{38700: {instructions: Steep the 4 tea bags in 4 cups of boiling water for 10 minutes. Discard the tea bags and allow the tea to cool.nCombine the lemon juice, sugar and 4 cups of cold water in a large pitcher. Add the tea and lemon slices. Serve over ice., ingredients: [4 tea bags, 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 5 to 6 lemons, 12 to 34 cup superfine sugar, to taste, 3 lemon slices], title: California Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 38701: {instructions: Special equipment: bamboo skewersnFor the sauce:nHeat oil in a heavybottomed saucepan, and saute scallions, celery, carrot, and garlic over mediumlow heat for about 20 minutes, stirring frequently, until the vegetables have caramelized lightly. Add the red wine and beef stock and bring to a simmer.nIn a stainless steel mixing bowl, whisk together the toasted flour and butter, add the tomato paste, then gradually ladle in the hot stock, whisking as you go to make a smooth sauce. Add the sachet depices of parsley, thyme, bay leaf, and peppercorn, reduce heat to low, and simmer for about 50 minutes. Skim any impurities off the surface.nHeat oil to 350 degrees F in a deepfryer.nMix the chili powder, salt and garlic powder in a shallow bowl and stir in flour. Skewer chunks of chicken using bamboo skewers which have been presoaked in water, and dip chicken into warm water, then coat with seasoned flour. Fry until cooked through about 6 minutes and serve with Espagnole sauce. Alternatively, these can be grilled by eliminating the flour and dipping the moistened skewered chicken into the mixed seasonings, then grilling until cooked through., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 scallions, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped celery, 1 tablespoon chopped carrot, 1 small clove garlic, crushed, 1 tablespoon dry red wine, 2 cups rich brown beef, veal or chicken stock, hot, 1 tablespoon toasted instant flour recommended: Wondra, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, A sachet depices containing: 1 sprig parsley, 1 sprig thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 black peppercorn, 1 liter vegetable or canola oil if deepfrying, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 23 cup allpurpose flour if deepfrying, 6 boneless chicken breasts, cut into chunks], title: Chicken Skewers with Espagnole Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38702: {instructions: Whisk all marinade ingredients together and marinate quail for at least one hour or up to 12 hours. Grill over hot coals or in grill pan. May be browned and baked in a preheated 350 degree oven for 20 to 30 minutes. Pull thigh away from breast of bird to check doneness.no red should be visible or pierce breast with fork or toothpick .juices should run clear. These are small birds and will dry out if overcooked., ingredients: [34 cup or 5.5 ounces achiote paste, 1 bottle or 8 ounces birch beer or root beer, 14 cup cider or seasoned rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, toasted and ground, 1teaspoon coriander seed, toasted and ground, 1 tablespoon Mexican oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, Pepper, 14 cup honey, 1 teaspoon smoke oil or liquid smoke, 14 cup olive oil, 8 whole quail, Bobwhite preferred or European style, partially boned], title: Achiote Marinated Quail, picturelink: null}, 38703: {instructions: In a heavy pot, bring 3 cups water to a rolling boil. Have the remaining water simmering nearby. Add the salt and stir the water rapidly with a whisk, stirring in the same circular direction to create a vortex, into which pour the polenta in a thin, steady stream, stirring continuously all the while to prevent the formation of lumps. Continue to stir after all the polenta has been added, and lower the heat so that the mixture simmers slowly rather than boils. When the polenta begins to thicken, replace the whisk with a longhandled wooden spoon. Add 1 cup remaining water and continue to stir. Should you find lumps, use the back of the spoon to press them against the sides of the pot until they break up. Continue to stir the polenta, being sure to reach down to the bottom of the pot, until it is thick and pulls away from the sides of the pot. Taste the polenta to be sure that the grains are tender add more water as necessary. It will take 15 to 60 minutes, certain types of cornmeal that simply do not become tender quickly will take longer. During the last 5 minutes of cooking, stir in the pepper and butter, followed by the cheese. Remove from the heat. To serve immediately, pour onto a large platter or into a bowl or individual dishes., ingredients: [6 cups water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 cup coarse or mediumground polenta, 121 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 ounces ParmigianoReggiano, grated], title: Soft Polenta, picturelink: null}, 38704: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace the flour and chilled butter in a medium mixing bowl. Work the butter into the flour with a pastry cutter, a fork, or your fingertips until the butter pieces are a little larger than an English pea, but not larger than a lima bean. If you are using your fingers, work quickly so that the heat of your hands wont melt the butter.nPour in all of the buttermilk and, using light pressure, fold the mixture a few times with a plastic spatula until it holds together. Do not overmix. In order to make light biscuits, it is important to work the dough as little as possible.nTurn the dough out onto a floured board and knead it quickly and gently 6 to 10 times or until it begins to be almost homogenized. There will be large pieces of butter throughout. Sprinkle a little flour under the dough so that it wont stick to the board and lightly dust the top of the dough so that it wont stick to the board and lightly dust the top of the dough so that it wont stick to the rolling pin. Roll the dough out to about 12inch thickness.nCut the dough into 2inch rounds, place on an ungreased baking sheet, and bake in the preheated oven for about 15 minutes. I like the biscuits to be crispy and brown on the top and bottom, but not dry in the middle. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and brush the tops of the biscuits with the melted butter. Serve right away.nNow comes the important part: deciding how many biscuits you want to eat. When they are served, take that many. Then, instead of using a knife to cut them, use your fingers to separate the tops from the bottoms. Butter the centers lavishly and replace the tops. Another taste treat, a southern tradition that has all but become history, is to mix together equal parts sorghum and butter with a fork and spread on your hot biscuits. If you cant find sorghum, use regular molasses. The results wont be quite as exquisite, but youll get the idea., ingredients: [3 cups selfrising soft wheat flour, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces and chilled, plus 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted for brushing the tops, 1 14 cups buttermilk], title: Buttermilk Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 38705: {instructions: Cook the oil, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper flakes in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring, until the oil heats up and the garlic just starts to turn golden, 4 to 6 minutes.nAdd the tomatoes rinse the can with about 1 cup of water, and add the water to the skillet. Add the basil, raise the heat to mediumhigh and simmer until the sauce thickens, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the spaghetti to the boiling water, and cook according to package directions strain well.nAdd the cooked spaghetti to the sauce, and stir to coat. Serve with Parmesan if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, very thinly sliced, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, One 28ounce can San Marzano plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 cup torn basil leaves, 12 ounces spaghetti, Grated Parmesan, optional, Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.], title: Simple Spaghetti with Tomato Sauce, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 38706: {instructions: Make the crust. In a food processor combine the flour, butter, sugar and salt and process until mixture resembles coarse meal. With the motor running add the egg mixture and pulse just until dough is formed. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill 30 minutes. On a lightly floured surface roll out the dough into a round 18inch thick and fit it into a 10inch tart pan, pressing edge to 12inch above the rim. Chill until ready to use. Make the filling. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Using an electric mixer beat the egg yolks until combined. Add 12 cup sugar a little at a time and beat until lemon colored. Pass the ricotta through a fine sieve into a bowl. Add the ricotta, potato starch, lemon rind and vanilla to the egg mixture and beat until just combined. In another bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites until they form soft peaks. Add the remaining sugar a little at a time and beat until firm. Stir 14 of the whites into the batter and fold in the remaining whites gently but thoroughly. Pour mixture into chilled tart shell, place on a baking sheet and bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until golden brown and set. Let cool to room temperature and chill 3 hours or overnight., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into quarters, 14 cup sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 large egg, lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon ice water, 4 large eggs, separated, 23 cup sugar, 12 ounces Ricotta cheese drained if watery, 2 tablespoons grated lemon rind from about 2 large lemons, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 4 teaspoons potato starch, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Torta al Limone, picturelink: null}, 38707: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, celery, lemon juice, chives, mustard, parsley, salt, and pepper to taste. If using, add the basil or dill. Using a rubber spatula, gently mix the lobster with the dressing until just combined. Refrigerate for at least 1 or up to 24 hours.nWhen ready to serve, heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Melt 1 teaspoon of the butter. Add 2 hot dog rolls and toast them on their flat sides, about 30 seconds per side. Repeat with the remaining butter and rolls.nSplit the rolls open and fill with the lobster mixture and serve., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 1 small stalk celery, peeled and minced, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons minced flatleaf parsley, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 rounded tablespoon minced fresh basil leaves or 2 teaspoons minced dill optional, 2 cups diced cooked lobster meat about 14 ounces, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 4 hot dog rolls, New Englandstyle preferred], title: Lobster Rolls, picturelink: null}, 38708: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the rosemary simple syrup: Add the sugar, 12 cup water and the rosemary to a small saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and let cool.nFor the champagne fizz: Combine a tablespoon of rosemary simple syrup more if you like it sweeter, the gin and grapefruit juice and stir. Pour into two cocktail glasses. Top each with champagne and garnish with a sprig of rosemary. Enjoy, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 small bunch fresh rosemary, plus 4 sprigs for garnish, 3 ounces gin, 3 ounces fresh squeezed ruby red grapefruit juice, Champagne or prosecco], title: Rosemary Champagne Fizz, picturelink: uE24pk.KRdXg3NGfFoJJFAqOZfZvshW}, 38709: {instructions: In a small saucepan placed over moderate heat, combine water, sugar, star anise and lemon juice. Stir and cook until sugar dissolves and water comes to a bubble. Add blackberries and cook 30 seconds. Remove pan from heat and let stand a 1 or 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove star anise. Scoop lemon sorbet into 4 small dessert cups. Top lemon sorbet with star anise and blackberries and garnish desserts with 2 Piroline cookies or dessert wafers., ingredients: [34 cup water, 14 cup sugar, 2 star anise, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, juice of 1 wedge, 1 pint blackberries, 1 pint lemon sorbet, 8 Piroline cookies or other wafer style dessert cookie], title: Star Anise Blackberries with Lemon Sorbet, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 38710: {instructions: To make the icepop: In a large bowl, combine the puree, water and lemon juice. Pour the mixture into an ice cream maker and follow the directions for your machine to freeze the guanabana mix to the consistency of a sorbet. Once the mixture has become somewhat solid, pour the icepop mix into an ice cube tray and insert the cinnamon sticks. They will act as the handles of the icepop. Place in a freezer and freeze until solid, about 8 to 10 hours.nTo make the martini: Fill a martini shaker with ice. Pour the gin and pineapple juice into the shaker. Cover and shake for 1 minute. Place the icepop into a chilled martini glass and strain the martini over it.nGuanabana is a fruit, related to the cherimoya, and can be found in Spanish specialty markets. ., ingredients: [1 13 cup guanabana puree or nectar, 34 cup water, 14 cup fresh squeezed lemon juice, 10 cinnamon sticks, 1 12 ounce gin recommended: Bombay Sapphire, 2 ounces pineapple juice, Ice], title: Pineapple Sapphire Icepop Martini, picturelink: null}, 38711: {instructions: Make sure your meats have been put through a fine grinder. Combine all ingredients thoroughly including seasonings. Pinch off a small piece and fry, to taste for seasoning. Form into 2 12inch patties and saute in oil until brown., ingredients: [8 ounces ground chuck, 1 pound ground pork shoulder, 4 ounces ground pork fat, 2 tablespoons vodka, 2 beaten eggs, 12 teaspoon allspice, 1 tablespoon ground ancho chile, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 12 tablespoon fennel seed], title: Spicy Ukranian Sausage Patties Kovbasa, picturelink: null}, 38712: {instructions: Sift the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar into a bowl. Add heavy cream to make a light dough. Pat or roll 12 inch thick. Cut into rounds with a floured cutter 1 to 2 inches in diameter. Place on baking sheet. Bake in a preheated at 450 degree oven 12 to 15 minutes, or until light and brown., ingredients: [2 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 to 1 cup heavy cream], title: Cream Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 38713: {instructions: Place the garlic and ginger in a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the vegetable oil, tahini, peanut butter, soy sauce, sherry, sherry vinegar, honey, chili oil, sesame oil, and ground peppers. Puree the sauce.nAdd a splash of oil to a large pot of boiling salted water and cook the spaghetti al dente. Drain the pasta in a colander, place it in a large bowl, and while still warm, toss with 34 of the sauce. Add the red and yellow bell peppers and scallions toss well. Serve warm or at room temperature. The remaining sauce may be added, as needed, to moisten the pasta., ingredients: [6 garlic cloves, chopped, 14 cup fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup tahini sesame paste, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 12 cup good soy sauce, 14 cup dry sherry, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 14 cup honey, 12 teaspoon hot chili oil, 2 tablespoons dark sesame oil, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 1 pound spaghetti, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 yellow bell pepper, julienned, 4 scallions, sliced diagonally white and green parts], title: Sczechuan Noodles, picturelink: null}, 38714: {instructions: Duck is one of those dishes that can be intimidating because it seems fancy and elegant. But theres nothing to be scared ofmaking great duck just takes patience. To get a really beautiful, crackling, brown piece of skin you have to take your time and render the fat SLOWLY. If you rush it, youll end up with crispy skin but a thick layer of fat between the skin and the meatwhich is totally icky. Taking your time to render the fat will not only make your duck absolutely delicious, but it will also leave you with a treasure trove of duck fatan ingredient that in restaurant kitchens is considered liquid gold and makes killer duck fat potatoes. I think that duck lends itself to sweet flavors, so in this dish I use a sweet Tuscan wineVin Santoto reconstitute dried fruit to make a chutneylike sauce with rich chicken stock. Together the rich, meaty, succulent duck and the intense, fruity sauce make this dish perfect for a holiday, a special occasion, or even a Tuesday.nIn a small bowl, soak the apricots, apples, and cherries in the Vin Santo.nUsing a knife, cut or score the fat of the duck breasts in a crosshatched pattern, cutting through the fat, down to the meat, but not into the meat this allows the fat to escape more easily as it cooks. Season generously with salt.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a large saute pan with about a tablespoon of olive oil. Place the duck breasts skin side down in the pan be sure that the duck fits in the pan comfortably and is not crowded. Bring the pan to low heat and render the fat from the duck breasts. This needs to be done SLOWLY otherwise the fat will be sealed into the skin and will not render out. This process will take about 20 to 25 minutes, maybe more. As the fat builds up in the pan, scoop it out, but SAVE ITnWhen the fat has rendered from the breasts you will see the meat through the score marks. At this point, crank up the heat and brown both sides of the duck, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Then move the duck to a rimmed baking sheet and place it in the preheated oven for 5 to 6 minutes for mediumrare. Remove any remaining fat from the pan and set the pan aside to make the sauce look at mesaving you dishes. Remove the duck from the oven and let rest for about 10 minutes before slicing.nStrain the Vin Santo from the dried fruit, add it to the saute pan, bring to mediumhigh heat, and reduce it until its almost a syrup. Add 12 cup of the chicken stock, all the dried fruit, and the thyme leaves to the pan season with salt. When the chicken stock has reduced and the sauce looks kind of chunky, add the remaining chicken stock bring to a boil BTB, cook for 2 to 3 minutes, and turn off the heat. Taste to make sure the sauce is yummy and reseason if needed.nSlice each duck breast on the bias, fan the meat on a plate, and spoon some of the sauce on and around the duck., ingredients: [12 cup dried apricots, cut into quarters, 12 cup dried apples, cut into 12inch chunks, 12 cup dried cherries, 1 cup Vin Santo, 4 small or 2 large duck breasts, Kosher salt, Extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup chicken stock see page 85, Leaves from 5 or 6 sprigs of fresh thyme], title: Duck Breast with Dried Fruit and Vin Santo, picturelink: null}, 38715: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat water for pasta, salt water and cook pasta to al dente.nWhile pasta water comes to boil, heat extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, in a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. When oil is hot, add bacon and crisp, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Add onions and cook 10 minutes until soft and beginning to caramelize. Add wine and cook out, 1 minute.nWhile onions cook, heat a sauce pot over medium heat. Add butter, melt and whisk in flour. Cook 1 minute then whisk in stock and milk and bring to a bubble. Thicken a few minutes then season with salt and pepper. Melt in cheese stirring it in a figure8 motion with a wooden spoon. Add nutmeg and mustard and adjust salt and pepper.nDrain pasta, toss with onions and stir in cheese sauce to coat. Top with crispy bacon and serve., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound gemelli pasta or other short cut pasta, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound bacon, chopped, 2 onions, quartered and thinly sliced, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup whole milk, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded Gruyere, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard], title: Mac and Cheese Lorraine, picturelink: DmI8CVfCdbStSnvsfvMYvLxs1x6ErW}, 38716: {instructions: Place the tomatillos, jalapenos and water in a blender or a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Puree just until chunky. Then add the remaining ingredients and puree about 2 minutes more, or until no large chunks remain. This salsa keeps in the refrigerator, in a covered container, about 3 days., ingredients: [1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and cut into quarters, 2 to 4 large jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and roughly chopped, 12 cup cold water, 12 medium onion, cut in half, 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 38717: {instructions: Scrub potatoes to clean. Slice potatoes into large, frylike strips. Add sliced potato to bowl and cover with water. In large pot or deep fryer heat oil to 375 degrees. Drain potatoes and pat with napkin until completely dry. Blanch potatoes by briefly plunging into oil and frying until brown and crispy. Reheat oil to 375 degrees. Add blanched potatoes to oil and cook until tender but not browned. Remove fries to paper towel to drain. Season and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds potatoes, unpeeled, Vegetable oil], title: French Fries, picturelink: null}, 38718: {instructions: For the Coriander Crusted Halibut With Rice Noodles And Ginger Broth: Preheat an oven to 450 degrees. Place the coriander on a small plate. Season the halibut on both sides with salt and dredge the top only with the coriander. In a hot saute pan coated with oil, sear the top first until brown and fragrant. Flip and place pan in oven for 8 to10 minutes or until the fish in flaky and hot in the middle. Concurrently, in a hot saucepan, coat lightly with oil and saute the ginger and leeks until soft, about 4 minutes. Deglaze with fish sauce and add stock. Bring to a simmer and reduce by 20 percent. Check for seasoning then add lime juice and cilantro. Right before serving, add the soft rice noodles. Bring to temperature then serve.nPLATING In large, warm pasta bowls, ladle the broth, leeks and noodles. Make a small pile in the middle with the mixture and top with halibut. Garnish with cilantro sprigs.nWine Suggestion: Lenswood Sauvignon Blanc, Australia, ingredients: [14 cup freshly ground coriander, Fleur de sel, to season, 4 6ounce pieces halibut fillet, Canola oil, to cook, 1 12 tablespoons minced ginger, 2 leeks, white part julienned, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 6 cups chicken stock, 2 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon minced cilantro leaves, save 4 whole sprigs for garnish, 1 package 8ounce thin rice noodles, soaked in warm water for 20 minutes until soft], title: CorianderCrusted Halibut with Rice Noodles and Ginger Broth, picturelink: null}, 38719: {instructions: Combine the diced chicken with the eggs, and the light soy sauce and season with salt and pepper. Remove the chicken to a medium bowl and add enough cornstarch to coat the chicken it should form a stickylike paste around the chicken. Cover the bowl and let rest for 1 hour in the refrigerator.nCombine all the sauce ingredients, except the cornstarch slurry, in a large saucepan over medium heat and simmer until the sugar dissolves.nHeat the oil in a deepfryer or heavybottomed pan to 350 to 360 degrees F.nCarefully test the oil by dropping a single piece of chicken into it and cook for around 4 minutes. When the oil is hot enough, slowly add a few pieces of chicken at a time, until all the chicken is cooked. Remove the chicken from the oil to paper towels to drain.nAdd a little more oil to a clean wok or skillet over medium heat. When the oil is hot add the chiles and green onions to saute for around 1 minute. Add the already cooked chicken to the wok and toss around with the chiles so that all the chicken gets great flavor. At this point add the warmed sauce mixture, a few spoonfuls at a time, until all the chicken is coated but not soaking wet.nIf the sauce is a little runny add the cornstarch slurry, a little at a time, to thicken the sauce. Remember you have to cook the sauce until bubbling after you have added the cornstarch. This normally takes a couple of minutes over low heat. Remove the chicken mixture from the wok to a serving bowl and serve immediately on fried or steamed rice. Garnish with whole cilantro leaves before serving., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken breast or thighs, cubed, 2 eggs, beaten, 3 tablespoons light soy sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cornstarch, as required, 5 cups frying oil, canola or grapeseed, 8 small dried red chile peppers, 6 green onions, sliced, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 14 cup sake, 2 tablespoons sugar, 6 14 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons cornstarch slurry, cornstarch and water mixed for thickening the sauce, Fried or steamed rice, for serving, Whole cilantro leaves, for serving], title: General Tsos Chicken, picturelink: null}, 38720: {instructions: Make the dulce de leche one day in advance: I like to put a small folded piece of kitchen towel on the bottom of a small, heavyduty saucepan. Set the can directly on top and fill the saucepan with enough water to reach 2 to 3 inches over the can. Bring the pot to a full boil, then lower to a simmer. Cook for 3 to 4 hours, checking the water every 30 minutes. Dont let the water level get below the can or evaporate completely. You will destroy the pot and not have properly cooked dulce de leche. I like a darker, more caramelized cream, so I cook it for 4 hours though 3 hours will work. Very carefully remove the hot can from the pot with tongs. Allow the can to cool for 24 hours at room temperature before opening. Store in the refrigerator for up to one week after opening.nFor the cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the hazelnuts in a single layer on a sheet pan and bake until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Put the hazelnuts, flour, salt, cinnamon and cloves in a food processor. Pulse 8 to 10 times until the hazelnuts are finely chopped. Remove the mixture from the processor and set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter, sugar and orange zest until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the vanilla and maple extracts and the dry ingredients mix until the dough comes together, 1 to 2 minutes. Divide the dough into two disks, flatten them, wrap in plastic and chill for 1 hour.nWorking with one disk of dough at a time, roll the dough between two sheets of parchment. Roll out to an 11 to 12inch round. The dough should be slightly thinner than 14 inch. Chill that piece and repeat with the second disk. Chill both rounds of dough until very firm the freezer can help if time is important.nLine two sheet pans with parchment set aside. From one round of dough, cut out twentyeight 2 12inch cookies. I like to use a square cutter just to mix it up from the traditional round cookie. Cut out cookies from the second round of doughthese will become the tops of the cookies. You will need to cut out a small 1inch round center hole from the second set of cookies, which will allow you to see the filling of the finished cookie. Bake the punched holes for snacking on.nOnce all the cookies are cut, arrange on the prepared pans and chill until cold or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the cookies until theyre light golden brown, 16 to 18 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool to room temperature.nTop the bottom cookies with the dulce de leche or your favorite fruit jam or jelly. I love cranberryorange jam. Sift confectioners sugar on the cookie tops while on the sheet pan, then place on top of the filled bottom cookies light press together.nThe filled cookies should be eaten the same day. Unfilled cookies will sit very well for 4 to 5 days wrapped airtight at room temperature., ingredients: [One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, unopened, label removed, 1 cup 5 12 ounces hazelnuts, blanched and chopped, 2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest from about 2 oranges, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon pure maple extract], title: Toasted Hazelnut Filled Dulce de Leche Cookies, picturelink: null}, 38721: {instructions: Place apples in a large bowl. Stir juices into yogurt a little at a time to desired consistency. Spoon over apples. Chill and serve., ingredients: [6 apples of different varieties, cored and diced, 1 4ounce container of strawberry yogurt, Juice from 4 different Florida citruses e.g.: 1 each Valencia, navel, tangerine, tangelo], title: All Apple Salad with Florida Dressing, picturelink: null}, 38722: {instructions: Special equipment: flowershaped cookie cutters and 8 icepop sticksnSlice the cantaloupe and honeydew into 12inchthick slices. Using small flowershaped cookie cutters, cut flowers from the melon slices. Using a paring knife, cut a wedge out of the stem end of each strawberry to form a heart shape. Cut the granola bars crosswise into equal squares.nAssemble by skewering the ingredients through the icepop sticks, alternating between melon flowers, strawberries and granola bars, in any combination., ingredients: [1 cantaloupe, peeled, halved and seeded, 1 honeydew melon, peeled, halved and seeded, 8 strawberries, hulled, 6 chewy granola bars], title: Flowery Fun Fruit Skewers, picturelink: HP9n6ElMd.wkHZOOCSnprpwC277Vp6S}, 38723: {instructions: Gather together 10 to 12 2inchhigh cake rings. Cut strips of parchment paper 1 inch wider than the rings. Brush both sides of parchment strips with clarified butter. Fit inside of cake rings. Coat inside of rings with cocoa powder and set aside on a sheet pan.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt extrabitter chocolate over double boiler. Whisk softened butter into melted chocolate. Remove chocolate mixture from heat and whisk in egg yolks, 1 at a time. Sift flours together and fold into chocolate mixture.nBeat egg whites to soft peaks and add confectioners sugar. Whisk 13 of egg mixture into chocolate mixture. Fold in remaining whites in 2 additions.nPipe a 12inch layer of cake batter into the bottom of each cocoacoated cake ring. Freeze until cake batter becomes stiff. Approximately 3 to 5 minutes. Put a 1inch piece semisweet chocolate in each cake ring atop the stiffened cake batter. Pipe in enough cake batter to cover the chocolate piece. Bake in a 350 degree oven for 20 minutes. Afterwards, allow cake to rest for one minute. Serve with whipped cream and Bay leaf sauce.nBoil sugar and water. Put in vanilla bean, cut in half lengthwise and scraped, and bay leaves into boiling mixture. Allow to infuse for at least on hour, off of heat and then, remove bean and leaves. Keep sauce refrigerated.nYield: 1 12 cups sauce, ingredients: [Clarified butter, Cocoa powder, 7 ounces Valrhona extrabitter chocolate, 7 tablespoons soft butter, 6 eggs, separated, 12 cup almond flour, 12 cup cake flour, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 10 to 12 ounces Valrhona semisweet chocolate, Bay leaf sauce recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 1 vanilla bean, 4 fresh bay leaves], title: Chocolate Molten Cake, picturelink: null}, 38724: {instructions: For the batter: Blend the flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor or blender. Add the milk, water, eggs, butter, and vanilla extract, and process until smooth. Set aside for at least 30 minutes.nFor the fruit: While batter rests, hull and halve the strawberries. Toss with blackberries, sugar, and orange liqueur, if using, in a medium bowl set aside.nFor the filling: Whisk the cheeses with the sugar, orange zest and juice, and the vanilla extract.nTo make the crepes: Heat an 6inch nonstick skillet or crepe pan over medium heat until a drop of water bounces and sizzles briefly on its surface before evaporating. Quickly pour in about 2 tablespoons of crepe batter and swirl it to coat the skillet evenly. Cook until the batter sets, about 30 seconds. Flip the crepe and cook the other side until just barely golden. Repeat with the remaining batter, stacking the crepes as they cook.nPlace 1 tablespoon of the cheese filling on the lower lefthand corner of each crepe. Fold crepe in half, then half again to make a triangle with filling in the tip. Repeat with the remaining crepes and filling. Stack filled crepes neatly on serving platter or hotel pan. The crepes can be prepared up to this point a day ahead, covered tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerated overnight.nTo serve: Preheat an oven to 250 degrees F. Cover crepes with foil and warm in the oven until heated through, about 10 minutes.nSpoon the macerated berries over the crepes and serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups whole milk, 12 cup water, 6 large eggs, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted 1 stick, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 pound 2 cups strawberries, washed, 12 pound 2 cups blackberries, washed, 13 cup sugar, Splash orange liqueur, optional, 2 cups fromage blanc, 2 cups marscarpone, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons finely grated orange zest from 2 large oranges, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice from 1 large orange, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Mixed Berry Crepes with Mascarpone, picturelink: EVXmuupANaa1ixK.eiXrdfrNLhvzGTC}, 38725: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut parchment paper into twelve 5by5inch squares. Lightly grease the inside of a 12cup muffin tin. Center a square of parchment paper over 1 of the cups and use your fingers to press the parchment into the cup, so that it sticks to the sides and bottom. Crease the paper as needed to fit and repeat with the remaining parchment regular muffin liners work just as well but the parchment looks pretty.n2. Combine the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, salt and baking soda in a large bowl.n3. Whisk together the yogurt, applesauce, molasses, orange zest, eggs and butter in a separate small bowl.n4. Fold the wet ingredients into the dry until just combined dont fret if the batter is lumpy, this means your batter isnt overmixed.n5. Fill each liner almost to the top of the tin an icecream scoop lightly greased with nonstick spray will help. Sprinkle each muffin with the toasted oats.n6. Bake, rotating about halfway through, until a toothpick inserted in the muffins comes out clean and the tops are just slightly puffed and spring back when touched, 20 to 24 minutes. Let rest in the hot muffin pan 3 minutes, then transfer to a cooling rack and let cool 30 minutes. Store the cooled muffins in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [Vegetable oil or pan spray, for greasing, 1 cup stoneground cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 23 cup plain yogurt or sour cream, 12 cup smooth applesauce, 12 cup molasses, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 2 large eggs, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted 8 tablespoons, 14 to 13 cup toasted oats for sprinkling, optional], title: CornmealMolasses Muffins, picturelink: 11H51jxExsZfLQSJHC1DPoiCxHHX.a}, 38726: {instructions: Begin with a hot skillet. Saute the clams and mussels for two minutes. Then add chopped garlic. Cook for a minute be careful not to burn garlic. Then, add onions and tomatoes and cook for 2 minutes. Next, add fish stock as mussels and clams begin to open. Add shrimp, whitefish and chile puree. Cook for three minutes. At this point add calamari, coconut milk cilantro. Cook for a minute more and serve in halved coconut., ingredients: [3 Littleneck clams, 4 Prince Edward Island mussels, 1 tablespoon of chopped garlic, 14 cup of sliced white onions, 2 tablespoons diced Roma tomatoes, 12 cup fish stock or bottled clam juice, 3 Medium sized shrimp peeled and deveined, 4 ounces fresh whitefish fillet grouper, snapper, flounder, 1 tablespoon dry chile puree ancho, pasilla, guijilb, 3 ounces fresh calamari pealed and cut in 12 inch rings, 12 cup coconut milk, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro], title: Yucatan Stew, picturelink: null}, 38727: {instructions: For the vinaigrette, whisk together the mustard, lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper in a small bowl.nFor the salad, cut the avocados in half, remove the seed, and peel. Cut into 34inch dice and toss with the lemon juice. If the arugula leaves are large, cut them in half crosswise.nPut the lobster and tomatoes in a bowl. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper and toss with enough vinaigrette to moisten. Add the diced avocados, crumbled bacon, blue cheese, and arugula and toss again. Fill the hot dog rolls with the salad. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, 5 tablespoons good olive oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 ripe Hass avocados, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 bunch arugula, washed and spun dry, 1 12 pounds cooked lobster meat, cut in 34inch dice, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, cut in half or quarters, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound lean bacon, fried and crumbled, 34 cup crumbled English Stilton, or other crumbly blue cheese, 8 hot dog rolls], title: Lobster Cobb Salad Rolls, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 38728: {instructions: Heat a medium skillet over high heat. Add the rice and smashed garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add 1 cup water, season with salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Add the squash and reduce the heat to low cover and simmer, undisturbed, about 25 minutes. Sprinkle the chicken over the rice mixture, cover and remove from the heat. Meanwhile, make the bean salsa: Drain and rinse the beans, quarter the tomatoes and chop the cilantro and jalapenos. Toss with the pickling liquid and minced garlic in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Stir the chickenrice mixture and spoon it down the center of each tortilla, then top with half of the bean salsa and sprinkle with the cheese. Fold in the sides and roll up. Slice in half and serve with avocado, the remaining bean salsa and yogurt, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 cup brown rice, 2 cloves garlic 1 smashed, 1 minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 pound about 2 cups frozen diced butternut squash, thawed, 1 cup shredded rotisserie chicken, skin removed, 1 15ounce can black beans, 1 cup grape tomatoes, 12 cup fresh cilantro, 14 cup pickled jalapeno peppers, plus 2 tablespoons pickling liquid, 4 8inch wholewheat tortillas, warmed, 12 cup shredded reducedfat cheddar cheese, 1 avocado, sliced, Plain lowfat yogurt or sour cream, for serving optional], title: Chicken and Bean Burritos, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 38729: {instructions: For the chili: Set a large pan over mediumhigh heat and add some coconut oil. Add the pork, beef, garlic, habanero and onions and cook until the meat is brown, about 5 minutes. Season with the chile powder, cumin, garlic powder, onion powder, allspice, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Add the tomatoes and a splash of Worcestershire sauce, bring to a simmer and simmer for 5 to 10 minutes. Add the beef stock and continue to simmer for an additional 10 to 15 minutes. Add additional salt and pepper to adjust the seasoning if needed. Mix in the chopped cilantro and mangoes.nFor the muffins: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Mix the butter, milk and eggs in another bowl and whisk until combined. Mix the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until well combined mix in the jalapenos.nFill each cup of a 12cup muffin pan halfway with the muffin batter. Place some of the chili mixture on top of the muffin batter in each cup. Finish by filling up each cup with some of the remaining muffin batter. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [Coconut oil, for browning the meat, 8 ounces ground pork, 8 ounces ground beef, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 habanero pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons chile powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon allspice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, Splash Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup beef stock, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 2 mangoes, chopped, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch of kosher salt, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup whole milk, 2 large eggs, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped], title: Caribbean ChiliStuffed Muffins, picturelink: ot551Y0rIhM8slIn261oE3FrtNplf2}, 38730: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll out 1 piece of dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate chill until ready to use.nMake the filling: Peel and chop the apples. Pulse the apples, raisins, and dried plums, figs and cherries in a food processor until chunky. Transfer to a large bowl and toss with the sugar, tapioca, orange liqueur, lemon zest, cinnamon, salt and allspice. Spoon into the crust and dot with the butter.nRoll out the second piece of dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Cut into 12inchwide strips with a knife. Arrange half of the strips in parallel rows over the filling, about 12 inch apart. Working with 1 strip at a time, arrange the remaining strips perpendicular to the first ones, weaving the strips over and under, to form a lattice. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edge with your fingers. Brush the lattice crust with the beaten egg.nPut the pie on a rimmed baking sheet and transfer to the oven bake until the crust is golden and the filling is bubbly, about 1 hour. Cover the edge with foil if it is browning too quickly. Transfer to a rack and let cool until set, about 3 hours.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [14 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 14ounce box refrigerated pie dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 pounds crisp apples such as Granny Smith or Gala, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 cup pitted dried plums, 1 cup dried figs, 12 cup dried cherries, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon instant tapioca, 2 teaspoons orangeflavored liqueur or apple brandy, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Apple and Dried Fruit Lattice Pie, picturelink: uHc8UOkFhFUtLuUzdWUwYvfNq1zWi1G}, 38731: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh. Thread tomatoes onto bamboo skewers that have been soaked in water for at least 30 minutes. Brush with vinaigrette and place on grill. Cook 5 to 7 minutes or until some begin to burst and get charred.nIn a medium bowl, combine tomatoes, feta cheese, green onion and remaining dressing.nArrange endive leaves around serving platter, like flower petals, touching in the center. Mound the tomato mixture in the center of the plate., ingredients: [1 pint yellow cherry tomatoes, 14 cup French Vinaigrette dressing, 14 cup feta cheese, crumbled, 2 green onions, sliced, 1 head endive, lettuce or 8 Romaine lettuce leaves from the hearts], title: Grilled Yellow Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 38732: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 package 6inch wooden skewersnSoak wooden skewers in water for 30 to 60 minutes. Dry them off with a towel.nPrepare a grill or broiler.nLay out skewers on a plate and brush with cinnamon oil. Skewer a few pieces of fruit onto each skewer. Grill or broil fruit skewers for 30 seconds on each side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cinnamon oil, 2 cups each fruit of your choice, cut into 34inch chunks apples, banana, pears, pineapple], title: CinnamonFlavored Skewers with Fresh Fruit, picturelink: VBpz8ty3eHRxZzVuJc1KfIFIOm592}, 38733: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add orzo and cook to al dente.nHeat extravirgin olive oil in a skillet, add zucchini, onions and garlic, season with salt and pepper and cook 6 to 7 minutes until tender, add chick peas and heat through. Toss with herbs, orzo and cheese, adjust salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [Salt, 12 pound orzo, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small to medium zucchini, diced, 12 red onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 15ounce can chick peas, drained, 12 cup parsley leaves, chopped, 14 cup mint leaves, finely chopped, 12 cup feta or goat cheese, crumbled], title: Orzo with Chick Peas, picturelink: nV5XbGP.nt0tkW9vf66l8SfdU8g89i}, 38734: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCut each potato, lengthwise, into 8 wedges. Trim all but 14inch of the potato flesh with a pairing knife. Lay the skins on a baking sheet, skin side down , and spray the flesh side with the olive oil spray. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until golden and crispy, about 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, puree the cottage cheese, sour cream, and horseradish in a blender. Transfer to a small serving bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Sprinkle chives on top.nPut hot potato wedges on a platter with the bowl of horseradish cream. Serve., ingredients: [3 large russet potatoes, scrubbed and dried, about 1 12 pounds, Olive oil spray, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup lowfat cottage cheese, 2 tablespoons light sour cream, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Roasted Potato Skins with Horseradish Cream, picturelink: null}, 38735: {instructions: Melt 1 stick of butter in a heavy saucepan. Add flour and cook, stirring frequently, over medium heat until the roux is a light brown. Set aside.nIn a 10 quart saucepan, melt remaining butter and add turtle meat, veal and beef. Cook over high heat until meat is brown. Add celery, onions, garlic, bay leaves and oregano and cook until vegetables are transparent.nAdd tomato puree, hot sauce, Worcestershire and black pepper and simmer for 10 minutes.nAdd stock and simmer for 30 minutes. Add roux and cook over low heat, stirring until soup is smooth and thickened. Correct seasoning with salt and pepper to taste. Add lemon, eggs, spinach and sherry. Remove from heat and serve. If desired, at the table add 1 teaspoon of sherry to each soup plate., ingredients: [1 14 sticks unsalted butter, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 13 pound turtle meat, medium dice, 13 pound veal stew meat, medium dice, 13 pound lean beef, medium dice, 1 cup each minced celery, white onion, green bell pepper, 1 12 teaspoons garlic, minced, 3 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon oregano, 1 12 cups tomato puree, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 2 quarts beef stock, 1 lemon, juiced, 4 eggs, hard cooked and finely chopped, 4 tablespoons spinach, chopped, 4 tablespoons dry sherry], title: Turtle Soup, picturelink: null}, 38736: {instructions: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pulse the cones, salt and sugar in a food processor until coarsely ground. Add the melted butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse sand. Press on the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch pie dish. Bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes let cool completely.nMake the filling: Bring 2 cups milk to a bare simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Whisk the egg yolks, 34 cup sugar and the vanilla in a large bowl until smooth and pale. Whisk in the cornstarch. Slowly whisk the warm milk into the egg mixture, then pour into the saucepan and return to medium heat. Cook, whisking constantly, until the custard thickens and begins to bubble, about 2 minutes. Stir in the butter until melted. Strain the custard through a finemesh sieve into a large bowl set aside to cool, stirring frequently.nPut the remaining 2 tablespoons milk and the chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl microwave 1 minute. Stir until the chocolate melts, then let cool slightly.nSpread the chocolate over the bottom and up the sides of the crust. Press the bananas into the chocolate, then pour the custard over the bananas. Cover and chill until set, at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Make the meringue: Beat the egg whites in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and half of the remaining 13 cup sugar and beat until opaque. Add the remaining sugar and beat until stiff peaks form, about 5 more minutes.nSwirl the meringue on the pie with the back of a spoon. Bake until golden brown in spots, 5 to 8 minutes. Let sit at room temperature until set, about 1 hour, 30 minutes.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [10 sugar cones, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons whole milk, 4 large eggs, separated, 34 cup plus 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 2 bananas, sliced into 14inchthick rounds, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: Banana Cream Pie, picturelink: dQB2wPYjtx76lKMrC0s5skgsCWKCwhu}, 38737: {instructions: In a large saucepan combine the water, flowers, and ginger. Bring to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes. Add sugar and stir until dissolved then strain through a fine strainer. Let juice cool and then chill in refrigerator until needed.nServing Suggestions: This juice is great alone or mixed with other juices or cocktails.nCopyright 2004 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [6 cups water, 1 12 cups dried hibiscus flowers, also known as sorrel, 3inch piece fresh ginger, sliced, 12 cup sugar], title: Hibiscus Juice, picturelink: null}, 38738: {instructions: Puree 2 avocados and 12 jalapeno pepper in a food processor. Stir in a 7ounce tub of hummus, a pinch of salt and a squeeze of lemon juice. Garnish with chopped cilantro and serve with celery sticks.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [], title: Avocado Hummus, picturelink: 24RWFnLFBv6fEp43ze2wnXgTH7ltRy}, 38739: {instructions: In a saute pan with the olive oil, sweat the leeks and brown the mushrooms lightly. Add the sherry and reduce. Add the rice and saute for 2 minutes.nIn three stages, stir in the chicken stock. Continue to stir during the process of adding the stock. When all the stock is absorbed, taste the rice for doneness. If the rice still has a bite to it, stir in more stock and continue to cook.nStir in the Parmesan and the parsley. Season and serve.nDomesticated mushrooms may be substituted. Your choice, the drier the better., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons wild leeks, diced domestic leeks may be used, 1 cup boletus wild mushroom, diced, 1 cup orange latex milky mushrooms wild mushrooms, diced, 14 cup cream sherry, 1 cup Arborio rice, 3 cups lowfat chicken stock, 14 cup Parmesan, grated, 1 tablespoon Italian flat leaf parsley, chopped, To taste salt and black pepper], title: Wild Mushroom Risotto, picturelink: null}, 38740: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 piping bags and a large star tipnFor the pate a choux: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nBring the butter, salt and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring, until the mixture comes together in a solid ball and leaves a light film in the bottom of the pan. Transfer the dough to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and set the speed to medium. Add the eggs 1 at a time and mix until each is fully incorporated.nTransfer the dough to a piping bag fitted with a large star tip. Pipe the dough into 4inch lengths on the prepared baking sheets, leaving 2 inches between each. Bake until the pastry is puffed and deep golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool completely, 10 to 15 minutes.nFor the salmon salad: Combine the cream cheese, smoked salmon, dill, egg whites, mint and red onions in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed until completely combined and like a tuna salad. Fill a pastry bag with the salmon mixture.nTo serve: Split the choux pastry in half lengthwise and pipe some salmon filling into each bottom. Top with a pinch of the micro greens followed by the top half of each pastry. Serve., ingredients: [Pate a Choux:, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 large or extralarge eggs, Salmon Salad:, 1 12 cups cream cheese, 1 cup chopped smoked salmon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 hardboiled eggs, yolks removed, whites chopped, 1 sprig fresh mint, chopped, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 1 cup mixed micro greens], title: ChouxNami Salmon Salad Eclairs, picturelink: eRGgd5APNi4PPkNw1nTFv88GaH3UW}, 38741: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan, bring 1 cup milk and the ground coffee to a boil. Turn off the heat and let sit for 10 minutes to infuse.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the sugar, cocoa, cornstarch, and salt. In a thin stream, whisk in the remaining milk until smooth. Whisk in the halfandhalf until smooth. Whisk in the coffee infused milk, and then pour the mixture through a fine sieve or chinois into a saucepan. Over medium heat, whisking the mixture constantly, bring to a boil and boil gently 2 minutes.nTurn off the heat and stir in the bittersweet chocolate and vanilla extract. Pour the mixture into 1cup ramekins, cups, or mugs. Refrigerate until well chilled. The recipe can be made through this step up to 2 days in advance. Serve cold.nCinnamon Toasted Soldiers: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the sugar and cinnamon. Toss the brioche sticks in the melted butter, then the cinnamon sugar. Place on a sheet pan and bake for 10 minutes, or until crisp and golden brown., ingredients: [1 cup milk, plus 3 cups milk, 2 tablespoons ground coffee, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup cocoa powder preferably Dutch process, 12 cup cornstarch, 18 teaspoon heaping kosher salt, 2 cups halfandhalf, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 10 by 2 12 by 12inch brioche sticks, crust removed, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: Stovetop Mocha Pudding, picturelink: ZPCzRAOE8282tk0tNT0T3ZTpXKemwK}, 38742: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda, and cloves together in a medium bowl. Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Remove pan from the heat, and add the bittersweet chocolate, set aside until melted.nWhisk the eggs, yolk, brown sugar, and vanilla together in a medium bowl then slowly whisk in melted chocolatemixture. Stir in the flour mixture to make a loose dough. Dont over work the dough. Fold in the chips. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Form dough into balls, about 2 inches or 1 12 ounces each, and put on the prepared baking sheets, leaving a couple inches between the cookies. Bake until outside is crackly, but the center is still moist, about 13 to 15 minutes. Cool on a rack.nCopyright 2004 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 2 large whole eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 6 ounces white chocolate chips], title: Chocolate, ChocolateChip Cookies, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 38743: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nAdd a drizzle of EVOO to a small skillet and toast the panko and bread crumbs until golden. Remove and cool.nIn a food processor, pulsechop the fish into very fine pieces, then transfer to a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nOn a cutting board, chop the parsley, then add the lemon zest and garlic and continue chopping these together to form a gremolata. Add the gremolata to the fish, along with the egg, onion, tomato, 3 tablespoons EVOO, and cooled bread crumbs. Mix to combine.nUse a 2ounce scoop or spoon out about 2 rounded tablespoons of the swordfish mixture and roll one test ball about the size of an oversize walnut. Roast for 10 to 12 minutes to taste for seasoning. Adjust the seasonings, if necessary, then roll the remaining balls and roast until opaque, cooked through, and lightly golden at the edges, 10 to 12 minutes.nServe with Arugula Pistou on the side.nAdd the lemon juice, arugula, olive oil, and garlic to a high powered blender and blend until smooth. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 tablespoons EVOO, plus more to toast panko and bread crumbs, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 12 cup bread crumbs, 1 14 to 1 12 pounds swordfish trimmed weight, all skin and bloodlines removed, coarsely chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 cup loosely packed fresh flatleaf parsley tops, Grated zest of 2 organic lemons, 3 or 4 cloves garlic to taste, finely chopped, 1 large freerange organic egg, beaten, 3 tablespoons grated red onion, 1 plum tomato, seeded and finely chopped, Arugula Pistou, recipe follows, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 handfuls arugula, 14 cup olive oil, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, Salt and pepper], title: Swordfish Polpette with Arugula Pistou, picturelink: G4t0iI0J2tyezN3P6vEBKYzYq1tPjDW}, 38744: {instructions: Place cream and 1 12 cups sugar into standing mixer and whip to stiff peaks. Place bowl in refrigerator and let chill. Beat egg yolks and the mascarpone cheese with 12 tablespoon sugar until very thick, about 3 minutes. Place in refrigerator and let chill. Whip the egg whites, cream of tartar and remaining 12 tablespoon sugar to stiff peaks. Chill in refrigerator. In a large bowl combine espresso coffee, frangelica and amaretto. Dip ladyfingers, 1 at a time into coffeeliquor mixture and line bottom of baking pan with 1 layer ladyfingers. Top with alternating layers of eggyolk mascarpone mixture, whipped cream mixture and whipped egg whites. Sprinkle with cocoa powder through a sifter. Repeat layering, starting with soaked ladyfingers. Sprinkle the top with cocoa powder until dark brown. Place in refrigerator for 10 to 12 hours., ingredients: [1 12 quarts 40 percent heavy cream, 1 12 cups plus 1 tablespoon super fine sugar, 9 eggs, separated, 12 pound mascarpone, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 16 ounces coffee, made from 6 teaspoons ground espresso, 3 ounces Frangelica, 3 ounces Amaretto, 50 lady fingers, 8 ounces cocoa powder], title: Tiramisu, picturelink: null}, 38745: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the potatoes into chunky matchsticks and put on a baking sheet, you can peel the potatoes or leave the skin on. Pat the potatoes dry with a paper towel. Drizzle with oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the seasoning mixture and toss with your hands until fully coated. Spread the fries out in a single layer.nBake until the inside is tender and the outside is crisp, about 30 to 45 minutes. Transfer the fries to a serving bowl or platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [Russet potatoes, Vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Seasoning mixture: coriander, paprika, salt and pepper, seafood boil, garlic powder and cayenne], title: No Recipe Recipe: Oven Fries, picturelink: lp1aY1N3LQzUAVWBjDiSkUMn05mACZe}, 38746: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Spray cookie sheets with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE cake mix and shortening in a medium bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until coarse meal forms. Add water, egg and 23 cup pecans, mixing on low until dough comes together.nSHAPE dough into fortytwo 1inch balls. Place 2 inches apart on prepared cookie sheets. Spray bottom of a cup with nostick cooking spray. Flatten dough to 2inches in diameter, spraying cup as needed.nCOMBINE sugar and finely chopped nuts in a small bowl. Brush unbaked cookies with egg white. Sprinkle with sugarpecan mixture.nBAKE 6 to 8 minutes or until edges are light golden brown. Cool 1 minute. Remove to cooling rack., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Butter NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 18.25 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Reduced Sugar Yellow Cake, 13 stick Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks or 13 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening, 14 cup cold water, 1 large egg, 23 cup chopped pecans, 2 tbsps. sugar, 14 cup finely chopped pecans, 1 large egg white, beaten], title: Butter Pecan Crisps, picturelink: null}, 38747: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 tablespoons of canola oil in a wok over high heat. Add the beaten eggs and fry until they are fully cooked. Transfer them to plate. Add the remaining oil, ginger, garlic, carrot, and celery, and stirfry for 2 minutes. Add the sausage and half of the scallions and cook for 1 minute. Add the cooked rice, soy sauce and rice wine vinegar. Stirfry until the rice is hot, about 2 minutes. Stir in the reserved eggs and transfer to a serving dish. Garnish with the remaining scallions and serve., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, divided, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon chopped ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 carrot, finely diced, 2 stalks celery, finely diced, 3 links Chinese sausage, sliced, 1 small bunch scallions, sliced, divided, 4 cups cooked white rice, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar], title: Fried Rice with Chinese Sausage, picturelink: MycvZFzfNo7yQr3y4jQ8eWHrhy2hXky}, 38748: {instructions: Parcook the potatoes: Place in a pot of water and boil until forktender let cool. Slice each potato lengthwise into eighths.nPreheat a grill to medium or place a castiron grill pan over medium heat. Mix 1 tablespoon salt, the lime zest and cayenne in a small bowl.nBrush the potato wedges with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on all sides including the skin and just cooked through, about 1 12 minutes per side. Transfer to a platter immediately season with the salt mixture and sprinkle with cilantro.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [3 sweet potatoes, unpeeled, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons finely grated lime zest, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 14 cup canola oil, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro], title: Grilled Sweet Potatoes with Lime and Cilantro, picturelink: tMOELwQuKcV1Kuxp.FRRtuM1c0nIyp.}, 38749: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a gas grill to mediumhigh heat or prepare a charcoal grill with a mediumhot fire.nSpray a 12 by 12inch square of heavyduty aluminum foil with cooking spray. Place the salmon, skinside down, on the center of the foil. Sprinkle the salmon with salt and pepper and sprinkle the Italian seasoning and coriander over the top. Put 1 tablespoon of butter on top of each fillet and place 2 half slices of lemon on each. Wrap the salmon tightly in the foil, place on the grill, and cook for 10 minutes.nRemove the salmon from the grill and open the foil packet to allow the steam to escape. Let stand until cool enough to handle. Reserving any cooking liquid in the foil packet, transfer the salmon to a small bowl and using a fork, flake it into large pieces discard the skin.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the linguini until al dente, according to the package instructions. Put the peas in a large mixing bowl, drain the pasta and pour it over the peas in the bowl. The heat from the pasta will cook the peas. Add the reserved cooking liquid from the salmon to the bowl along with the tomatoes, capers and lemon zest.nIn a small bowl, whisk the lemon juice, olive oil and mustard together until thick and emulsified pour the dressing over the pasta and toss well to coat. Add the flaked salmon and dill, and toss gently until combined. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if necessary.nTransfer the pasta to a serving platter, garnish with chopped parsley and lemon slices, and serve immediately., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, Two 4ounce skinon salmon fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 2 lemon slices, halved, plus more for garnish, 8 ounces fresh linguini, 12 cup frozen peas, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered, 2 tablespoons drained brined capers, Grated zest and juice of 1 whole lemon, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon minced fresh dill, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish, optional], title: Salmon and Veggie Linguini  Sal Monguini, picturelink: UcOKvqUbq0yD.1sVliuXhBJ3Bgpc0eu}, 38750: {instructions: Grease a 9by13inch baking dish with butter or cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, whisk the halfandhalf, milk, granulated sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, salt, hot chocolate mix, whole eggs and egg yolks. Stir in the bread cubes until evenly coated. Stir in the chocolate chips and marshmallows. Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake until golden brown, 55 minutes to 1 hour. Let stand 10 minutes before cutting. Serve dusted with confectioners sugar and a dollop of whipped cream., ingredients: [Butter or nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the baking dish, 3 cups halfandhalf, 3 cups whole milk, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 packets hot chocolate mix, 3 large eggs plus 6 large egg yolks, 1 loaf country white bread, cut into 1 12inch cubes, 12 ounces chocolate chips, 2 cups mini marshmallows, Confectioners sugar and whipped cream, for serving], title: Hot Chocolate Bread Pudding, picturelink: VSFV7Msol0vLvP5ka3TgDppuqfWgdF2}, 38751: {instructions: Special equipment: 16 lollipop or popsicle sticksnBake cookies according to package directions. Immediately after removing from oven, insert a lollipop stick into 1 end of each cookie. Place on a rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, divide icing into as many small bowls as you wish to color. Mix desired food coloring into each bowl.nIce the cookies in different colors and decorate with candy, and sprinkles., ingredients: [2 1 pound tubs prepared vanilla frosting, Assorted food coloring, liquid or gel, 12 cup multicolored sprinkles, 12 cup mini jelly beans, 12 cup mini chocolate morsels, 12 cup chocolatecovered candies such as: M  Ms, 12 cup edible silver sprinkles, 1 18ounce tube prepared sliceandbake sugar cookies], title: Christinas Cookie Pops, picturelink: null}, 38752: {instructions: For the vinaigrette, combine the lemon juice, olive oil, lemon zest and salt and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Whisk until combined. Set aside.nIn a large pot, bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans and cook for 4 minutes. Drain and place the beans in a serving dish. Toss with the vinaigrette and almonds and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Zest of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds green beans, trimmed and halved, 12 cup toasted sliced almonds], title: Green Beans with Lemon Vinaigrette and Almonds, picturelink: null}, 38753: {instructions: Special equipment: mandolinenFor the marinade:nCombine all marinade ingredients except for olive oil in the blender. Blend until well combined and slowly drizzle in olive oil. Pour into a bowl and reserve.nFor assembly:nIn a nonreactive mixing bowl combine the scallops, scallions, onion, peppers, cilantro, and parsley with the marinade. Dress the avocado lightly with some of the leftover marinade. Allow to marinate, covered in the refrigerator, for 2 hours. Place the greens on a large serving plate. Using a slotted spoon, remove the ceviche and place on top of the greens leaving some of the marinade behind. Place the avocado over the greens. Fold the sliced radishes into the ceviche. Drizzle a little of the marinade over the plate and serve., ingredients: [3 grapefruit, zested and juiced, 3 lemons, zested and juiced, 1 teaspoon gray salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 1 serrano chili, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound fresh bay scallops, 4 scallions, white and light green parts only, sliced thin, 12 cup minced red onion, 12 cup small diced red bell peppers, 1 12 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped Italian parsley leaves, 6 cups baby salad greens, 3 avocados, peeled and medium diced, 2 English breakfast radishes, sliced thinly on mandoline], title: Bay Scallop and Grapefruit Ceviche with Avocado and Radish, picturelink: Yflu5Jlozu4muhUgk9UzSMKx2ZmPK}, 38754: {instructions: Soak the mushrooms: Place the porcini in warm water soak for 15 minutes. Drain, reserving the liquid, then chop the porcini. Start a large pot of salted water boiling for your pasta.nSaute the onions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook gently to sweat, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and rosemary and cook for about a minute, or until the garlic is lightly browned.nAdd the veal and pork: Stir in the meat, breaking it up with a wooden spoon. Cook 2 minutes season with salt and pepper. Add the mushrooms cook for about 4 minutes to caramelize the meat. Meanwhile, boil the pasta.nFinish the sauce: Add the wine and 2 tablespoons porcini juice cook for 1 minute to evaporate. Add the stock and parsley cook for 2 minutes. Add the marinara and 14 cup pasta cooking water simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Toss with cooked pasta and the parmesan. Garnish with more cheese.nPhotograph by James Baigrie, ingredients: [4 to 6 dried porcini mushrooms, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup chopped onions, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 8 ounces 1 cup ground veal, 4 ounces 12 cup ground pork, Salt preferably gray sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup white wine, 34 cup veal stock or quality chicken stock, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup marinara sauce or tomato puree, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, plus more for garnish], title: Quick Bolognese, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}, 38755: {instructions: Special equipment: Cocktail shakernFor the rosemary simple syrup: Combine the sugar, 34 cup water and the rosemary sprigs in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring and muddling the rosemary with a wooden spoon, until the sugar has completely dissolved, about 1 minute. Take off the heat and cool to room temperature. Strain into a small container. The syrup can be kept refrigerated in an airtight container up to 2 weeks.nFor the rosemary gin fizz: Combine the gin, lemon juice, lime juice and 2 tablespoons simple syrup in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously, then strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Top off with the seltzer and garnish with the rosemary sprig., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 4 rosemary sprigs, 14 cup gin, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, About 14 cup seltzer, 1 small rosemary sprig], title: Rosemary Gin Fizz, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 38756: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Rinse the fish under cold water and pat dry. Rub inside and out with 1 tablespoon salt. Lay the fish on an oiled baking dish.n2. Lay the orange slices over the fish and brush lightly with oil. In a small bowl, whisk together 5 tablespoons olive oil, the garlic, orange juice, sumac, and cinnamon. Pour half over the fish. Bake until the fish is opaque inside, 30 to 40 minutes, drizzling a tablespoon of the remaining marinade over the fish a few times during cooking.n3. Serve the fish on a large platter and pour the pan juices over the top. Sprinkle more sumac over the fish and the platter and serve with saffron rice., ingredients: [1 2pound sea bass, cleaned and gutted, fins trimmed, Kosher salt, 5 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing, 2 oranges, sliced into 18inch thick rounds, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 tablespoons orange juice, 2 tablespoons dried sumac, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Cooked saffron rice, for serving], title: Whole Roasted Fish with Orange, Cinnamon, and Sumac, picturelink: null}, 38757: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large pan over medium heat, add oil and onion. Saute onion until soft, but not brown. Add ground lamb to pan and continue cooking for 12 minutes or until cooked through and browned. Season with salt and pepper. In a separate, small pan over medium low heat add 2 tablespoons butter and corn kernels. Cook for 3 minutes and season with salt and pepper.nCut butternut squash in half and place skin side down on a baking pan. Roast the butternut squash for approximately 40 minutes at 400 degrees F or until very soft. When finished, cool slightly and scoop out meat from the skin with a large spoon. In a bowl, mash the butternut squash and add 2 tablespoons of butter and 1 tablespoon brown sugar. Season with salt and pepper, place aside.nPeel potatoes and place in a large pot. Add enough cold water to cover potatoes by 1 inch. Put pot, covered over high heat and bring to a boil until a thin bladed knife or toothpick can be inserted easily, about 15 minutes. Drain and mash potatoes with 4 tablespoons of butter and 14 sour cream. Season with salt and pepper and put aside.nCut acorn squash in half the long way and remove seeds with a spoon. Cut a small piece off the back of the squash so it will lay flat on a baking sheet. Roast cut side up for 40 minutes at 400 degrees F until soft.nTo assemble, place equal amounts of corn in each acorn squash to form the first layer. To create the second and third layers, place a generous amount of ground lamb and butternut squash on top of the corn. Top with mashed potatoes using either a spoon or pastry bag and pipe. Place filled squash on baking sheet pan and roast in the oven for 20 minutes at 400 degrees F or until potatoes are browned. Serve hot with brown gravy., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive or canola oil, 1 pound ground lamb, 5 large russet potatoes, 8 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 medium red onion, diced, 2 16ounce cans corn, or the kernels from 6 fresh ears, 1 large butternut squash, 4 cups sour cream, 3 large acorn squash, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Brown gravy, for serving], title: Shepherds Pie in a HalfRoasted Squash, picturelink: null}, 38758: {instructions: Put half of the cantaloupe into a blender along with the yogurt and blend until smooth. Add the remaining cantaloupe and blend again until smooth. Pour into a large mixing bowl. Add the orange juice, honey, nutmeg, salt and cayenne and blend until well mixed. Pour into a soup tureen and chill at least 1 hour before serving. Garnish with fresh mint sprigs before setting out., ingredients: [1 cantaloupe, peeled, seeded and cut into chunks, 1 cup plain yogurt, 34 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, Generous pinch cayenne, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Chilled Melon Soup, picturelink: null}, 38759: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 10inch ovenproof skillet or 10inch deep dish pie pan with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE brown sugar and butter in small bowl, mixing well. Spread in prepared skillet. Arrange apple slices in spokelike pattern over brown sugar mixture. Place cranberries in center and along outside edge.nSTIR quick bread mix, oil, water and eggs in large bowl 50 to 75 strokes with spoon until mix is moistened. Spoon batter over fruit.nBAKE 35 to 40 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan 2 minutes. Invert cake onto serving plate. Cool 20 minutes. Serve warm or cool., ingredients: [12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 14 cup butter, melted, 1 large apple, peeled and sliced, 14 cup sweetened dried cranberries, 1 15.6 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Cranberry Quick Bread, 2 tbsps. Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 34 cup water, 2 large eggs], title: Apple Cranberry UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 38760: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat each salmon fillet on 1 side with the ground coriander and black pepper, and set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the Dijon mustard, soy sauce, chives, red onions, and rice wine vinegar. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Set aside. Cut the potatoes into 12inch cubes with the skins on. Blanch in very salty water and keep warm.nIn a small pot over medium heat add the blanched potatoes and dressing and bring to a slow simmer. Season with salt and pepper and keep aside.nWith a very hot skillet, sear the salmon, coriander side down, with a little olive oil. Cook on 1 side for approximately 1 to 2 minutes, and then flip over and place on a small oven proof platter to finish in the oven for about 5 minutes.nIn a bowl, mix the arugula with the lime juice, black pepper, and salt.nTo serve, spoon the warm potato salad on the center of each plate. Place the salmon fillets on top and add the arugula around the plate., ingredients: [4 5ounce salmon fillets, 2 tablespoons ground coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 3 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 ounce chopped chives, 1 red onion, sliced, 3 teaspoons rice wine vinegar, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces red Catskill cranberry potatoes, 8 ounces blue potatoes, 6 ounces arugula, 2 ounces lime juice, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Salt], title: Coriander Crusted Salmon on Warm Potato and Arugula, picturelink: null}, 38761: {instructions: For the coconut cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with cupcake liners.nWhisk 14 cup water, the cream of coconut, coconut extract, vanilla extract, egg whites and egg in a large bowl until combined.nMix the flour, shredded coconut, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer on low speed until combined, about 15 seconds. Add the butter 1 tablespoon at a time, continuing to beat on low speed until the mixture forms a ball, about 2 minutes. Stop the mixer and add half the cream of coconut mixture. Beat on low speed until the flour mixture is moistened, about 15 seconds. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat until the batter is light and fluffy, about 45 seconds. With the mixer still running, slowly add the remaining cream of coconut mixture. Stop the mixer and scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl. Beat on medium speed for 30 seconds.nFill the muffin cups twothirds full with batter. Bake until a toothpick inserted in centers of cupcakes comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes in the pan for 10 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack to cool completely before filling and frosting.nFor the mango filling: Whisk 14 cup juice, egg yolks and cornstarch until smooth in a small bowl. Boil the remaining 1 cup juice, granulated sugar and salt over mediumhigh heat in a saucepan. Slowly add half the hot liquid to the egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly. Add the egg yolk mixture back into the saucepan and reduce the heat to medium. Cook until the filling thickens and boils, stirring constantly. Strain the filling through a fine mesh sieve. Cool the filling before assembling the cupcakes. Yield: about 1 14 cups.nFor the orange cream cheese icing: Beat the cream cheese and butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until creamy. Add the confectioners sugar, 12 cup at a time, to desired consistency. Scrape down the bottom and sides of the bowl as necessary. Beat in the orange zest and vanilla extract until fully incorporated. Yield: 3 cups.nFor the garnish: Generously sprinkle the pineapple with sugar. Use a blow torch to caramelize the pineapple, or broil in the oven on low for 1 to 2 minutes, watching carefully so the sugar does not burn. Cool the pineapple before assembling the cupcakes.nCook the sweetened flaked coconut in a dry saute pan over low heat, stirring often, until the coconut browns slightly and smells fragrant. Cool the coconut before assembling the cupcakes.nTo assemble: Dig a small hole inside each of the cupcakes using a teaspoon. Fill each hole with the mango filing. Top with the orange cream cheese icing. Garnish with the caramelized pineapple and toasted coconut.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 cup cream of coconut, stirred before measuring, 12 teaspoon coconut extract, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 egg whites, lightly beaten, 1 egg, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup sweetened shredded coconut, coarsely ground in a food processor, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened and cut into tablespoons, 1 14 cups thick mango juice, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, Pinch kosher salt, One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 12 stick 4 tablespoons butter, softened, 2 to 3 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 thin squares fresh pineapple, Granulated sugar, for sprinkling, 34 cup sweetened flaked coconut], title: Tropical Honeymoon Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 38762: {instructions: For the Russianstyle dressing: In bowl, mix dressing of sour cream, relish, ketchup, chives, salt, and pepper.nFor the BBQ Brisket Sauce: Combine the ketchup Worcestershire sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, bay leaves, garlic, paprika, ground cloves, and black pepper in a small pot and reduce over low heat, 30 minutes. Cool and store for makeahead meal with cooked, sliced brisket.nWarm the sauerkraut in a small pan.nHeat a sandwich press or a large griddle pan over medium heat.nPlace a slice of Swiss cheese, folded to fit the bread, on 4 slices of bread, lightly buttered on one side and the buttered side facing out. Divide the meat among the sandwiches. Top the meat with some sauerkraut and another slice of cheese. Slather some dressing on the remaining sliced bread, lightly butter the side facing out.nPress the sammies on a sandwich press until the cheese melts or griddle the sandwiches until deeply golden on each side. Serve the sandwiches with halved deli pickles and salted radishes., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons prepared dill pickle relish, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 tablespoons cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 fresh bay leaves, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika, 13 palmful, A couple pinches ground cloves or allspice, Lots coarse black pepper, 1 12 pounds thinly sliced cooked beef brisket, 1 16ounce package prepared sauerkraut, rinsed and drained, 8 slices good quality marble rye bread or 4 wick rolls caraway and salt seeded buns, Softened butter, if using bread rather than rolls, 8 slices Swiss cheese recommended: Emmentaller, 4 big deli pickles, for serving, Radishes, halved and salted, for serving], title: BBQ Brisket Reuben Sandwiches, picturelink: 5R0JMBtL9mmDXyFt4JimBkw9q0OBCFS}, 38763: {instructions: Finely chopped fresh parsley, for servingHeat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet or Dutch oven.nSprinkle the duck legs with salt and pepper. Sear in the hot pan until golden brown and crisp, 10 minutes. Remove to a plate.nAdd the carrots, celery and onions, and saute until soft, 3 minutes. Add the thyme and garlic, and saute until fragrant, 1 minute.nAdd the red wine. Use the back of a wooden spoon to scrape up the browned bits from the duck this will add to the flavor of the finished sauce. Cook for 2 minutes, then stir in the tomatoes, some salt and pepper and bring to a gentle simmer. Add the seared duck back to the pan and cover. Simmer gently until the duck is extremely tender and falling off the bone, 1 hour and 30 minutes.nRemove to a casserole dish to cool. Remove the skin and bones and discard. Chop the meat finely and add it back into the tomato sauce, adding a half a cup of water if it looks dry, and simmer, covered for 40 minutes.nServe over Homemade Pappardelle. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil serve with freshly grated Parmesan and parsley.nAdd the flour and salt to the center of a large wooden board. Use your hands and make a well in the center of the mound. Whisk together the eggs and olive oil in a bowl and pour into the well. Use a fork to whisk the eggs into the flour, incorporating slowly into the rim of the flour until it is completely incorporated.nOnce incorporated, knead the pasta for about 8 minutes, adding just a bit more flour if the board is sticky. If the dough feels too dry, add a drop of water as you go. The dough should feel elastic, smooth and a bit sticky. Shape the pasta dough into a ball and wrap in plastic wrap. Let rest for at least 30 minutes to 1 hour at room temperature to let the gluten relax so rolling will be easier.nSet your pasta machine to the widest setting. Divide the dough into 4 pieces. Roll each piece out from the widest setting to the thinnest. Hand cut the pasta into pappardelle.nGather the strands together in your hands and shake loosely so they dont stick together. Toss with some semolina flour. Divide into portions on a sheet tray.nBring a pot of salted water to boil. Boil the pasta until al dente and drain, about 3 minutes. Yield: About 1 pound., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 5 duck legs and thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 celery stalk, finely chopped, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 cups red wine, One 28ounce can whole peeled pelati tomatoes, blended, Homemade Pappardelle, recipe follows, Extravirgin olive oil, for serving, Parmesan, for serving, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 34 teaspoon salt, 4 farm fresh eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, Semolina flour, for dusting], title: Duck Ragu, picturelink: null}, 38764: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. For the crust: In a food processor, blend ingredients until they resemble coarse meal. Press mixture into the bottom of a 13 by 9inch pan. Bake until set and golden, about 20 minutes. Cool. For the filling: In a bowl, beat eggs, sugar and lemon juice together. Add flour and baking powder, blending only long enough to incorporate. Pour filling into baked crust and bake until set, about 25 minutes. Cool. Dust with powdered sugar before cutting. Cut into squares., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, cut into small cubes, 4 eggs, 2 cups sugar, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Luscious Lemon Squares, picturelink: null}, 38765: {instructions: Make the garlicparsley butter: Puree the butter, parsley, shallots, lemon zest, roasted garlic and a little salt and pepper in a food processor until smooth.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Open the oysters with an oyster knife. Divide the oysters among small baking dishes lined with baguette slices. Place a heaping teaspoon of garlicparsley butter on each oyster. Roast the oysters until the butter is melted, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 12 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon roasted garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 24 oysters in the shell, 1 baguette, cut into 12inchthick slices], title: Roasted Oysters with GarlicParsley Butter, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 38766: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker half full of ice cubes. Pour all ingredients into shaker and shake well. Strain drink into a martini glass and garnish with whole almonds.nCooks Tip: Place a folded paper towel on a dessert plate and add 2 tablespoons of Amaretto. On another dessert plate, put 1 tablespoon crushed almonds. Rim the top of the martini glass with the Amaretto and crushed almonds, then pour the drink into the glass and serve., ingredients: [1 12 ounce Amaretto, 34ounce white Creme de Menthe, Whole almonds, for garnish], title: Amaretto Stinger, picturelink: null}, 38767: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nMake 8 1inch deep incisions on the top of the roast. Insert 1 piece of ginger into each incision. Season entire roast with salt and pepper and place in a roasting pan. Roast for 15 minutes then lower the heat to 350 degrees F. Roast the beef to an internal temperature of 130 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, for mediumrare, about 45 minutes.nRemove the beef from the pan, tent it with foil and allow to rest for 15 minutes.nPour or spoon out most of the oil from the roasting pan. Place the roasting pan over mediumhigh heat. Pour in the beef stock and the soy sauce. Scrape the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon or spatula to release the browned bits. Bring the liquid to a simmer and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes.nTo serve, slice the beef thinly and spoon warm sauce over top.nNote: A boneless rib roast is an excellent cut of beef for roasting. If you prefer to use a less expensive cut, you could substitute a sirloin tip or bottom round rump roast., ingredients: [1 3pound boneless rib roast, at room temperature see note, 8 slivers fresh ginger, Coarse salt and ground pepper, 1 12 cups beef stock, 14 cup soy sauce], title: Roast Beef with Ginger and Jus, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 38768: {instructions: Combine spiced rum, orange juice, lemon juice, lime juice, and sugar and reduce on high heat until syrupy. Slowly add butter until thick. Keep warm.nDip the conch in flour, then egg wash, then in bread crumbs. Cook on medium heat in canola oil until golden. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with citrus sauce and garnish with cilantro and fresh flowers if available., ingredients: [12 cup spiced rum, 12 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 tablespoons butter not necessary but very yummy, 2 to 4 pieces conch, per person, Flour, for dusting, 1 egg, beaten with 3 tablespoons water, for egg wash, Bread crumbs, Oil, for pan frying, Chopped cilantro, edible fresh flowers, for garnish], title: Crispy Pan Fried Bahamian Cracked Conch with Citrus Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38769: {instructions: Heat the sesame oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the sesame seeds and cook, stirring, until golden, about 1 minute. Stir in the rice, then add 1 34 cups water bring to a boil and cook until most of the water evaporates, about 8 minutes. Cover, reduce the heat to low and cook until tender, about 12 more minutes remove from the heat and let stand until ready to serve.nMeanwhile, preheat the broiler. Thread the pork onto 4 long metal skewers, leaving space between each piece season with salt and pepper. Place the asparagus on a baking sheet and toss with the vegetable oil and ponzu sauce. Push the asparagus to the side of the pan and add the pork skewers.nBroil the pork and asparagus, turning once or twice, until the pork is browned and cooked through and the asparagus is charred in spots, 8 to 10 minutes. Divide among plates and drizzle the pork with the pan juices serve with the sesame rice and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 12 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 14 cups jasmine or basmati rice, 1 12 pounds boneless pork loin, trimmed and cut into 1 12inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 bunches asparagus, trimmed, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 cup ponzu sauce, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Pork Kebabs With Sesame Rice, picturelink: t9jBvOfEzq4mS5vOnnZMPqphcVojHue}, 38770: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the butternut squash and saute until just starting to soften, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and onions and saute until fragrant and translucent, 2 minutes longer. Add the orzo and continue cooking another 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Pour in the wine and cook until absorbed.nGradually add the chicken broth while stirring. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook until the liquid is almost absorbed and the orzo is tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat.nStir in the Parmesan, halfandhalf and sage. Season with salt and pepper and serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups peeled, seeded and 12inchdiced butternut squash about 1 pound, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 small onion, diced, 1 12 cups orzo, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, Salt and cracked black pepper], title: Butternut Orzotto, picturelink: null}, 38771: {instructions: To Finish:nPut cream and vanilla bean in a saucepan over medium heat and scald. Place egg yolks and sugar in a bowl, and while whisking vigorously, slowly add 8 ounces of the hot cream mixture. Pour the yolks and cream mixture back into custard saucepan and return to high heat, whisking constantly for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat.nAdd the corn pudding, whisking to integrate all ingredients, and return to medium heat for 1 minute. At this point stop whisking and stir with a wooden spoon. Add a pinch of salt, to taste. Lower the heat to a simmer and let the foam calm down from whisking. Remove the vanilla bean and halve lengthwise. Scrape the vanilla seeds out of the pod and stir them into the custard.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace 7 shallow creme brulee tureens on a sheet tray and ladle the corn custard into the dishes each dish should be about 45 full. Put the tray in the oven and add about 12inch of water to the tray, creating a water bath. Bake for 40 minutes or until creme brulee is set to the consistency of custard. Remove from the oven and let cool to room temperature. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nPreheat the broiler.nSprinkle 14 teaspoon of sugar on top of each dish and put under broiler until sugar begins to brown and caramelizes. This should take about 1 minute, but watch closely so that the sugar doesnt burn. Remove from broiler and top with 6 arugula leaves and 5 slices of duck prosciutto on each serving. Sprinkle with chives.nWarm a medium saucepan over high heat. Add oil, onion, garlic, ginger, nutmeg, and corn, stirring until the onions and corn has begun to brown.nStir in the wine and continue cooking over high heat until wine is absorbed. Add milk, salt, and pepper bring to boil while stirring, then turn heat down and simmer for 5 minutes. Put mixture into a food processor in small batches and puree for about 1 to 2 minutes per batch. Take the pureed mixture and push it through a sieve or a strainer using a rubber spatula or the back of either a ladle or a large spoon. The goal is to strain out the skin of the corn kernels and onions in order to get as smooth a pudding as possible, so theres no break in texture between the pudding and the custard., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 13 of a fresh vanilla bean, 3 egg yolks, 18 cup sugar, 26 ounces corn pudding, recipe follows, Pinch salt, 1 34 teaspoons sugar, 42 mediumsized arugula leaves, cleaned and with stems removed, 35 thin slices duck proscuitto see note, Chopped chives, 1 tablespoon pure olive oil, 1 12 cups chopped red onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 18 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 6 cups frozen corn kernels, 12 cup white wine, 2 cups milk, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Corn Creme Brulee with Duck Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 38772: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a blender or food processor, combine all the olives, parsley, capers, thyme, and anchovies. Process until mixture forms a thick paste. Place chicken on prepared baking sheet. Top only 4 of the 8 chicken pieces with the olive tapenade mixture. Season the other 4 of the 8 chicken pieces with salt and pepper, to taste. Wrap garlic cloves in foil and place alongside chicken. Roast chicken and garlic for 25 minutes, until chicken is cooked through and garlic cloves are golden brown and tender.nMeanwhile, cook quinoa according to package directions. When liquid is absorbed, fold in red peppers, about 13 of the roasted garlic cloves and basil and season, to taste, with salt and black pepper.nServe half of the chicken and all of the quinoa with this meal and reserve extra chicken and extra garlic cloves for future meals., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup pitted kalamata olives, 1 cup green olives, 12 oilcured olives, pitted, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon drained capers, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 4 anchovy fillets, 8 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups peeled garlic cloves, 1 cup quinoa, 1 cup chopped roasted red peppers from waterpacked jar, 14 cup freshly chopped basil leaves], title: Olive Tapenade Crusted Chicken and Quinoa with Roasted Garlic, Roasted Red Peppers and Basil, picturelink: .IYXGY8JXoDxgBWZxtV9OmCq.dez6ne}, 38773: {instructions: Heat the peanut oil to 350 degrees F in a large castiron skillet.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the pineapple slices to get nice grill marks, about 2 minutes per side. Butter and grill the buns as well.nSet up a breading station of flour, eggs and panko seasoned with salt and pepper, in 3 separate shallow dishes. Dredge each mushroom cap in the flour first, then the egg and finally the panko. Fry the breaded mushrooms until golden brown and cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain on a baking sheet lined with a cooling rack or paper towels.nWhisk together the mayonnaise and teriyaki sauce in a small bowl.nFor the sandwich build: Spread some teriyaki mayo on the bottom and top halves of the buns. Top the bottom bun with a pineapple slice, a fried portobello mushroom cap, some onion slices and red lettuce leaf. Oh man, ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, enough to fill your skillet 1 to 112 inches deep, 4 round pineapple slices either fresh or canned, each justover a 14inch thick, Butter, for grilling, 4 onion rolls, split, buttered and griddled, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, beaten, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 portobello mushroom caps about 1 pound, gentlycleaned and gills removed, 12 cup Japanese mayonnaise or regular if you cant findit, 4 teaspoons teriyaki sauce, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 4 to 8 leaves red leaf lettuce], title: PankoCrusted Portabella Mushroom Burger, picturelink: dBo2M53u2U2rB0LrRRAo39XzoFAPbiS}, 38774: {instructions: Heat the coconut oil and chocolate over a double boiler of simmering water, stirring until melted. Turn off the heat and let cool for 5 minutes. Divide the ice cream among 3 bowls. Pour over the sauce it will harden immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coconut oil, 8 ounces dark, milk or bittersweet chocolate, broken into pieces, 1 pint ice cream], title: Chocolate Shell Sauce for Ice Cream, picturelink: yzoGFtss7LumqiPKJu3Uc2iIYWSzT2}, 38775: {instructions: 1. In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.n2. Add Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated. Cool slightly.n3. For each pilgrim hat, use cookie cutter to cut into pilgrim hat shape. Decorate with frosting andor candies. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS: In microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows or 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal or 6 cups Kelloggsu00ae Cocoa Krispiesu00ae cereal, Canned frosting andor decorating gel, Assorted candies], title: Pilgrim Hat Treatsandtrade, picturelink: 8U9psDdRrgL0lS1piYtFy4s5qQg5ySO}, 38776: {instructions: Combine water and bulgur in large saucepan. Heat to boiling, reduce heat and simmer, covered 35 to 40 minutes or until bulgur is tender but not mushy.nTransfer to large bowl cool to room temperature.nStir pineapple tidbits, pecans, basil, parsley and oil into bulgur. Serve at room temperature.nPer Serving: 309 calories, 13g fat 1g sat., 0mg cholesterol, 21mg sodium, 46g carbohydrate 9g dietary fiber, 16g sugars, 6g protein, 5 Vit A, 34 Vit C, 3 calcium, 10 iron, 6 potassium, 4 folate, ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 cup bulgur, 1 can 20 oz. DOLEu00ae Pineapple Tidbits or Pineapple Chunks, drained, 12 cup chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley, 112 teaspoons olive oil], title: Bulgur Wheat with Pineapple, Pecans and Basil, picturelink: MQktrC11vuTgfI8gW7Cjsp2qkzsD3H.}, 38777: {instructions: Add 2 eggs, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 teaspoons raspberry extract, and 12 cup peach liquid to cake mix. Bake 2 8inch cakes according to package directions.nLet cakes cool completely. Transfer cakes to inverted 9inch pie tins to function as a cake stand.nAdd remaining 12 teaspoon raspberry extract to 1 can of frosting. Stir thoroughly. Frost both cakes.nDivide remaining can of frosting between 2 mixing bowls. Add 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar to both. Add 7 drops of food coloring to each  red in 1, green in the other. Mix thoroughly and transfer to 2 plastic bags. Snip small corner off bags and use to pipe a decorative border around the base of the cakes  1 green, 1 pink. Decorate cake with green vines and pink flowers., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box yellow cake mix, 2 eggs, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons raspberry extract, divided recommended: McCormick, 12 cup liquid from canned peaches, 2 cans 16ounces white frosting recommended: Pillsbury Creamy Supreme, Food coloring, red and green, 6 tablespoons confectioners sugar], title: Grandma Lorraines Single Layer Birthday Cakes, picturelink: null}, 38778: {instructions: Lay out the radicchio leaves in a large bowl or platter. Add the tomatoes, avocados and onions. Lightly dress the salad with the lemon juice and oil. Toss to combine. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 small heads green radicchio, washed and dried, or baby romaine or escarole, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, cut into pieces, 1 ripe avocado, peeled and cut into bitesize pieces, 1 red onion, peeled, halved and thinly sliced, such as Tropea, 12 lemon, juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, for dressing about 14 cup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Debis Salad, picturelink: null}, 38779: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine crab cake mixture, artichoke hearts, spinach, sour cream, parsley, seasoning, and 14 cup of the Parmesan. Mix well.nTransfer mixture to a shallow baking dish and top with remaining parmesan cheese.nBake 10 to 12 minutes, until dip is hot and cheese is golden.nServe dip with pita wedges and vegetables on the side or crackers.nIn a large bowl, combine crabmeat, sour cream, oats, bread crumbs, Dijon mustard, crab boil seasoning, oregano, and black pepper. Gently mix ingredients together, being careful not to break up crabmeat., ingredients: [12 cup crab cake mixture, reserved from Crab Cakes OR see recipe below, 1 14ounce can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and well drained, 1 cup lowfat sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon saltfree garlic and herb seasoning, 12 cup grated Parmesan , divided, 2 pita pockets, cut into wedges, Assorted vegetables baby carrots, sliced zucchini, celery stalks, 12 ounces fresh lump crabmeat or an equal amount of canned lump crabmeat, 2 tablespoons lowfat sour cream, 2 14 teaspoons oats regular or quickcooking, 2 14 teaspoons seasoned dry bread crumbs, 34 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, Pinch ground black pepper, 12 teaspoons olive oil], title: Hot ArtichokeCrab Dip, picturelink: 2AQq9eADGM2jAOpUi97ehtQMSlureTS}, 38780: {instructions: Whether you choose the verdant, slushy, herby freshness of the allraw tomatillo salsa or the oilcolored, voluptuous, sweetsour richness of the roasted version, tomatillos are about brightening tang. The buzz of the fresh hot green chile adds thrill, all of which adds up to a condiment most of us simply dont want to live without.nFor the AllRaw version: Roughly chop the tomatillos and the chiles. In a blender or food processor, combine the tomatillos, chiles, cilantro and 14 cup water. Process to a coarse puree, then scrape into a serving dish. Rinse the onion under cold water, then shake to remove excess moisture. Stir into the salsa and season with salt, usually a generous 14 teaspoon.nFor the Roasted version:nPreheat a broiler.nRoast the tomatillos and chiles on a baking sheet 4 inches below a very hot broiler until darkly roasted, even blackened in spots, about 5 minutes. Flip them over and roast the other side, 4 to 5 minutes more will give you splotchyblack and blistered tomatillos and chiles. In a blender or food processor, combine the tomatillos and chiles, including all the delicious juice that has run onto the baking sheet. Add the cilantro and 14 cup water, blend to a coarse puree, and scrape into a serving dish. Rinse the onion under cold water, then shake to remove the excess moisture. Stir into the salsa and season with salt, usually a generous 14 teaspoon., ingredients: [8 ounces 5 to 6 medium tomatillos, husked and rinsed, Fresh hot green chiles, to taste roughly 2 serranos or 1 jalapeno, stemmed, 5 or 6 sprigs fresh cilantro thick stems removed, roughly chopped, Scant 14 cup finely chopped onion, Salt], title: Salsa Verde: Green Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 38781: {instructions: Cut nonstick baking parchment to fit your baking sheet. Stir togethernthe dry ingredients in a large bowl. Combine the corn syrup, brown sugar, and margarine in a 2 quart saucepan. Stir constantly over medium heat until margarine is melted. Pour the syrup mixture over the flour mixture. Stir well, usingnyour hands to mix as the dough becomes stiff. If you are using a heavyduty Kitchen Aidr mixer, the mixer can handle this dough lightweight mixers cannot. Chill the dough I hour or until it is about room temperature. Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Roll out the dough on nonstick baking parchment to a thickness of 18 inch. Using the patterns of your choice, cut out the necessary pieces. Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Smaller pieces should be baked separately from larger ones, as baking times will vary depending on size. Check for air bubbles during baking and poke them with a knife or skewer. When baking is done, slide the parchment with the hot gingerbread onto a cooling rack. Make sure all the pieces lie flatnSift the confectioners sugar. Place the egg whites in a mixer bowl. Add sugar and cream of tartar to egg whites while stirring. When all the sugar is incorporated, turn mixer to high and beat mixture until thick and very white. The icing should hold a stiff peak. The process takes about 5 to 7 minutes, longer if using a hand mid mixer. Cover the icing tightly with plastic wrap, as it dries very quickly. Use paste food colors to tint the icing. A tiny dot on a toothpick to a quarter cup of icing will make a nice pastel colorbut be sure to add it a little at a time. With practice you will learn how much to use to get the color intensity you want, ingredients: [6 34 cups flour, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoon ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups light corn syrup, 1 14 cups packed light brown sugar, 1 cup margerine, 1 pound confectioners sugar, 3 egg whites, at room temperature use large size, not jumbo size eggs, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: Gingerbread Dough Recipe, picturelink: null}, 38782: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPour olive oil into a large pot and place over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, tomato, peppers, cumin, coriander and chili powder. Cook the vegetables, stirring often, until translucent and soft, about 15 minutes.nAdd the corn and white beans to the pot and cook until heated through. Gently stir and season with salt and pepper. Add the butter and stir until melted. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 Roma tomato, diced, 1 red pepper, diced, 1 green pepper, diced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 2 10ounce boxes frozen corn kernels, thawed, 2 15ounce cans great Northern beans, drained, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 stick butter, cut into small pieces], title: Corn and White Bean Maque Choux, picturelink: g02wZrPcXU4aBpxghnifc1jFvkIRkIW}, 38783: {instructions: Place the avocados into a mixing bowl, which can double as a serving bowl. Using the back of a fork, mash the avocado until creamy.nNext, add the diced pineapple, tomatoes, cilantro, mint, onions, black pepper, cumin, salt, cayenne, lemon juice and lime juice. Stir to combine, and adjust the seasonings to taste.nServe immediately. If serving at a later time, squeeze extra lemon juice on the very top layer of the avocado, place in an airtight container and store in the refrigerator until serving time., ingredients: [2 avocados, peeled and pitted, 12 cup diced pineapple, 12 cup diced tomato, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, 14 cup diced red onion, 14 teaspoon sea salt, Pinch ground cayenne, Juice of 1 lemon, plus more if needed, Juice of 1 lime], title: Tropical Guacamole, picturelink: d.50.dYGTP3o3kQN4OT76TT3g7lwJO}, 38784: {}, 38785: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saucepan, bring some water to a boil, and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Find a heatproof mixing bowl that will fit over the top of the pan, but not sink it all the way in. Doityourself double boilernPut the egg yolks into the mixing bowl. Add 14 cup of the sugar and whisk until the yolks start to turn pale. Place the mixing bowl on the saucepan with the simmering water. Slowly add 12 cup of the marsala wine and whisk to combine. Cook over the simmering water, and use a rubber spatula to scrape the bowl. Cook until thick. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cool.nPlace the mascarpone cheese in a bowl and stir until smooth. In another mixing bowl, combine the whipping cream and remaining 4 tablespoons sugar and whip until not quite stiff. To the bowl of whipped cream, add the softened mascarpone cheese and the chilled egg yolk mixture. Fold the mixture gently. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours.nAdd the remaining 14 cup marsala and vanilla to the espresso. Arrange the ladyfingers in a single layer in a 9 by 13inch pan. Spoon a small amount of the espresso mixture over each ladyfinger keep it under 1 tablespoon per cookie and youll be fine. Plop onethird of the cold mascarpone mixture on top and spread it into a layer. Scatter with raspberries and grate over a thin layer of semisweet chocolate. Repeat the process two more times.nCover and refrigerate for a few hours before serving. This allows for more moisture to soften the cookies and the whole mixture to meld together.nTo serve, spoon out helpings onto individual plates.nCooks Note: Tiramisu does not last beyond 24 to 36 hours, as everything eventually starts to break down and become soupy., ingredients: [5 whole egg yolks, 14 cup plus 4 tablespoons sugar, 34 cup marsala wine, 1 pound mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup whipping heavy cream, 3 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups brewed espresso, Storebought ladyfingers, 2 cups fresh raspberries, 1 square semisweet chocolate, for grating], title: Raspberry Tiramisu, picturelink: kt5fdHWv4wEs.Ooukc5ZnJMTFFQYY5W}, 38786: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Melt butter in a baking pan. Snip off wing tips and discard or save for another use. Find joint and cut wings in two. Season wings with garlic salt and pepper. Place in pan and bake until golden brown, about 30  40 minutes. Pour Teriyaki sauce over golden wings and toss to coat. Bake for 20 minutes more, turning frequently. Serve with blue cheese dressing on side., ingredients: [12 stick of butter, 2 pounds precut chicken wings, Garlic salt, 1 12 cups Teriyaki sauce, Blue cheese dressing, Pepper], title: Teriyaki Wings, picturelink: null}, 38787: {instructions: Cook in boiling water or beer, 4 to 6 minutes.nOnion SaucenHeat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add 2 thinly sliced onions and cook, stirring, until soft, about 8 minutes. Stir in 2 tablespoons honey and 12 teaspoon each ground cinnamon and chili powder cook 1 minute. Add 12 cup water, 14 cup ketchup, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon kosher salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Simmer until thickened, 10 to 15 minutes.nSpicy Brown MustardnSauerkrautnPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: New York StreetCart Dog, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 38788: {instructions: Light the grill or make a charcoal fire. Bring 4 quarts of salted water to a boil in a large pot for cooking the pasta.nRemove and discard the green stems and the fronds from the fennel. Remove any blemished or tough layers from the fennel bulb but do not trim a thin slice from the base the base will help keep wedges intact. Slice the bulb crosswise from top to bottom into 12inchthick wedges.nPeel and quarter the onions, making both cuts through the top and bottom ends on the onions. Brush the fennel wedges and red onion quarters with 2 tablespoons oil. Generously season the vegetables with salt and pepper.nUse a stiff wire brush to scrape the hot grill clean. Grill the fennel and onions, carefully turning them once, until the vegetables are marked by dark stripes and are tender, about 15 minutes.nBriefly cool the grilled vegetables. Cut the fennel and onions into thin strips. In a large bowl, toss the grilled vegetables with the sundried tomatoes as well as the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, the vinegar and the basil. Taste for salt and pepper and adjust seasonings if necessary. The vegetables can be covered and set aside for up to 1 hour, if desired.nCook and drain the pasta. Toss the hot pasta with the grilled vegetables. Mix well and transfer portions to warm pasta bowls. Serve immediately with grated cheese passed separately., ingredients: [2 small fennel bulbs about 1 12 pounds, 2 small red onions about 12 pound, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 10 sundried tomatoes packed in olive oil, drained and cut into thin strips, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 cup minced fresh basil leaves, 1 pound pasta, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese to taste], title: Grilled Fennel and Red Onions with SunDried Tomatoes and Basil, picturelink: null}, 38789: {instructions: 1 Day Ahead: Make orange sauce Supreme orangesnMake potato rosettesnMake Chocolate Raspberry SoufflesnOn The Day: Roast duck. Reheat and finish orange sauce. Reheat potatoes and broil, ingredients: [], title: Game Plan: Special Occasion Dinner, picturelink: null}, 38790: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crisps:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a sheet tray with a silicone mat. Make 4 even, very thin circles of Parmigiano on the mat. Be sure that the circles are not touching. Bake 7 to 8 minutes or until the cheese has melted, turned golden brown and looks like lace. Remove the tray from the oven and let the crisps cool for about 1 minute. Using a spatula, remove the crisps from the silicone mat and reserve on a plate.nFor the salad:nFill your sink with cool water. Toss in all the salad greens and gently swish until all the dirt and grit falls to the bottom of the basin. Gently lift the greens out of the water and put in a salad spinner. If the greens are especially dirty empty the sink, rinse to rid of dirt and repeat the process. Spin the greens until they are dry and still very fresh looking. If not using the greens right away, store them wrapped loosely in paper towels then sealed in plastic bags in the crisper drawer of your refrigerator.nIn a large bowl, place the greens and herbs. Add the tomatoes, onions, and cucumbers. Drizzle in half of the oil and vinegar and season with salt. Using your hands, gently toss the salad to combine. Taste Add the remaining oil and vinegar, if needed and season again with salt, if needed you probably will. The salad should be very flavorful but not soggy.nArrange the salad on individual salad plates or bowls. Sprinkle each salad with the nuts and garnish with a Parmigiano crisp., ingredients: [1 cup grated Parmigiano, 4 cups salad greens, such as mesclun, arugula, red leaf, romaine or baby spinach, 1 cup mixed fresh herb leaves, such as parsley, basil, oregano, chives or cilantro, 1 cup grape tomatoes, cut in 12, 14 cup thinly sliced red onions, 12 cup cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced, 14 cup high quality extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Salt, 14 cup toasted chopped walnuts, sunflower seeds or chopped hazelnuts], title: Mixed Green Salad With Parmigiano Crisps, picturelink: iwRCKjatLHGS9VI15VA.ZC3SKKr7ZBa}, 38791: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large wooden salad bowl, mash the anchovies with a fork until they form a paste. Whisk in mustard and vinegar. Drizzle in the olive oil while whisking to create an emulsion. Adjust the seasonings with and salt and black pepper, to taste. Add the escarole, green onions and olives to the bowl and gently toss to coat the leaves with the dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 anchovies packed in oil, minced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 green onions, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped olives, of choice from olive bar], title: Escarole Salad with Anchovy Dressing, picturelink: Utohef9TLFrvTTppCvo7WobQBa5xO66}, 38792: {instructions: Cut 2 oranges and 4 lemons in half, scoop out the flesh, then put the rinds in a muffin tin to keep them level. Boil 1 12 cups water, add two 3ounce boxes orange gelatin, mix and cook, stirring, 3 minutes pour the mixture to the brim of each orange half. Repeat with two 3ounce boxes lemon gelatin and the lemon halves. Refrigerate 3 hours and slice into wedges.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Faux Fruit Slices, picturelink: PSK1LUqdfR.43q.7mnri4xxV3bNinYq}, 38793: {instructions: Stir 12 cup salsa, chicken, pepper and avocado in a large bowl. Stir the remaining salsa and sour cream in a small bowl.nSpread 14 cup sour cream mixture onto each tortilla to within 12 inch of the edge. Top each with 1 cup chicken mixture and 12 cup lettuce. Fold the sides of the tortillas over the filling and then fold up the ends to enclose the filling. Cut each wrap in half before serving., ingredients: [1 cup Paceu00ae Salsa Verde, 2 cups diced cooked chickens, 1 large red pepper, diced about 1 cup, 1 large avocado, diced about 1 cup, 12 cup sour cream, 4 flour tortillas 10inch, warmed, 2 cups shredded lettuce], title: Salsa Verde Chicken Wraps, picturelink: EIR3lPaSwXQAZSMjM47.deLFoaptBoS}, 38794: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lay the baguette slices on a large baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil and vinegar. Toast in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, turning them after 7 minutes. They are done when they are golden and crispy.nPut the cardamom, coriander, fennel seeds, paprika and salt on a plate or shallow dish and stir to combine. Roll the log of chevre in the spice mixture, making sure it is well coated. Slice the log thinly using a sharp knife or dental floss. Place a round of the coated chevre on each slice of baguette toast, and then put them back in the oven for about 2 minutes, until the cheese is warmed through., ingredients: [12 wholewheat baguette, sliced thinly on the bias, Olive oil, for drizzling, Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, 2 teaspoons cardamom seeds, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, A pinch of salt, 1 large log chevre, chilled], title: Crostini with Spiced Chevre, picturelink: null}, 38795: {instructions: To make the relish: In a straightsided skillet, saute the onions and bell peppers in the oil until onions are translucent. Add the vinegar, sugar, and port wine, and cook at a very low heat until liquid evaporates. Onions and peppers should still be a little firm to the bite but sweet and caramelized. Set aside.nTo cook the pork: Prepare the grill for grilling chops: high heat on left side, medium heat on right side. Drizzle the chops with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the chops on the grill and cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, using a inverted baking pan to keep chops covered during cooking. Move the chops to the right side of the grill and continue cooking over medium heat. Cook 4 minutes and then turn chops over to finish cooking, keeping covered for an additional 4 minutes. Cook to 150 degrees F internal temperature.nServe with the relish., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet red onion, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, ribs and seeds removed, thinly sliced, 1 green bell pepper, ribs and seeds removed, thinly sliced, 1 yellow bell pepper, ribs and seeds removed, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 cup ruby port wine, 4 8ounce bonein pork loin chops, about 1 to 1 12 inches thick, trimmed, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Pork Chops with Onion and Bell Pepper Relish, picturelink: null}, 38796: {instructions: In a bowl, mix 2 teaspoons salt with 2 cups water. Put in the chicken parts and let soak for 15 to 20 minutes. Drain. Mix together the flour, pepper and salt and batter the chicken by dipping the pieces in the flour mixture until they are coated on all sides, shaking off excess flour.nIn a skillet, over medium heat, heat the shortening. It should be at 350 degrees. If the shortening appears too hot, remove the skillet from the heat and let it cool a little. Brown the chicken on all sides, reducing the heat if needed as it cooks. It takes about 20 minutes to fry chicken for it to be well done., ingredients: [2 teaspoons salt, 2 cups water, 1 chicken fryer, cut into pieces, 1 12 cups selfrising flour, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups shortening], title: Country Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 38797: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil. Once hot add the minced garlic and the chili flakes, saute until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat. Add the white wine and stir. Add the chicken stock and the coconut milk. Give the rice a good stir and bring to a gentle boil. Once the rice just begins to boil, lower the heat and allow to simmer for about 20 minutes, until the rice is cooked and all the liquid has evaporated. Fluff with a fork and stir in the black eyed peas and the cilantro. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 cup basmati rice, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 34 cup coconut milk, 1 can black eyed peas, 2 tablespoons freshly minced cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Coconut Rice and Peas, picturelink: keRKLOKu0dNIuinAPGs0mo2h8W6mspa}, 38798: {instructions: Press the apples and lemon through the juicer, followed by the beets. Serve over ice, garnished with fresh fruit., ingredients: [4 winesap apples, or other firm apple, cut into wedges, 12 lemon with peel, cut into wedges, 5 medium beets, Grapes, orange wedges, or pineapple slices for garnish], title: Beet Sangria with Winesap Apples, picturelink: null}, 38799: {instructions: Bring a large pan of salted water to a boil, add sprouts, and cook them 2 minutes to blanch them. Drain and rinse them with cold water. Melt butter in a wok. Stir in the sprouts with a little salt and pepper, cover and turn the heat very low. Add salt and pepper and cook the sprouts, stirring them occasionally, at least 30 minutes and preferably longer.nAt the end of cooking, remove the lid, raise the heat and cook until the sprouts are dry and just start to brown. They should be meltingly tender and rich., ingredients: [1 pound Brussels sprouts, cleaned and trimmed if large, halve them, Salted water, 12 cup butter melted, Salt and pepper], title: Confit of Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 38800: {instructions: For the batter: combine eggs, cream, and bananas in a blender and mix until smooth. Add remaining ingredients and mix well. Remove to shallow dish for dipping the sliced brioche.nMake hole in center of brioche with a long, narrow object, and stuff with banana.nFor the banana compote: add all ingredients except cornstarch to a saucepan, bring to a boil and reduce heat to medium low, and simmer until banana is barely tender, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in cornstarch mixture, return to heat and let simmer until thick and clear, about 1 more minute. Transfer to a bowl and keep warm.nFor the maple butter: combine together in a food processor until smooth.nTo assemble the dish, slice the banana stuffed brioche loaf into 1 12 inch slices, dip into batter, and in a medium saute pan over medium heat cook the slices in butter until golden brown on both sides. Serve slices with the banana compote and maple butter., ingredients: [1 loaf brioche, 2 large bananas, 6 whole eggs, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 bananas, 2 tablespoons cinnamon, 1 tablespoon nutmeg, 12 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, 4 large bananas, chopped, 1 cup apple cider, 12 cup orange juice, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons currants, 1 orange zested, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, Salt to taste, 1 tablespoon of cornstarch, 8 ounces soft butter, 5 ounces maple syrup], title: Banana French Toast with Banana Compote and Maple Butter, picturelink: null}, 38801: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8inch round cake pan. Line the bottom with parchment paper and butter again. Dust with flourcocoa.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar and salt. In a saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Stir in the cocoa. Add the boiling water and allow the mixture to boil for 30 seconds, then turn off the heat. Add the flour mixture and stir lightly to cool.nIn a measuring cup, whisk together the buttermilk, baking soda, vanilla and egg. Stir the buttermilk mixture into the butterchocolate mixture. Pour into the prepared cake pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Let rest for 10 minutes in the pan, then remove the cake from the pan and let cool.nFor the pudding: While the cake is baking, make the pudding. In a medium pot over medium heat, add 12 cup sugar. Melt the sugar, swirling the pot occasionally. When the sugar gets to a medium amber color, remove from the heat. Keep your eye on this as it can go to burnt very quickly.nWhisk together the cornstarch, salt, 1 cup milk and the remaining 12 cup sugar. Slowly and carefully stir this mixture into the hot sugar. Return the pot to mediumlow heat and stir until the caramel is all melted and smooth. Whisk together the egg yolks and remaining 12 cup milk in a small bowl and stir that into the pot. Cook until the mixture begins to thicken. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter and vanilla. Strain into a bowl to remove any lumps. Press a piece of plastic wrap onto the surface of the pudding. Let cool, then refrigerate.nTo finish: Cut the cake in half and put the bottom piece onto a serving plate. Spread the pudding evenly over this layer. Sprinkle on a little salt and place the top piece over the pudding.nFor the glaze: In a small pot over medium heat, heat the cream but do not let it boil. Add the chocolate and stir until smooth. Stir in the vanilla.nPour the glaze over the top so that it drips down the sides of the cake. Let set a few minutes. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons salted butter, plus more for buttering the pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 heaping tablespoons cocoa, plus more for dusting, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup boiling water, 14 cup buttermilk, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, 1 12 cups whole milk, 2 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Bartlesville Cream Pie, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 38802: {instructions: Coat oxtail pieces with the flour and Cajun seasoning, and sear them in 2 tablespoons oil and remove from the pan. Degrease the pan, deglaze with tardio, and reserve for later use.nIn a separate pot, heat 1 tablespoon oil and caramelize the onions, carrot, celery, and frying peppers, then deglaze with the red wine. Add the oxtail to the vegetables and then the reserved tardio. Add in the tomatoes, chipotles, pisco, bay leaves, and thyme, and stew for approximately 3 hours.nSeason, to taste, with salt and pepper and serve with yellow rice., ingredients: [5 pounds oxtails, cut in 2inch thick rounds, 1 cup flour, 12 cup Cajun seasoning, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 cup tardio a sweet, late harvest wine made from the Torrentes grape, preferred brand, Santa Julia, 1 large Spanish onion, diced, 2 carrots, diced, 3 stalks celery, diced, 3 Italian frying peppers, cut into large pieces, 1 cup Malbec red wine, 1 10ounce can whole tomatoes, crushed by hand, 3 chipotle peppers in adobo, 1 cup pisco a Latin American grape brandy, similar to grappa, 3 bay leaves, 1 bunch thyme, leaves removed and chopped, Salt and pepper, Serving suggestions: yellow rice], title: Oxtail Stew: Rabo Encendido, picturelink: null}, 38803: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCut the meat with the grain into 12inch thick slices and season on both sides with the salt and pepper. Place the flour into a pie pan. Dredge the pieces of meat on both sides in the flour mixture. Tenderize the meat using a needling device, until each slice is 14inch thick. Dredge the slices on both sides once more and set aside.nAdd enough of the bacon drippings or vegetable oil to just cover the bottom of a 4 to 5quart Dutch oven set over mediumhigh heat. Once the oil begins to shimmer, add the steaks to the pan, being careful not to overcrowd. Cook until golden brown on both sides, approximately 2 minutes per side. Remove the steaks to a plate and repeat until all of the steaks have been browned.nRemove the last steaks from the pot and add the onions, garlic, and celery. Saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste and stir to combine. Next add the tomatoes, paprika, oregano, Worcestershire sauce and beef broth and stir to combine. Return the meat to the pot, submerging it in the liquid. Cover the pot and place it in the oven on the middle rack. Cook for 1 12 to 2 hours or until the meat is tender and falling apart., ingredients: [2 pounds beef bottom round, trimmed of excess fat, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup vegetable oil or bacon drippings, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 cups beef broth], title: Swiss Steak, picturelink: 7d5uslXbI2v9qYfZHfcl0DSL17SVM6}, 38804: {instructions: In a medium sized bowl, mix eggs, milk, cinnamon and vanilla. Wisk until well combined.nWith large teflon pan over medium heat, add one ounce of clarified butter. Then take one croissant at a time and dredge in egg mixture and grill cutside down first for approximately 3 minutes. Then carefully flip with a spatula. Do not press the croissant. After all croissants are cooked carefully shingle each croissant on a serving plate. Cover with a handful of fresh berries., ingredients: [6 eggs, cracked, 1 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon of cinnamon, 1 tablespoon of vanilla, Clarified butter, 4 large croissants, split, 1 pint blueberries, 1 pint strawberries], title: Croissant French Toast, picturelink: null}, 38805: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the turkey stock: Remove any meat from the turkey carcass and shred or roughly chop the meat so there are no large chunks. Refrigerate until ready to use.nPut the turkey carcass in a large pot with 10 cups of water feel free to use any leftover turkey stock in the place of water if you want to, the bay leaves, celery, bouillon cubes, carrots and onions. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and simmer for about 1 hour.nFor the gumbo: In a large Dutch oven over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the flour and reduce the heat to low. Cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture is chocolate brown, about 15 minutes. Do not let it burn. Stir in the onions, celery and green peppers and cook until the vegetables are soft, an additional 5 minutes.nStrain the turkey stock through a finemesh sieve and add it to the Dutch oven along with the reserved turkey meat and sausage. Bring the mixture back to a boil and lower to a simmer simmer for 1 hour.nStir in the Creole seasoning and season with salt and pepper. Serve with steamed rice., ingredients: [1 turkey carcass, 2 bay leaves, 2 celery stalks, diced, 2 chicken bouillon cubes, 1 carrot, roughly chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 yellow onions, diced, 2 celery stalks, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 pound smoked sausage, such as Kielbasa, sliced 14 inch thick, 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Steamed rice, for serving], title: Maxs Turkey Gumbo, picturelink: KlqGFMCI6CpA5dWI4a.NS47FJZnWya}, 38806: {instructions: Buns: When you are ready to bake, preheat the oven to 170 degrees F. Prepare 2 9 by 12inch rectangular baking dishes by spraying with nonstick oil spray.nIn a mixer fitted with a dough hook, mix together starter, granulated sugar, vegetable oil, salt, water, yeast and flour.nAfter mixing the dough for about 2 minutes, remove the dough to a bowl sprayed with nonstick oil.nCooks Note: If the dough mix is too loose, add more flour.nCover with a towel and let rise until doubled in size. The rising process will take 1 to 4 hours, depending on the altitude and weather at the time and place you are making the buns.nWhen doubled, dump the whole pile of dough onto a wellfloured surface and with a rolling pin manipulate the dough to make a rectangle about 14inch thick.nFilling: Melt 2 sticks of butter to where it is creamy and spreadable. Spread the butter onto the dough triangle making sure you spread thoroughly to all corners. Sprinkle brown sugar and then cinnamon over the butter making sure that the whole triangle is covered, corner to corner. Top with chopped pecans and raisins.nRoll the dough into a tight roll. Cut with a serrated knife into 2inch long rolls and place into the baking dishes.nCooks Note: If using the rectangle baking dish, snuggle the buns together as if they were trying to keep each other very warm. You might want to manipulate the size of the pan to make sure that the buns are very snug in the pan.nYou do not have to cover the rolls, but you need to let them rise in an oven set at 170 degrees F to proof until you see that they are almost but not quite doubled in size, about 40 to 50 minutes. When you see that they are at that point, turn the oven up to 350 degrees F. Bake for 25 minutes until you see that they are truly golden on the top.nCooks Note: A good test is when you take them out of the oven and push on the very center of a bun if it sinks inward easily and feels doughy, they will need 5 to 10 minutes more cooking time.nGlazeIcing: In a mixer beat powdered sugar and halfandhalf until smooth and without lumps. Take the buns out of the oven and put them on a wire rack. Immediately glaze them with a pastry brush. After glazing all of the buns, go back over and glaze once again.nCooks Note: If you desire, you can melt more butter on the top before serving. If warming buns after they are cool, 20 seconds in the microwave revives that incredible hotoutoftheoven taste. However, even cold, they are awesome.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [Nonstick oil spray, 1 cup yeast starter, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cups vegetable oil recommended: Mazola, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 12 cups hot tap water, 1 1 tablespoon package dry active yeast, 6 cups allpurpose flour recommended: Pillsbury, 2 sticks butter, 1 12 cups brown sugar, plus more if needed, 12 cup ground cinnamon, 1 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup raisins, 4 cups 10x powdered sugar, 34 cup halfandhalf], title: Cinnamon Buns, picturelink: N9onv8qknEoAZTvednY1HyFG3e7fL8.}, 38807: {}, 38808: {instructions: Heat the chicken broth in a medium saucepan and keep warm over low heat.nHeat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add 12 onion and 1 clove garlic, cook, stirring, until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the fresh mushrooms, herbs and butter. Saute for 3 to 5 minutes until lightly browned, season with salt and pepper. Drizzle in truffle oil then add the dried porcini mushrooms which were reconstituted in1 cup of warm chicken broth. Season again with salt and fresh cracked pepper. Saute 1 minute then remove from heat and set aside.nCoat a saucepan with remaining 2 tablespoons of oil. Saute the remaining 12 onion and garlic clove. Add the rice and stir quickly until it is wellcoated and opaque, 1 minute. This step cooks the starchy coating and prevents the grains from sticking. Stir in wine and cook until it is nearly all evaporated.nNow, with a ladle, add 1 cup of the warm broth and cook, stirring, until the rice has absorbed the liquid. Add the remaining broth, 1 cup at a time. Continue to cook and stir, allowing the rice to absorb each addition of broth before adding more. The risotto should be slightly firm and creamy, not mushy. Transfer the mushrooms to the rice mixture. Stir in Parmesan cheese, cook briefly until melted. Top with a drizzle of truffle oil and chopped parsley before serving., ingredients: [8 cups chicken broth, low sodium, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 onion, diced, divided, 2 garlic cloves, minced, divided, 1 pound fresh portobello and crimini mushrooms, sliced, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh Italian parsley, chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon truffle oil, 1ounce dried porcini mushrooms, wiped of grit, 2 cups Arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup fresh Parmesan cheese, grated, Fresh Italian parsley, for garnish], title: Mushroom Risotto, picturelink: iUIbFrvH5xElQ3MTGJkAI2kiiuZNxOu}, 38809: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a heatproof mixing bowl, add the chocolate, cream, and butter. Place over a smaller pot of simmering water. Be sure the water does not touch the bottom of the bowl. Stir until chocolate is melted. Stir in the chili powder and mix until fully incorporated.nHold each strawberry by the long stem and dip into the chocolate allowing the excess to drizzle back into the pan. Place chocolate covered strawberries on a parchment or waxed paper lined sheet tray. Once chocolate is cool, chill until fully set, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter, 18 teaspoon ground pure chili powder, such as ancho, 10 large strawberries with long stems], title: Chili ChocolateCovered Strawberries, picturelink: L5UfQbsXubEJGT02UROjB9cm1QQ4cu}, 38810: {instructions: In a medium pot over moderate heat saute garlic and mushrooms in extravirgin olive oil for 2 or 3 minutes. Add zucchini and onion to the pot and season vegetables with salt and pepper. Saute another 5 minutes. Add beans, cumin, tomato and chopped rosemary. Bring stew to a bubble, reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes.nHeat a nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add a thin layer of olive oil or vegetable oil to the pan, just enough to coat the bottom. Combine potatoes with onions and flour. Mix in shredded cheese. Spoon piles of potato and cheese mixture into the pan, making 3inch rounds, 1inch apart. Cook cakes until golden and crispy, about 4 minutes on each side. Remove cooked cakes and repeat process.nArrange cakes, 3 per person, on dinner plates and top with ladles of mushroom and zucchini stew., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 pound, 16 to 20, crimini mushrooms, halved, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan in a slow stream, 1 medium zucchini, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 medium onion, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 15ounce can chick peas, garbanzo beans, drained, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, in puree, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, finely chopped, 2 pounds all purpose potatoes, such as Russets, about 3 large potatoes, peeled and shredded, 1 small onion, grated, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups shredded smoked gouda cheese, the yield of an 8ounce piece, Olive or vegetable oil, for frying], title: Vegetable Stew with Potato and Cheese Pancakes, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 38811: {instructions: Slice mozzarella 14 inch thick, dredge in flour, egg, and bread crumbs, seasoned with salt and pepper. Heat a medium size skillet, add oil, panfry mozzarella slices, on medium high heat, for 1 minute, quickly to crispen the crust, without melting the cheese. Remove to a serving plate, deglaze the pan, with wine, add capers, take off heat and swirl with butter, spoon over slices of fried cheese. Garnish with fresh parsley., ingredients: [1 pound fresh Mozzarella, 1 cup flour, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 cup dried bread crumbs, 14 cup olive oil, White wine, 3 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon butter, Chopped parsley, garnish], title: Mozzarella Fritta, picturelink: null}, 38812: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 250 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nBeat the egg whites, cream of tartar and salt in a large clean dry bowl with a mixer on medium speed until foamy. Increase the speed to medium high and beat until thick and opaque, about 1 more minute. Gradually add the confectioners sugar, about 14 cup at a time, and beat until stiff shiny peaks form, about 5 more minutes.nTransfer the meringue to a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. Pipe twentyfour 2 12inch disks on the baking sheets, leaving space between each. Sprinkle with coarse sugar andor silver nonpareils bake at 250 degrees F until dry and crisp, 3 to 4 hours. Let cool completely on the baking sheets. Store in an airtight container in a dry place for up to 1 week.nFor the filling, combine the white chocolate chips and coconut oil in a microwavesafe bowl microwave, stirring every 30 seconds, until melted. Sandwich some white chocolate mixture and a lollipop stick between 2 cookies repeat to make 12 lollipops. Let set.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 large egg whites, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 14 cups confectioners sugar, Coarse sugar andor silver nonpareils, for sprinkling, 1 11ounce bag white chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon coconut oil or shortening], title: Meringue Lollipops, picturelink: x11QVucEiQOKQw8atjGsk68elGxe}, 38813: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook until soft, but not colored. Raise heat to high, add the stock and kale and toss to combine. Cover and cook for 5 minutes. Remove cover and continue to cook, stirring until all the liquid has evaporated. Season with salt and pepper to taste and add vinegar., ingredients: [1 12 pounds young kale, stems and leaves coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely sliced, 12 cup vegetable stock or water, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar], title: Sauteed Kale, picturelink: aSfS73WNm03CDuHSFNYvMJiZ3b3P7U6}, 38814: {instructions: Place 2 cups of the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in the bowl of a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on low until combined, then add the shortening and mix until worked in. Whisk together the buttermilk, egg and yolk, and vanilla in a small bowl and then add to the flour mixture and beat until smooth. Beat in remaining 1 cup flour until combined. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 6 hours.nTurn dough onto a floured surface and roll to 12inch thickness. Using a 3inch round cookie cutter, cut dough into rounds. Using a 1inch cookie cutter, cut hole from center of each round. Gather scraps and reroll dough, cutting additional doughnuts until dough is used up.nHeat 5 inches of oil in a large pot to 350 degrees F. Add doughnuts, 3 at a time, and fry until golden on both sides, turning once, about 4 to 5 minutes total. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels.nWhen doughnuts have cooled, dip tops of doughnuts in the mixture and place on baking racks until the praline sets up slightly. Sprinkle nuts on top.nCombine sugar, water, vanilla bean and seeds in a medium saucepan over high heat and cook until dark amber color. Remove from heat and slowly whisk in the cream, butter and salt. Return to the heat and whisk until smooth. Remove from the heat and whisk in the bourbon. Strain. Let cool until slightly thickened., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, divided, plus extra bench flour, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 34 cups buttermilk, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Vegetable oil, for frying, Bourbon Praline, recipe follows, 12 cup coarsely chopped pecans, toasted, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons bourbon], title: Southern Buttermilk Bourbon Praline Doughnuts, picturelink: d2i9YVMFv2HY5UNG7FfDpB1Ad3kZcO}, 38815: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and saute until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add cognac, bring to a boil, and reduce the liquid by half, 3 to 4 minutes. Lower the heat to medium, add cream and simmer 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and set aside. Bring the stock to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter with the oil in a deep, heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat with the butter and oil. Add simmering stock, 12 cup at a time, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Wait until liquid is almost completely absorbed before adding more. This process will take about 20 minutes. The rice should be just cooked and slightly chewy.nStir in the mushroom mixture and cheese. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and serve garnished with parsley., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 15 small white mushrooms  cleaned, trimmed and quartered, 23 cups cognac, 34 cup heavy cream, 7 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 medium shallots, peeled and minced, 1 34 cups arborio rice, 13 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Bens Cognac Risotto, picturelink: vsi26CCNtKGt7FfnQ1UboW7qAM.xVoa}, 38816: {instructions: Place baking mix in a shallow dish. Whisk together egg and enchilada sauce in a small bowl. Stir together tortilla crumbs and cilantro in a separate shallow dish.nDredge chicken pieces in baking mix dip in egg mixture, and dredge in crumb mixture. Cover chicken, and chill 30 minutes.nPour oil into a large skillet heat to 375 degrees F. Fry chicken, in batches, 3 minutes on each side or until brown. Drain on wire racks over paper towels. Serve chicken with ranch dressing or barbecue sauce., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose baking mix, 1 large egg, 12 cup enchilada sauce, 2 cups crushed spicy tortilla chips, 14 cup minced fresh cilantro leaves, 6 skinned and boned chicken breast halves, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 1 cup vegetable oil, Ranch dressing, Barbecue sauce], title: TexMex Chicken Crunchies, picturelink: null}, 38817: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the tea cake: Position a rack in the center of the oven preheat to 325 degrees F. Lightly spray a 9by13inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the cake flour, baking powder, salt and tea leaves. In a large bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, almond milk, sugar and vanilla.nPlace the egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form, about 2 minutes. Whisk the flour mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Using a rubber spatula, gently fold in the whipped egg whites, a little at a time, until all of the egg whites are incorporated and the batter is fluffy. Pour the batter into the prepared baking pan and gently smooth the top.nBake until the cake is puffed and golden and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Allow the cake to cool slightly while you prepare the milk syrup.nFor the milk syrup: In a large saucepan, combine the almond milk, condensed milk, salt and tea leaves bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat. Simmer until the mixture has thickened enough to coat the back of a spoon, 10 to 15 minutes. Strain through a finemesh sieve and set aside.nUse a fork or wooden skewer to poke 30 to 40 holes all over the top of the cake. Slowly pour the milk syrup over the surface of the cake. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours to allow the cake to absorb the cream.nFor the honeylemon whipped cream: In a medium bowl, whisk together the yogurt, honey and lemon zest. Use a spatula or spoon to gently spread the yogurt over the top of the cake.nRefrigerate until ready to serve. Garnish with candy fruit slices if desired., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 12 cups cake flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 tablespoons ground Earl Grey tea leaves, 6 large eggs, room temperature, separated, 12 cup almond milk, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups almond milk, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 tablespoon Earl Grey tea leaves, 2 cups Greek yogurt, such as Fage, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, from 1 lemon, Candy fruit slices, for garnish, optional], title: Milk and Honey Tea Cake, picturelink: 6Ci.28xdfuCrpSXrnkEUDQs2Aco1ZO}, 38818: {instructions: Load dough into pastry bag fitted with medium star tip. Heat oil to 375 degrees. Sift together cinnamon and sugar. Holding pastry bag above hot oil, gently squeeze bag and slice off 1inch sections of paste with paring knife. Pipe out only as many fritters as will fit comfortably in the oil. When fritters are golden, after 2 to 3 minutes, flip them over to cook the other side. Lift out of oil with slotted spoon and drain on layers of paper towels. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar mixture while still warm.nThe cinnamon sugar topping on these fritters is reminiscent of that used on Latin American beignets such as churros., ingredients: [1 recipe Basic Pate a Choux, Oil for deepfrying: 4 inches of neutral flavored vegetable oil in large heavy pot, 12 cup white sugar, 3 tablespoons cinnamon], title: Frying Paste to Form Fritters Pets de , picturelink: null}, 38819: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip a kitchen torchnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 12cup standard muffin tin with cooking spray and set aside. Whisk together the eggs and 1 cup heavy cream in a large bowl and sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Add the leftover stuffing and thoroughly combine. Set aside for about 20 minutes to let the stuffing absorb the cream and eggs.nDivide the stuffing mixture among the muffin cups in the prepared pan, using an ice cream scoop for a rounded top. Bake in the middle of the oven until the tops are golden and they spring back to the touch, about 15 minutes.nReheat the leftover mashed potatoes to very hot, then add to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Add the sour cream, melted butter and remaining 14 cup heavy cream. Whip on medium speed until light and fluffy, then season with salt and pepper. Transfer the potatoes to a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip.nPipe about 14 cup potatoes on the tops of each stuffing cupcake. Torch the tops of the cupcakes so the edges of the potatoes get toasty and a little charred. Garnish with chives and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 extralarge eggs, 1 14 cups heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups leftover stuffing, 2 12 cups leftover mashed potatoes, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons melted butter, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Stuffing Cupcakes, picturelink: 0TxUdBpueDEGz5Iioim9uyyOTF0Q5Ni}, 38820: {instructions: Place whole bananas in a hot skillet. Pour stout over the bananas and boil for 2 to 3 minutes, flipping the bananas over often. Cover bananas with brown sugar and let the sugar melt. Pour cream over bananas and let simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Serve with ice cream and chocolate sauce, if desired., ingredients: [4 medium bananas, peeled, 2 to 3 cups Irish stout, 12 to 34 cups brown sugar, 1 12 cups cream, Serving suggestion: ice cream and chocolate sauce], title: Bobs Bananas in Guinness Cream, picturelink: null}, 38821: {}, 38822: {instructions: Add the flour and salt to the center of a large wooden board. Use your hands and make a well in the center of the mound. Whisk together the eggs and olive oil in a bowl and pour into the well. Use a fork to whisk the eggs into the flour, incorporating slowly into the rim of the flour until it is completely incorporated.nOnce incorporated, knead the pasta for about 8 minutes, adding just a bit more flour if the board is sticky. If the dough feels too dry, add a drop of water as you go. The dough should feel elastic, smooth and a bit sticky. Shape the pasta dough into a ball and wrap in plastic wrap. Let rest for at least 30 minutes to 1 hour at room temperature to let the gluten relax so rolling will be easier.nSet your pasta machine to the widest setting. Divide the dough into 4 pieces. Roll each piece out from the widest setting to the thinnest. Hand cut the pasta into pappardelle.nGather the strands together in your hands and shake loosely so they dont stick together. Toss with some semolina flour. Divide into portions on a sheet tray.nBring a pot of salted water to boil. Boil the pasta until al dente and drain, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 34 teaspoon salt, 4 farm fresh eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, Semolina flour, for dusting], title: Homemade Pappardelle, picturelink: null}, 38823: {instructions: For the simple syrup: Heat the sugar, water, lime zest, and ginger in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat to boiling. Simmer for 3 to 4 minutes, and then remove from the heat. Add the lime juice and let the flavors infuse the syrup for at least 15 minutes while it cools. Strain the syrup, if you wish, and keep in the refrigerator until ready to use.nFor the drink: Rub a lime wedge around the lip of the glasses to moisten and then dip in salt or sugar to decorate the glasses, if desired. Pour 1 or 2 tablespoons of the lime syrup into each glass and top with sparkling water. Garnish with a wedge of lime.nCooks Note: Sparkling wine can be used instead of water, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 2 limes, zested and juiced, plus lime wedges for rimming the glasses and garnish, 1 12inch slice fresh ginger, Kosher salt or sugar, for rimming glasses optional, 24 ounces sparkling water], title: Lime Spritzer, picturelink: fROSFbO5e6BejMb4vlsrNV9osUrfvHu}, 38824: {instructions: Heat the oil in a Dutch oven to 375 degrees F. Fry 4 pieces of plantains until they float to the surface, about 2 minutes. Drain on a paper towel and repeat with the remaining 4 pieces. Using 2 wooden cutting boards or a heavy pan, flatten each piece of plantain. Refry each piece of flattened plantain, in batches, until golden, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and a little granulated garlic. Set aside on a paper towel.nFor the sandwich build: On the bottom of 4 fried plantains or tostones, place a slice of American cheese, a quarter of the ham, a quarter of the tomatoes and 1 lettuce leaf. Spread the Garlic Mayo on the top tostones and close. Cut in half on the bias. Pick up gently but bite aggressively.nIn a bowl, mix together the mayo, chili powder, cumin, garlic and a little salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [4 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 2 green plantains, cut in half and then halved lengthwise, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Granulated garlic, for seasoning, 4 slices American cheese, 1 pound goodquality boiled ham, thinly sliced, 1 beefsteak tomato, thinly sliced, 4 vibrant leaves iceberg lettuce, Garlic Mayo, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 clove garlic, minced or run through a press, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jamon Jibarito, picturelink: RRzs7w6nC4mGhQGdx78SEy5uu0AbVou}, 38825: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, whisk together sugar, cornstarch, cocoa, and salt. In a 4cup measuring cup, combine 1 14 cups heavy cream with milk and vanilla. Whisk 1 cup cream mixture into dry ingredients until cornstarch is completely dissolved. Whisk in remaining cream mixture until smooth.nPlace saucepan over medium heat. Cook, whisking constantly, until mixture comes to a boil and thickens, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add chocolate, and cook, whisking until chocolate is melted, about 1 minute. Remove from heat, and whisk in butter until melted. Using a 3ounce ladle, pour pudding into 6 dessert cups. Refrigerate until completely set, about 1 hour.nWhip remaining cup of heavy cream to soft peaks, and serve with the pudding., ingredients: [6 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 12 tablespoons cocoa powder, Pinch salt, 2 14 cups heavy cream, 1 14 cups milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 6 ounces bestquality semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: null}, 38826: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet, melt 2 tablespoons butter over high heat. Add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the juices have evaporated, about 10 minutes. Add the poblano strips, corn and garlic. Cook for 5 minutes to blend flavors.nFor the shrimp: Mix together the flour, salt, and pepper in a shallow bowl. Dredge the shrimp in the seasoned flour. In a medium skillet, melt the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp and cook until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Transfer the shrimp to the mushroom mixture. Add the wine and vegetable stock to the skillet and increase the heat to high, scraping up the brown bits that stick to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir until thickened.nPour the sauce over the shrimp and mushroom mixture and stir to coat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving dish and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cups about 8 ounces white button mushrooms, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 poblano chiles, charred, stemmed, seeded, and cut into 2inch by 14inch strips, 1 cup fresh, or frozen and thawed, corn kernels, 1 clove garlic, minced, 34 cup flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound large shrimp, deveined, tails intact, 14 cup dry white wine, 14 cup vegetable stock], title: Spicy Shrimp and Mushroom Casserole, picturelink: RZuwlr3ZMWUfTYik0E.EYC314O99r2}, 38827: {instructions: Heat oven to 325 degrees F and arrange racks in upper and lower third.nCombine flour and salt in a medium bowl and whisk until aerated and evenly combined set aside.nPut butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix over mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add sugar and vanilla and continue to mix until whipped and light, about 2 more minutes.nAdd half of the nuts and mix until evenly incorporated and nuts are broken up, about 1 minute. Add flour and mix until well combined, about 1 minute. Remove bowl from mixer and stir in remaining nuts.nShape dough into 1tablespoon balls and place on parchmentlined baking sheets, spaced at least 1 inch apart. Bake, rotating pans halfway through, until underside of cookies are brown, about 25 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool 5 minutes on baking sheets.nMeanwhile, put some powdered sugar in a medium bowl. After 5 minutes, roll the cookies in the powdered sugar until just coated and tap off excess. Let cool completely and recoat in powdered sugar, tapping off excess sugar, before serving., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon table salt, 2 sticks butter, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, plus additional for coating, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 34 cups hazelnuts, toasted and finely chopped], title: Hazelnut Tea Cookies, picturelink: null}, 38828: {instructions: Special equipment: a 10inch bundt pan, greased and flourednIn a large bowl, using a mixer, combine the butter and sugar until creamy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the flour and milk alternately, beginning and ending with the flour. Stir in the lemon extract. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan.nPlace the pan in a cold oven and set the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Bake cake for 1 hour. Increase the temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for 30 minutes more.nCool the cake in the pan for 10 minutes, and then turn out onto a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick butter, softened, 3 cups sugar, 5 eggs, 3 cups cake flour, 1 cup milk, 2 teaspoons lemon extract, Vanilla ice cream, Berries, for garnish], title: NeverFail Pound Cake, picturelink: N9onv8qknEoAZTvednY1HyFG3e7fL8.}, 38829: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the banana pieces in the freezer until frozen.nPut the frozen bananas in a blender and puree. Add the yogurt and peanut butter, then puree until smooth. Transfer the contents to a bowl and fold in the chocolatehazelnut spread until halfway incorporated. Return the contents to the freezer and freeze until ready to scoop. Serve cold., ingredients: [3 ripe bananas, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup Greek yogurt, 14 cup peanut butter, 12 cup chocolatehazelnut spread], title: Frozen Banana Yogurt with Peanut Butter and ChocolateHazelnut Swirl, picturelink: zUZBBA4o2e0RvvOgmxmyz4vWJB56FmK}, 38830: {instructions: Puree the pineapple and watermelon separately in a blender. Add a splash of lime juice and sugar to taste to each of the fruit purees. Fill tall glasses threequarters full with one of the fruit purees. Top each with 12 cup club soda, stir and serve., ingredients: [1 small ripe pineapple, chilled, peeled, cored and diced, 1 small ripe watermelon, chilled, rind removed, seeded and diced, Juice of 1 lime, plus 8 lime wedges for garnish, Superfine sugar, for sweetening, 4 cups limeflavored club soda, chilled], title: Sparkling Layered Aguas Frescas, picturelink: null}, 38831: {instructions: Toss all of the ingredients together in a large serving bowl. Serve immediately., ingredients: [10 cups sprouted organic mung beans, 1 bunch organically grown cilantro, leaves only, 12 cup organic lemon juice, 12 cup organic olive oil, 1 tablespoon muchi curry, Pinch organic cayenne pepper, 2 12 tablespoons organic raw soy sauce, 1 tablespoon minced organic garlic, 1 tablespoon organic stoneground mustard], title: Sprouted Mung Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 38832: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the water and farro in a medium saucepan. Add 2 teaspoons of salt. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, cover, and simmer until the farro is tender, about 30 minutes. Drain well, and then transfer to a large bowl to cool.nAdd the tomatoes, onion, chives, and parsley to the farro, and toss to combine.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the garlic, vinegar, salt, pepper, and olive oil. Add the vinaigrette to the salad and toss to coat.nThe salad can be refrigerated overnight. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [4 cups water, 10 ounces farro about 1 12 cups, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste, 1 pound tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 12 sweet onion recommended: Walla Walla chopped, 14 cup snipped fresh chives, 14 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Farro Salad with Tomatoes and Herbs, picturelink: 0KnvFQqpAID6AMvkmcntQDA3j01JRsO}, 38833: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor each drink, muddle 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 sage leaf and 2 plum quarters in a 2cup mason jar or glass until well pulverized. Add the juice of 12 lime, then toss in the juiced lime half. Add 2 ounces rum and some ice, then top with club soda. Add a straw and stir before serving., ingredients: [4 teaspoons granulated sugar, plus more if needed, 4 fresh sage leaves, 2 black plums, cut into quarters, 2 limes, halved, 8 ounces light rum, 2 cups club soda], title: Plum and Sage Mojitos, picturelink: ieBw4EN8sWZ5cdC655oNPm7bDiYlO6y}, 38834: {instructions: In a bowl with a whisk, whip the cream with the vanilla until mousselike it wont form peaks. Sift the remaining ingredients together and stir them into the cream to make a batter. Let the batter sit for 30 minutes.nHeat up waffle cone iron and brush with a little oil. Pour some batter in and close the lid to bake and brown. Open the iron and remove the browned batter and fold over itself, overlapping it, on a wooden coneform into a cone. Let cool then top with a scoop of ice cream., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups powdered sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch ground nutmeg, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, Oil, for the iron, Special equipment: Waffle cone iron wooden coneform], title: Waffle Cones, picturelink: 4k0PeZw7J8pCUudGN.annlSEZR1yIQq}, 38835: {instructions: Trim the ends off each onion then slice from end to end. Remove peel and finely slice into half moon shapes. Set electric skillet to 300 degrees and add butter. Once butter has melted add a layer of onions and sprinkle with a little salt. Repeat layering onions and salt until all onions are in the skillet. Do not try stirring until onions have sweated down for 15 to 20 minutes. After that, stir occasionally until onions are dark mahogany and reduced to approximately 2 cups. This should take 45 minutes to 1 hour. Do not worry about burning.nAdd enough wine to cover the onions and turn heat to high, reducing the wine to a syrup consistency. Add consume, chicken broth, apple cider and bouquet garni. Reduce heat and simmer 15 to 20 minutes.nPlace oven rack in top 13 of oven and heat broiler.nCut country bread in rounds large enough to fit mouth of oven safe soup crocks. Place the slices on a baking sheet and place under broiler for 1 minute.nSeason soup mixture with salt, pepper and cognac. Ladle soup into crocks leaving one inch to the lip. Place bread round, toasted side down, on top of soup and top with grated cheese. Broil until cheese is bubbly and golden, 1 to 2 minutes., ingredients: [10 sweet onions like Vidalias or a combination of sweet and red onions, 3 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt, 2 cups white wine, 10 ounces canned beef consume, 10 ounces chicken broth, 10 ounces apple cider unfiltered is best, Bouquet garni thyme sprigs, bay leaf and parsley, 1 loaf country style bread, Ground black pepper, Splash Cognac, optional, 1 cup grated Fontina or Gruyere cheese], title: French Onion Soup, picturelink: X9UlT8.T2oj1nOimx3AZvm9BQNlW4gi}, 38836: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325. Line a 15by10inch rimmed baking sheet with foil and coat with cooking spray.nMix the oats, peanuts, raisins, seeds, cinnamon, condensed milk and butter in a bowl. Spread evenly on the baking sheet and bake until golden, about 45 minutes. Cool slightly, then lift off the baking sheet using the foil and invert onto a cutting board. Peel off the foil and cut into bars. Wrap individually in plastic wrap.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 12 cups rolled or quickcooking oats, 1 cup dryroasted peanuts, 1 cup raisins, 1 cup sunflower seeds, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted], title: PeanutRaisin Granola Bars, picturelink: b9tLxn8nRnDxazSPQs6PQqKivPrqy.}, 38837: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 glass quart jars with lidsnBring the vinegar, 34 cup of the pickling liquid, the onions, 4 teaspoons salt, the mustard seeds, coriander seeds and sugar to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the salt and sugar. Reduce the heat, cover and let the brine simmer for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, pierce each egg all the way through about 6 times with a cake tester or toothpick. Put 3 eggs and 14 of the beets in each of 2 glass quart jars with lids. Ladle in enough brine to cover. Add 3 more eggs to each jar, divide the remaining beets between them and ladle in more brine to cover, leaving about 14 inch of space at the top. Close the jars, let cool to room temperature, then refrigerate for at least 24 hours before serving.nServe the eggs and beets halved or quartered, with some of the onions and pickling liquid spooned on top. The eggs will keep, covered by liquid and refrigerated, up to 5 days., ingredients: [2 14 cups distilled vinegar, 1 pound jarred or canned pickled baby beets, drained, pickling liquid reserved, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 hardboiled eggs, peeled], title: Beety Pickled Eggs, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 38838: {instructions: For the pitas: Heat olive oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add Jimmy DeanR Hearty Original Sausage Crumbles, oregano, and garlic and cook for 4 to 5 minutes or until sausage is hot, stirring frequently. Stir in lemon juice.nCombine spinach, tomatoes, cheese, olives, and pepper in large bowl.nFor the tzatziki sauce: Mix the sour cream, cucumber, mint, lemon juice, and salt until well blended cover. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nTo assemble: Fill pita halves with sausage mixture, then spinach mixture. Add onion slices, if desired and drizzle with tzatziki sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 9.6ounce package Jimmy DeanR Hearty Turkey Sausage Crumbles, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano or 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 cloves garlic, minced 2 teaspoons, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 cups baby spinach leaves about 3 ounces, coarsely chopped, 3 plum tomatoes, seeded, chopped, 13 cup chopped kalamata olives about 15 olives, 1 4ounce package crumbled feta cheese, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 pita bread rounds with pockets, cut in half, Red onion, thinly sliced, optional, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup chopped English cucumber, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Mediterranean Sausage Pitas with Tzatziki Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38839: {instructions: To make the roux: In a medium skillet, melt 3 tablespoons of butter over low heat. Add the olive oil then, using a wooden spoon, stir in the flour. Cook, stirring, until the mixture thickens and pulls from the sides of the pan. Remove the roux from the heat before it browns.nTo make the filling: In a large skillet, melt 3 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently, until the onion is soft, about 15 minutes. Add the roux to the onions then add 1 cup of chicken stock. Simmer the stock, stirring constantly, until it thickens, about 5 minutes. Add the parsley, chives, paprika and sundried tomatoes. Allow the sauce to return to a simmer, then stir in the sour cream. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer gently, stirring frequently, until the sauce reduces slightly. Season with salt and pepper and set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, season the chicken breast with salt and pepper and put it in a medium skillet. Add the remaining 2 cups of chicken stock, cover the skillet and poach the chicken over medium heat until cooked through, about 15 minutes. Uncover the skillet, raise the heat and simmer the chicken until the stock has evaporated. Allow the chicken to cool, then dice and add it to the cooled sauce. Refrigerate the filling until ready to use.nTo make the pierogi: Sift the flour with the salt into a mixing bowl. In separate bowl, beat the eggs with the sour cream and 1 cup of water. Gradually stir the egg mixture into the flour mixture. Turn the dough out onto a floured board and knead it until smooth. Roll the dough out about 14inch thick. Cut the dough into 3inch rounds. Place a spoonful of filling in the center of each round. Wet the edges of the dough, then fold and seal. Bring a large pot of salted water to a simmer over mediumhigh heat then reduce the heat to medium. Working in batches, drop the pierogi into the simmering water and cook until they float for several minutes. Drain well and serve warm accompanied by additional sour cream if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, diced, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped chives, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon chopped sundried tomatoes, 1 cup sour cream, 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast, Salt and pepper, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 14 cup sour cream, 1 cup water], title: Chicken Paprikash Pierogis, picturelink: d7UxleDr8GnNYjBCa8uYE0mHixpPGsW}, 38840: {instructions: In a large saucepan combine juices and bring to a boil. Add spelt berries, fresh thyme and beans. Simmer covered 1 12 hours.nIn a large heavy pot heat 12 of the oil, add onion and garlic and brown. Add peppers, chilies, tomatoes, and simmer for 20 minutes. Add corn, oregano, scallion, reserved thyme, and cumin and simmer for another 20 minutes. Add cooked beans and return to a simmer. While beans simmer, heat remaining oil in saute pan until smoking hot. Add mushrooms and saute 5 minutes. Add the Sauteed mushrooms to the chili bean mixture, stir well and simmer 20 minutes. Add cherries and serve., ingredients: [3 cups tomato juice, 3 cups orange juice, 1 cup spelt berries, 1 bunch fresh thyme, reserve 1 12 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 cups black beans dried, 14 cup peanut oil, 2 large onions diced, 8 cloves garlic minced, 2 large sweet green peppers, diced, 2 ancho chilies, minced, 1 chipotle chili, minced, 1 pasilla chili, minced, 14 habenaro chili, minced, 15 plum tomatoes, seeded and quartered, 2 cups fresh corn kernels, 3 tablespoons fresh chopped oregano, 1 bunch scallions diced, 3 tablespoons toasted cumin seeds, ground, 2 pound Chanterelles, cleaned and halved, 2 pounds Shiitake, cleaned and stems removed, 2 cups dried sour cherries], title: Chanterelle and Shiitake Black Bean Chili with Sour Cherries, picturelink: null}, 38841: {instructions: For the simple syrup: In a small saucepan, combine the thyme sprigs, sugar and 12 cup water. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool for at least 20 minutes.nCut the ends off one of the grapefruits and place cutside down on the counter. Using a paring knife, cut away the peel. Working over a small bowl or a large glass measuring cup to catch any juices, cut along the membrane on both sides of each segment and remove the segments. Place the grapefruit segments in 4 chilled champagne flutes. Squeeze the juice from the membranes into the bowl. Discard the membranes. Halve the remaining grapefruit and squeeze the juice into the bowl.nStrain the simple syrup and grapefruit juice into a small pitcher, pressing on the solids to extract as much liquid as possible. Add the prosecco.nPour into the prepared glasses and garnish with fresh thyme sprigs if using., ingredients: [1 packed cup about 12 ounce fresh thyme sprigs, 12 cup sugar, Two 1pound pink or red grapefruits, One 750 ml bottle prosecco, chilled, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, optional], title: Pink Grapefruit and Thyme Bellinis, picturelink: q3e89yTuSkctVTC81VPs2kChMSYE.GW}, 38842: {instructions: Toss 2 pounds whole mixed mushrooms, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Spread on a baking sheet and roast at 425 degrees F, stirring a few times, until tender and browned, 30 to 35 minutes. Cook 3 thinly sliced garlic cloves and 12 teaspoon smoked paprika in butter until soft toss with the mushrooms. Sprinkle with chopped parsley and salt.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Smoky Roasted Mushrooms, picturelink: bPYw7ebv6aAWIPogPayY.OV5deRstqW}, 38843: {instructions: Preheat approximately 2inches oil in large, heavy skillet to 325 degrees F. An electric fryer can be used.nSprinkle both sides of tomatoes with salt and pepper. Combine the cornmeal, flour and Creole seasoning in a shallow dish. Dredge the tomatoes in the cornmeal mixture and fry until golden brown. Remove from the oil and drain on paper towels.nFor the vinaigrette:nAdd the vinegar, sumac, and salt and pepper to a small bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until combined. Remove and reserve 4 tablespoons. In a large bowl, add enough arugula for 4 servings. Pour the vinaigrette over the arugula and toss. Divide the arugula on serving plates, arrange 2 to 3 fried green tomatoes on the arugula and top with equal amounts of crabmeat. Drizzle reserved vinaigrette over the crabmeat and sprinkle with ground sumac. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Canola, vegetable or peanut oil, 2 to 3 large green tomatoes, sliced 14 to 38inch thick, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup plain white cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons Creole seasoning recommended: Konriko, Baby arugula, Jumbo lump crabmeat, 4 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 2 teaspoons ground sumac, plus more for serving, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Fried Green Tomato and Crab Salad with Sumac Vinaigrette, picturelink: 7MxTEN6nnc3HDQYBzPO42UlNUBIXGui}, 38844: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray the wells of a 12cup shallow muffin tin with nonstick spray set aside.nIn a large bowl, stir the oats, pecans, sunflower seeds, honey, olive oil, 2 tablespoons of the maple syrup and a pinch of salt until completely combined. Press 2 heaping tablespoons in each well of the prepared muffin tin, pressing to go up the sides if you have additional granola, use an additional muffin tin. Bake until golden and crisp, 15 to 18 minutes. Let cool completely, then remove the granola cups from the muffin tin.nIn a medium bowl, whisk to combine the yogurt and remaining 2 tablespoons maple syrup. Fill each granola cup with about 2 tablespoons yogurt and top with the blueberries and a sprig of mint to serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the muffin tin, 1 12 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 12 cup pecans, coarsely chopped, 12 cup hulled raw sunflower seeds, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons maple syrup, Kosher salt, 2 cups Greek yogurt, 4 cups blueberries, 12 to 18 sprigs fresh mint], title: Granola Parfait Cups, picturelink: ItYUDUMZaMrKzEqy0f1KegyWIRl.JtC}, 38845: {instructions: Put all ingredients except lime zest in a pot and bring to a boil. Strain and pour into shallow pan. Place in freezer and every twenty minutes stir with a fork until ice crystals form and it is nice and fluffy. Candied lime zest: Cover the zest with cold water and bring to a boil. Strain zest and repeat process 3 times. After the fourth time add 1 cup water and 12 cup sugar and cook slowly until zest is soft. Remove zest to parchment paper and cool. Use as a garnish for the granita., ingredients: [1 cup of freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups of water, Candied lime zest, recipe follows, 5 limes zested, 1 cups water, 12 cup sugar], title: Lime Granita and Candied Lime Zest, picturelink: null}, 38846: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F line a cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners.nFor the caramel sauce: In a small, heavy saucepan, mix together the brown sugar, cream, vanilla and salt. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture thickens and browns. Set aside to cool. Reserve 14 cup for the cake batter and 12 cup for the frosting set aside the rest for drizzling on top of the cupcakes.nFor the cake batter: On an ungreased baking sheet, roast the cashews for 5 minutes cool and chop into pieces. Reserve 14 cup for the batter and set aside the rest for garnishing the cupcakes.nSift together the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Add the buttermilk, oil, orange zest, vanilla extract, eggs and the reserved 14 cup caramel sauce and 14 cup chopped cashews. Mix until smooth and completely combined.nPour the batter into the cupcake liners and bake until golden brown and risen, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool completely before frosting.nFor the caramel frosting: In a medium mixing bowl using an electric mixer, cream the butter. Add the confectioners sugar 14 cup at a time and mix until completely smooth. Add in the vanilla extract and reserved 12 cup caramel sauce and mix until combined.nTo assemble: Frost each cupcake with some of the caramel frosting. Drizzle the remaining caramel over the top of each cupcake and sprinkle with the remaining chopped cashews. Sprinkle with orange zest to taste. Serve immediately or store in an airtight container for up to 2 days., ingredients: [34 cup packed brown sugar, 13 cup whipping cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Pinch salt, 1 cup cashews, 1 14 cups cake flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup oil, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 3 13 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Grated orange zest, for garnish], title: Caramel Cashew Cupcake, picturelink: 21eMetWcAK663x5kwwXYjbj4ISltxei}, 38847: {instructions: Place 4 martini glasses or wine goblets in the refrigerator.nShuck the oysters. Place 6 oysters, with their juice, in each chilled glass. Fresh, cleaned oysters can be reserved in the refrigerator for up to 6 hours. Spoon the salsa into the glasses. Stir to combine. Sprinkle with the diced onion and cilantro and serve with squeezed lime wedges and Fried Tortilla Chips., ingredients: [24 raw oysters in their shells, scrubbed, 1 12 cups Spicy Cocktail Salsa recipe attached, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped, 1 lime, quartered, 4 Fried Tortillas Chips recipe attached, for garnish], title: Oyster Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 38848: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and saute until translucent and just golden, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat, transfer to a large bowl and allow to cool while preparing crust.nRemove 1 of the prepared pie crusts from the refrigerator, and place in an ungreased, 9inch pie plate. Shape the crust to fit the form of the pan with a 12inch overlap around the edge.nTo the onion mixture, add the ham, spinach, cheeses, 4 eggs plus 1 yolk, salt, and pepper, and mix well. Spread mixture into prepared crust. Cover with remaining pie crust crimp edges and score to vent. Brush with egg white and bake until golden brown, about 40 to 45 minutes. Let stand at least 15 minutes and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons oil, 1 large onion, diced about 2 12 cups, 2 9inch refrigerated, unbaked pie crusts a 15ounce package, 34 pound smoked ham, diced, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, 1 12 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 4 eggs, plus 1 yolk, slightly beaten, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked pepper, 1 egg white, lightly beaten], title: Riviera Egg Pie, picturelink: QoRWO28VYzwxO6J7FsRiB4UKcYeIhTe}, 38849: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a small saucepan. Add the couscous and saute for a minute or two to coat. Add the garlic and saute a few seconds, then add the broth, spice of choice cook for 2 minutes until the liquid appears absorbed. Remove from heat, fluff up with two forks, stir in the butter. Leave to steam, covered, 10 minutes, then season with salt and pepper. Or transfer to an ovenproof dish and finish steaming in a 375 oven for 5 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups couscous, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 cups chicken broth, 14 to 12 teaspoon of ground spice such as cumin, cinnamon or allspice, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Easy Way  2 of Making Couscous, picturelink: null}, 38850: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a cast iron skillet or large pan over medium heat. Season the chicken thighs with salt, pepper, to taste, and the paprika. Brown the chicken for a couple minutes on each side, then add the chorizo and brown for a couple minutes. Add the onions and garlic and cook for 5 minutes more. Stir in the wine to deglaze the pan, then add the tomatoes, peppers and parsley. Reduce the heat to a simmer.nIn a medium pot, bring the stock to a boil over high heat. Slowly add the polenta and whisk until thickened, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the butter and cheese, then spoon the polenta into shallow bowls and make a well in the center. Fill the polentalined bowls with the stew and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken thighs, trimmed and cut into chunks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons paprika or smoked paprika, 12 pound Spanish chorizo, sliced, 1 large onion, quartered then thinly sliced, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 cup white or red Rioja wine, 1 28ounce can stewed tomatoes, lightly drained, 12 cup sliced piquillo peppers, or chopped pimientos, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup grated Manchego cheese], title: Spanish Chicken Stew with Manchego Polenta, picturelink: 5c4ZwM7JcqukKxa1J.gRT6MQ6PyIu}, 38851: {instructions: Prepare an outdoor barbecue grill with good charcoal briquettes or wood chips stacked against one side of the grill and let them burn until ash white. Brush the salmon lightly with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nPlace the fish on the grill and begin to cook over indirect heat cooler part of the grill. Grill 2 to 3 minutes on each side until the salmon begins to develop grill marks.nBrush the fish with the barbecue sauce and cover the area where the fish was cooking with the reserved corn husks. Lay the fish on top and cover the fish with the remaining husks.nContinue to barbecue the fish in this manner until it reaches the desired donenessnWhile the fish is cooking lay the corn to the side on the grill and cook quickly. Cook the scallions in a similar fashion.nWhen the salmon has barbecued under the corn husks, remove and serve., ingredients: [1 to 2 pound salmon fillet, skin removed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus olive oil to brush on grill, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 cup Coffee Barbecue Sauce, 12 pound scallions, 4 ears of corn, husk and silk removed, reserve husk], title: Grilled Salmon with Coffee Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38852: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 425 degrees F. Combine the grapes, fennel, cubed bread and 1 teaspoon each olive oil, rosemary and salt in a large bowl toss to coat. Spread on a rimmed baking sheet roast on the upper oven rack until the grapes start to burst and the bread is golden, about 20 minutes. Set aside.nMeanwhile, slice the pork crosswise into 4 equal pieces. Turn each piece cutside up and press with your hand to flatten slightly. Transfer to a large bowl and add 1 teaspoon olive oil and the remaining 12 teaspoon rosemary season with salt and pepper and toss.nHeat the remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil in a medium ovenproof skillet over high heat. Add the pork and cook until browned, about 3 minutes per side. Add the butter, sage and shallot to the skillet. Cook until the shallot softens, about 1 minute.nAdd the chicken broth to the skillet. Transfer to the bottom oven rack and roast until a thermometer inserted sideways into the pork registers 145 degrees F, about 10 minutes. Serve the pork with the grapefennel mixture pour the pan juices over the top.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 cups seedless red grapes about 1 pound, 1 large bulb fennel, trimmed, halved and thinly sliced, 3 cups cubed multigrain bread about 4 ounces, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt, 1 large pork tenderloin about 1 12 pounds, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 1 shallot, chopped, 34 cup lowsodium chicken broth], title: Tuscan Pork with Fennel and Grapes, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 38853: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes in a pot with enough water to cover them. Add 1 tablespoon of salt, bring to a boil, and simmer for 15 to 30 minutes, depending on the size of the potatoes, just until tender when pierced with a small knife or skewer. Drain in a colander. Put a kitchen towel over the colander and allow the potatoes to steam for 10 minutes. When cool enough to handle, peel the potatoes and slice 12 inch thick. Place the potatoes in a mixing bowl.nMeanwhile, combine the mayonnaise, lemon juice, vinegar, 2 teaspoons salt, and the pepper. While the potatoes are still warm, pour the dressing over the potatoes and toss well. Add the scallions, red onion, tarragon, and dill and toss gently. Allow the salad tonsit for at least 30 minutes for the flavors to develop. Sprinkle with salt and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds medium Yukon Gold potatoes 6 to 8 potatoes, Kosher salt, 1 cup good mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons tarragon or white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped scallions, white and green parts, 3 tablespoons minced red onion, 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon leaves, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill], title: Tarragon Potato Salad, picturelink: zJc9DKsZ.8sJirYEy8B7B7DFSRXW9Vy}, 38854: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients into a pitcher filled with ice and stir. Serve in martini glasses., ingredients: [4 cups orange juice, 2 cups pineapple juice, 2 shots sweetened coconut milk, 2 shots pineapple rum, 2 shots coconut rum, 2 shots passion fruit rum, 1 shot cranberry juice, Ice], title: Silent Night, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 38855: {instructions: In a large stock pot, bring 10 cups water, celery, carrots, onions, chicken, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper to a boil. Lower the heat to mediumhigh and simmer until the vegetables are soft and the chicken is cooked, 45 minutes to an hour. Strain the vegetables and chicken, making sure to reserve all liquids.nPut back all the original liquids into the stock pot, plus 3 more cups water and the rice. Bring to a boil, and then lower the heat to medium.nMeanwhile, remove the meat from the chicken, shred and put to the side. Put the vegetables in a blender and puree, and put to the side. Put the egg whites in the blender and beat on high for 2 minutes. Add the yolks, lemon juice and cornstarch.nWhen the rice is almost completely cooked, add the veggie puree, shredded chicken and the remaining salt and pepper. Take off the heat. Temper the egg mixture by adding about 1 cup hot soup to the blender while blending on low, making sure not to scramble the eggs Slowly add the egg mixture to the pot, stirring constantly. Taste for salt and pepper., ingredients: [5 ribs celery, cut in half lengthwise, 3 medium carrots, cut in half lengthwise, 2 medium onions, quartered, 3 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 small chicken between 3 and 4 pounds, halved, 1 12 cups long grain rice, such as Uncle Bens, 10 egg whites, 2 egg yolks, 5 lemons, squeezed, 1 teaspoon cornstarch], title: Yia Yia Chicken Avgolemono Soup, picturelink: null}, 38856: {instructions: For the French toast: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place a wire rack inside a rimmed baking sheet. Lay the bread slices on the rack set aside to airdry. Whisk the cream, eggs, Parmesan, nutmeg and some salt and pepper in a large casserole dish until smooth set aside.nFor the Florentine sauce: Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour until the mixture is smooth and lumpfree. Cook, whisking constantly, until light brown, about 1 minute. Slowly whisk in the milk and 14 cup of the heavy cream. Continue to cook, whisking, until the mixture has thickened, about 1 minute. Reduce the heat to low, stir in the spinach, 12 cup of the Parmesan, 14 teaspoon salt, a few grinds of pepper and the nutmeg. Turn off the heat, and cover to keep warm.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Transfer the bread slices to a plate. Transfer the baking sheet with the wire rack to the oven. Place 2 bread slices in the egg mixture, and let them completely soak on both sides, about 30 seconds to 1 minute per side, checking after 30 seconds. The bread should feel heavy and soaked through but hold its shape without breaking apart. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in the skillet. Add the 2 soaked slices, and cook until the outside is golden brown and crisp and the inside is cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. You will need to watch and adjust the heat between medium and mediumlow if the bread is browning too quickly or not browning quickly enough. Keep the finished French toast slices warm on the rack in the baking sheet in the oven. Repeat with the remaining slices.nToss the remaining 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan with the parsley in a small bowl set aside. Place the Florentine sauce back over mediumlow heat, whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons cream and the lemon juice and heat through, about 1 minute. Arrange 2 slices of French toast per plate, and divide the Florentine sauce evenly over the toasts a generous 14 cup per serving. Garnish with a tablespoon of the Parmesanparsley mixture and a few grinds of pepper, and serve., ingredients: [Eight 34inchthick slices brioche, challah or other eggrich bread, 2 cups heavy cream, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Fine salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 34 cup whole milk, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 cups loosely packed baby spinach leaves, chopped, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Fine salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch nutmeg, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: French Toast Florentine, picturelink: tEPwjsQTfDHNmO8VMlh2NmDgNSK0XK}, 38857: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. Add the onions and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Stir in the crushed tomatoes and bring to a simmer. Let simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the chopped basil.nIn a medium bowl, stir together the ricotta with 14 cup of mozzarella cheese.nLay out the grilled eggplant strips and put about 2 tablespoons of filling onto the bottom strips. RollnSpread 1 cup of the tomato sauce onto the bottom of a small baking dish. Put the eggplant rolls, seam side down, into the baking dish. Cover the rolls completely with another cup of sauce and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup of mozzarella. Bake in oven until the cheese is melted and bubbly, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 medium onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, Reserved ricotta filling from Veggie Lasagna recipe, 12 cup grated mozzarella, divided, Reserved grilled eggplant from Veggie Lasagna recipe], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Eggplant Rollatini, picturelink: xpyMj6mc4PQht7ulS6uujOrJgSfSv.}, 38858: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pizza base: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLay the rolls cutside up on a large baking sheet. Top each half with marinara sauce or pesto for the tomato basil pizzas, followed by the mozzarella. Then add your toppings of choice. See below for directions for assembling specific pizzas.nOnce the pizzas are assembled, put the baking sheet on the lowest rack for 8 to 10 minutes. Then turn up the heat to 425 degrees F and put the sheet on the highest rack until the cheese starts to bubble a bit and turns golden. Remove and serve immediately Cut the pizzas in half right across the middle so there are mini French bread pizzas for everyone.nPizza Varieties:nFor the Canadian bacon and pineapple pizzas: Top with the Canadian bacon slices and pineapple and bake according to the directions above.nFor the Greek salad pizzas: Leave off the sauce and brush the sliced rolls with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil sprinkle with salt and pepper. Top with the mozzarella and bake according to the directions above.nWhile the pizzas are baking, toss together the olives, feta, tomatoes, cucumbers, parsley, the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil and salt and pepper to taste in a medium bowl. Top the cooked pizzas with the chopped Greek salad.nFor the pepperoni and jalapeno pizzas: Top with the pepperoni and jalapeno slices and bake according to the directions above.nFor the tomato basil pizzas: Use pesto instead of the marinara sauce, and top with the tomato slices. Drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake according to the directions above. Top the cooked pizzas with the basil leaves.nFor the hamburger pizzas: Heat the olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground beef, red pepper flakes and salt and pepper and saute until the beef is no longer pink. Top the rolls with the sauteed ground beef and bake according to the directions above.nFor the hamburger taco pizzas: Top with the Cheddar and ground beef and bake according to the directions above. Top the cooked pizzas with the chopped lettuce and tomatoes., ingredients: [6 deli rolls or small baguettes, halved, One 24ounce jar marinara sauce, 1 jar prepared pesto, optional, Five 8ounce packages fresh mozzarella, sliced, 5 ounces Canadian bacon slices, halved, 8 ounces canned pineapple chunks, 5 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 12ounce jar kalamata olives, chopped, 8 ounces crumbled feta, 4 ripe tomatoes, diced rough, 12 English cucumber, seeded and diced, 12 bunch fresh parsley, chopped, 1 cup sliced pepperoni, 6 to 7 jalapenos, sliced, Sliced Roma tomatoes, for topping, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch fresh basil, Olive oil, for sauteeing beef, 1 pound ground beef, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces grated Cheddar, 1 pound browned ground beef, Chopped romaine lettuce, for topping, Diced tomatoes, for topping], title: French Bread Pizzas, picturelink: V6EutvLiJIn2RJSK85RbP6loXZFma}, 38859: {instructions: Put the ricotta cheese, honey and vanilla extract into the small bowl of a food processor and process until smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer to a small bowl and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nIn a small saucepan combine the vinegar and sugar and bring to a boil. Simmer over a medium heat for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Allow to cool completely.nIn a medium bowl, toss the berries with the basil and the balsamic syrup.nDivide the cheese cream among 4 cocktail glasses, top with the berry mixture and serve., ingredients: [1 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 16ounce container strawberries, hulled and quartered, 2 tablespoons chiffonade fresh basil leaves], title: Balsamic Strawberries with Ricotta Cream, picturelink: null}, 38860: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a sheet tray with parchment paper or silicone mat.nStart by making the marmalade. Combine the sugar and 12 cup water in a heavybottomed saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the cranberries and thyme sprigs and continue simmering until the cranberries have softened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and remove the thyme sprigs. Stir in the orange marmalade and add the orange liqueur. Return to the heat and bring to a simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the marmalade cool.nMeanwhile, make the cookie dough. In a large mixing bowl or a stand mixer, cream together the butter, Parmesan, pepper and egg yolks. Mix in the flour slowly until a soft dough forms and pulls away from the sides of the bowl.nUsing a 2ounce cookie scoop, portion the dough evenly onto the prepared sheet tray. Use your thumb or something similar in size like a teaspoon measure to make a well in the center of each cookie. Fill the hole with 12 teaspoon of the marmalade. Bake until the cookies begin to turn golden brown, 20 to 22 minute. Remove from the sheet tray to cool on wire rack., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 cup fresh cranberries, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 12 cups goodquality orange marmalade, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup allpurpose flour], title: K and C Thumbprint Cookies, picturelink: null}, 38861: {instructions: Reserve the peels from baked, raw, or boiled potatoes and cut them into 3 by 1 inch strips. Arrange the strips in one layer in a buttered baking dish, dot them with unsalted butter, using 1 tablespoon for each cup of peels, and sprinkle them with salt and pepper. Bake the peels in a preheated very hot oven 450 degrees for 5 to 25 minutes, according to the type of peel, or until they are very crisp. Baked peels cook in 5 to 7 minutes, raw peels cook in 15 to 20 minutes, and boiled peels cook in 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the peels to a basket, sprinkle with salt and pepper if desired, and serve as an hors doeuvre, ingredients: [Peels from baked, raw, or boiled potatoes, Unsalted butter, Salt and pepper], title: Potato Peel Crisps, picturelink: null}, 38862: {instructions: In a large pot, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add beef and brown. Add onion, garlic, and chicken broth and simmer for 1 hour. Add green chili peppers, beef broth, both tomato sauces, and hot sauce simmer for 1 more hour. Add cumin, California chili powder, 2 14 tablespoons New Mexico chili powder, and salt simmer for 45 more minutes. Add arbol chili powder, remaining 12 teaspoon New Mexico chili powder, adobo seasoning blend, brown sugar, and jalapeno powder. Simmer for 15 more minutes and then serve., ingredients: [Canola or vegetable oil, 44 ounces beef, cut into 14inch cubes, 34 cup finely chopped onion, 5 medium cloves garlic, smashed, 1 14.5ounce can chicken broth, 2 medium canned whole green chile peppers, seeded and finely chopped recommended: Ortega, 1 cup beef broth, 12 cup Mexican hotstyle tomato sauce recommended: El Pato brand, 12 cup tomato sauce recommended: Hunts, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 1 14 tablespoons ground cumin, 8 tablespoons California chili powder, 2 14 tablespoons New Mexico chili powder, plus 12 teaspoon, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon arbol chili powder, 14 teaspoon adobo seasoning blend recommended: Accent, Pinch brown sugar, Pinch jalapeno powder], title: Swick and Swick Chili, picturelink: null}, 38863: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Toss the chicken, 1 tablespoon olive oil, the paprika, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a bowl spread in a single layer on the baking sheet. Roast until just cooked through, 15 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board discard the foil and reserve the baking sheet. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and cook, 1 minute. Remove from the heat and stir in the pickled peppers. Brush the insides of the rolls with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil arrange cutside up on the baking sheet and toast in the oven, about 2 minutes. Thinly slice the chicken and divide among the rolls. Top evenly with the onion mixture and the cheese. Return to the oven to melt the cheese, about 2 minutes. Top with hot sauce andor ketchup and serve with carrot and celery sticks.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup pickled sweet or hot cherry peppers, sliced, 4 soft hoagie rolls, split, 6 slices American cheese about 4 12 ounces, halved, Hot sauce andor ketchup, for topping optional, Carrot and celery sticks, for serving optional], title: Chicken Cheesesteaks, picturelink: SecMdZTSAKYfAkdbs1GDQ0X9s9AsJu}, 38864: {instructions: To a coffee mug add butterscotch schnapps, rum, Irish cream and coffee. Top with whipped topping. Serve., ingredients: [1 shot butterscotch schnapps, 1 shot vanilla rum, 12 shot Irish Cream, Coffee, Whipped topping], title: ButterRum Coffee, picturelink: Egl72AWHn82wMTE1CEnS.1lNwpq9vN2}, 38865: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. When the oil is hot, fry the tortillas, 1 at a time, on both sides until they are crisp. Remove from the oil and drain on a sheet tray lined with a brown paper bag or paper towels.nPreheat the broiler.nPut the fried tortillas on a sheet tray and top each with 14 of the bean mixture and 14 of the cheese. Put under the broiler until the cheese is melted and bubbling, about 2 minutes.nIn a medium bowl mix together the tomato, onion, and chili powder, and season with salt, to taste.nRemove the tortillas from the sheet tray to individual serving dishes and top with shredded cabbage, the tomato mixture, and a tablespoon of sour cream., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, 4 corn tortillas, 1 cup reserved bean mixture from Bean and Cheese Tamales recipe, 1 cup Monterey jack cheese, 1 Roma tomato, chopped, 12 onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon chili powder, Kosher salt, 12 head green cabbage, shredded, reserved from Crispy Fish Tacos, 14 cup sour cream], title: Round 2 Recipe  Bean and Cheese Chalupas, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 38866: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 6inch wooden skewers, soaked in cold water for at least 1 hournPreheat a charcoal grill or kamadostyle ceramic charcoal cooker for direct grilling over high heat.nThread one strip of fish per skewer, brush with oil on both sides and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until slightly charred on both sides and still rare in the middle, about 30 seconds per side. Serve on platters with the dipping sauces in small bowls.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, garlic, lime zest and juice and salt and pepper to taste. Let stand 10 minutes to allow the flavors to meld before serving.nWhisk together the soy sauce, lemon juice, chilegarlic sauce and sugar and season with pepper. Let the sauce sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the ginger and red chile flakes and cook until the ginger is soft, about 2 minutes. Increase the heat to high, add the orange juice, brown sugar, soy sauce and lime juice and cook until the mixture is reduced by about onequarter, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove from the heat, stir in the rice vinegar and orange and limes zests and let cool to room temperature. Add the green onions and sesame seeds just before serving., ingredients: [1 pound skinless salmon fillet, sliced into 1inchthick strips, 1 pound skinless tuna loin, sliced into 1inchthick strips, 1 pound yellowtail fillet, sliced into 1inchthick strips, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, GarlicLime Aioli, recipe follows, Spicy Ponzu, recipe follows, OrangeGinger Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste with salt, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon chilegarlic sauce, Pinch sugar, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 tablespoons peeled and finely grated fresh ginger, 14 teaspoon red chile flakes, 1 12 cups fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, Juice of 1 lime, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 14 teaspoon grated lime zest, 1 large scallion white and green part, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon toasted white sesame seeds], title: Seared Tuna, Yellowtail and Salmon with Three Dipping Sauces, picturelink: zboVkAuh47LSjijNWTvrF1XXixpb6ue}, 38867: {instructions: Place a large saute pan over medium heat and cook the bacon until golden brown and crisp, 7 to 8 minutes total. Reserve about 3 tablespoons of the bacon fat in a dish and 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat in the pan. Transfer the bacon to a paper towellined plate to cool.nReturn the pan to medium heat and add the celery, onion, corn and some salt and pepper. Cook the vegetables until beginning to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the vinegar, sugar and pimientos to the pan and cook until the vinegar has reduced and the corn is tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Adjust the seasoning as needed and set the relish aside to cool.nPlace a large skillet over medium heat with about 1 12 tablespoons of the reserved bacon fat. In a large bowl, mix together all of the ingredients for the crab cakes, along with the reserved crisp bacon, adjusting the seasoning as needed with salt and pepper. Working in batches as needed, scoop out about 14 cup of mix for each crab cake and cook in the bacon fat, turning once, until golden brown and heated through, about 3 minutes per side.nAs batches finish cooking, reserve them on a plate add more bacon fat to the pan as needed throughout cooking.nServe the warm crab cakes over warm or room temperature relish., ingredients: [4 strips smoked bacon, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 1 12 cups corn kernels from about 3 ears of corn, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 4ounce jar diced pimientos, drained, 1 pound lump crab meat, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 small onion, finely grated, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 14 to 12 cup crushed pretzels, as needed, 34 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, Few dashes hot sauce, Salt], title: Bacon Crab Cakes with PimientoCorn Relish, picturelink: null}, 38868: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the salami and garlic and cook, about 1 minute. Crush the tomatoes into the pan with your hands and cook until slightly dry, about 5 minutes. Add the reserved tomato juice, basil, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste. Increase the heat to high and cook until the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Stir in 34 cup water and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Let simmer while you cook the ravioli.nAdd salt to the boiling water, then add the ravioli and cook as the label directs drain. Divide the ravioli among shallow bowls, spoon the sauce on top and sprinkle with the cheese. Garnish with more basil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 ounce Italian salami, finely diced, or pulsed in a food processor, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 28ounce can San Marzano plum tomatoes, drained, juices reserved, 5 or 6 fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish, Pinch of sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds frozen spinachandcheese ravioli, 1 ounce ricotta salata or parmesan cheese, grated], title: Spinach Ravioli With Tomato Sauce, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 38869: {instructions: For the crepe batter, combine flour and salt in a bowl and make a well in the center. Add eggs milk and brandy to the well and whisk to combine. Stir in melted butter. Cover batter and set aside for 25 minutes.nFor the white sauce, cook butter and flour 2 minutes over moderate heat in a preheated medium saucepan. Whisk in milk and season sauce with salt, pepper, nutmeg and cayenne. Simmer over low heat 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in cream and heat sauce through, another 5 minutes over low heat. Turn burner to warm and stir sauce occasionally to avoid a skin forming. Whisk in a little milk if sauce thickens too much to ladle.nTo assemble fillings, place cheeses in small bowls with serving spoons. Cook broccoli florets in simmering water or in 1 cup of water in the microwave for 3 minutes on high. Drain and place steamed broccoli in a bowl. Defrost spinach in the microwave oven and drain well. Transfer drained spinach to a kitchen towel and wring to remove any residual liquid. Fluff spinach with finger tips and set into a small serving dish. Place chopped ham into a bowl with serving fork. Drain and separate lump crab meat and place in a serving dish with a seafood fork.nFor the bacon and mushroom filling, heat a small skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and bacon and saute 3 minutes. Add chopped shallots and sliced mushrooms. Season the filling with salt and pepper and cook 5 minutes until mushrooms are just tender. Transfer filling to a serving bowl.nTo make the dessert filling, drain cherries over a saucepan to catch the juice. Heat the juice, orange zest and cinnamon to a bubble over moderate heat. Combine cornstarch with water and stir to the hot juice. Remove the cinnamon stick. Allow sauce to thicken then stir in cherries and Kirsch or Amaretto and keep sauce warm over very low heat. When your are ready to serve dessert, place filling in crepes, wrap and brush with melted butter. Top crepes with powdered sugar and serve.nWhen guests arrive, allow them to help make their own crepes to order. Crepes should be made in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Cover the bottom of the pan with just enough batter to coat. Turn the crepes with a toothpick or a very thin spatula.nPossible combinations for fillings: cheese or cheeses melted into white sauce with broccoli andor spinach, warm white sauce with crab, ham with cheese or ham with cheesy white sauce, cheese with bacon mushroom filling, etc. The fillings are only limited by ones taste buds., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups milk, 14 cup brandy, optional, use additional milk if you omit it, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups whole milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, to your taste, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 pinches, 14 to 13 cup heavy cream, eyeball it, 2 cups shredded sharp cheddar, 8ounce brick, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 3 cups broccoli florets, available prewashed in produce section, 2 boxes chopped frozen spinach, defrosted and drained, 1 pound thick sliced baked ham from deli counter, chopped, 12 ounces cooked lump crabmeat, available fresh in plastic tubs at fish counter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 12 pound bacon, chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 pound mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 16 ounce cans pitted black cherries, 1 orange, zested, 1 stick cinnamon, 1 rounded tablespoon cornstarch, 3 tablespoons warm water, 2 jiggers Kirsch or Amaretto liquer, 13 cup confectioners sugar, plus additional for dusting, 3 tablespoons butter, melted], title: Crepes Buffet, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 38870: {instructions: Heat a wok or large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Heat the oils and when almost smoking, add eggplant and peppers. Cook for 4 minutes, until softened, and add snow peas and scallions. Dissolve the sugar in the soy sauce, and add to pan. Cook for 2 minutes and serve over rice, ingredients: [4 Asian eggplants, sliced on bias 12inch thick, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 teaspoons dark brown sugar, 1 12 cups snow peas, 5 scallions, cut on bias in 1 12inch long pieces, 2 red peppers, sliced thinly], title: Curtis Eggplant Stir Fry, picturelink: null}, 38871: {instructions: Make the syrup: In a small saucepan, combine the strawberries, sugar and 12 cup water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until thickened, about 20 minutes. Strain, return to the saucepan and reduce for 10 more minutes, or until the syrup is thick enough to coat a spoon. Chill until ready to serve.nMake the floats: Mix 1 tablespoon strawberry syrup with 2 tablespoons gin in each glass add 2 scoops ice cream, top with the soda and garnish with a strawberry.nPhotograph by John Kendrick, ingredients: [1 pound strawberries, hulled and chopped, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup Pimms No. 1 gin, 8 small scoops strawberry ice cream, 12 liter lemonlime soda, 4 strawberries, for garnish], title: Pimm and Proper Ice Cream Floats, picturelink: xCUhKzIwAH.tBu5oSs.aBxDLrmiqwMi}, 38872: {instructions: Peel off the skin. Boil it.nChilli mixnAdd all chillies  grind it., ingredients: [1 chopped onion, 2 tomatoes, 4 grreen chillies], title: Tst, picturelink: null}, 38873: {instructions: Chill martini glass. Add sherry and vodka to a glass shaker. Stir and set aside. Flame the peels, one by one, by squeezing the oil in a sharp spritz through the flame of a lit match held over the glass. Extinguish match after peels are done takes a few matches. Strain the sherryvodka mixture into glass. Garnish with one final flamed orange peel flame then drop in., ingredients: [1ounce Tio Pepe Sherry, 3 ounces vodka, The peel of an entire orange, cut off into quarter sized pieces], title: The Flame of Love Martini, picturelink: null}, 38874: {instructions: For the pork loin: Start by seasoning the pork really well all over with the garlic salt, Cajun spice, and the brown sugar. Then using your hand, pat the pork with the oil. On the grill or grill pan and medium heat cook for 8 to 12 minutes, rotating every couple of minutes. After the pork is five minutes from done, add the barbeque sauce and rotate so that the sauce sticks.nRemove and slice. Serve with Sauce.nFor the sauce: In large sauce pan add the oil, heat the oil just a little and add the garlic, shallots, jalapeno saute for 2 minutes, then add the remaining ingredients. Mix well and bring to a low simmer until sauce is combined. Check the flavor and adjust the sweetness if you like., ingredients: [2 1pound trimmed pork loin, 1 tbsp garlic salt, 1 pinch black pepper, 1 tbsp Cajun spice, Olive oil, 1 tbsp fine brown sugar, 2 tbsp canola oil, 3 tbsp diced jalapeno, 2 tbsp diced garlic, 3 cups ketchup, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup molasses, 14 cup CocaCola, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 tbsp liquid smoke, 1 tsp garlic salt], title: Pork Loin with CocaCola BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38875: {instructions: Toppings: Flaked grilled salmon, sauteed wild mushrooms, and chopped parsley and chivesnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Pacific Salmon Potato Skins, picturelink: KD7co2PNbwmZJ8tUxXowjO.dQ9ZeRC}, 38876: {instructions: Using 12 a cup or more pork spice blend rub generously over the entire pork butt. Cover and place under refrigeration for 4 to 6 hours to marinate.nAccording to your smokers manufacturers instructions, smoke pork butts fat side up at 225 degrees F for 12 hours using hickory wood.nRemove the cooked pork butts from smoker and allow to rest for 25 minutes. Once cool enough to handle using your hands pull pork apart removing any layers of fat or connective tissue.nMix all ingredients by hand., ingredients: [2 7 to 9 pound bone in pork butt, 2 cups Tailgators Pulled Pork Rub, recipe follows, 1 hickory log, 4 cups BBQ sauce, 1 14 cups kosher salt, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup ground cumin, 1 cup black pepper, 1 cup cayenne pepper, 12 cup paprika, 12 cup garlic powder, 14 cup onion powder, 14 cup dried thyme, 14 cup dried oregano], title: Tailgators Pulled Pork Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 38877: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the dried morels in a bowl and pour 2 cups boiling water over them. Set aside for 30 minutes. Scoop the morels from the water with a slotted spoon, reserving the liquid. You should have 2 cups if not, add water to make 2 cups. Drain the morels and rinse once more. If some of the mushrooms are large, cut into 2 or 3 pieces. Pour the mushroom liquid through a coffee filter or paper towel, discarding the gritty solids. Set the mushrooms and the liquid aside separately.nMeanwhile, remove and discard the stems of the porcini and rub any dirt off the caps with a damp paper towel. Dont rinse them Slice thickly and set aside.nIn a small saucepan, heat the chicken stock with the 2 cups of reserved mushroom liquid and bring to a simmer.nIn a heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven, melt the butter and saute the pancetta and shallots over mediumlow heat for 5 minutes. Add the morels and porcini and saute for another 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat the grains with butter. Add the wine and cook for 2 minutes. Add 2 full ladles of the chicken stock mixture to the rice plus the saffron, salt, and pepper. Stir and simmer over low heat until the stock is absorbed, 5 to 10 minutes. Continue to add the stock mixture, 2 ladles at a time, stirring every few minutes. Each time, cook until the mixture seems a little dry before adding more of the stock mixture. Continue until the rice is cooked through, but still al dente, about 25 to 30 minutes total. When done, the risotto should be thick and creamy and not at all dry. Off the heat, stir in the Parmesan cheese. Serve hot in bowls with extra cheese., ingredients: [1ounce dried morel mushrooms, 12 pound fresh porcini or cremini mushrooms, 4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 2 ounces pancetta, diced, 12 cup chopped shallots 3 shallots, 1 12 cups Arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving], title: Wild Mushroom Risotto, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 38878: {instructions: Preheat grill to medium heat.nToss all the vegetables and the poblano in a bowl with the olive oil and salt and pepper. Place on the grill at a 45 degree angle to establish grill marks. As the vegetables begin to soften turn them over to finish cooking. As the chile roasts on the grill, its skin will begin to blister. Once the chile has blistered all over, remove from the grill, cool slightly and peel the skin off. Seed and slice the chile into strips before serving with the rest of the vegetables.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 yellow squash, cut into rounds, 1 zucchini, cut into rounds, 1 eggplant, cut into rounds, 1 red bell pepper, cut into strips, 1 poblano chile pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Grilled Vegetables and Chiles, picturelink: null}, 38879: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: Whisk together the ketchup and hot sauce in a small bowl and set aside.nFor the meatloaf: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by5by3inch loaf pan with cooking spray and set aside.nMelt the butter in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Once melted, saute the celery and onion until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture, with the drippings, to a large bowl. Add the hot sauce to the bowl and stir to combine. Add the chicken, blue cheese, salt, pepper, eggs and 1 12 cups of the panko and mix until well combined.nPress the mixture into the prepared loaf pan, pressing more in the center of the loaf to create a divot. This will allow the meatloaf to bake evenly and not create a mound after it is baked. Spread the sauce over the top of the meatloaf. Mix the Parmesan with 12 cup of the panko and sprinkle the mixture on top of the sauce. Bake until the center is set and the top is golden brown, 45 minutes to an hour. Let rest about 15 minutes before cutting to serve.nMeanwhile, toast the remaining 14 cup panko in a dry pan until lightly golden and set aside.nGarnish the meatloaf slices with the toasted panko and chopped celery leaves., ingredients: [3 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the loaf pan, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 stalks celery, small diced about 1 cup, celery leaves reserved for garnish, 12 medium onion, small diced about 1 cup, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 12 pounds ground chicken, 5050 light and dark, 1 cup blue cheese crumbles, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 2 14 cups panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Buffalo Chicken Meatloaf, picturelink: ieBw4EN8sWZ5cdC655oNPm7bDiYlO6y}, 38880: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to high.nIn a food processor, combine the butter, garlic, jalapeno, parsley, lemon juice, and chives. Season with salt and pepper and process until well combined. Place in a small container. Remove a few tablespoons of the herbed butter and set aside. This reserved butter will be used to finish the lobsters and vegetables once they are off the grill and prevent cross contamination.nBring a large pot of water to a rapid boil. Place the lobsters in the boiling water and blanch just until the shells turn red, but the meat is not cooked through, about 3 minutes. Remove the lobsters and let cool slightly. Slice the lobsters in half lengthwise. Brush the meat and inside of the lobsters with some of the herbed butter, about 1 tablespoon per lobster half. Place the lobsters on the grill, flesh side down and cook until the meat has grill marks and starts to turn opaque and firm up, about 5 minutes.nWhile the lobsters are cooking, start the grilled vegetables. Drizzle the vegetables and lemon wedges with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the vegetables and lemon wedges on the grill and brush with some of the compound butter. Grill until tender and browned, about 3 to 4 minutes per side.nTurn the lobsters over and grill an additional 3 to 4 minutes, brushing with more butter, if desired. Remove the lobsters and vegetables to a large platter. Squeeze some of the grilled lemon wedges over the tail meat. If desired, serve with some of the reserved herbed butter., ingredients: [1 pound unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 red jalapeno, seeds and white membranes removed, chopped coarsely, 14 cup coarsely chopped Italian parsley leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons chopped chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 1 14 pound lobsters, 1 yellow squash, sliced lengthwise into 14inch slices, 1 zucchini, sliced lengthwise into 14inch slices, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and sliced lengthwise into 14s, 1 lemon, cut into 6 wedges, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Lobster and Summer Vegetables with Spicy Herbed Butter, picturelink: 9QBg.dGLQ9YWqIIChrRFwehONIGnfSy}, 38881: {instructions: Slice the corn kernels off the cob and reserve the cobs. Heat 4 tablespoons butter in a large pot over high heat. Add the thyme, onion, celery, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and all but 12 cup each corn kernels and ham cook 1 minute. Add the potatoes, corn cobs and 5 cups water. Cover and cook until the potatoes are very tender, 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the reserved corn kernels and ham and cook until the ham is browned, about 6 minutes. Add the scallions and cook until softened, about 1 minute.nRemove the corn cobs from the soup and discard. Stir in the heavy cream and cook until heated through, about 1 minute. Ladle the soup into bowls and top with the cornham mixture.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [6 ears corn, shucked, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 sprigs thyme, 1 large onion, diced, 3 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 1 large clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt, 1 8ounce ham steak, diced, 2 large russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 6 scallions, chopped, 23 cup heavy cream], title: Corn and Ham Chowder, picturelink: Vay6cyv4tXscc0SGSoBhDbT5bywiJa}, 38882: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCut the potatoes lengthwise into 14inch thick matchsticks, and toss with the oil and 12 teaspoon salt. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Arrange the potatoes in a single layer on the baking sheet and bake until the fries are tender and crisp, about 30 minutes.nSeason with additional salt, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled 2 medium potatoes, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more, to taste, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Sweet Potato Fries, picturelink: KEZHh9jtB2PmVVQ0NFhuDySRxw41KXW}, 38883: {instructions: For the salad: Place the tomatoes on a baking sheet, drizzle with some olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until tender and starting to brown, about 20 minutes. Let cool.nMeanwhile, toast the pecans in a large skillet over medium heat, tossing occasionally, until fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Let cool, then chop.nFor the vinaigrette: Whisk together the champagne vinegar, orange juice, honey, Dijon and shallot in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil season with some salt and pepper.nFor the goat cheese croutons: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Slice the goat cheese into 8 equal rounds. Add to 3 shallow dishes, the flour, egg and panko. Coat each goat cheese round with flour, then egg and then panko, shaking off excess, and fry until golden on both sides, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a papertowel lined rack or plate.nTo assemble the salad, toss the greens, pear, pecans and tomatoes in a large bowl. Drizzle with some vinaigrette and gently toss to fully combine. Divide the salad among 4 salad plates, top each with 2 goat cheese croutons, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup pecans, 6 to 8 cups mixed greens, 1 ripe pear, such as Danjou, cored and sliced into 14inch slices, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon country Dijon mustard, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup vegetable oil, One 8ounce log goat cheese, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, slightly beaten, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs], title: Mixed Greens with Roasted Cherry Tomatoes and Fried Goat Cheese Croutons, picturelink: 6tZGmZ91mL5L6lZTRg96qQLRCwxoti}, 38884: {instructions: In a 1quart glass bowl with straight sides, layer ingredients in this order starting from the bottom: caramel sauce, brownies, strawberry jam, banana pudding, chocolate syrup, whipped cream, sprinkles and a maraschino cherry on top. Serve with dippers., ingredients: [12 cup caramel sauce, 12 cup finely crumbled brownies, 12 cup strawberry jam, 34 cup banana pudding, 14 cup chocolate syrup, 1 cup sweetened whipped cream, Sprinkles, for garnish, Suggested dippers: pretzels rods, waffle cookies, ice cream cones, Maraschino cherry, for garnish], title: 7Layer Dessert Dip, picturelink: 2MoaJW1BRrm7vllOB6g.LtYrCxGk0q}, 38885: {instructions: 3 ounces raspberry sauce made by mixing together 13 cup raspberry preserves with 2 tablespoons cranberry juicenSpread garlic butter on 1 side of each bread slice. Place cheese on 1 piece of bread, place ham on top of cheese. Cover with another slice of bread, followed by the slice of Cheddar and the chicken breast. Place the third piece of bead on top, making sure the meats and cheese are completely tucked inside of the bread. Place on a cutting board. Slice sandwich diagonally and hold together with long wooden picks. Refrigerate for about 30 minutes.nPreheat deepfryer to 350 degrees F.nBeat eggs and water in a medium shallow bowl. Place the panko bread crumbs in another shallow bowl.nRemove the sandwich from the refrigerator. Dip into egg wash, let drain, and then coat the sandwich completely in the panko bread crumbs. Fry in hot oil until golden brown about 45 seconds. Remove from oil, drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve immediately with raspberry sauce.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 tablespoons garlic butter, 3 slices Texas toast or other thicksliced bread, 1 1ounce slice Swiss cheese, 3 ounces thinly sliced ham, 1 1ounce slice Cheddar, 3 ounces thinly sliced cooked chicken or turkey, 3 eggs, 14 cup water, 1 12 cups panko bread crumbs, Oil, for deepfrying, Powdered sugar], title: Monte Cristo Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 38886: {instructions: Preheat the grill.nSeason the ribs with the Creole seasoning, to taste. To make the sauce, in a medium pot over medium heat, add the tomato sauce with 1 teaspoon of Creole seasoning. Add the guava jelly, lemon juice, molasses, brown sugar, and sangria. Mix well. Cook for 15 minutes. Put the ribs on the grill. Brush the ribs with the sauce and grill for 10 minutes, then baste ribs again and turn them over. Baste this side as well and grill for 15 minutes. Continue to baste and turn until desired temperature is reached., ingredients: [1 rack baby back ribs, Creole seasoning, 1 12ounce can tomato sauce, 12 cup guava jelly, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon black strap molasses, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 cup sangria], title: Guava Bbq Ribs, picturelink: null}, 38887: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In large bowl, break up cookie dough. Stir or knead in crushed granola bars until well mixed. Press dough in bottom and up side of ungreased 10inch tart pan with removable bottom or 13 x 9inch pan. Bake 12 to 17 minutes or until light golden brown. With back of spoon, press down crust on bottom and side bake 3 to 5 minutes longer or until deep golden brown. Press down crust again with spoon. Cool 3 minutes. Meanwhile, in large microwavable bowl, microwave chocolate chips and whipping cream on High 1 minute. Stir microwave 1 to 2 minutes longer, stirring every 30 seconds to prevent chocolate from burning, until completely melted and smooth. In small microwavable bowl, microwave peanut butter on High 1 minute or until melted stir. Spread warm peanut butter in bottom of crust. Pour chocolate mixture over peanut butter mixture. Sprinkle peanuts evenly over top. Refrigerate at least 2 hours or until serving time. For easier cutting, let tart stand at room temperature 15 minutes before serving. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 roll 18 oz Pillsburyr refrigerated peanut butter cookies, 6 Nature Valleyr peanut butter crunchy granola bars 3 pouches from 8.9oz box, crushed 1 heaping cup, 2 bags 12 oz each semisweet chocolate chips 4 cups, 1 cup whipping cream, 12 cup crunchy peanut butter, 13 cup chopped peanuts or 1 package 2 oz nut topping], title: Peanut Butter Truffle Tart, picturelink: null}, 38888: {instructions: To a medium mixing bowl add the dill, watercress, fennel, scallions, and blood orange segments. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, drizzle with olive oil and add the scallops. Right before youre ready to serve, add the lemon juice. Toss to combine. Arrange scallop shells on a platter and spoon scallop crudo into the shells, garnishing with a little more sea salt and a drizzle of extra dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons freshly picked dill leaves, 12 cup freshly picked watercress leaves, 14 cup thinly sliced fennel and kept in ice water, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 blood orange, peeled and segmented, Sea salt freshly cracked black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 diver scallops, removed from shell, cleaned, sliced, shell reserved, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Crudo Divers in Shell, Blood Orange, Watercress, and Fennel, picturelink: null}, 38889: {instructions: In a mixer, whip the mousse and milk on high speed until the mouse is thickened. Finely chop 4 of the strawberries, and add them to the mousse. Blend for 1 more minute and refrigerate for a least an hour.nSpoon mousse mixture into a piping bag. Pipe the cannoli shells full of the mousse. Make a design on the serving plate with the chocolate syrup. Slice the remaining strawberries, and place around the plate with the blackberries. Place the cannolis in the middle of the plate. Garnish with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 package strawberry mousse, 1 cup milk, 6 strawberries, cleaned and hulled, 1 bottle chocolate syrup, 6 to 8 blackberries, 2 premade, chocolate dipped cannoli, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Strawberry Filled Cannoli, picturelink: null}, 38890: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a large star tipnFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Process the cookies and granulated sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Add the melted butter and creme de menthe, and pulse until moist. Press the crumbs into a 9inch pie plate, and bake until firm, 12 to 15 minutes. Let the crust cool completely on a wire rack.nFor the filling: Microwave the marshmallows and butter in a microwaveproof bowl on high until the butter is melted and the marshmallows have broken down, about 1 minute 30 seconds. Stir with a wooden spoon to combine, and let cool for 5 minutes.nBeat the creme de menthe and heavy cream in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy peaks form, about 1 minute. Stop the mixer, add 13 of the cooled marshmallow mixture and beat on mediumhigh until combined, about 15 seconds repeat with the remaining marshmallow mixture in 2 batches. The whipped cream wont hold its peaks, and the creammarshmallow mixture will appear quite loose, but it firms quickly as it cools in the pie crust. Pour the filling into the prepared pie crust. Cover the pie with plastic, and refrigerate until firm, about 4 hours or overnight.nFor the chocolate mint whipped cream: Beat the confectioners sugar, cocoa powder and peppermint extract in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium high speed until combined. Add the heavy cream, and beat on mediumhigh until fluffy peaks form.nTo assemble: Arrange the wafer cookies on top of the pie. Top each cookie with 12 teaspoon creme de menthe it will soak in almost immediately. Transfer the whipped cream to a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip, and pipe it onto the soaked cookies. Garnish with mint leaves. The pie can be refrigerated, loosely covered, up to overnight or served immediately. Serve with any extra leftover whipped cream on the side., ingredients: [24 chocolate wafer cookies, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon creme de menthe, 6 cups mini marshmallows, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons creme de menthe, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon pure peppermint extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 9 chocolate wafer cookies, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoons creme de menthe, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Grasshopper Pie, picturelink: Qb7nwaoUJnCTLSwo68Adn3smjEmyDC.}, 38891: {instructions: Combine the crushed chips with the flour, 12 teaspoon salt and the cayenne pepper in a shallow bowl. Whisk the eggs, tartar sauce and 3 tablespoons water in another shallow bowl. One at a time, dredge each fish strip in the potato chip mixture, turning to coat, then dip in the egg mixture and dredge again in the potato chip mixture. Place on a baking sheet until ready to fry. Fill a large skillet about halfway with vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the fish, turning, until golden brown and crisp, 5 to 8 minutes. Let the oil return to 350 degrees F between batches. Drain on paper towels and season with salt. Serve with lemon wedges andor vinegar.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 10ounce bag saltandvinegar potato chips about 10 cups, finely crushed, 13 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, Large pinch of cayenne pepper, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons tartar sauce, 2 pounds haddock or pollock fillets, pin bones removed, cut into 1inchwide strips, Vegetable oil, for frying, Lemon wedges andor malt vinegar, for serving], title: SaltandVinegar Fish Sticks, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 38892: {instructions: In a medium bowl combine the pancake mix and water. Whisk the batter until smooth. Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Make 12 pancakes about 5 12inches in diameter. Transfer to a plate and set aside.nWarm the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the onions, carrots, and garlic and saute until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the spinach, tomatoes, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine. Transfer the vegetable mixture to a large bowl. Add the basil, 14 cup Parmesan, and mascarpone cheese. Stir the mixture until well mixed.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9 by 12inch baking dish or individual baking dishes. Using about half the vegetable mixture fill the pancakes. Lay pancake down on a work surface, top with 2 spoonfuls of vegetable mixture, sprinkle with some mozzarella cheese. Roll up the pancake around the vegetable mixture and place in the baking dish. Continue with the remaining pancakes, placing in the baking dish in 2 rows, and using up all the shredded mozzarella cheese.nPlace the remaining vegetable mixture in a blender with 12 cup whole milk. Blend until smooth adding up to 14 cup more milk if necessary to make a sauce. Pour the sauce over the center of the vegetablestuffed pancakes in two rows. Sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup Parmesan. Bake until the cheese is melted and the vegetables are hot, about 25 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups pancake mix recommended: Krusteaz, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 pound frozen spinach, thawed and drained, 2 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus 14 cup, 1 8ounce container mascarpone cheese, 1 14 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 12 to 34 cups whole milk], title: Veggie Stuffed Pancakes, picturelink: 8jhXtoge1BdlfrOFHo6TdRNjbFo8z9m}, 38893: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nFor the batter: in a blender or food processor, combine the eggs, vanilla, and 34 cup sugar. Blend for about 15 seconds, until combined. Add the flour and baking powder and mix for 60 seconds more, or until very smooth. Set the batter aside.nHeat a 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat and melt the butter. Add the apples and cook until softened, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the cinnamon and remaining 1 12 tablespoons sugar, sprinkling them evenly over the apples, and cook, stirring, until the apples are glazed and slightly translucent at the edges, about 2 minutes.nDistribute the apples evenly in the skillet and pour the batter over them. Chefs Note: You may also make 4 individual pancakes, using a smaller pan. Just use 14 of the apples and 14 of the batter for each. Cook until the bottom seems quite firm, about 8 minutes. Transfer the pan to the broiler and, while watching carefully, cook until the pancake is firm throughout and golden on top.nCut the pancake into 4 wedges and transfer them, apple side up, to serving plates. Sprinkle with the confectioners sugar, place a dollop of cru00e8me fraiche on top, and garnish with the strawberries., ingredients: [7 large eggs, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and cut into 12inch wedges, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon confectionersu2019 sugar, 14 cup creme fraiche, 1 cup strawberries, for garnish], title: German Apple Pancake with Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 38894: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place chicken on cutting board. Holding sharp knife horizontal to board, cut a 3inch deep pocket lengthwise in the thick side of each breast.n2. Place 2 basil leaves on each slice of mozzarella, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Stuff each breast pocket with a cheese bundle. Wrap 2 slices prosciutto around each breast, anchoring with toothpicks.n3. Heat oil in large ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh. Add chicken and cook about 3 minutes on each side or until browned. Transfer chicken in skillet to oven bake 12 minutes or until done internal temp 170 degrees F.nServing Suggestion: Serve with pasta primavera and freshly grated Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [4 Tyson Grilled and Ready Breast Fillets, thawed, 8 basil, fresh leaves only, 4 slices mozzarella cheese, 14inchthick, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 8 slices prosciutto, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: ChickenProsciutto Bundles, picturelink: tcSVdj3XvehvtwzsjEgLznFpsNY2KMu}, 38895: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 long narrow 18inch baking pansnTo make long narrow baking pans: Cut 18inch foil pan into 4 12inch by 17inch piece. Fold long sides up twice by 78inch. To close off ends, make 1inch cuts along folds fold center flap up and side flaps in. Spray with cooking spray. Repeat to make 3 more pans.nTo assemble: Slice bread 14inch thick cut cheese to fit. Place 1 piece cheese in each sandwich. Butter outside of sandwich. Cook on hot griddle until bread is golden brown and cheese is melted, about 1 minute per side. Sprinkle with salt and serve.nTo make the basic bread dough: In a small bowl, mix yeast, 12 teaspoon of sugar and 12 cup warm water. Let sit until foamy, about 5 minutes. In bowl of electric mixer fitted with a paddle, beat remaining 1 14 cups warm water, egg, powdered milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, salt and 1 cup flour. Beat until smooth and creamy, about 7 minutes. Add yeast mixture beat on medium. On mediumlow, beat in 3 12 cups flour, 12 cup at a time, until dough comes together it will be sticky, about 2 minutes. Switch to dough hook. Gradually add butter beat until dough is soft and sticks to fingers slightly, about 7 minutes. If dough is too wet, add 14 cup flour. On lightly floured surface, knead dough several turns into a ball. Cover dough with plastic. Let stand in warm place until it doubles in size, about 1 hour.nPreheat convection oven to 375 degrees F.nKnead dough into a smooth ball. Divide into 14ths. Roll each into 34 inch by 18 inches log trim ends to make it 15 inches long. Fit into pans cover with sprayed plastic wrap. Let stand in a warm place until dough reaches top of pan, 25 to 35 minutes. Place filled pans on baking sheet brush with egg wash, sprinkle with poppy seeds and cover loosely with aluminum foil coated lightly with cooking spray. Bake 8 minutes. Remove foil bake until lightly golden, about 4 minutes. Cool on bread rack., ingredients: [Basic bread dough, recipe follows, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 ounces Gruyere cheese, thinly sliced, 12 cup butter, room temperature, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 2 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 34 cup warm 110 degree water, 1 large egg, 23 cup plus 1 tablespoon powdered milk, 2 12 teaspoon salt, 4 12 to 4 34 cups bread flour, 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature and cut into small pieces, 1 large egg yolk beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, 14 cup poppy seeds, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Mini Grilled Cheese, picturelink: null}, 38896: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMake the crust: Generously spray 2 12inch pizza pans with nonstick vegetable oil cooking spray. In a medium bowl, stir together all of the crust ingredients to make a smooth, thick, pancakelike batter. Using a rubber spatula, spread the batter as thin and evenly as possible over the 2 pans.nPlace pizza crusts on center racks of the oven and bake for about 12 to 15 minutes, or until lightly golden brown and firm to touch.nRemove crusts from oven and increase the oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: In a saucepan over medium heat, heat olive oil and then sweat onions and garlic in oil, cooking just until softened and translucent. Add diced tomatoes and the remaining ingredients and simmer for about 2 minutes.nCompile the pizzas: Spread the tomato sauce and then the mozzarella cheese evenly over both crusts. Top 1 pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and ham, and top the other with the bell pepper strips, onions, and mushrooms. Lightly sprinkle 1 tablespoon olive oil over each pizza, and sprinkle each with a dash of dried oregano.nPlace the pizzas back in the oven to bake for another 10 to 12 minutes, or until the cheese melts and starts to brown. Cut each pizza into 8 slices., ingredients: [1 12 cups soy flour, 3 eggs, 34 cup heavy cream, 13 cup club soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 18 cup diced red onion, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 3 large Roma tomatoes, diced, 8 ounces no sugar added tomato sauce, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano may substitute Italian seasoning for dried herbs, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 24 ounces shredded mozzarella cheese, 8 ounces pepperoni slices, 12 cup crumbled Italian sausage, cooked, 12 cup diced Parma ham, 13 cup julienned red bell peppers, 13 cup julienned green bell peppers, 13 cup julienned red onion, 2 portobello mushroom caps, sliced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Pinch dried oregano], title: Low Carb Pizza, picturelink: KgwbJfvl6lczYA6QJ2pZXfRug92BO}, 38897: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Soak the red onion, carrots and radishes in ice water for 5 minutes, then drain. Split each roll in half lengthwise to make 4 pieces. Transfer to the oven to toast.nWhisk 14 cup mayonnaise, the lime juice, honey, cornichons and brine, and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the chicken, onion, carrots, radishes and chopped cilantro and toss. Mix the chile sauce and the remaining 14 cup mayonnaise in a small bowl.nSpread each piece of bread with some chile mayonnaise, then top with the chicken salad and cilantro leaves.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 2 medium carrots, shaved into ribbons with a vegetable peeler, 4 radishes, thinly sliced, 2 crusty hoagiestyle rolls, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup fresh lime juice from about 4 limes, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 tablespoons chopped cornichons or gherkins, plus 1 tablespoon brine from the jar, Kosher salt, 3 cups shredded rotisserie chicken from 1 small chicken, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus cilantro leaves for topping, 1 tablespoon Asian chile sauce such as Sriracha], title: OpenFace Vietnamese Chicken Sandwiches, picturelink: HEd9TRxCu9Zm19pU3h5TkutRBiY17q.}, 38898: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl whisk egg yolks and 12 cup sugar until it is a pale yellow, set aside. In a medium saucepan heat heavy cream, over low heat, to just a boil. Slowly add cream to yolks, whisking constantly to avoid curdling. Transfer yolk mixture back to saucepan. Cook until custard thickens and coats the back of a spoon, then add vanilla and whiskey. Keep custard over low heat to keep warm, but do not allow eggs to curdle. In a clean medium bowl whisk the egg whites, remaining 1 tablespoon of sugar, cream of tartar and salt until stiff peaks form. Drop heaping spoonfuls of the meringue onto a parchment lined baking sheet. Bake 8 minutes, or until peaks are golden. To assemble, divide custard into 4 shallow bowls. Top each with a meringue peak, sprinkle with berries and powdered sugar., ingredients: [4 eggs, separated, 12 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons whiskey, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup raspberries, 12 cup blackberries, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar], title: Manhattan Floating Island, picturelink: null}, 38899: {instructions: Mix sugar and flour in a saucepan. Separate eggs. Reserve whites for meringue. Stir yolks with a fork until blended. Add milk in same cup as egg yolks. Slowly stir eggmilk mixture into sugarflour mixture until well blended. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until very thick. Remove thickened custard from heat, add butter and allow to melt. Cool. Add vanilla flavoring.nDivide half of the crushed wafers between 4 8ounce glasses or goblets. Top each with 5 to 6 slices banana. Pour half of the cooled custard evenly into each glass over the bananas. Repeat each layer with the remaining ingredients. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nTo make the meringue: whisk together the reserved egg whites and sugar in a large heatproof bowl. Set the bowl over a saucepan of gently simmering water and whisk constantly until the sugar is dissolved and whites are very hot to the touch. Transfer the mixture to the bowl of a standing mixer. Whip the whites until stiff, glossy peaks form and the meringue is cool. Add the vanilla and mix well. Spoon the meringue or pipe with a piping bag over the pudding in each glass.nUsing a handheld blowtorch, brown the meringue until golden. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 2 heaping tablespoons flour, 1 12 cups evaporated milk, 3 large eggs, 1 stick unsalted butter 8 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 30 vanilla wafers, crushed about 1 cup crumbs, 3 to 4 bananas, sliced, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla], title: Banana Pudding Parfaits, picturelink: null}, 38900: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 425 degrees F. Whisk the eggs, milk, flour, 2 tablespoons of the melted butter, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a bowl or measuring cup until smooth a few lumps are fine cover the batter, and refrigerate until needed.nCook the sausage in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, breaking up any big chunks with the back of a wooden spoon, until browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes transfer to a small bowl, and set aside. Lower the heat to medium, and add the remaining 1 tablespoon melted butter to the skillet. Once the butter is bubbling, add the mushrooms, parsley, shallots and some salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are lightly browned and softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the sausage. Put the skillet in the oven to heat the mushroomsausage mixture through, 2 minutes. Sprinkle the Gruyere evenly over the mixture, and carefully pour in the batter make sure that the sausage and mushrooms are evenly distributed over the bottom of the pan. Bake until browned and puffed, 20 to 22 minutes. Serve immediately with salad., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 12 cup whole milk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound breakfast sausage, casings removed and meat crumbled, 12 pound white button mushrooms, stems removed and caps cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 cup grated Gruyere or Swiss cheese, Tossed green salad, for serving], title: SausageandMushroom Dutch Baby, picturelink: tEPwjsQTfDHNmO8VMlh2NmDgNSK0XK}, 38901: {instructions: Rinse the artichokes thoroughly. Fill a large mixing bowl with cold water and squeeze the juice of half a lemon into it. With a large knife, cut off the stem flush with the base of each artichoke. Pull off and discard any small or discolored leaves around the base. Remove one or two rows of leaves by bending outward and down so that the top part snaps off of the leafs fleshy base. Place the artichoke on its side on the cutting board and, with a heavy sharp knife, cut off about 1 12 inches from the top. With kitchen scissors, trim off the pointy ends of all the remaining leaves. Halve the artichokes lengthwise and, using a paring knife or a teaspoon, dig out and discard the fuzzy chokes. When each artichoke has been trimmed and halved, drop them into the cold water and continue trimming.nIn a very large nonreactive sauce pan, bring the water to a boil and add 1 tablespoon of the salt and the juice of the remaining lemon half. Drop the artichokes into the water and cook them for about 10 to 20 minutes, or until just barely tender cooking time will depend on the size of the artichoke. Remove the artichokes and drain cut side down in a colander.nIn a heavy casserole, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the whole garlic cloves and saute for a few seconds, without letting it brown. Add the onion rings, carrots, serrano, bay leaves, peppercorns, oregano, nutmeg, and remaining 12 tablespoon salt. Saute the mixture for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the artichokes, cook for 1 minute more, and add the vinegar and the white wine. Stir together and increase the heat so that the mixture comes to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside in the pan to cool to room temperature. Discard the bay leaves. If desired, the escabeche could be refrigerated for up to 1 week, very tightly covered. Garnish with sprigs of oregano when serving., ingredients: [6 medium artichokes about 8 ounces each, or 12 baby artichokes about 2 ounces each, 1 lemon, halved, 4 quarts water, 1 12 tablespoons coarse sea salt, 34 cup olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, 1 12 medium onions, peeled and sliced 14 inch thick, then separated into rings, 2 medium carrots, cut into fine julienne, 1 serrano pepper, stemmed, seeded, and cut into fine julienne, 4 bay leaves, 10 black peppercorns, 6 sprigs of oregano, leaves only finely chopped, Pinch of ground nutmeg, 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 14 cups white wine, Sprigs of fresh oregano, for serving], title: Artichokes en Escabeche, picturelink: null}, 38902: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpread a thin layer of sugar on a saucer. Run 1 lime wedge around rim of 2 margarita or martini glasses. Press rims into sugar on saucer to create narrow sugared edge on each glass.nIn a cocktail shaker or small pitcher, combine tequila, mango nectar, lime juice and ice cubes. Shake or stir vigorously for 30 seconds. Strain equal amounts into each glass. Squeeze juice from 1 lime piece into each drink and drop lime piece in. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Sugar, for rim of glasses, 12 lime, cut into quarters, 12 cup tequila, 23 cup mango nectar, 3 tablespoons bottled lime juice, 1 cup ice cubes], title: Mango Margaritas, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 38903: {instructions: In large skillet add the oil and heat. Add all of the seafood ingredients and Old Bay Seasoning and cook for 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Add vegetables, mix thoroughly and cook for 35 minutes. Add the soy sauce and wine and cook for another 30 minutes. Serve with rice, salad, and tortillas., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 12 pound fresh salmon, 34 pound scallops, 12 pound calamari rings, 1 pound large shrimp, cleaned, tail on, 2 tablespoons Old Bay seasoning, 2 cups diced red bell peppers, 1 cup diced green bell peppers, 1 cup diced yellow bell peppers, 1 cup diced tomato, 12 cup diced onion, 2 cups sliced mushrooms, 2 cups sliced zucchini, 14 cup light soy sauce, 12 cup white wine], title: Seafood Parrillada, picturelink: null}, 38904: {instructions: Place the shrimp shells in a saucepan, along with the thyme, bay leaves and peppercorns. Add 3 cups of water, bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer until reduced by a third, about 30 minutes. Strain the liquid you should have about 1 cup and discard the shells.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over moderate heat. Add the onion, scallions, salt and pepper and saute until soft, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic, tomatoes, aji and reserved shrimp stock and simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the coconut milk, shrimp, lime juice and peas, and cook until the shrimp are pink and just cooked, turning the shrimp once as they cook, about 3 minutes. Serve over white rice., ingredients: [1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, shells reserved, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 3 scallions, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 medium tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 2 teaspoons Aji, 1 12 cups coconut milk, Juice of 6 limes, 1 12 cups peas, fresh or frozen], title: Shrimp in Coconut Milk, picturelink: null}, 38905: {instructions: Make the crust: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch pan with vegetable oil and line with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on all sides grease the foil with oil. Pulse the butter, flour, both sugars and the salt in a food processor until the dough comes together, about 1 minute. Press evenly into the bottom and about 12 inch up the sides of the prepared pan, making sure there are no cracks. Bake until the crust is golden, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Whisk the whole eggs and yolks, sugar and flour in a bowl until smooth. Whisk in the lemon zest and juice. Remove the crust from the oven and reduce the temperature to 300 degrees F. Pour the filling over the warm crust and return to the oven. Bake until the filling is just set, 30 to 35 minutes.nLet the bars cool in the pan on a rack, then refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours. Lift out of the pan using the foil and slice. Dust with confectioners sugar before serving.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for greasing, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, diced, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for garnish, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs, plus 2 egg yolks, 2 cups granulated sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, sifted, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 cup fresh lemon juice from about 8 lemons], title: Classic Lemon Bars, picturelink: 2xKB.sWhOCh6SvOqC7GifnecTubI336}, 38906: {instructions: Special equipment: Rolling pin 6 4inch tart molds with removable bottoms 3 cups of pie weights or dried beans Cheese graternPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the pastry: Roll the pastry to 14inch thickness and cut into 6 6inch rounds. Place the pastry in 6 4inch tart molds. With a knife trim the excess pastry. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nLine each tart shell with a piece of parchment paper and fill to the rim with pie weights.nBake for 15 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Remove the pie weights and parchment from the tart shells and bake for 10 minutes.nFor the filling: Whisk together the lemon juice, eggs, yolks, sugar, and vanilla extract.nPour the lemon mixture into a medium pot. Place over medium heat and stir with a spatula for about 5 minutes, until the mixture begins to thicken. Pour the lemon mixture onto a baking sheet and cool completely.nSpoon the cooled lemon mixture or curd into the baked tart shells.nFor the meringue: Beat the egg whites with the vanilla extract and cream of tartar until soft peaks form. Continue beating while adding the sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time. The finished meringue should have stiff glossy peaks. Mound the meringue on top of the tarts.nMake sure there is a good seal between the meringue and the edge of the crust. Bake the tarts in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the meringue is golden. Let cool for 15 minutes before removing from the molds.nSift the flour and salt into a large mixing bowl. Using a cheese grater, grate the butter and shortening into the flour. Combine the mixture with your fingers until it resembles cornmeal. Add the ice cold water and mix with a spoon, pulling the water into the flour until a dough forms.nWith your hands, shape the dough into 2 balls and flatten them into disks. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Store in the refrigerator for up to 4 days and in the freezer for up to 1 month., ingredients: [112 pounds short crust pastry, recipe follows, 2 cups lemon juice, 6 eggs, 6 egg yolks, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 egg whites, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup sugar, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces unsalted butter, cold, 8 ounces shortening, cold, 12 cup ice cold water], title: Individual Lemon Meringue Tarts, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 38907: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace 12 cup of the pomegranate juice into a medium mixing bowl and sprinkle the gelatin on top. Set aside.nPlace the remaining juice and the sugar into a small saucepan and place over high heat. Bring just to a boil. Remove from the heat and add to the juice and gelatin mixture, stirring to combine. Place the bowl into the refrigerator and chill, just until the mixture begins to set up, approximately 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from the refrigerator and stir in the seeds. Place into a 2 cup mold of your choice or 4 12 cup individual molds and chill until set., ingredients: [2 cups pomegranate juice, not from concentrate, 2 envelopes unflavored gelatin, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup pomegranate seeds], title: Pomegranate Gelatin, picturelink: 9wIzdSbI6vqS.KB45ctcEYRq5RQ2yIe}, 38908: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill. Place a medium pot of water on the stove to boil. While the grill heats and the water comes to a boil, prepare the Orange Vinaigrette, and set aside until needed.nTrim the bottoms of the asparagus and cook for 30 seconds in the boiling water. Remove from the pot to a plate.nPlace the salmon fillets on a large plate and coat with 14 cup olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper. Put the salmon fillets on the hottest part of the grill, starting with the skinless side down. Grill for about 5 to 10 minutes on each side, or until desired doneness.nWhile the salmon is grilling, combine the salad greens, olives, oranges, onions, and half of the vinaigrette in a large bowl. Toss to combine. Divide the salad mixture evenly among 4 plates.nWhen the salmon is nearly done, coat the asparagus with the remaining olive oil, salt, and pepper. Put the asparagus on the grill. Grill lightly, moving the spears around the heat frequently with tongs, for about 3 minutes.nRemove the salmon and asparagus from the grill and distribute them evenly among the 4 plates on top of the greens mixture. Drizzle the remaining dressing over the salmon and serve.nZest the oranges with a zester or the fine side of a box grater. Finely chop the zest with a knife, then squeeze the juice out of the oranges into a small stainless steel bowl. Add the zest, shallots, brown sugar, and rice vinegar to the orange juice and whisk together. Slowly, in a steady stream, add the canola oil and extravirgin olive oil while constantly whisking, until combined. Add the salt, pepper, and orange oil the orange oil is strong, so just a very small amount is needed. Set the dressing aside while preparing the rest of the salad.nBoyajian Orange Oil is available at specialty food stores.nYield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [Orange Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 20 asparagus spears, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, 12 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 pound baby salad greens, 1 cup kalamata olives, sliced in half, 2 oranges, peeled and segmented, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 2 oranges, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots, 1 teaspoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon seasoned rice vinegar, 1 cup canola oil, 12 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 12 teaspoon orange oil recommended: Boyajian Orange Oil], title: Grilled Salmon Salad, picturelink: A2NOstrNLch.oU1QiM3SiCXjQFJBntW}, 38909: {instructions: Preheat a stovetop grill or griddle. Cut the bread in half lengthwise. Hollow out the insides. Set asidenMake compound butter by combining butter, olives and oregano.nSpread and even layer of compound butter on each cut surface of bread. Reassemble the pieces.nBrush outside of bread with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nPlace the bread on the griddle and top with pans or other type of weight to gently press the bread while it is toasting. Griddle or grill about 4 minutes on each side, or until golden brown.nServe warm., ingredients: [1 large, round soft crusted loaf of bread, 4 tablespoons sweet butter, softened, 2 tablespoons Picholine olives, pitted and chopped, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Pressed Sandwich, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 38910: {instructions: In a heatproof bowl set over simmering water, heat the cream until hot to the touch but not boiling and turn off the heat. Add the butter and 12 ounces of the chocolate to the hot cream. Stir until the chocolate melts. Meanwhile, mince the raisins and combine them with the rum in a small bowl. Stir the raisins and rum mixture into the melted chocolate mixture, cover with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature for 6 hours or overnight.nThe next day, using a very small 1 14inch ice cream scoop you can also use 2 spoons, scoop balls of the mixture onto sheet pans lined with parchment paper. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nWhen the chocolate is cold, place 10 ounces of the remaining chocolate in a small glass bowl and heat it in a microwave on high for 20 seconds exactly. Stir the chocolate and continue to heat it in the microwave for 20 seconds at a time, stirring in between, until the chocolate is smooth and shiny. This will take 5 or 6 times, depending on your microwave. Add the remaining 4 ounces of chocolate and stir until smooth. The chocolate should be 85 degrees F to 90 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. If itu00bfs too cool, heat it briefly in the microwave. Youu00bfll want it to be pourable.nUsing 2 spoons, pick up a chilled ball in one spoon and warm chocolate in the other and roll them around together until the chilled ball is completely coated in warm chocolate donu00bft drop the ball into the chocolate or the warm chocolate will cool off. Place the coated truffle back on the parchment paper. Continue coating the balls until theyu00bfre all covered with milk chocolate. Allow to sit at room temperature until the chocolate hardens. Serve at room temperature.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 26 ounces good milk chocolate, chopped, divided, 1 12 ounces raisins about 2 tablespoons, 14 cup dark rum, such as Mount Gay], title: Rum Raisin Truffles, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 38911: {instructions: Put the white chocolate in a large bowl.nAdd the heavy cream to a heavybottomed saucepan and warm it over very low heat. Put the white chocolate into a bowl and pour in the hot cream. Whisk until all of the chocolate has melted. Add the butter and whisk until the mixture is smooth. Refrigerate the ganache for 1 to 2 hours, just enough to be able to form it into balls.nUse a tablespoon or small scoop to measure even amounts of ganache into small balls. Put the balls on a parchment or silicone mat lined sheet tray. Refrigerate for 1 hour to firm up before the next step.nMelt the dark chocolate in a double boiler or a microwave. Dip each ball in the melted chocolate 2 forks make it easier to fish out dipped chocolate balls. Put the coconut into a medium bowl and add the ganache balls. Toss to cover them in the coconut, then put them on a wire rack over a parchment lined tray to dry. Allow the truffles to set for about 10 minutes before devouring., ingredients: [13 cup cream, 14 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon butter, 8 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, 1 12 cups coconut, toasted and finely ground], title: Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 38912: {instructions: Combine sake and vodka in a cocktail shaker with the chipped ice and shake well. Strain into a martini glass and garnish with a slice of Japanese cucumber., ingredients: [2.5 ounces dry sake, 1ounce vodka, Chipped ice, 1 Japanese cucumber, cut into 14inch rounds, for garnish], title: Ice Cold Saketini, picturelink: null}, 38913: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and place a cooling rack on top. Mist the rack lightly with cooking spray.nCombine the beef, egg, 14 cup ketchup, the onion, breadcrumbs, Worcestershire sauce, parsley, thyme, 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper, and the garlic powder in a large bowl. Use your hands to mix everything together.nShape tablespoonfuls of the meat into small, thin patties, about 2 inches in diameter. Place on the prepared rack on the baking sheet. Brush the patties with the remaining 14 cup ketchup and bake about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, spread mayonnaise on one side of each bun. Serve each meatloaf slider on a prepared bun.nPhotograph by Mark Peterson, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 pound extralean ground beef, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup grated onion, 14 cup breadcrumbs, 12 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, Mayonnaise, for serving, 24 slidersize hamburger buns, split], title: Meatloaf Sliders, picturelink: jh7M.yPx2E47t2DsHXytRYvEqpJvCyy}, 38914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the apple juice, seltzer, vodka and schnapps into a pitcher and stir. Pour into chilled glasses. Garnish with edibles flowers., ingredients: [2 cups apple juice, chilled, 1 cup seltzer water, chilled, 12 cup vanilla vodka, chilled, 14 cup cinnamon schnapps, chilled, 4 edible flowers, for garnish], title: Wonderland Cocktail, picturelink: eHqIQp7BtpGXi7mTjDgMJzUEuII2hO}, 38915: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMash the cilantro, onions, canola oil, if using, avocados, lime juice and jalapenos together in a bowl, using a fork guacamole should be chunky. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons finely diced red onion, Few tablespoons canola oil, optional, 3 ripe Hass avocado, peeled, pitted and diced, Juice of 2 limes, 1 or 2 jalapenos, finely diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Guacamole, picturelink: ld0vfNWtpgUWhwDZesrGzoGn3fvVC}, 38916: {instructions: Mix all ingredients and saute in an oiled or buttered ovenproof pan for a few minutes. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven until cooked through and set., ingredients: [Ground beef, Potatoes, diced, Peas, Green peppers, chopped, 2 slices Velveeta cheese, diced, 3 eggs, slightly beaten, Cooked pasta, Fish sticks, as an accompaniment], title: Fritata, picturelink: null}, 38917: {instructions: Whisk the yogurt until smooth. Add the rest of the ingredients, plus a little freshly ground black pepper if you like. Stir, chill, and serve., ingredients: [2 cups plain whole milk or lowfat yogurt, 2 cups grated English or Persian cucumber unpeeled, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 sprigs fresh mint, leaves only, minced finely, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Indian Cucumber and Yogurt Salad: Cucumber Raita, picturelink: 0UCsDwK7jzhJEqb1inXv8woIOEfH.Qe}, 38918: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour the coconut milk into a clean ice cube tray it will not fill the entire tray and freeze at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nAdd the coconut milk cubes, strawberries, pineapples, pineapple juice and flax seeds to a blender and puree until smooth. Pour into glasses and serve., ingredients: [1 cup coconut milk, 1 12 cups fresh or frozen strawberries, 1 cup fresh or canned pineapple chunks, 14 cup unsweetened pineapple juice, 2 tablespoons flax seeds], title: GlutenFree Coconut Pineapple Strawberry Smoothies, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 38919: {instructions: For the banana bread: Put a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9inch loaf pan with nonstick cooking spray.nPut the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook until the butter turns a deep golden brown. Remove and let cool slightly.nSift the flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon into a small bowl. Mash the bananas in a medium bowl, and then whisk in the granulated and brown sugars, egg and cooled brown butter. Add the flour mixture and whisk until just combined dont overmix.nScrape the batter into the prepared pan and bake on the lower rack of the oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 45 to 55 minutes. Let cool on a baking rack in the pan for 15 minutes. Remove from the pan and let cool completely on the rack. Once completely cool, wrap and keep overnight.nFor the bananas Foster sauce: Melt the butter in a skillet over high heat. Stir in the muscovado sugar and cook, stirring, until melted. Stir in the rum and cook, stirring, until the rum is almost completely evaporated. Whisk in the cream and cook until just heated through. Add the bananas and cook for 1 minute longer. Keep warm while you make the waffles.nFor the waffles: Heat a waffle iron according to the manufacturers instructions. Spray with nonstick spray. Slice the banana bread about 1 inch thick, lay the slices on the waffles grates you may be able to fit just 3 in comfortably, close the cover and cook, pressing if necessary to squeeze the bread, until golden brown and slightly crisped, 40 seconds to 1 minute. Repeat with the remaining banana bread slices. Serve with some of the bananas Foster sauce spooned over the top., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for the pan and waffle iron, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 overripe bananas, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 large egg, beaten, Bananas Foster Sauce:, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 34 cup light brown muscovado sugar, 14 cup dark rum, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 large ripe bananas, peeled and sliced into 12inch pieces on the bias], title: Banana Bread Waffles with Bananas Foster Sauce, picturelink: Ogr9zc57EKdHajyoA82p0l0531dC1Ry}, 38920: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the racks of ribs in half crosswise. Rub the ribs, paying special attention to the meaty side, with 12 cup of the sauce. Lay the rib pieces meat side down in an 11 by 13inch baking dish. The pieces will overlap slightly.nCover the dish tightly with aluminum foil and bake until the meat begins to pull away from the ends of the bones and the ribs are just tender, about 1 hour. You can bake the ribs up to a day before and keep them refrigerated. Bring refrigerated ribs to room temperature about 1 hour before you grill them.nPreheat an outdoor grill to mediumhigh heat. Grill the ribs, brushing them with about half the remaining sauce, until theyre crispy and heated through, about 10 minutes. Move the ribs around as they grill, the sugar in barbecue sauce makes it easy for them to burn. Let the ribs rest for 5 to 10 minutes before cutting them into 1 or 2bone pieces. Put out the rest of the sauce for dipping or brush it over the ribs.nStir all ingredients together in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. The sauce will keep in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 racks baby back ribs about 2 12 pounds, 1 recipe Bourbon Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup steak sauce, 12 cup bourbon or good dark beer, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon regular or grainy Dijon mustard, 2 pinches red pepper flakes, Kosher salt], title: Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 38921: {instructions: Preheat a castiron pan over high heat.nCombine the Cheddar, pimientos, cream cheese, hot sauce, Worcestershire and garlic in a food processor pulse to a pastelike consistency and set aside.nCut the corn off the cob and set aside do not discard the cobs. Add the oil to the pan, then add the corn and let char. Add in the scallion whites and cook a few minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium pot, add the corn cobs, thyme bundle and bay leaf, and cover with chicken stock. Simmer 15 minutes, then strain and use to thin the pimiento cheese. Serve the corn with the pimiento cheese., ingredients: [1 12 cups shredded sharp yellow Cheddar, One 4ounce jar chopped pimientos, well drained, One 8ounce brick cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, or more to taste, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, or more to taste, 1 large clove garlic, grated, 4 ears corn, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 spring onions or scallions, sliced on the bias, whites and greens separated, 1 small bundle fresh thyme, 1 fresh bay leaf, Chicken stock, for simmering], title: Pimiento Cheese Creamed Corn, picturelink: null}, 38922: {instructions: In a large saute pan on high heat, coat well with oil and add alligator. Season and quickly brown meat, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and set aside on paper towels. Wipe out pan and coat lightly with oil. Saute the garlic and ginger for 2 minutes. Add the kumquats and stir. In a small bowl, mix together the vinegar, soy and sugar until dissloved. Deglaze with mixture and reduce by 50 percent. Add back the alligator and snap peas, check for seasoning.nIn a small wok or sautee pan, coat lightly with oil and saute the peanuts, chiles and onions for 3 to 4 minutes or until onions start to take on color. Add the rice and stir until hot. Add soy sauce and check for seasoning.nPLATING On a large round plate, place a small mound of rice in the middles and top with alligator. Ladle a little sauce on top. Enjoy.nWINE: Very chilly beer like Fosters or Corona with a lime., ingredients: [Peanut oil, to cook, 1 pound cleaned alligator meat, 12inch dice, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 8 kumquats, 18 inch slices may sub with 2 zested and sectioned oranges or tangerines, 12 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup naturally brewed soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups snap peas, blanched, Salt and freshly ground black peppe,r to taste, Peanut oil, for cooking, 1 cup whole roasted peanuts, unsalted, 5 Thai bird chiles, chopped, 1 small yellow onion, minced, 4 cups cooked Chinese rice or other long grain, 1 tablespoon naturally brewed soy sauce, Salt and freshly ground black peppe, to taste], title: General Tsos Gator Alligator and Snap Peas with Kumquat 321 Sauce Spicy Peanut Rice, picturelink: null}, 38923: {}, 38924: {instructions: Whisk together mustards and wine. Pour over chicken cover, refrigerate, and marinate 24 hours.nTo prepare salsa combine grapes, pine nuts, red onion, green onion, parsley, oil, vinegar, and sugar mix well. Season with salt and pepper.nPreheat grill.nSeason each chicken breast half with salt and pepper.nGrill or broil chicken until firm and juices run clear, 8 to 10 minutes, turning once.nPlate chicken and top with 12 cup grape salsa.nCalories 261 Protein 28g Fat 10g Calories from Fat 36 Carbohydrate 13g Cholesterol 66mg Fiber 1.6g Sodium 510mg, ingredients: [1 14 cups Dijonstyle mustard, 1 14 cups whole grain Dijonstyle mustard, 12 cup dry white wine or chicken stock, 40 breast halves, 4 oz. each boneless, skinless chicken, 3 lbs., 12 oz. California seedless grapes, halved, 12 oz. pine nuts, toasted, 10 oz. red onion, chopped, 8 oz. green onion, chopped, 2 12 oz. 1 14 cups fresh Italian parsley, chopped, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, Salt and fresh ground pepper, as needed], title: Dijon Chicken with Grape and Pine Nut Salsa, picturelink: 26eF91k0CbNL3oBrLg0DW0YQC7DNKsW}, 38925: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel corn down to the end but do not remove the husk from the cob. Remove all the fine hairs along the corn.nIn a medium sized bowl whisk together the remaining ingredients to make a glaze. Spread the glaze on the ears of corn and replace the husk.nOn a mediumhigh grill place the corn, turning occasionally. Cook for 20 minutes. Once cooked, peel the charred husk away from the cob and serve., ingredients: [4 ears corn, not husked, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Pats BBQ Glazed Corn, picturelink: jgQQUbhgk92lKhQX50u2hadJwNVu6.}, 38926: {instructions: For the honey mustard: Combine the honey, mustard and paprika together, and tip into a serving dish.nFor the mayo: Combine the mayonnaise, adobo sauce and chipotle together, and tip into serving dish., ingredients: [34 cup honey, 12 cup yellow mustard, 14 teaspoon paprika, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon adobo sauce from the can of peppers, 1 chipotle pepper, minced], title: Halles Honey Mustard and Calebs Kickin Mayo, picturelink: zC09g99iCxievmMjRWTUrs.ZxVBwdO}, 38927: {instructions: Combine the shallots, thyme, brown sugar, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, vinegar, and oil in a freezertype ziptop plastic bag. Add the steaks. Squeeze out as much air as possible and seal the bag. Place the bag in a medium bowl in the refrigerator to marinate overnight, turning bag several times for even coating.nHeat a grill.nDrain the steaks, reserving the marinade. There will not be much. Pour the marinade into a small saucepan. Rinse the bag with 14 cup water and add to marinade. Simmer 4 to 5 minutes and stir in the butter.nGrill steaks to mediumrare, about 2 minutes each side.nLet stand 4 to 5 minutes before slicing. Thinly slice at an angle across the grain, which runs up and down the short side of the steak. Bring the marinadebutter mixture back to a boil, pour over the meat, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 medium shallots, minced, 1 tablespoon dried thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 pounds London broil top round, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Marinated Grilled London Broil, picturelink: null}, 38928: {instructions: For the ribs:nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nSeason ribs with salt and pepper and sear in a very hot saucepan with a dab of olive oil. When ribs are caramelized all around, remove the ribs and saute the garlic. Add the wine and reduce by half. Add the stock and the ribs back into the pan with the bay leaf, cover and place in preheated oven for 2 hours 30 minutes or until the ribs are fork tender. Remove ribs and let cool, pick meat from the bones and reserve the meat.nFor the remoulade:nMix all ingredients well in a stainless steel bowl and refrigerate.nToast 3 slices of bread and evenly spread 1 tablespoon of the remoulade on each slice. Place 4 ounces of meat on 1 slice of bread and top with another slice of bread. On top of that place 2 pieces pancetta, 1 piece of red pepper, and a small bunch of watercress. Top with another slice of bread. Place 2 toothpicks in the sandwich and slice on a bias. Repeat 3 more times., ingredients: [2 12ounce raw beef short ribs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, 6 sliced garlic cloves, 8 ounces red wine, 16 ounces veal or beef stock, 1 bay leaf, 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped capers Pinch cayenne, 12 slices of your bread of choice, preferably brioche, 4 tablespoons Remoulade, Rib meat, 8 slices cooked pancetta, 1 roasted red pepper, cut into quarters, 1 bunched picked and cleaned watercress], title: Braised Short Rib Club, picturelink: null}, 38929: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large frying pan on mediumhigh heat. Season the roast with salt and pepper. Brown the roast on all sides, remove to a plate, and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine the tomato sauce, Madeira, and garlic. Set aside.nTo a slow cooker add the onions and carrots. Add the browned roast and any accumulated juices. Pour the sauce mixture over the top of roast.nCover and cook on low setting for 8 hours., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 pounds beef rump roast, rinsed and patted dry, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups roasted garlic and herb tomato sauce, 34 cup Madeira wine, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 12 cups frozen pearl onions, 1 cup frozen carrot slices], title: Beef Roast with Tomato Madeira Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38930: {}, 38931: {instructions: Chiffonade spinach and place on platter. Mound mushrooms in center of platter. Sprinkle bacon, scallions, and hard boiled egg around mushrooms and spinach. Drizzle with dressing.nIn a food processor blend all ingredients except oil until smooth and with motor running add oil in a stream, blending until emulsified. Transfer dressing to a jar and keep chilled, covered, until serving., ingredients: [1 pound spinach, coarse stems discarded and leaves washed well and spun dry about 6 cups, 10 ounces mushrooms, sliced thin, 3 slices bacon, cooked until crisp, drained and crumbled, 2 scallions, minced, 2 hard boiled eggs, chopped, 14 cup Spinach Salad Dressing, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon tarragon vinegar, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon sugar, 1 very small garlic clove, chopped, 1 cup olive oil], title: Spinach, Mushroom, and Bacon Salad, picturelink: null}, 38932: {instructions: Put the chili pepper, garlic, sundried tomatoes and basil on a cutting board. Crush the chili pepper and the garlic. With a mezzaluna or sharp knife, finely chop the ingredients and bring to a mulch consistency.nPut the mixture in a jar. Add the olive oil to cover the chili paste. Mix well., ingredients: [1 cup250 ml fresh chili peppers, 2 cloves garlic, 1 cup250 ml sundried tomatoes, Bunch fresh basil leaves, 12 cup125 ml extravirgin olive oil], title: Chili Sauce, picturelink: null}, 38933: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 13 x 9inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray. BEAT cake mix, oil and egg in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in nuts. Reserve 1 cup crumb mixture. Firmly press remaining crumb mixture onto bottom of prepared pan. MELT chocolate chips with sweetened condensed milk, vanilla and salt in small saucepan. Pour evenly over prepared crust. Sprinkle reserved crumb mixture evenly over top. BAKE 25 to 30 minutes or until edges are firm. Cool. Place frosting in resealable plastic bag. Knead until soft. Cut small corner off bag. Drizzle over cooled bars. Cut into bars.nCalories 473,Total Fat Grams25.5,Calories From Fat 229,Calories From Fat Grams Pct Daily Value 39,Saturated Fat Grams 15,Saturated Fat Grams Pct DailyValue 79,CholesterolMilligrams 87,SodiumMilligrams 250,Sodium Milligrams Pct Daily Value 10,Potassium Milligrams 204,Potassium Milligrams Pct Daily Value 6,Total Carbohydrates Grams 49,Total Carbohydrates Grams Pct Daily Value 16,Dietary Fiber Grams 2.6,Dietary Fiber Grams Pct Daily Value 10,Sugars Grams 37,Protein Grams 5.1,Protein Grams Pct Daily Value 10,Vitamin A Pct Daily Value 10,Calcium Pct Daily Value 7,Thiamin Pct Daily Value 5,Niacin Pct Daily Value 11,Vitamin C Pct Daily Value 1,Folate Pct Daily Value 7,Magnesium Pct Daily Value 18,nNutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based on available nutrient data, ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 18.25 oz. package Pillsburyu00ae Chocolate Cake, 13 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 1 large egg, 1 cup chopped nuts, 1 cup 6 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, Dash salt, 14 cup Pillsburyu00ae Vanilla Frosting, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Fantasy Bars, picturelink: w8IylZhvrSHO22QaFYRa4GT4Lhj3.xi}, 38934: {instructions: In a large sauce pan, combine the wild rice, 4 cups of the stock and salt to taste. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer, cover, and cook until tender, about 60 minutes. Drain and transfer the rice to a large bowl. In a medium saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon of the butter over medium heat and add the sausage meat. Cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until it loses its raw color, about 10 minutes. Drain off excess fat, and stir the sausage meat with the rice. In the same pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the butter over mediumlow heat, add the onions, and cook until golden, about 15 minutes. Add the thyme and cook 2 minutes more. Stir the onion mixture with the rice. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the remaining butter in the same pan, over medium heat, and add the mushrooms. Cook until wilted and lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Add to the rice. Add the parsley and 34 cup of stock. Season the rice mixture with salt and pepper to taste. Transfer the mixture to a 9 x 13inch casserole dish, cover with foil, and bake until heated through about 30 minutes. Serve.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 13 cups wild rice 8 ounces, rinsed and drained, 4 34 cups turkey or chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, Kosher salt, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, One 12ounce package loose pork sausage meat, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 ounces shitake mushrooms, stems removed and sliced 14inch thick, 3 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Thanksgiving Wild Rice, picturelink: null}, 38935: {instructions: Place the strawberries and rhubarb in a large microwaveable bowl. Sprinkle fruit with sugar and toss evenly. Microwave on high for 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [1 quart strawberries, rinsed and hulled, 4 cups 12inchthick slices rhubarb, 12 to 34 cup sugar], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Jam, picturelink: null}, 38936: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 8inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray set aside.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the cornbread mix, egg and half of the seafood stock until smooth. Spread mixture into prepared pan and bake for 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and cool for 15 minutes. Once cooled, remove from the pans and break into large pieces with fingers.nIncrease oven temperature to 375 degrees F.nMeanwhile, make the citrus butter sauce by whisking together orange juice, lemon juice, lime juice, orange zest, lemon zest, lime zest, and cornstarch in a medium saucepan over low heat. Bring to a simmer and add butter, continuing to simmer for 5 minutes. Remove sauce from heat, pour into heatproof dish and stir in the cilantro leaves set aside.nSpray a 12inch skillet with nonstick cooking spray and saute the celery leaves, red bell pepper and onions for 2 minutes then add in the shrimp, scallops and crawfish. Continue to saute for another 3 minutes. Add 1 12 teaspoons seafood seasoning, white pepper, cilantro and the cornbread. Add remaining seafood stock, a little at a time, mixing well.nSpray another large skillet with nonstick cooking spray. Stuff the inside of each trout with the cornbread mix and place into skillet. Place any remaining cornbread mixture around fish in skillet. Sprinkle remaining seafood seasoning on fish drizzle with a little citrus butter and bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until fish flakes easily with a fork.nTo serve, divide spring mix or mixed greens onto individual dishes and place 1 trout on top of each. Drizzle with the remaining citrus butter, sprinkle with sliced scallions and garnish with orange slices.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 7ounce pouch cornbread mix recommended: White Sweet Yellow Cornbread Mix, 1 egg, 1 cup seafood stock or broth, divided, 13 cup orange juice, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 14 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon grated lime zest, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 stick butter, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped celery leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped red bell pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped onions, 12 cup frozen baby shrimp, thawed, 12 cup bay scallops, 12 cup chopped crawfish tails, 2 12 teaspoons seafood seasoning, divided recommended: Old Bay, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 6 whole individual serving size cleaned rainbow trout heads on make a nice presentation, 4 cups spring mix or mixed salad greens, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions, 6 orange slices], title: Seafood Stuffed Trout Drizzled with Citrus Butter, picturelink: null}, 38937: {instructions: To make Beef Tenderloin: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the salt and brown sugar and then pour onto a baking sheet. Roll the tenderloin in the salt and sugar mixture, so that the tenderloin is completely covered. In a large braising pan, heat the oil over high heat. Place the whole tenderloin in the hot oil and cook for 4 to 6 minutes on all 4 sides. Remove from the heat and place the tenderloin on a baking sheet. Finish cooking in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the internal temperature of the meat is 140 degrees F. Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes while making the hollandaise sauce. Slice into 12inch thick pieces and serve warm with Hollandaise Diablo.nTo make Hollandaise Diablo: In a blender or food processor fitted with a metal blade, pulse the egg yolks on low. With the machine running, slowly add the melted butter, lemon juice, tomato paste, hot pepper sauce, to taste, and salt, to taste. Pulse until combined. Serve over the sliced beef tenderloin., ingredients: [14 cup salt, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 4 to 5pound beef tenderloin, trimmed, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 5 large egg yolks, 1 12 cups butter, melted and very warm, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, Dash hot pepper sauce, or cayenne pepper, Kosher salt], title: Beef Tenderloin with Hollandaise Diablo, picturelink: null}, 38938: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpray a cookie sheet with cooking spray. Grind the cereal in a food processor. Transfer the cereal to a shallow bowl.nIn a large plastic bag, combine the seasoning, chicken, buttermilk, mustard, sazon, allspice and hot sauce. Seal the bag and shake well. Remove the chicken from the bag and coat with ground cereal. Put the chicken on the cookie sheet and bake until the center of the breast registers 170 degrees F. on an instantread thermometer, about 14 to 16 minutes. Arrange the breasts on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 14 cups bran cereal, 2 teaspoons Creole seasoning, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts about 1 14 pounds, 12 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 packet sazon goya con achiote, 1 teaspoon ground allspice], title: Bran Cereal Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 38939: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, with enough peanut oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.nRelish:nMix all ingredients in a bowl and set aside.nOysters:nMix the flour, smoked paprika, cayenne, salt and pepper, to taste, in a shallow bowl. Add the eggs to another bowl and the bread crumbs to a third bowl. Dredge the oysters in the flour mixture, then in egg and then in bread crumbs. Arrange the breaded oysters on a platter lined with parchment. Fry the oysters, in batches, until crisp and light brown, about 1 to 2 minutes Remove to a paper towel lined platter and season with salt and pepper and a dash of lemon juice.nTo assemble sandwiches:nSpread mayonnaise and relish on the bottoms of the rolls. Add 4 to 5 oysters to each roll and top with a few leaves of arugula. Cover with the roll tops and serve., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 2 jalapenos, minced, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and minced, 2 shallots, minced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 lemon, zested, plus 12 lemon, juiced, 1 lime, zested, plus 12 lime, juiced, 1 cup mayonnaise, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 20 oysters, shucked, 3 eggs, beaten, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 12 lemon, juiced, Mayonnaise, Arugula, 4 to 5 French rolls, split], title: Oyster Po Boy with Jalapeno Relish, picturelink: Vlw.L2JmihTX3KhJtoZJdrJRLV.sQi}, 38940: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees.nCombine all of the seasoning ingredients in a bowl and rub the mix into the beef. Place the brisket in a roasting pan. Slowly cook the beef for 1 hour, turn the beef and cook one hour more before covering with a tight fitting lid. Continue to cook with the lid tightly in place for 2 12 to 3 hours more. This will render most of the fat. Carefully pour off and discard the fat. Allow the beef to rest for 20 to 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons ground cumin seed, 2 tablespoons ground coriander seed, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 to 4 pounds fresh beef brisket], title: Oven Barbecued Beef Brisket, picturelink: null}, 38941: {instructions: Place the sugar in a heavybottomed saucepan and caramelize on high heat stirring constantly. It will turn amber brown in about 5 minutes. When it is a uniform caramel color, add the butter, and stir it in. Once mostly combined, add the chocolate, and stir to blend. Pour it out onto a silpat or parchment lined sheet pan, and spread it with an offset spatula 18inch thick. Let cool and break into small pieces. Store in an airtight container, ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 12 cup butter, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped], title: Chocolate Toffee Bites, picturelink: null}, 38942: {instructions: Boil the potatoes until fork tender, and let cool for 20 minutes.nIn a large bowl, mash the potatoes. For a creamier texture, use a potato ricer. Add the Parmigiano cheese, chopped parsley, and season with salt and pepper. Add one egg and mix well, until all the ingredients are evenly distributed.nGrab a handful of mashed potatoes and press into logs that are 1 12inches thick by 3 inches long. With your finger, create an indentation in the middle of the log and add a slice of mozzarella. Close up the logs and make sure the mozzarella is fully covered. Reshape if necessary.nFor the batter, dip potato logs in a beaten egg and cover with breadcrumbs.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil in a large pot to 350 degrees F.nFry in the oil in batches until the potato croquettes are crispy and golden brown.nLet drain on a paper towel lined plate, and serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 pounds potatoes, peeled, 12 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, 12 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, 1 mozzarella ball, cut into thin strips, 1 cup dried bread crumbs, Extravirgin olive oil, for frying], title: Potato Croquette, picturelink: null}, 38943: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and set a rack 2 inches from the heat.nToss the beans with the oil, 34 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Place them on a baking sheet in a single layer. Broil the beans until crisp tender and charred in places, about 4 minutes.nStir together the cilantro stems and mayonnaise. Sprinkle each fillet with a generous pinch of salt and pepper, and then divide the cilantro mixture among the fillets, spreading to cover. Place the fillets over the beans and continue to broil until the fish is just cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes.nGarnish with the chopped cilantro before serving., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, trimmed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper, 12 cup finely chopped cilantro stems about 1 bunch, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, Four 6ounce skinless Arctic char fillets, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Cilantro Crusted Arctic Char with Green Beans, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 38944: {instructions: With a mortar and pestle or food processor, blend the shrimp paste, red pepper flakes, ginger, lemongrass, chile, cilantro and salt into a smooth paste. Transfer to a medium bowl and stir in the coconut milk and oil the marinade will be the consistency of a wet rub.nIn a large pot, bring about 12 cups of water to a boil. Parboil the lobsters, covered, 5 five to 7 minutes.nRemove the lobsters from the pot and plunge into ice water to stop the cooking.nPlace the lobsters upside down on a cutting board. Slice in half lengthwise from the tail to the top of the head, leaving the tomalley but removing the lungs. Place the lobsters cutside up in a large baking dish. Pour the marinade over the lobsters and marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for 2 to 4 hours.nPreheat a grill to medium heat.nRemove the lobsters from the marinade and place shellside down on the hot grill. Cook the lobsters until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes per side.nBefore serving, crack open the claws, and then serve immediately with lemon wedges and the Fennel and Mandarin Salad.nCut the fennel bulbs in half through the stem, and then slice very thinly. Place in a large bowl and add the mandarin segments and micro herbs.nIn a small bowl, combine the lemon juice, soy sauce, honey and garlic. Whisk together while slowly adding the oil. Drizzle half of the dressing over the fennel salad and toss. Taste and add more dressing if needed, and then adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nServe garnished with sliced scallions and toasted almonds., ingredients: [1 heaping tablespoon shrimp paste, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 2 stalks lemongrass, tender white parts only, minced, 1 red Fresno chile, chopped with seeds, 1 small handful cilantro stems and leaves, chopped, Pinch sea salt, One 13.5ounce can coconut milk, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 live lobsters 1 12 pounds each, placed in freezer for 20 minutes to 1 hour before cooking, 1 lemon, sliced into wedges, for garnish, Fennel and Mandarin Salad, recipe follows, 2 medium fennel bulbs, trimmed, 6 mandarin oranges, segmented, 1 cup micro herbs, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons light soy sauce, 12 teaspoon honey, 1 clove garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 scallion, thinly sliced on the angle, for garnish, 13 cup toasted sliced almonds, for garnish], title: Grilled Coconut Lobster, picturelink: null}, 38945: {instructions: Steep the tea bag in the vodka for 5 minutes. After steeping, remove tea bag and squeeze. Discard tea bag. In a shaker filled with ice, combine vodka mixture and orange liqueur. Shake well and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with an orange or tangerine slice and serve cold., ingredients: [1 tangerineorange flavored tea bag recommended: Celestial Seasonings Tangerine Orange Zinger tea, 3 ounces premium vodka, Ice cubes, 1ounce orange liqueur, 1 orange or tangerine slice, for garnish], title: Zingertini, picturelink: UoQ9GLIkntcmLMaC9IRM7yI7VhC1msK}, 38946: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLay the bacon out on parchment lined, rimmed baking sheet and sprinkle each slice with a thin, even layer of brown sugar. Bake until the bacon is beginning to brown and crisp, but is not completely done, about 8 to 10 minutes. It will continue to cook with the hot browns. Remove from oven and set aside.nToast the bread in a toaster, until lightly browned. Cut each piece of toast diagonally into triangles and overlap 3 triangles into each of 4 individual ovalshaped baking dishes. Alternatively, hot browns can be assembled and baked on ovenproof dinner plates.nMornay Sauce: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the butter and cook until the bubbling begins to diminish, indicating that the water in the butter is evaporating. Add the flour and stir with a wooden spoon to form a roux, cooking and stirring constantly for 2 to 3 minutes, being careful not to let the roux brown. Add the milk all at once, and continue to stir with a wooden spoon or whisk, while bringing mixture to a simmer.nContinue to cook until smooth and thick, using a whisk to break up any lumps that form. Turn off the heat and add the Cheddar and Swiss cheeses, stirring until melted and combined. The cheese will thicken the sauce, so additional milk may be added, if desired. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCover the toast in each baking dish with about 14 cup of sauce. Then top with a layer of roasted turkey. Cover the turkey with additional sauce and put 2 strips of the bacon on top in a crisscross fashion. Sprinkle each dish with about 1 tablespoon of grated Parmesan and bake until bubbly, about 10 minutes.nWhile the hot browns are baking, combine all the ingredients for dressed tomatoes in a mediumsize bowl and toss to combine.nDuring the last 2 to 3 minutes of baking, turn on the broiler to brown the tops of the hot browns. Remove from oven and serve hot, with a small dish of tomatoes on the side or piled atop the hot browns, if desired.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [8 slices thick cut maple bacon, 14 cup brown sugar, 6 slices good quality white sandwich bread, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 1 cup grated white Cheddar, 12 cup grated Swiss cheese recommended: Kerrygold, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 roasted turkey breast, sliced 14inch thick about 12 ounces total, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup red grape tomatoes, halved, 1 cup yellow pear tomatoes, halved or quartered depending on size, 2 tablespoons chiffonade basil leaves, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Kentucky Hot Browns, picturelink: 7MxTEN6nnc3HDQYBzPO42UlNUBIXGui}, 38947: {instructions: In a wok, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add garlic and onions and stirfry until translucent.nAdd pork and sear. Add soy sauce, chicken stock, oyster sauce, carrots, celery, cabbage, and sausage to wok. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes or until vegetables are al dente and wok is almost dry.nDrain rice noodles, stir into wok and cook for 5 to 7 minutes on mediumlow heat with meat and vegetables.nSeason, to taste, and serve immediately on a warmed plate. Garnish with scallions and a lemon wedge., ingredients: [4 ounces soy oil, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 4 ounces julienned Spanish onion, 1 pound boneless pork loin, trimmed and cut into 1 12 inch strips, 4 ounces soy sauce, 2 pints white chicken stock, 12 ounce oyster sauce, 14 ounces carrots, washed, peeled and cut julienne, 14 green cabbage, washed and finely cut chiffonade, 8 ounces Chinese sausage, cut into narrow strips, about 1 12 inches long, 1 pound rice noodles, soaked in warm water to cover for 20 minutes, Salt and ground white pepper, 3 scallions, washed, trimmed, and coarsely chopped, as a garnish, 2 lemons, washed, tips cut off, sliced into wedges, as a garnish], title: Philippine StirFried Rice Noodles: Pansit Grisado, picturelink: null}, 38948: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 12quart ice creamsorbet maker recommended: CuisinartnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel and slice the sweet potato into 12inch pieces or thinner and add them to a baking dish. Mix the brown sugar and agave nectar together in a small bowl and pour it over the sweet potatoes. Bake for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nCool the potatoes in the refrigerator overnight, which will help soften the potatoes. Blitz the potatoes in a food processor. Make certain all of the syrup is being mixed in with the potatoes and not falling to the bottom of the processor. Add 2 cups of oat milk and blend. Add the 12 cup of splenda, vanilla extract and pie spice and continue to mix until the milk has turned a light orange color. Pour into an ice cream machine and churn according to your machines instructions. Transfer the ice cream to a covered container and keep in the freezer until ready to enjoy., ingredients: [1 large sweet potato, 12 cup splenda brown sugar, 14 cup agave nectar, 2 cups oat milk, 12 cup splenda, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice], title: Sweet Potato Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 38949: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the bunch of cilantro in a bowl and let it soak for a few minutes to remove the dirt.nPut each salmon fillet in a parchment paper pouch, flesh side up. Season the fish with salt and pepper. Pour the olive oil over the fish, then smear the green curry paste on top of the salmon.nDice the garlic and shallots and sprinkle them on top, then place the lime leaves on top, as well.nCut the lime in 12 and squeeze the lime juice over the fish.nFinally add the fish sauce, wine and chicken stock.nDrain the bowl of cilantro leaves and pat them dry with a paper towel. You can wrap them in a fresh paper towel, place them in a baggie and put them in the refrigerator. The leaves will stay fresh longer that way. Garnish the top with some chopped cilantro leaves.nClose up the pouches and place on a baking sheet. Bake 20 to 30 minutes. Chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour and serve with fresh cilantro sprigs.nJasmine rice can also accompany the dish if you are eating it hot., ingredients: [1 bunch cilantro, 1 to 1 12 pounds fresh salmon fillets, 18 teaspoon salt optional as the fish sauce is quite salty, 18 teaspoon Asian white pepper you can substitute black pepper if you cant find it, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil peanut oil can be substituted as well, but I like the rich flavor of the nontraditional olive oil, 2 tablespoons green curry paste, 4 cloves garlic, 1 shallot, 2 kaffir lime leaves, 1 lime, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 14 cup white wine the drier the better, I am not married to any particular vintage or variety, 14 cup chicken or fish stock you can substitute a dreaded chicken or fish bouillon cube if youre in a pinch, Cooked jasmine rice, for serving optional], title: Cold Thai Salmon, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 38950: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 9 by 13inch baking pansnOne day ahead, make the steak: In a slow cooker, combine the steak, water, tequila, garlic, and 1 serrano chile. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook, on low, until very tender, about 12 hours or overnight. Shred the steak.nMake the enchiladas:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the tomatillo and tomato sauces in a saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring, until hot. Stir in 14 cup of the cheese.nHeat the black beans in another saucepan.nCombine little of the sauce, a bit of the black beans, a smidgen of the cheese, small morsels of the steak, and hints of the diced canned chiles in each tortilla and roll, keeping the ends untucked. Arrange the rolls in the pans and pour the remaining sauce over the top. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese and remaining chiles.nCover the pans with foil and bake for 15 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds tritip steak, cut into large chunks, 1 cup water, 14 cup anejo tequila, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 serrano chile, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 7ounce cans tomatillo sauce, 1 12 cups tomato sauce, 1 pound pepper Jack cheese, grated, 3 15 12ounce cans black beans, 1 7ounce can diced chiles, 2 dozen flour tortillas], title: Zachs Alotta Southwestern Enchiladas, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 38951: {instructions: Put the ice cream base in a 1gallon container. Add the vanilla, lemon concentrate, and buttermilk and stir to combine. Freeze until the mixture forms a peak, about 10 minutes.nAfter freezing, fold in the cheesecake and graham cracker pieces. Then swirl in the blueberry sauce. Let harden thoroughly in the freezer before serving, approximately 12 hours in a home freezer.nYou can swirl the 2 ice cream flavors together Blueberry Buttermilk Cheesecake and Chocolate Cinnamon Caramel if you keep 1 flavor semisoft while the other is being prepared., ingredients: [9 cups sweet cream ice cream base, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 14 teaspoon lemon concentrate, 3 cups buttermilk, 6 12 ounces highquality cheesecake chunks, 3 12 ounces graham cracker pieces, broken, 10 12 ounces blueberry sauce], title: Blueberry Buttermilk Cheesecake Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 38952: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCookies:nIn a medium bowl combine the flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.nIn the large bowl combine the butter and the sugar. Using an electric mixer beat the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating until incorporated. Add the ricotta cheese, lemon juice, and lemon zest. Beat to combine. Stir in the dry ingredients.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Spoon the dough about 2 tablespoons for each cookie onto the baking sheets. Bake for 15 minutes, until slightly golden at the edges. Remove from the oven and let the cookies rest on the baking sheet for 20 minutes.nGlaze:nCombine the powdered sugar, lemon juice, and lemon zest in a small bowl and stir until smooth. Spoon about 12teaspoon onto each cookie and use the back of the spoon to gently spread. Let the glaze harden for about 2 hours. Pack the cookies into a decorative container., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 1 15ounce container whole milk ricotta cheese, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 lemon, zested, 1 12 cups powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 lemon, zested], title: Lemon Ricotta Cookies with Lemon Glaze, picturelink: JoANMuX9ipdw0LaPbc09V0yXAvujEa}, 38953: {instructions: Prepare the chicken stock by combining the chicken bones, onion, and garlic head in a large pot. Add enough water to cover, about 1 gallon, and bring to a boil. Skim and discard foam that rises to the top. Reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, about 1 hour, periodically skimming foam from the top. If liquid is evaporating too rapidly, add a cup or two of water. Strain by lifting liquid out with a ladle. Discard the onion and garlic, and set aside to cool. Reserve 2 quarts for the soup, and save the extra for another use. It will keep in the refrigerator up to 5 days.nHeat the 14 cup olive oil in a large saucepan, add the 6 cloves minced garlic, and saute until golden. Add the cured ham, and saute for a minute. Add the tomato and paprika, and saute briefly, then add the reserved chicken stock. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes.Meanwhile, toast the bread, rub half a clove of the remaining 3 garlic cloves over each piece, and drizzle with the remaining olive oil. With a mortar and pestle, pound the leftover garlic halves, cumin seeds, and saffron. Stir paste into the simmering soup, and add the bread, breaking it up a bit.nIf using eggs, break the eggs into the simmering soup and poach them until set, but yolks still soft. Serve soup immediately, ladling it into warm earthenware bowls., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken bones, 1 onion, quartered, 1 head garlic plus 6 cloves, minced and 3 cloves, halved, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 pound cured Spanish ham, or prosciutto, diced, 1 tomato, seeded and diced, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 6 very thin slices country bread, 8 cumin seeds, 8 saffron threads, 6 eggs optional], title: Red Garlic Soup, picturelink: null}, 38954: {instructions: Place about 4 raspberries in each compartment of an ice cube tray, 6 hours before serving iced tea. Fill with water and freeze.nPlace honey, 2 cups water and ginger in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer over low heat for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and add tea bags. Let mixture steep for at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour, then strain out solids.nIn a pitcher combine strained liquid with 6 cups water and lemon juice. Chill in refrigerator.nTo serve, place 3 ice cubes in a tall glass and pour iced tea over cubes. Garnish with lemon slices and mint sprigs., ingredients: [1 cup 4 ounces raspberries, rinsed, Water for ice cube trays, plus 8 cups water, divided, 13 cup honey, 12 cup 2 ounces coarsely chopped fresh ginger, 6 white tea bags, 3 lemons, juiced about 12 cup, Lemon slices, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: LemonGinger Iced Tea with Berry Cubes, picturelink: oA8N2Wq4wPeVW4F5.XadELeoizlDiq}, 38955: {instructions: Preheat oven or toaster oven to highest setting. Pour oil over cut side of garlic bulb and rub into skin. Double wrap garlic in foil and roast 20 to 25 minutes in toaster oven or hot conventional oven.nCombine walnuts, feta, milk, oregano, parsley, black pepper, red pepper and garlic clove in food processor and pulse process until spread is smooth. Scrape spread into serving dish with spatula. Drizzle dip with extravirgin olive oil and serve.nWhen you remove garlic from the oven, turn heat off. Arrange triangles of cut pita or flat brad on a small tray or cookie sheet. Place bread into the hot toaster oven or conventional oven. The bread will be warmed through and lightly toasted in 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 medium bulb garlic, end cut off, 1 clove reserved, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling, 1 cup walnut halves, toasted, 1 12 cups feta cheese, crumbles, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 cup flatleaf parsley, a handful of leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 large clove garlic, reserved from above, cracked away from skin, 4 flat breads or pitas, cut into wedges and toasted], title: Roasted Garlic, Feta and Walnut Dip, Toasted Flat Bread, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 38956: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 ice cube trays 1 large black plastic cauldron available at party or craft stores 1 punch bowl that fits inside the cauldron 1 plastic hand available at party supply stores, sterilized in hot water 1 block dry ice available at supermarkets, ice cream shops or ice companiesnArrange gummy worms in ice cube trays, 1 worm per cube. Fill tray with fruit punch as you normally would water. Freeze until solid, 8 hours or overnight. Place into Witches Brew minutes before serving.nPour the gelatin mix into a large bowl. Slowly stir in the boiling water. Stir at least 2 minutes, until the gelatin is completely dissolved. Stir in the pineapple juice. Let cool to room temperature.nWearing heavy duty gloves or using tongs, place the block of dry ice in the bottom of the cauldron. Dry ice will burn skin, so handle it with gloves and tongs and keep it away from kids and petsnUse an ice pick to break the block into smaller chunks, if necessary.nFill the cauldron with just enough water to cover the dry ice. It will begin to steam.nPlace the punch bowl inside the cauldron, on top of the dry ice. The cauldron will appear to be magically smoking.nEntrap the sterilized rubber hand between the cauldron and the punch bowl, squeezing it tight so the hand appears to be reaching out of the mist for help. Hotglue the hand to the cauldron, if necessary, to hold it in place.nCarefully pour the drink mixture into the punch bowl. Slowly add the chilled vodka and lemonlime soda or ginger ale. Stir gently to mix., ingredients: [1 cup gummy worms or other creepy crawler candy, 1 quart fruit punch, Witchs Brew, recipe follows, 1 6ounce package lime gelatin, 2 cups boiling water, 3 cups chilled pineapple juice, 1 2 liter bottle chilled lemonlime soft drink or ginger ale, 2 cups chilled vodka, optional], title: Wormy Ice Cubes  For Witchs Brew, picturelink: null}, 38957: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Season chicken with salt, pepper, paprika and chili powder. Drizzle breast with a little extra virgin olive oil to coat. Pan grill chicken breasts 5 minutes on each side.nHeat a metal or oven safe glass bowl over low heat and melt butter in the bowl. Add hot sauce to the butter and combine. When the chicken breasts are done, remove from pan and add to the bowl and coat evenly with hot sauce mixture.nPlace chicken breasts on bun bottoms and top with crisp lettuce. Combine sour cream, scallions and blue cheese and slather bun tops with blue cheese sour cream. Affix bun tops on sandwiches and serve with remaining sauce for dipping your veggies. Arrange Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches on dinner plates with red onion, celery and carrot sticks., ingredients: [4 pieces, 6 ounces each, boneless, skinless chicken breast, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 3 palm full, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 13 palm full, A drizzle extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup, 4 ounces, cayenne pepper sauce, preferred brand Franks Red Hot, Bib or leaf lettuce leaves, 4 crusty rolls, split, 2 cups sour cream, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 pound blue cheese, crumbled, Small red onion, thinly sliced, 8 ribs celery, cut into sticks, 2 large carrots, peeled and cut into sticks], title: Hot Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 38958: {instructions: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Heat the vegetable oil in a pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the popcorn kernels cover and cook, shaking the pan, until the popping subsides. Remove from the heat and let any remaining kernels pop for 30 more seconds. Divide the popcorn between the prepared baking sheets, discarding any unpopped kernels. Scatter the apple chips and almonds on top.nMake the caramel: Bring the apple juice, brown sugar and corn syrup to a boil in a large heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook without stirring until the mixture is deep amber and a candy thermometer registers 280 degrees F, about 30 minutes the caramel will bubble vigorously toward the end of the cooking time.nStir the butter into the caramel until melted. Add 2 teaspoons salt and the apple pie spice. Add the applejack and cayenne, if using, and cook until slightly thickened, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat. Pour the hot caramel over the popcorn mixture and carefully toss with two rubber spatulas. Let cool slightly, then separate the mixture into clusters while still warm. Let cool completely.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 23 cup popcorn kernels, 4 cups dried apple chips, broken into pieces, 1 cup unsalted almonds, roughly chopped, 2 cups apple juice, 2 cups packed light brown sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon apple pie spice, 1 tablespoon applejack or other apple brandy optional, 14 to 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper optional], title: Caramel Apple Popcorn Clusters, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 38959: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition rack in center of oven and preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSprinkle beef with salt and pepper. Toss beef with flour in a large bowl to coat. Heat oil in a heavy large casserole or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add 13 of the beef to the hot oil, and sear until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer beef to a clean bowl. Repeat with remaining beef in 2 more batches.nAdd beef broth and bring to a simmer, scraping with a wooden spoon to loosen browned bits on bottom. Return all beef and any accumulated juices to pot. Add soup and simmer uncovered, until liquid thickens slightly and beef is tender, about 15 minutes. Divide stew equally among 4 ovenproof mugs.nOn a floured surface, cut puff pastry into 4 4inch rounds. Moisten rims of mugs with water. Gently adhere puff pastry to each mug. Transfer to baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 12 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds beef cube steak, cut into 1inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 14ounce can reducedsodium beef broth, 1 24ounce jar country vegetable soup, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry], title: Beefy Stew, picturelink: CTfEq6ADJpKf4ys4awoYB4hpdzgXqm}, 38960: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the potatoes, mushrooms, olive oil, thyme and rosemary in a large bowl. Season with some salt and pepper and toss again.nSpread the vegetables on a large baking sheet and dot with the butter. Roast until golden brown and fork tender, about 20 minutes. Remove the thyme sprigs and serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 pounds golden fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small cubes], title: Roasted Fingerlings with Cremini Mushrooms, picturelink: R21rBUWk6grFhHuoWcvKr60hP4LcUai}, 38961: {instructions: In the bottom of a highball glass, muddle together 5 fresh mint leaves, 1 14ounces of simple syrup, 12 lime, quartered. Add the Bacardi rum. Top with club soda or seltzer to fill. Garnish with mint leaves and a branch of sugar cane., ingredients: [5 fresh mint leaves plus a few extra for garnish, 1 14ounces simple syrup, equal amounts of sugar and water, heated until the sugar dissolves, 12 lime cut into quarters, 1 12 ounces Bacardi rum, Club soda, or seltzer, Sugar cane stalks for garnish], title: Mojito, picturelink: null}, 38962: {instructions: Bottom Lemon Cake: In mixing bowl, combine cake mix, pie filling, and coconut. Stir until thoroughly mixed do not add any liquid. Spread this mixture in a 10 by 15inch baking pan. Bake for 30 minutes in a preheated 350 degree F oven. Cool.nTop Creamy Frosting: Combine all ingredients until blended well. Frost the Bottom Lemon Cake. Garnish with sprinkles of lemon zest and cut into 1 12 by 2 12inch bars. Cover and refrigerate overnight for better flavoring., ingredients: [16 ounces store bought angel food cake mix, 1 22ounce can lemon pie filling, 1 cup finely shredded coconut, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 cup butter, softened, 2 12 cups powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Lemon zest, for garnish], title: Lemon Bars, picturelink: null}, 38963: {instructions: Boil 1 pound beets in salted water until tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Drain, then peel and slice into wedges. Toss in a serving bowl with 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped chives or scallions, and salt and pepper. Add 1 bunch arugula and 2 segmented blood oranges and toss.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: BeetOrange Salad, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 38964: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix the peanut butter, salt and powdered sugar until firm. Slowly melt the chocolate chips in a double boiler over hot, not boiling, water. You may also melt them in a microwave oven set on high for 2 minutes, stirring halfway through the heating time. Grease the muffin tin cups and spoon some chocolate into each cup, filling halfway. With a spoon, draw the chocolate up the edges of each cup until all sides are coated. Cool in the refrigerator until firm. Spread some of the peanut butter onto the chocolate in each cup, leaving room for the final chocolate layer. Cool the cups again to firm up the peanut butter. Pour some chocolate onto the top of each candy and spread it to the edges. Let sit at room temperature, or covered in the refrigerator. Turn out of the pan when firm., ingredients: [1 cup peanut butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup powdered sugar, 1 12ounce package Hersheys milk chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cups, picturelink: null}, 38965: {instructions: Peel and wash the potatoes. Place the potatoes and the fennel top in a large saucepan, and cover with water. Add 1 tablespoon curry powder and a pinch of salt, and cook until tender, about 25 minutes.nDrain potatoes well, and pass through a food mill into a large bowl. Add 8 tablespoons of butter and the flour, stirring to incorporate. Add the remaining curry powder and the currants. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Using an icecream scoop, scoop potato mixture into 2inch balls. With lightly floured hands, form balls into 3 by 12inch cakes. Melt remaining 3 tablespoons butter, and brush cakes with it. Once the cakes have absorbed the butter, brush with egg. Sprinkle each cake with 18teaspoon cumin seeds, and gently press seeds into each cake to adhere.nHeat 1 tablespoon clarified butter in a saute pan set over medium heat. Place 3 cakes in saute pan, cuminseed side down, and cook until golden, about 1 to 2 minutes. Turn cakes, and transfer to a baking sheet. Repeat with remaining cakes. Transfer baking sheet to oven, and bake until the cakes are heated through, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons cumin seeds, 4 tablespoons clarified unsalted butter, 2 14 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1inch pieces, Top of 1 fennel bulb, 2 tablespoons curry powder, Coarse salt, 11 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for shaping cakes, 1 cup dried currants, Freshly ground pepper, 1 large egg, well beaten], title: Currant Cumin Potato Cakes, picturelink: null}, 38966: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine the garlic pepper seasoning, salt, rosemary, thyme and parsley. Rub inside cavity of chicken with mixture and heat grill. Open each can of beer, pour out or drink about 14 of the contents and place a chicken on end over the open can of beer with the tips of the legs pointing down. As the chicken cooks on the outside, the beer will get hot and steam the inside. Remove chicken from grill when cooked and let rest. Remove beer can from each chicken. Carve chicken into portions and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons Irvine Spices Roasted Garlic Pepper Seasoning, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 4 1 12pound frying chickens, 4 cans beer, your choice, exterior of can rinsed], title: Beer Can Roasted Herb Chicken, picturelink: null}, 38967: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the top off of the tomatoes and clean out all of the pulp, leaving a 12inch thick skin. Reserve the pulp. In a medium saute pan, heat 14 cup of the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until the onions are golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, reserved tomato pulp, and rice, and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the lamb, pine nuts, parsley, dill, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine and continue cooking until lamb is browned.nFill the tomatoes with the lamb mixture, sprinkle the tops with cheese, and drizzle with the remaining 4 teaspoons of olive oil. Place in a 9by 13inch baking dish. Pour water in the bottom of the dish and bake for 1 hour. Serve warm., ingredients: [6 ripe beefsteak tomatoes, 14 cup plus 4 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups mediumdiced onion, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 6 tablespoons uncooked longgrain white rice, 12 pound ground lamb, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill leaves, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon finely ground fresh black pepper, 12 cup grated kasseri cheese, 1 cup water, for pan], title: Tomatoes Stuffed with Lamb and Rice Yemistes Domates me Rizi, picturelink: null}, 38968: {instructions: Make pasta according to traditional well technique and roll out to thinnest setting. Assemble filling by mixing blaukraut, marjoram, caraway and egg together. Lay pasta out and cut into 2inch squares. Place 1 teaspoon filling on each square and fold each tortelloni. Continue until all pasta is used up.nTo serve, bring 6 quarts water to boil and add 2 tablespoons salt. Drop turteln in water and cook until tender, about 4 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in a 12 to 14inch saute pan. Drain cooked turteln well and place in pan with butter. Return to heat, add scallions and caraway, toss to coat and serve., ingredients: [2 cups rye flour, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 cups blaukrautcool, 4 tablespoons chopped marjoram leaves, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 1 large egg, 6 tablespoons butter, 12 cup chopped scallions, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds], title: Turteln with Blaukraut, Scallions and Caraway, picturelink: null}, 38969: {instructions: Peel 6 kohlrabi and cut into 1inch wedges toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt and a pinch of cayenne on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast at 450 degrees F, stirring every 10 minutes, until tender and golden, about 30 minutes. Toss with 3 tablespoons parmesan and 1 tablespoon chopped parsley., ingredients: [], title: Roasted Kohlrabi with Parmesan, picturelink: WEhwbYleB9YI4vQbjrAAb2CzInXGgj2}, 38970: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a sheet tray, toss onions and carrots with oil, butter, wine, and stock. Season with salt and pepper. Roast until golden and caramelized, about 25 to 30 minutes. Toss in a shallow serving bowl and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 pound cippolini onions, ends trimmed and peeled, halve larger onions, 2 pounds baby carrots, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon butter, melted, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup chicken stock, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Roasted Carrots and Cippolini Onions, picturelink: xUww4xD8Y5CEa5teFUWinEgveng4y7e}, 38971: {instructions: Heat the egg yolks, lemon juice, water, and sugar in a small skillet over very low heat, stirring and scraping the bottom of the pan constantly with a spatula. At the first sign of thickening, remove the pan from the heat but continue stirring. Dip the pan bottom in a large pan of cold water to stop cooking. Scrape into a blender, blend for a second or so, then let stand uncovered at least 5 minutes to cool. Add the dry mustard, salt, and cayenne if using. Cover and, with the blender running, drizzle the oil in very slowly at first, down the center hole into the egg mixture. Transfer mayonnaise to a clean container and chill immediately. This will keep for at least 7 days refrigerated., ingredients: [2 eggs, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons water, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 scant teaspoon salt, Pinch of cayenne, 1 cup canola, peanut, vegetable, or pure olive oil, not extravirgin], title: Homemade Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 38972: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, mix together the cassava and salt. Add the water, a little at a time, until a dough forms. Divide dough into 6 pieces. With your hands, flatten each piece until it is about 6inches in diameter.nGrease a medium skillet with a coating of vegetable oil and put over medium heat. Place one piece of dough in the skillet. When the bammies edge starts to pull away from the side of the pan, after about 5 minutes, flatten the dough again with a spatula and turn over. Cook for another 5 minutes or until golden brownnRepeat with the remaining five pieces of dough, adding more oil to the skillet when needed., ingredients: [3 cups cassava yucca, peeled and grated, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 cups water, Vegetable oil], title: Bammies, picturelink: null}, 38973: {instructions: Fill a large pitcher with the nectarines, raspberries, lemon and mint. Then add your tea and let sit for about 5 minutes to infuse. Once youre ready to serve add the sparkling white wine. Pour in glass with ice. Garnish with mint., ingredients: [2 nectarines, pitted and sliced, 1 pint fresh raspberries, 1 lemon, sliced, 20 fresh mint leaves, plus more for garnish, 3 cups tea, freshly brewed, sweetened to taste and chilled, 1 bottle sparkling white wine, Ice], title: Raspberry Iced Tea Punch, picturelink: zdT.IiHRNKZbc0NHkpO4RxVN61clyS}, 38974: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBeat lard in mixer until creamy. Add 23 cup sugar, beat until light and fluffy. Add the egg and rum and mix until blended. Add the flour, baking powder, anise seed and salt. Beat until a smooth dough is formed.nRoll dough on a lightly floured surface to a 14inch thickness. Cut the dough into desired shapes. In a shallow bowl, combine cinnamon and remaining sugar. Dredge 1 side of cookie in cinnamon sugar mixture. Place cookie, sugared side up, on ungreased baking sheets. Bake for 8 to10 minutes or until golden brown, rotating the baking sheets halfway through the cooking time. Allow cookies to cool on a cooling rack., ingredients: [12 cup lard, 23 cup sugar plus 12 cup sugar, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon rum, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon anise seed, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon], title: Biscochitos, picturelink: null}, 38975: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine the butter, mayonnaise, jalapenos, Cheddar, pepper Jack, olives, green chiles and green onions in a mixing bowl. Stir together until thoroughly combined.nSpread the mixture onto the French bread and put the bread on a baking sheet. Bake until the cheese is melted and browning, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, softened, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup jarred jalapenos, finely chopped, 6 ounces white Cheddar, grated, 6 ounces pepper Jack cheese, grated, One 6ounce jar green olives, drained and finely chopped, One 4ounce can chopped green chiles, 2 green onions, sliced, 1 loaf crusty French bread, sliced lengthwise], title: Jalapeno Cheese Bread, picturelink: pbP4ga3HZ3W4tbBOgK.bKdphsB0si}, 38976: {instructions: For the BananaPecan Syrup:nMelt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the nuts and saute for about 1 minute, or until fragrant. Add the bananas and cook, stirring, for about 2 minutes. Add the syrup and cook for about 1 to 2 minutes, or until the syrup is hot and slightly thickened. Remove from the heat and set aside in a warm place.nFor the Ricotta Pancakes:nSift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, and salt together onto waxed paper or a plate. Beat the egg whites in a medium bowl with an electric mixer or whisk until stiff but not dry. Beat the egg yolks, milk, and ricotta together in a large bowl until well blended and smooth. Add the dry ingredients and mix gently with a large spoon. Stir a spoonful of the egg whites into the batter to lighten it, then fold in the remaining egg whites with a rubber spatula.nWarm a serving platter in a 200 degree F oven.nHeat a nonstick flat griddle or large nonstick skillet over medium high heat until hot. Grease with butter or vegetable oil. Pour 14 to 13 cup batter per pancake onto the pan and cook for about 2 minutes, or until bubbles form on the surface, then flip the pancakes over using a large wide spatula. Cook on the other side for 2 minutes, or until golden brown. Transfer the pancakes to the warm platter.nServe immediately or hold in the oven while you cook the rest of the pancakes. Serve the pancakes on heated plates topped with the syrup., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup chopped pecans, 2 small bananas, thinly sliced 34 cup, 1 cup cane or maple syrup, 2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, separated, 2 cups milk, 4 ounces ricotta, well drained 12 cup, Butter or vegetable oil], title: Ricotta Pancakes with BananaPecan Syrup, picturelink: 4hlRU.YF9YAgeVkdpmUiB2ySODDsEsW}, 38977: {instructions: Spread some newspaper out on the counter because the bright red pomegranate juice can stain. Cut the pomegranate in half, open it up and youll see clusters of very juicy garnet seeds encased in a smooth offwhite pulp. Gently pry out the ruby kernels with your fingers or a pointed knife, removing any of the bitter membrane that may adhere. Put the pomegranate seeds in a large pitcher or container and add the pear and star fruit slices.nPour in the wine, brandy, and pomegranate juice. Add the sugar, cinnamon, and star anise give the mixture a good stir to combine. Chill the sangria in the refrigerator for several hours or up to overnight for the flavors to come together. Just before serving, top the sangria off with the club soda and mix to combine. Spoon the fruits into glasses or goblets and pour in the sangria to fill., ingredients: [2 large pomegranates, 2 red Bartlett pears, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 star fruits, thinly sliced, 3 bottles red wine, such as Rioja, 1 cup brandy or cognac, 1 cup pomegranate juice, such as Pom Wonderful or grenadine, 12cup sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 star anise, 1 liter club soda, chilled], title: Red Ruby Sangria, picturelink: lbXfjdYKKM6nVCUh7pQ6x0KkZaqyZiC}, 38978: {instructions: Spread 14 cup softened Nutella across the middle of the dough fold the bottom third of the dough over the Nutella, then sprinkle 12 cup coconut over the folded part. Fold the top third of the dough over the coconut. Roll out again, cut into strips and twist into pretzels. Brush with beaten egg. Sprinkle with a mixture of 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon each ancho chile powder and cinnamon, and 14 teaspoon each cloves and cayenne youll have extra spice mix bake.nPhotograph by Victor Schrager, ingredients: [], title: ChocolateCoconut Pretzels, picturelink: null}, 38979: {instructions: Special equipment: six 6ounce ramekinsnFor the sweet potato gnocchi: Bring a large pot of water to boil. Add the potatoes and boil until forktender, about 15 minutes. Remove the potatoes with a slotted spoon reserve the pot of water and allow to cool for about 10 minutes.nPut the potatoes through a ricer into a bowl. Add the flour to a separate bowl and make a well. Add the oil and ice water and knead into a dough, adding in the cinnamon, nutmeg and salt. Fold in the mascarpone. Slowly add the potatoes and knead until the dough comes together and rolls out smoothly, 5 to 7 minutes. Form into a ball, wrap in plastic and let the dough rest for 10 minutes.nBring the pot of water back to a boil. Roll the dough into a long thin log, then divide into 2inch pieces. Boil the gnocchi until they float, 2 to 3 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat and whisk in the flour until incorporated. Add the milk and cheese and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the cheese is fully melted and the sauce is thickened, about 7 minutes. Season with additional salt and pepper if needed, and stir in the cinnamon and nutmeg.nFor the fried sage: In a heavy, shallow pan, add some canola oil and heat until a thermometer inserted in the oil registers 400 degrees F. Add the sage leaves and fry until crisp, 1 minute. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels.nFor the panko topping: Mix together the breadcrumbs, Parmesan and butter in a small bowl.nCombine the gnocchi and sauce gently in a bowl. Divide the mixture among individual 6ounce ramekins. Top each with some panko topping, a fried sage leaf and extra Parmesan. Bake until bubbling and crispy brown on top, about 5 minutes. Serve in the ramekins., ingredients: [1 large sweet potato, peeled and cut into small dice, 1 12 cups 00 flour, 1 teaspoon oil, 1 teaspoon ice cold water, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch of salt, 12 cup mascarpone, 13 cup 5 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup evaporated milk, such as Carnation, 34 cup grated Gruyere cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of ground cinnamon, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, Canola oil, for frying, 6 sage leaves, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons butter, melted], title: Mac and Cheese, picturelink: 1FivniBcO3ntm3YxG.17LIh58aC6cuy}, 38980: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine chicken and honey barbeque sauce. Let stand for 15 minutes. Place crescent roll triangles, points toward the center, on a round pizza pan or baking stone to form a circle. Press perforated edges together. Spread chicken mixture over crust. Spread Barbeque Sauce Rice evenly over chicken. Sprinkle cheese over rice and top with green onions. Bake for 13 to 15 minutes or until cheese melts.nCombine all ingredients in a 2quart saucepan. Stir once to blend. Bring to a simmer, cover, and cook over medium heat until liquids are absorbed, about 15 minutes. Spread onto crescent rolls as directed., ingredients: [3 cups chopped chicken, cooked, 1 cup honey barbeque sauce, 2 cans refrigerated crescent rolls, 1 cup Barbeque Sauce Rice, recipe follows, 8 ounces shredded mozzarella cheese, 4 green onions, chopped, 12 cup mediumgrain rice, 1 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon margarine or butter, 2 tablespoons honey barbeque sauce], title: Barbeque Chicken Pizza, picturelink: null}, 38981: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace a large castiron skillet over medium heat and melt the butter, swirling the pan to coat the bottom and sides. Then heat the butter until it stops foaming and turns a light brown color watch carefully so it doesnt burn. Pour the brown butter into a large bowl and set the skillet aside. Whisk the maple syrup into the butter, followed by the buttermilk and whole milk. Then whisk in the eggs. Add the cornmeal, allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda. Whisk together until combined.nPour the cornmeal batter into the castiron skillet. Bake until firm in the center, golden brown on the sides, and an inserted toothpick comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Let cool slightly, then serve warm with butter., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for serving, 13 cup maple syrup, 1 cup cold buttermilk, 14 cup whole milk, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 cups cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda], title: Campfire Skillet Cornbread, picturelink: CoVMPKM972rwVMgvzWObGMS2lKrh4a}, 38982: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the potatoes in a saucepan and cover with water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 1 minute making sure the potatoes are still firm. Drain the potatoes in colander and set aside.nHeat a 10inch skillet, over mediumhigh. Add the butter and allow it to brown for 1 minute. Stir in the onions, garlic and jalapenos and cook for 5 minutes. Add the corned beef, horseradish, bouillon, potatoes, chives and Swiss cheese. Mix well, then remove from the heat. Spoon the hash into 6 6ounce ramekins. Put the ramekins on a quarter sheet tray and bake until nicely browned, about 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve hot., ingredients: [2 large russet potatoes, diced small, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 large onion, diced small, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 jalapeno, minced, 34 pound corned beef, diced small, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 2 teaspoons chicken bouillon, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 cup, finely grated Swiss cheese, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: KickedUp Corned Beef Hash, picturelink: null}, 38983: {instructions: For the salmoriglio: In a medium bowl, whisk together the garlic, rosemary, thyme, lemon zest, lemon juice, olive oil and salt. Set aside at room temperature for at least 45 minutes or in the refrigerator for up to 8 hours to let the flavors marry.nFor the steak: Remove the porterhouse from the refrigerator 30 minutes prior to cooking preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a 12inch stainless steel or castiron skillet, heat the olive oil over high heat for 3 minutes. Sprinkle the steak all over with the salt. When the oil begins to show slight wisps of smoke, add the steak to the pan and cook undisturbed for 2 minutes. Flip the steak and transfer the pan to the oven. Roast for 7 to 10 minutes for medium doneness. Remove from the oven and immediately spoon 2 tablespoons of the salmoriglio over the steak. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with the remaining salmoriglio., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon lemon zest 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons lemon juice 1 lemon, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, One 1 12pound porterhouse steak about 1 12 inches thick, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Broiled Porterhouse with Salmoriglio, picturelink: Os1s7s.lBLBiWsYVO3jwxaeKBV.i9C}, 38984: {instructions: Bring the wine, shallot, bay leaf, sugar, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper to a simmer in a skillet over mediumhigh heat cook until reduced to about 2 tablespoons, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and discard the bay leaf. Whisk in the butter and 1 teaspoon water until smooth.nCombine the lettuce, hazelnuts and herbs in a large bowl. Add the warm dressing and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 cup dry white wine, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 bay leaf, 14 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 heads butter or Bibb lettuce, leaves separated, 14 cup hazelnuts, toasted and chopped, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fines herbes chives, parsley and chervil], title: Warm Butter Lettuce Salad With Hazelnuts, picturelink: 2awdiPqBqbfhwp7gLHAb2PaikMMH02S}, 38985: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Spray an 8 by 8inch pan with nonstick spray.nStir together the banana slices, brown sugar, chocolate chips, and 2 tablespoons butter in a bowl. Spread evenly into the prepared pan.nCombine the baking mix, sugar, cocoa powder, remaining 2 tablespoons butter, and 2 tablespoons milk in another bowl. Using your fingers or a fork, combine until you get a moist crumble. Spread the topping evenly over the banana mixture. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool.nWhen you are ready to serve, whip the cream with the powdered sugar. Serve the crumble topped with the whipped cream., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 4 large bananas, sliced, 14 cup brown sugar, 13 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, divided, 1 12 cups baking mix, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup cocoa powder, 14 cup milk, divided, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar], title: Banana Chocolate Crumbles, picturelink: ARgdH3yUQdLZ7RM2sLMlIXpCXoelxgq}, 38986: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix the chopped shrimp, bamboo shoots, salt, chicken bouillon powder, sugar, sesame oil, pepper, and cornstarch into a thick shrimp paste.nForm the shrimp paste into 10 oval shaped balls. Open one end of the ball to stuff in the crab claw. Make sure the shrimp ball only covers the meat part of the claw and a small part of the shell so that the claw shell will stick out of the shrimp ball like a drumstick.nRoll the stuffed shrimp ball in the bread crumbs.nDeep fry in 350 degree oil for 5 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 pound shrimp, shelled, deveined, and chopped, 5 ounces bamboo shoots, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 12 teaspoons sesame oil, 12 teaspoon pepper, 8 teaspoons cornstarch, 10 cocktail crab claws, 34 cup bread crumbs, 6 cups frying oil], title: Stuffed Crab Claws, picturelink: null}, 38987: {instructions: Special equipment: slow cookernFor the spicy yogurt sauce: In a small bowl, stir the yogurt together with the hot sauce and mint. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. For the pita: In a small pot over low heat, combine the reserved chicken and vegetables and cook until warmed through. Place the pitas on 2 plates. Top each with the chicken and vegetables, the chopped romaine and then drizzle with the spicy yogurt.nFor the spicy yogurt sauce: In a small bowl, stir the yogurt together with the hot sauce and mint. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. For the pita: In a small pot over low heat, combine the reserved chicken and vegetables and cook until warmed through. Place the pitas on 2 plates. Top each with the chicken and vegetables, the chopped romaine and then drizzle with the spicy yogurt.nIn a large ziptop bag, mix together the flour, paprika, garlic powder and some salt and pepper. Add the chicken and toss to coat completely.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, heat the canola oil. Add the chicken and brown on all sides, 3 to 4 minutes per side. While the chicken is cooking, to a slow cooker add the tomatoes, peppers and onions. Top with the chicken thighs.nIn same skillet used to brown the chicken, add the tomato paste and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add the chicken broth and bring to a simmer, stirring to scrape any browned bits off the bottom of the pan. Pour over top of the chicken in the slow cooker. Cook on low for 4 hours, or until the chicken is extremely tender.nIn a medium pot, combine 2 cups water, the rice, red pepper flakes, lemon zest, juice of half the lemon and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, until the rice is tender and has absorbed all the liquid.nTo serve, spoon the rice onto a deepsided platter and ladle the Spanish chicken and vegetables over top. Garnish with the olives and squeeze over the remaining lemon juice.nIn a large ziptop bag, mix together the flour, paprika, garlic powder and some salt and pepper. Add the chicken and toss to coat completely.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, heat the canola oil. Add the chicken and brown on all sides, 3 to 4 minutes per side. While the chicken is cooking, to a slow cooker add the tomatoes, peppers and onions. Top with the chicken thighs.nIn same skillet used to brown the chicken, add the tomato paste and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add the chicken broth and bring to a simmer, stirring to scrape any browned bits off the bottom of the pan. Pour over top of the chicken in the slow cooker. Cook on low for 4 hours, or until the chicken is extremely tender.nIn a medium pot, combine 2 cups water, the rice, red pepper flakes, lemon zest, juice of half the lemon and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, until the rice is tender and has absorbed all the liquid.nTo serve, spoon the rice onto a deepsided platter and ladle the Spanish chicken and vegetables over top. Garnish with the olives and squeeze over the remaining lemon juice., ingredients: [12 cup plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh mint, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh mint, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Reserved 2 chicken thighs from Spanish Chicken, meat removed from bone and shredded, recipe follows, Reserved 1 cup vegetables from Spanish Chicken, 2 pita bread rounds, 3 romaine lettuce leaves, coarsely chopped, Reserved 2 chicken thighs from Spanish Chicken, meat removed from bone and shredded, recipe follows, Reserved 1 cup vegetables from Spanish Chicken, 2 pita bread rounds, 3 romaine lettuce leaves, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 chicken thighs about 1 12 pounds, 14 cup canola oil, One 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 green bell peppers, diced into 2inch pieces, 1 onion, sliced into thick pieces, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup rice, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Zest and juice from 1 lemon, 12 cup pitted green olives with pimientos, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 chicken thighs about 1 12 pounds, 14 cup canola oil, One 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 green bell peppers, diced into 2inch pieces, 1 onion, sliced into thick pieces, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup rice, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Zest and juice from 1 lemon, 12 cup pitted green olives with pimientos], title: Round 2 Recipe  Pita Pile On with Spicy Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: U6cLA41buFe6BmtwuxJk5rEhPgz1aW}, 38988: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh.nSeason the wings with Cajun pepper. In a medium bowl, combine the chipotle pepper sauce with 1 tablespoon Cajun pepper, and honey, to taste. Place the wings on the grill and as you cook them, turn them and brush each time with the pepper sauce mixture. Make sure the wings cook long enough on each side so they get crispy around the edges.nRemove the wings from the grill and brush again with the pepper sauce mixture before serving., ingredients: [10 to 12 chicken drumettes, 1 tablespoon Cajun pepper, plus more for seasoning wings, 1 bottle chipotle pepper sauce, Honey], title: Hot Wings, picturelink: null}, 38989: {instructions: Generously grease a 10inch tube pan with the softened butter, making certain that it is thoroughly coated. Sift together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt.nBreak the eggs into a large bowl. Beat vigorously with an electric mixer at high speed until the eggs are light and lemoncolored and have tripled in volume, about 5 minutes. Add the sugar and beat for 3 minutes. Add the mashed bananas, yogurt, and vanilla extract, beating well after each addition. Slowly, fold in the dry ingredients. Pour the batter into the greased pan.nFill a wok or a large pot with water for steaming and heat until boiling. Place the cake pan in a steamer tray over the boiling water or balance it on a trivet or an empty tuna can in the center of the pan. Cover and steam over high heat for 50 minutes, or until the cake is springy to the touch check the water level after 30 minutes and add more boiling water if necessary. Remove from the steamer and let cool slightly. Unmold the cake onto a platter, cut into slices, and serve warm with tea. To reheat, steam for 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons powdered cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 4 ripe bananas, mashed about 2 cups, 12 cup nonfat yogurt, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Debbys Steamed Banana Cake, picturelink: null}, 38990: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat and add the onions, spreading them into an even layer. Cook, without stirring, until the edges of the onions are beginning to brown, 5 minutes. Stir the onions and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and caramelized, another 20 minutes. Add the chipotles, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook until fragrant and well combined, 1 to 2 minutes, and remove from the heat.nPreheat the oven broiler. Divide the meat into 12 portions, about 2 ounces each. Form a patty around each piece of cheese and flatten to 2 12 to 3 inches in diameter. Put the wrapped patties on a foillined baking sheet and sprinkle all the patties with 34 teaspoon salt.nBroil until the cheese is melted and the burgers are still a bit pink inside, about 6 minutes. The burgers will be cooked to at least medium in order to melt the cheese but still stay juicy.nMix the ketchup, balsamic and 14 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Brush the burgers with some of the ketchup sauce and divide the rest among the bottom halves of the buns. Place a burger on each bottom bun, top with some of the spicy onions and finish with a top bun. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced about 3 cups, 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 4 ounces pepper jack cheese, cut into 12 equal pieces, 14 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 12 slidersize potato buns, split and toasted], title: Spicy Juicy Lucyfer Sliders, picturelink: FL0O8f2kYJsGDKAor.HhNwis8XyNbHW}, 38991: {instructions: Put the eggs in a small saucepan and cover with water by 12 inch. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then remove from the heat, cover and let stand 10 minutes. Remove the eggs with a slotted spoon and transfer to a bowl of ice water to cool, about 5 minutes. Carefully peel the eggs halve lengthwise and scoop out the yolks into a medium bowl.nAdd the mayonnaise, mustard and Old Bay to the yolks and whisk until smooth. Stir in the corn and chives season with salt. Transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip big enough for the corn kernels to fit through. Pipe into the egg white halves. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nSlice the potatoes into 10 rounds, slightly less than 12 inch thick. Heat 12 inch vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium heat until it registers 300 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Fry the potato rounds 4 minutes, then remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Increase the oil temperature to 375 degrees F fry the potatoes again until golden brown and crisp, about 3 more minutes. Drain on clean paper towels and season with salt.nPlace a deviled egg on each fried potato round. Top with the crabmeat, some chives and more Old Bay.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [5 large eggs, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning, plus more for topping, 3 tablespoons frozen corn kernels, thawed, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, plus more for topping, Kosher salt, 3 to 4 small redskinned potatoes, Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 tablespoons lump crabmeat], title: Fish and Chicks, picturelink: Z4MMHCTEjcUchBCXRDGrBkX2yRoj2V.}, 38992: {instructions: Combine the kimchi, vinegar and 12 cup water in a blender and process until very smooth.nToss the rice, half of the kimchi sauce and 12 teaspoon salt together in a medium bowl. Cover and microwave until hot, stirring halfway through, about 4 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until browned and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain and then roughly chop.nWipe out the skillet the bacon cooked in. Add the vegetable oil and place it over mediumhigh heat. Crack the eggs into the skillet and sprinkle each with a little salt. Cook until the whites are set and the yolks are still runny, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat.nDivide the hot rice among 4 bowls. Top each with an egg, avocado, bacon, the remaining kimchi sauce and scallion. Drizzle each with 12 teaspoon of sesame oil., ingredients: [2 cups kimchi, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 6 cups cooked brown rice, Kosher salt, 4 strips bacon, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 4 large eggs, 1 avocado, pitted, peeled and sliced, 2 scallions, sliced, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil], title: EggandKimchi Rice Bowls, picturelink: UuUHzJb4O4KaszivLFq2eq9OYVzmjQ6}, 38993: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the salad:Fill a large pot with 3 gallons water, add the red wine vinegar, onions, carrots, celery, peppercorns and thyme, and bring to a boil. Add the octopus, cover with parchment, and reduce the heat, if necessary to keep the liquid at a simmer. Simmer until quite tender but the tentacles are still attached, about 1 hour. Bring another large pot of water to a boil, salt it generously, and add the lobster. Cook 4 minutes and transfer to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Puree the peppers in a blender with the lemon juice, paprika, 1 teaspoon honey and some salt and pepper. Taste, and add more honey if you like, and salt or pepper. Cut the tentacles from the octopus and discards the heads. Some of the skin will slough off on its own dont worry about removing the rest. Chop roughly into bitesized pieces. Remove the lobster claws and tail from the shell, and cut into bitesized pieces. Toss the octopus and lobster with enough of the pepper puree to coat lightly. Add the cilantro and habanero and toss again just to combine.nTo make the arepas: Bring milk to a simmer in a small saucepan, then remove from heat and stir in butter. Combine arepa flour, salt, pepper and cotija in a large bowl. Add the hot milk and honey and stir until combined. Let mixture stand until milk is absorbed enough for a soft dough to form, 1 to 2 minutes dough will continue to stiffen. Form the dough into 12 balls about 2 inches in diameter and flatten between palms into 3 12 to 4inch patties about 13inch thick. Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until the oil begins to shimmer, fry 4 arepas at a time, until lightly golden brown on both sides and just cooked through about 2 to 3 minutes per side transfer to a baking sheet lined with paper towels. Slice the arepas in half crosswise, mound some of the salad on the bottom, and top with the other half., ingredients: [2 quarts red wine vinegar, 4 Spanish onions, roughly chopped, 4 carrots, roughly chopped, 1 head celery, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons black peppercorns, 2 whole octopus, about 6 pounds each, webbing cut between the tentacles, Handful thyme sprigs, Kosher salt, 1 lobster, about 1 14 pounds, 4 yellow bell peppers, roasted and peeled, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 to 2 teaspoons honey, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup coarsely chopped cilantro leaves, 12 to 1 whole habanero, seeded and finely diced, 2 12 cups milk, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 12 cups white arepa flour precooked cornmeal, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated cotija cheese, 1 tablespoon honey, Vegetable or canola oil, for cooking], title: Arepas with Octopus and Lobster Salad, picturelink: h4Dy6pcd3tcackeHTv.93wGSlf7uG7C}, 38994: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the leftover roast chicken stock: Put the cleaned chicken carcass in a large saucepan along with the salt, peppercorns, celery, bay leaf, carrots and onions and cover with cold water, about 8 cups. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to a low simmer and cook for 1 12 hours. Strain the stock through a finemesh sieve or a colander lined with paper towels. You should have 6 cups stock after cooking.nFor the soup: Heat the olive oil in a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the garlic, carrots, celery and onions and saute until tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the kale and cook for about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Handcrush the canned tomatoes directly into the pot its nice to keep a little texture with the tomatoes. Add the chicken stock and simmer the soup on medium heat for 20 minutes. Fold in the rice and chicken and simmer for 5 more minutes. Finish with chopped parsley and serve in warm bowls with grated Parmesan on top., ingredients: [1 leftover roast chicken carcass, meat picked off reserve for the stew, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 black peppercorns, 2 stalks celery, cut into chunks, 1 bay leaf, 1 carrot, cut into chunks, 1 onion, cut into chunks, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 carrots, unpeeled and diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 onion, diced, 1 cup chopped kale, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups canned plum tomatoes, 2 cups leftover cooked longgrain brown rice, 1 cup leftover chicken meat, chopped, Chopped fresh parsley, for serving, Grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Chicken and Rice Soup, picturelink: QpNxFLJ3KemXCMc3dWxK79bPPEXbBT6}, 38995: {instructions: Cook bacon in a large skillet over moderate heat until crisp. Drain on paper towels, leaving fat in skillet.nAdd onion to skillet and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in corn, jalapeno, lima beans, okra, and tomatoes and cook, stirring, until vegetables are tender, about 7 minutes. Stir in vinegar, basil, salt, and pepper, and adjust seasonings, to taste. Serve succotash with bacon crumbled over the top., ingredients: [14 pound sliced bacon, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 4 ears corn, kernels cut off and cobs discarded, 1 large fresh jalapeno chile, seeded and finely chopped, 1 10ounce package frozen baby lima beans, thawed, 12 pound okra, cut into 13inchthick slices, 34 pound cherry tomatoes 1 pint, halved, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Succotash, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 38996: {instructions: Empty oatmeal packet into a small serving bowl. Add hot milk or water and almond butter stir. Top with chopped apples, almonds, cinnamon and honey., ingredients: [1 1ounce packet instant oatmeal, unsweetened, 12 cup hot milk or water, 1 tablespoon almond butter, 1 red apple, cored and roughly chopped, 14 cup whole natural almonds, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 teaspoons honey], title: Hearty Apple Almond Oatmeal, picturelink: null}, 38997: {instructions: Combine everything in a mixing bowl except the crabmeat, lobster, and panko. Taste the mixture for seasoning. Gently fold in crabmeat and lobster, careful not to break up crabmeat too much. Fold in panko, adding enough so that the mixture is not too tight.nCook 1 crab cake and taste. Adjust the seasoning if necessary.nForm into 2 12ounce cakes. Saute on both sides until golden brown., ingredients: [1 egg, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons Javin curry blend, may vary if using Madras curry, 2 scallions, chopped, 14 cup red bell pepper, diced, 14 cup yellow bell pepper, diced, 14 cup red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons parsley, chopped, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 12 pound crabmeat, jumbo lump, 12 pound spiny lobster, cooked and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: West Indian Curried Crab and Lobster Cakes, picturelink: Wy34y8qmkdyuZ2Q4ka2kwjSOwZ0aPCC}, 38998: {instructions: Combine the wine, sage, and lemon zest in a clear glass container. Cover and let stand at room temperature for 1 day. Strain the wine into a pitcher and discard the solids. Cover the wine and refrigerate until cold., ingredients: [1 750ml bottle rose wine, 8 fresh sage leaves, bruised, 1 lemon, zested], title: Rose Wine with Sage and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 38999: {instructions: Combine the tomatoes, carrots, bell pepper, cilantro, scallions, peanut butter, soy sauce, chile powder, cocoa powder and Chinese fivespice powder in a 6quart slow cooker and stir to combine. Add the turkey and turn to coat. Cover and cook on low, 8 hours.nRemove the turkey and transfer to a large plate shred the meat with 2 forks, discarding the bone. Return the shredded turkey to the slow cooker and stir to coat.nWarm the tortillas in a dry skillet or in the microwave. Serve the turkey in the tortillas and top with more cilantro and scallions.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 15ounce can nosaltadded diced tomatoes, drained, 2 large carrots, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 green bell pepper, finely chopped, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping, 4 scallions, chopped, plus more for topping, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, 1 12 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder or ground cinnamon, 1 skinless, bonein turkey breast about 2 12 pounds, 18 corn tortillas], title: SlowCooker Turkey Mole Tacos, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}}