{39000: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, cook the beef, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned, 5 to 8 minutes. Season with the garlic powder, 1 teaspoon of the salt and 12 teaspoon of the pepper. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain.nIn a slow cooker, combine the beef with the chicken broth, diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, parsley, oregano, garlic, onion, bay leaf, 1 cup water and the remaining 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cook on high for 5 12 hours or on low for 7 12.nStir in the lasagna noodles and continue to cook for another 30 minutes. Stir in the basil just before serving.nPreheat the oven to broil.nLadle the soup into ovenproof bowls. Top each with a few tablespoons of shredded mozzarella, a slice of provolone and a sprinkle of Parmesan. Place on a baking sheet and heat under the broiler until the cheese is bubbly, 5 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups chicken broth, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, One 8ounce can tomato sauce, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 1 bay leaf, 8 ounces lasagna noodles about 10 noodles, broken into pieces, Handful chopped fresh basil, Shredded mozzarella, for topping, Sliced provolone, for topping, Grated Parmesan, for topping], title: SlowCooker Lasagna Soup, picturelink: L8skda6vcemUCafSOb18QQKkCawD7u}, 39001: {instructions: For the doughnuts: Trace twelve 3inch circles on a piece of parchment paper, flip the paper over and line a baking sheet. Lightly spray with cooking spray. Fit a pastry bag with a 12inchround pastry tip.nWhisk together the flour, confetti sprinkles, baking powder and 34 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl.nCombine the granulated sugar and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a handheld electric mixer. Beat on mediumhigh speed until well combined, about 2 minutes. Add the eggs and vanilla and continue to beat until incorporated and pale, about 2 minutes. Adjust the speed to mediumlow and add the flour mixture and milk in batches, beginning and ending with the flour. Continue to mix until smooth and well combined, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Transfer the batter to the prepared pastry bag.nPipe the dough over the circle patterns on the parchment paper. Refrigerate while the oil heats up.nFill a medium Dutch oven or pot with about 2 inches of oil and bring to 340 degrees F over medium heat. Line a baking sheet with paper towels. Cut the parchment paper around each doughnut, leaving a border. Use the paper border to carefully place 2 doughnuts at a time into the oil face first, then carefully remove the paper with tongs. Fry the doughnuts until golden, turning, 1 12 minutes per side. Remove the doughnuts with a slotted spoon to the paper towels. Repeat with the remaining doughnuts. Cool completely. Store at room temperature in an airtight container up to a day in advance.nFor the chocolate frosting. Combine the cocoa powder, butter, vanilla and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a handheld electric mixer. Mix on low speed until combined. Add the confectioners sugar and milk, and continue to mix on low speed. Once the mixture is mostly combined, increase the speed to mediumhigh and mix until smooth. Use immediately, or refrigerate in an airtight container up to 3 days. Allow to come to room temperature and mix on mediumhigh until smooth.nFor the malted vanilla frosting. Combine the malted milk powder, butter, vanilla and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a handheld electric mixer. Mix on low speed until combined. Add the confectioners sugar and milk, and continue to mix on low speed. Once the mixture is mostly combined, increase the speed to mediumhigh and mix until smooth. Use immediately, or refrigerate in an airtight container up to 3 days. Allow to come to room temperature and mix on mediumhigh until smooth.nFrost the doughnuts with your favorite icing, or a combination, sprinkle with confetti sprinkles and decorate with candles if using., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons multicolored confetti sprinkles,plus more for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon baking powder, Kosher salt, 34 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablepoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, at room temperature, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup cocoa powder, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter,melted, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup milk, 12 cup malted milk powder, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter,melted, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon milk, Birthday candles, optional], title: Birthday Cake Doughnut, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 39002: {instructions: Line a 9 by 5inch loaf pan with plastic wrap.nPlace the softened ice cream into the loaf pan and spread evenly.nPlace the piece of cake on top of the ice cream, press down lightly, and place the pan in the freezer for 1 hour.nAfter an hour, combine the sugar, corn syrup, and water in a 2quart saucepan and place over high heat. Stir just until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Clip on a candy thermometer and bring the mixture to 240 degrees F.nWhile the syrup is cooking, place the egg whites, salt, and vanilla into the bowl of a stand mixer and, using the whisk attachment, whisk the eggs on high speed until they reach medium peaks, 4 to 5 minutes.nWhen the sugar syrup reaches 240 degrees F, remove from the heat and, with the stand mixer on low speed, slowly and carefully pour the syrup in a thin steady stream into the egg white mixture, being careful not to come in contact with the whisk. Once all the syrup has been added, increase the mixer speed to high and whisk until stiff peaks are formed and the mixture has cooled, 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove the loaf pan from the freezer, turn upside down onto a heatproof serving platter, and remove the plastic wrap. Completely cover the ice cream cake combo with a 1inch layer of meringue all around, sealing the meringue to the pan around the bottom edge.nUse a propane torch to brown the meringue all over. Serve immediately. May be frozen once the meringue has browned., ingredients: [1 12 quarts neapolitan ice cream, softened, 9 by 5 by 12inch piece chiffon cake, 8 ounces sugar, 4 ounces light corn syrup, 2 ounces water, 4 ounces pasteurized egg whites, room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt], title: Baked Alaska, picturelink: r4O8TGeV93iyTBdNC2NcIP7YLvE6S}, 39003: {instructions: Add the sesame oil, soy sauce, red pepper flakes and egg to a large mixing bowl. Mix well, then fold in the tuna, red bell pepper and scallions. Mix well to coat everything evenly. Sprinkle with salt and fold in the panko breadcrumbs to lightly bind everything. Carefully form the mixture into 4 evensize patties and set on a platter. Refrigerate so the patties firm up and hold their shape when cooked, 15 to 20 minutes.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Coat the pan with a little vegetable oil and cook the tuna patties 3 minutes per side when done, the patties will be browned on the outside and mediumrare in the center.nGrill the hamburger buns over high heat until well charred and crispy.nServe the tuna burgers slathered with the Spicy Sriracha Mayo, lettuce leaves and tomato slices on the toasted, seeded hamburger buns, paired with the dry Riesling.nCombine the mayonnaise, sour cream, Sriracha, sesame oil, lemon juice, honey and scallions in a large mixing bowl. Stir well to combine, season with salt and pepper and place in the refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 pound sushigrade tuna, finely diced, 14 cup finely diced red bell pepper, 2 scallions, finely sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, Vegetable oil, for cooking, 4 seeded hamburger buns, split, Spicy Sriracha Mayo, recipe follows, 4 medium butter lettuce leaves, 1 beefsteak or heirloom tomato, sliced, Dry Riesling, for serving, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 1 12 tablespoons Sriracha, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 4 grilled scallions, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Tuna Burgers with Spicy Mayo, picturelink: 6Zgr.gHT5FtMpr3VIOnmaUe1qyZpxZW}, 39004: {instructions: Soak almonds, glace fruit, and 14 cup rum together overnight.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Combine water, cinnamon, and jam in a large saucepan. Boil until well incorporated and syrupy. Reduce heat. Add pears and cook gently for 5 minutes. Remove to an ovenproof dish. Fill cavities with crystallized fruit. Reserve pan syrup, discarding cinnamon bark.nBeat egg whites until stiff. Fold in confectioners sugar. Pipe this meringue over pears. Dust with confectioners sugar and bake for 5 minutes.nStir chocolate pieces into warm syrup and add rum.nServe pears on a heated platter, surrounded with warm chocolate sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon toasted almonds, finely chopped, 1 cup glace fruits preferably cherries, ginger, apricot, fig, and pineapple, finely chopped, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons rum, 38 cup water, Small piece cinnamon bark, 4 tablespoons apricot jam, 4 pears, peeled, halved, and cored, 2 egg whites, 4 tablespoons confectioners sugar, sifted, plus more to dust, 4 squares dark chocolate, chopped], title: Pears in Meringue with Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39005: {instructions: Coat a large skillet or griddle with cooking spray and set pan over medium heat to preheat.nUsing a fork, pull chicken meat from bone in shreds.nArrange tortillas on a flat surface. Top one side of each tortilla with an equal amount of chicken, mushrooms and tomatoes. Top filling with shredded cheese 13 cup per tortilla. Fold over tortillas to cover filling, making halfmoon shapes. Place quesadillas in or on prepared pan and cook 3 minutes per side, until tortillas are golden brown and cheese melts. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 roasted chicken breast halves, 4 8inch flour tortillas, 2 cups sliced wild mushrooms any combination of shiitake, cremini, oyster, porcini, portobello, etc., 1 cup thinly sliced oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 1 13 cups shredded reducedfat Monterey Jack cheese, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Chicken and Wild Mushroom Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 39006: {instructions: Combine oil, garlic and rosemary in a small shallow baking dish. Add the beef and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight. Let sit out at room temperature for 30 minutes before grilling. Preheat grill. Remove beef from marinade, season with salt and pepper to taste and grill for 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium rare doneness. Let rest 10 minutes then cut into dice.nSqueeze the lemons into a measuring cup to measure 14 cup. Place the juice in a blender with the shallot, rosemary and garlic and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified and season with salt and pepper to taste.nPlace the romaine in a large bowl and toss with 14 cup of the lemon vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper to taste. Arrange the dressed lettuce in the center of each plate. Arrange some of the prosciutto in a vertical line along the farleft side of the greens. Next to that arrange the scallions, then red tomatoes, then yellow tomatoes, then Gorgonzola, then hard cooked eggs, then avocado. Drizzle with a little more of the lemon vinaigrette and garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 4 sprigs rosemary, 8 ounces, beef tenderloin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, halved, seeds removed and grilled cut side down until golden brown, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped shallot, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh rosemary, 3 cloves roasted garlic, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 cups chopped romaine lettuce, Grilled Beef Tenderloin, diced, 8 slices prosciutto, julienned, 12 scallions, grilled and chopped, 2 yellow tomatoes, diced, 2 red tomatoes, diced, 1 12 cups crumbled Gorgonzola, 4 hard cooked eggs, peeled and diced, 2 Haas avocado, peeled, pitted and diced, Sliced chives], title: Grilled Beef Cobb Salad with Prosciutto and Grilled LemonRoasted Garlic Dressing and Grilled Garlic Bread, picturelink: null}, 39007: {instructions: For the rub: In a small bowl, mix together the rosemary, thyme, oil, salt, and pepper until smooth.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pat the beef dry with paper towels and rub on all sides with the herb rub. In a heavy 6quart pot or Dutch oven, heat 2 tablespoons of oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook until browned on all sides, about 12 minutes. Remove the beef and set aside.nAdd the remaining oil, onions, carrots, and fennel to the pot. Season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute until aromatic. Add the sherry and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir in the broth and bay leaves. Return the beef and any juices to the pot and bring the liquids to a boil. Cover the pot and transfer to the oven. Cook until the beef is forktender, about 4 hours, turning the beef over halfway through and adding extra broth, as needed, to keep the beef halfway covered in liquid.nTransfer the beef to a cutting board. Tent with foil and let stand for 15 minutes. Spoon any excess fat off the top of the pan juices. Remove the bay leaves and discard. Using an immersion blender, blend the vegetables and cooking juices together until smooth. The vegetables can also be pureed in a blender. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep warm over low heat.nCut the beef into 1inch pieces and place on a platter. Spoon some of the sauce over the meat and serve the remaining sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 5pound boneless beef chuck roast, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 34 pound about 2 cups cipollini, boiler, or pearl onions, peeled, 3 medium carrots, peeled and chopped into 34inch pieces, 2 medium fennel bulbs, sliced into 12inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 cup dry sherry, 4 cups lowsodium beef broth, plus extra, as needed, 2 dried bay leaves], title: Cipollini Onion and Fennel Pot Roast, picturelink: BmRzUyVe.rww7aB4WaIqEqg3gMXHmgy}, 39008: {instructions: Wash and scrape the mussels thoroughly under cold running water and remove the beards. Put the mussels in a pan, without any water, and heat until the shells open. Any that remain unopened must be discarded. Discard the empty shells, and loosen the mussels from the other shells. Arrange the mussels, in the bottom shell halves, in a cooking tray. Mix together the bread crumbs, parsley, garlic, chives, olive oil, salt and pepper. Spoon the mixture over each mussel and leave for about half an hour before cooking.nPut the mussels under a preheated broiler for just a few minutes to brown the crumb mixture and form a crust over the mussels. Try not to overcook., ingredients: [4 pints mussels, 6 tablespoons white bread crumbs, 4 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 23 cup olive oil, salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Broiled Mussels, picturelink: null}, 39009: {instructions: Cook the noodles in a large saucepan of boiling water according to the package directions. Drain, reserving 2 tablespoons of the water. Place the noodles in a warm bowl. Add the butter and reserved cooking water. Toss to coat. Add the parsley and season with salt and pepper. Toss to coat., ingredients: [8 ounces dried egg noodles, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Parsleyed Noodles Nouilles Persillees, picturelink: null}, 39010: {instructions: Split the tomatoes in half and scoop out the seeds and flesh. Trim the core tops with small knife. Season the tomato halves with salt and pepper.nHeat the extra, 3 turns of the pan, in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the celery and mushrooms and cook 7 to 8 minutes until mushrooms are tender. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper and add vinegar to the pan. Turn off heat and stir in mustard and parsley to coat. Adjust the seasonings.nDivide the warm salad among the 4 tomato halves and serve., ingredients: [2 large beefsteak tomatoes, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 4 ribs celery with leafy green tops, chopped, 1 pound baby portobello mushrooms, quartered, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or balsamic vinegar, eyeball it, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Warm Mushroom Salad Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: N7Yo7zZzz3Z6Ud8SL5pBa8r.bRpk6VC}, 39011: {instructions: Saute red onion, tomato, and garlic in olive oil until soft and translucent. Add guajillo chile, mussels, and beer. Steam for 10 minutes. Discard any unopened mussels. Serve in a shallow bowl., ingredients: [1 small red onion, julienned, 1 large round tomato, peeled, seeded, and julienned, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Olive oil, for sauteing, 1 guajillo chile, thinly sliced, Pinch saffron, 1 pound mussels, debearded and cleaned, 2 cups beer], title: Mussels with Saffron, Guajillo Chiles, and Beer, picturelink: null}, 39012: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the eggs in half from top to bottom. Scoop the yolks into a medium mixing bowl and lay the whites aside. Place all of the peppercorns, except 12 teaspoon of the pink peppercorns, into a spice grinder and process until ground well. Add the ground peppers, caper liquid, mayonnaise, mustard, salt and sugar to the egg yolks and using a fork, stir to thoroughly combine. Place the mixture into a ziptop plastic bag and cut a small hole at one of the corners. Pipe the mixture into each of the white halves. Coarsely grind the remaining 12 teaspoon of pink peppercorns and use to garnish the top of each egg.nChill for at least 1 hour in the refrigerator before serving., ingredients: [6 hard boiled eggs, cooled and peeled, 1 teaspoon whole pink peppercorns, divided, 12 teaspoon whole white peppercorns, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon whole green peppercorns, 12 teaspoon caper liquid, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch sugar], title: 4Pepper Deviled Eggs, picturelink: iwRCKjatLHGS9VI15VA.ZC3SKKr7ZBa}, 39013: {instructions: For the sauce, heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, and saute the shallot until it becomes translucent. Add the mushrooms and cook until they are tender and give up their juices. While the mushrooms are cooling, begin sauteing the bacon in a separate skillet for the potatoes. Add the merlot and cook for about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in a separate small bowl, make a slurry with 1 tablespoon water and the cornstarch, then add the tomato paste and Dijon mustard and mix thoroughly until smooth. Add this mixture to the pan of mushrooms along with demiglace and parsley. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Turn heat down to mediumlow, and allow to reduce and thicken.nWhite the mushrooms are cooking, heat the oil in the deepfryer to 375 degrees F or according the manufacturers instructions for potatoes. Saute the bacon strips in a skillet until crispy. Remove to paper towels to drain and cool to room temperature. Drain excess bacon fat from the skillet leaving a coating in which to saute the onion. Cook until the onion becomes translucent. Deepfry the baby potato slices until golden and drain on paper towels. Transfer them to the pan of onions, and crumble in the bacon. Toss in the scallions and season with salt and pepper. Cover and keep warm.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F for the steak, if you are finishing in the oven. Heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a skillet with ovensafe handles. Season the steaks with salt and pepper and sear for about 2 minutes per side undisturbed to let seasonings integrate into the surface of the meat and then to your preferred level of doneness. Transfer the entire skillet to the oven to finish about 10 minutes for medium rare They can also be cooked on a grill. Let steaks rest, then slice into 14inch thick slices.nTo serve spoon some potatoes, top with a fan of steak slices and drizzle sauce over sliced steak. Garnish the plate with haricots verts., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 shallot, minced, 1 cup about 3 ounces white mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed and sliced, 12 cup Merlot, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup demiglace, 2 teaspoons fresh finely minced flatleaf parsley from about 3 to 4 large sprigs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces bacon strips, 1 large onion, diced, 12 baby potatoes about 3 pounds, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 cup tablespoon minced scallions, white and tender green parts only, Olive oil, 6 6 to 8ounce New York strip steaks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound steamed haricots verts, as garnish], title: New York Strip Steak with Sauce Robert over Baby Potatoes, picturelink: ..i8z9fQ9T.jv1tBINRXrBSAJ9VxTm2}, 39014: {instructions: Special equipment: Minimuffin tinsnPlace the cereal in a bowl. In a saucepan combine the brown sugar and corn syrup and bring to a boil. Boil for 1 minute then turn off the heat. Stir in the peanut butter then pour it over the cereal and stir immediately to combine and coat. Press into greased mini muffin tins youll probably need 3 tins and let cool to set about 15 minutes. Pop out and store at room temperature., ingredients: [4 cups crisped chocolate rice cereal, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup light or dark corn syrup, 12 cup creamy or crunchy peanut butter], title: ChocolatePeanut Butter Crispies, picturelink: LzIsrlt37QE.hQqRdYqa6iwwCb1QqG2}, 39015: {instructions: For the quesadilla: Prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nSprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Grill until cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes, depending on size. Let cool and then shred the chicken into a bowl.nHeat the grapeseed oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and peppers, and cook until caramelized, 8 minutes. Add to the shredded chicken and season with salt and pepper.nLay out the tortillas on a work surface. To one, add the Monterey Jack, followed by the chicken mixture. Top with the Cheddar and cover with the second tortilla.nFor the salsa: In a bowl, mix together the onions, tomatoes, lime juice and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat up the butter in a skillet. Add the premade quesadilla and panfry until golden. Flip and cook on the reverse side until golden and the cheese is melted. Remove from the pan, cut into 4 wedges and garnish with salsa and sour cream., ingredients: [3 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 onion, sliced, 13 green bell pepper, sliced, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, Two 6inch flour tortillas, 2 ounces shredded Monterey Jack, 2 ounces shredded Cheddar, 13 onion, diced, 13 tomato, diced, 12 lime, juiced, 13 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons butter, 1 ounce sour cream], title: FireGrilled Chicken Quesadilla, picturelink: N.dtYsyFKOdkl717FaKo4hFdxvDHOCe}, 39016: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 190 degrees.nPoor the olive oil into a large oven proof dish ceramic baking dish enough to coat the bottom of the pan. Layer half of all the vegetables in the dish.nClean the fish thoroughly, the bream can be baked whole or gutted, if preferred. Prepare the fish by shaving some of the excess scales from the outer body, slice, with a very sharp knife, diagonally into the meat on one side about 3 times. Place the fish on top of the layers of vegetables.nCover the fish with the remaining vegetables. Add a little more olive oil and a pinch of salt.nPlace the dish in the hot oven for 20 to 25 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven and pour the dry sherry over the baked fish. Replace the dish in the oven for a couple of minutes. This allows the sherry to infuse into the fish, giving it the distinctive Andalusian flavor.nIt is best to serve half a side to each person. A crisp green salad can accompany this dish., ingredients: [2 large whole Red Band Bream, cleaned, 1 large green bell pepper, 1 large tomato, quartered, 1 large onion, sliced thinly, 1 large potato, peeled and sliced very thinly, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Pinch salt, Fino sherry, Crisp green salad, for serving], title: Urta con Verduras: Red Band Bream with New World Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 39017: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a sheet tray with foil. Heat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nAdd the bacon to the sheet tray and bake until its halfway done and not yet crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove the bacon to a paper towellinedsheet tray to cool completely and drain.nWhisk together the olive oil, garlic and lemon zest in a large bowl. Sprinkle the shrimp with salt and pepper and toss into the olive oil mixture. Let sit and marinate while the bacon cools, about 15 minutes.nAdd the honey, rooster sauce and smoked paprika to a small bowl and stir together until blended. Reserve.nOnce the bacon is cool, wrap each shrimp with the half slice of bacon and thread with a skewer. Thread the shrimp through the center of its body and through the bacon, securing it. Thread 3 shrimp per skewer.nGrill the shrimp until the bacon is crisp and the shrimp is opaque and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Brush the shrimp on both sides with the glaze the last 3 minutes of grilling., ingredients: [12 pieces bacon, 14 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Zest of 1 lemon, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp peeled and deveined, 12 shrimp per pound, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons rooster sauce sriracha sauce, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika], title: Bacon Wrapped Shrimp, picturelink: T5ADbmwjtf6CC7z6azsTTtWfhc5vaA.}, 39018: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 14inch round pizza pannPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Adjust the oven rack to the lower third of the oven.nBrush the pizza pan with oil. On a work surface, using your hands, press the pizza dough into a large flat disk and transfer it to the greased pan. Using your fingers, press the dough out until it has stretched to the perimeter of the pan. Create a dough lip around the outer edges of the pan. Brush the entire surface of the dough lightly with garlic oil and pierce the bottom of the crust all over with a fork, to prevent bubbling.nEvenly spread the mozzarella over the crust. Using 2 spoons, dollop teaspoonsized mounds of ricotta evenly over the mozzarella. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and evenly sprinkle the chopped oregano over the top.nBake in the lower third of the oven until the crust is golden brown and cheese is bubbly and browning on top, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool on the pan for 10 minutes before garnishing with additional oregano and slicing into 8 pieces.nCooks Note: Try buying fresh pizza dough from your local pizzeria just be sure to let it sit out at room temperature for a few minutes, as warmer dough is easier to work with., ingredients: [Garlicflavored olive oil, 1 1pound ball frozen pizza dough, thawed and at room temperature, 3 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 12 cup whole milk ricotta, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, plus more for garnish], title: Easy White Pizza, picturelink: A6NNRjF2RbMBZg24auOuXFNvcGSKmdm}, 39019: {instructions: Lay the tofu on a cutting board and cut horizontally into 8 equal slices. Put in a shallow dish with the onion, garlic, olive oil and half of the orange juice and turn to coat marinate 5 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, peel the jicama using a sharp knife and cut into sticks. Toss in a bowl with the remaining orange juice and the chili powder.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Turn the tofu to coat, add to the pan and cook until golden, 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Add the marinade to the pan and cook, stirring, 4 minutes.nSpread the cut sides of the rolls with the mustard and sprinkle with the cheese. Sandwich with the peppers, pickle, onion mixture and tofu.nHeat a large castiron skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, add the sandwiches and top with another heavy skillet to flatten cook until golden brown and the cheese melts, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Serve with the jicama sticks., ingredients: [1 14ounce package extrafirm tofu, 1 small onion, sliced 14 inch thick, 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 2 oranges, 1 medium jicama about 34 pound, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 4 small wholewheat hoagie rolls, split, 14 cup yellow mustard, 1 14 cups shredded lowfat lowsodium Swiss cheese 5 ounces, 23 cup chopped roasted red peppers, drained and rinsed, 12 kosher dill pickle, chopped about 14 cup], title: Tofu Cuban Sandwiches With Jicama Sticks, picturelink: IO1ruiIuShrOUEITK.HsxqPi1gb8mq}, 39020: {instructions: In a large heavyduty plastic sealable bag combine lamb and 34 cup marinade and seal bag, pressing out excess air. Marinate lamb, chilled, for at least 4 hours and up to 8.nBlanch the bell peppers in a large saucepan of boiling water 30 seconds. Drain peppers in a colander and, while still hot, in a bowl stir together with 14 cup marinade. Marinate peppers, covered and chilled, for at least 4 hours and up to 8.nPrepare grill. Soak skewers in warm water 30 minutes.nDrain lamb, discarding marinade. In a sieve set over a bowl drain peppers and reserved bell pepper marinade for basting. Thread 4 pepper pieces and 4 lamb pieces, alternating pepper with lamb, onto each skewer. Kebabs may be assembled 1 hour ahead and chilled, covered.nCover ends of skewers with aluminum foil so they dont burn.nGrill kebabs on a lightly oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals, basting with reserved marinade and turning them occasionally, about 12 minutes total for mediumrare meat. Alternatively, broil kebabs under a preheated broiler 2 to 3 inches from heat about 4 minutes on each side. Drizzle kebabs with remaining 14 cup marinade.nMince together garlic, thyme sprigs, and rosemary with salt and mash to a coarse paste.nIn a bowl whisk together garlic paste and remaining ingredients until emulsified. Marinade may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.nYield: makes about 2 12 cups, ingredients: [1 2pound piece trimmed boneless leg of lamb, cut into 1 14inch cubes, 34 cup HerbGarlic Marinade, plus 14 cup, plus 14 cup, recipe follows, 4 to 5 large red bell peppers, cut into 2 by 1 12inch pieces, 8 10inch rosemarybranch skewers, 6 large garlic cloves, 13 cup packed tender fresh thyme sprigs, 14 cup packed fresh rosemary leaves, 1 12 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 12 cups olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Lamb and Pepper Kebabs, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 39021: {instructions: Make the filling: Bring the milk to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk the sugar, cornstarch, vanilla and egg in a medium heatproof bowl until smooth. Gradually whisk half of the hot milk into the sugar mixture, then return to the pan with the remaining milk. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils and thickens, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl strain through a finemesh sieve if it looks lumpy, then stir in the chocolate until melted. Press plastic wrap directly onto the surface and refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the ganache: Put the chocolate and salt in a large heatproof bowl. Bring 1 12 cups heavy cream to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat pour over the chocolate and let sit 5 minutes, then whisk until smooth. Pour 34 cup of the ganache into a liquid measuring cup and set aside at room temperature. Refrigerate the remaining ganache in the bowl until thick but not set, about 1 hour.nAssemble the cake: Put 1 cake layer on a platter spread the filling on top, stopping about 12 inch from the edge. Top with the second cake layer and press down gently.nAdd the remaining 2 tablespoons heavy cream to the chilled ganache and beat with a mixer on medium speed until just fluffy, about 1 minute do not overbeat. Frost the whole cake with the whipped ganache. Pour the roomtemperature ganache on top, letting it drip down the sides. Let set before slicing, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat two 9inchround cake pans with cooking spray and line the bottoms with parchment paper.nWhisk the cocoa powder and 1 12 cups boiling water in a medium bowl until smooth set aside. Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl until combined. Add the eggs, vegetable oil, sour cream and vanilla and beat with a mixer on medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the cocoa mixture in a steady stream until just combined, then finish mixing with a rubber spatula. The batter will be thin.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans and tap the pans against the counter to help the batter settle. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean, 30 to 40 minutes. Transfer to racks and let cool 10 minutes, then run a knife around the edge of the pans and turn the cakes out onto the racks to cool completely. Remove the parchment. Trim the tops of the cakes with a long serrated knife to make them level, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, Pinch of salt, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, Basic Chocolate Cake, recipe follows, baked and cooled, Cooking spray, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder natural or Dutch process, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Blackout Cake, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 39022: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCook the olive oil and garlic cloves in an ovenproof skillet over moderate heat until the cloves begin to sizzle and caramelize lightly. Add the thyme sprigs and let them sizzle in the oil for about 30 seconds. Add desired amount of black pepper and the juice of the orange. Add the olives and stir until they are hot throughout, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the orange zest.nTransfer the skillet to the oven and bake, stirring occasionally, until the olives start to soften, 5 to 8 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 large cloves garlic, unpeeled, lightly crushed, 5 or 6 fresh thyme sprigs, Black pepper, 1 orange, 1 pint about 2 cups oilcured black olives, 12 pint about 1 cup Nicoise or Arbequina olives, 1 tablespoon orange zest], title: Lucca Style Roasted Olives, picturelink: 2dTUxg7nhUUwtnJR9kmS4m6T1CbbI1S}, 39023: {instructions: For the savory corn cake:nIn a mixing bowl place the roasted red peppers, green onions, green chiles, corn kernels, egg, jack cheese, buttermilk and 2 tablespoons of the melted butter. Combine well. Mix together the cornmeal, corn flour, and salt. Slowly stir the dry ingredients into the wet, be careful to not to overmix.nHeat a cast iron skillet over medium heat and brush with the remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter. Scoop 14 cup mounds of the mixture into the skillet leaving 12inch of space between the cakes. When they are nice and golden on the bottom turn them over and cook for about 2 more minutes on the other side.nFor the scramble:nLightly whisk the eggs. Heat up a nonstick pan, add the eggs and scramble lightly. When the eggs are about almost done, add the remaining ingredients.nTo serve, place the corn cakes on a platter, place the scramble eggs alongside and serve with griddled chorizo sausage., ingredients: [2 tablespoons diced roasted red peppers, 2 tablespoons sliced green onions, 14 cup diced green chiles, 1 ear corn on the cob, kernels removed, 1 egg, 14 cup grated jack cheese, 1 cup buttermilk, 4 tablespoons melted butter, divided, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 cup corn flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 whole eggs, 1 tablespoon roasted red peppers, 1 tablespoon chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons grated jack cheese, 14 avocado, small dice, Griddled chorizo sausage, for serving], title: Val Verde Scramble, picturelink: null}, 39024: {instructions: On a plate, mix together the sesame seeds, thyme and coarse black pepper. Dip the cheese slices on one side only. In a very hot nonstick pan coated lightly with olive oil, pan sear the crusted side only until golden brown. Meanwhile, whisk together the mustard, vinegar and extra virgin olive oil. Season and check for flavor. In a hot saute pan coated lightly with olive oil, saute the shallots and shiitakes until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and deglaze with the vinaigrette. Check for seasoning. In a large bowl, toss the arugula with half of the vinaigrette and check for flavor. Add more vinaigrette if needed. Also, slice the head garlic in half and lightly rub the bread with the garlic and grill until golden brown., ingredients: [12 cup sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, minced, save some sprigs for garnish, 1 teaspoon coarse cracked black pepper, 1 log goat cheese, cut into 12inch slices, 1 pound arugula, prepped, 2 tablespoons pommery mustard whole grain, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 23 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 shallots, minced, 2 cups sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup ripe tomatoes yellow and red,12inch dice, 1 crusty loaf sour dough bread, cut into 1inch slices, 1 head garlic, Salt and black pepper, to taste, Olive oil, to cook], title: SesameThyme Crusted Goat Cheese with Arugula Salad with Warm ShiitakeTomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 39025: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the buttermilk, hot sauce and egg white in a pie dish. Mix the cornmeal and salt in another pie dish. Dip the tomato and zucchini slices into the buttermilk mixture, and then into the cornmeal, gently turning to coat.nSpray a large nonstick skillet with nonstick cooking spray over mediumhigh heat. Add half the tomato and zucchini slices in a single layer and cook until browned on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes.nTransfer the slices to the baking sheet and bake until the tomatoes and zucchini are golden brown on both sides, about 8 minutes. Wipe the skillet clean and repeat with remaining vegetable slices. Serve hot.nSERVES: 4 SIDE Calories: 93 Total Fat: 1 grams Saturated Fat: 0 grams Protein: 4 grams Total carbohydrates: 19 grams Sugar: 6 grams Fiber: 3 grams Cholesterol: 1 milligrams Sodium: 112 milligrams, ingredients: [12 cup lowfat buttermilk, About 12 teaspoon hot sauce 10 drops, 1 egg white, 1 cup cornmeal, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 2 large green tomatoes, cut into 14inchthick slices, 1 zucchini, cut into 14inchthick slices, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Baked Green Tomatoes and Zucchini, picturelink: vmI5G682C6FKzEU2Kxy0wnWtOZJ0hC6}, 39026: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nIn a large bowl stir together yogurt, 1 12 teaspoons mustard, and garlic paste.nCut off chicken wing tips, reserving them for another use such as making stock. Add wings to yogurt mixture, stirring to coat well, and marinate 10 minutes.nIn a small ramekin stir together bread crumbs, mustard seeds, and salt and pepper to taste.nArrange wings, skin sides down, on oiled rack of broiler pan and season with salt and pepper. Broil wings 3 to 4 inches from heat until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Turn wings skin sides up and season with salt and pepper. Broil wings 5 minutes more. Spread skin sides with remaining 2 tablespoons mustard and sprinkle with bread crumb mixture. Drizzle oil over each wing and broil wings until crisp and golden, 3 to 5 minutes.nServe wings hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons plus 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 large garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 pounds chicken wings about 8, 2 tablespoons fine dry bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 4 teaspoons olive oil], title: Broiled Mustard Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 39027: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F 190 degrees C. Spray a 9inch 23cm springform pan with cooking spray.nUse a measuring cup to gently press the graham cracker crumbs into the bottom of the prepared pan. Spray the crust with cooking spray. The crust will not be very thick.nIn a blender, combine the cottage cheese, cream cheese, eggs, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice, flour, and vanilla and blend until smooth. Pour into the crust and bake for 40 minutes. Let cool completely. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours, or up to overnight.nToss the berries with a pinch of sugar. Serve the cheesecake cold, topping each slice with some of the berries., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup 60 g wholewheat graham cracker crumbs sometimes I use amaretti cookies as a substitute, 2 cups 480 ml light cottage cheese, 1 8ounce225g package light cream cheese, 3 large eggs, 34 cup 150 g sugar, plus a little more for the berries, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 14 cup 60 ml fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Sliced strawberries, raspberries, and blackberries], title: Light Lemony Berry Cheesecake, picturelink: yJQcryZMYKcJvWNU94nwaQrWueEVAkC}, 39028: {instructions: Heat a 6 or 8 quart heavy bottomed soup or sauce pot over a low heat and add the bacon. Once it has rendered a few tablespoons of fat, increase the heat to medium and cook the bacon until crisp golden brown. Leave the bacon pieces and the fat in the pan. Add the butter, onion, thyme and bay leaf. Saute them for about 8 minutes over a medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the onions are softened, but not browned. Add the potatoes and fish stock. The stock should just barely cover the potatoesif it doesnt add enough water to cover them. Turn up the heat and bring to a boil. Cover the pot and cook the potatoes vigorously for about 8 minutes. Add the diced cabbage, reduce heat to medium, and simmer for 5 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper. The potatoes should be firm in the center and soft on the outside. If the broth hasnt thickened, lightly smash a few potatoes against the side of the pot and simmer 1 or 2 minutes longer to release their starches. Remove the pot from the heat. Stir in the scallops and let sit for 5 minutes. Add the cream and let sit 10 more minutes while the scallops finish their slow cooking. Retaste the chowder and adjust the salt and pepper. If you are not serving the chowder within the hour, let it cool a bit then refrigerate. Cover the chowder after it has completely chilled. Otherwise, let it sit for up to an hour, allowing the flavors to meld. When ready to serve, reheat over a low heat and dont let the chowder boil. Use a slotted spoon to mound the pieces of scallop, potato, cabbage and bacon in the center of large soup plates or shallow bowls and ladle the creamy broth around. Sprinkle generously with sliced scallions., ingredients: [4 ounces slab unsliced smoked bacon, rind removed, small dice 13inch, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion 10 to 12 ounces, large dice 34inch, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped 1 teaspoon, 1 dried bay leaf, 1 12 pounds Yukon gold, Maine, PEI or other allpurpose potato, peeled, large dice 34inch, 5 cups fish stock, chicken stock, or either in combination with water to make 5 cups total liquid, 8 ounces Savoy cabbage, large dice 34inch, Kosher or sea salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds medium bay scallopsleft whole, or large sea scallopscut down to large 34inch pieces, strap removed, 1 12 cups heavy cream up to 2 cups, 2 or 3 scallions, very thinly sliced], title: Bay Scallop Chowder with Bacon and Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 39029: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the very outer husks from the corn. You will need 8 for wrapping the fish. Soak the husks for about 30 minutes. Peel back the inner husks, remove the silks, and close the husks around the ears, and soak for 30 minutes. Heat the grill to high. Grill the corn until the kernels are golden brown and slightly charred, about 15 minutes. Remove the kernels from the corn and place in a bowl. Save the cobs for the pesto, recipe below.nBrush the jalapenos with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until charred all over, about 6 minutes. Dice chiles, including skin and seeds, and add 2 peppers worth to the corn with the onion, lime juice, honey, 2 tablespoons canola oil, cilantro and season with salt and pepper. Save the remaining jalapeno for the pestonRemove the corn husks from the water and pat dry. Brush the snapper on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place 2 husks flat on a work surface with the tapered ends facing out and the broad bases overlapping by about 3inches. Place 1 fillet in the center and bring the longs sides up over the fish, slightly overlapping and pat down to close. Tie each end of the bundle with string and trim the ends to about 12inch beyond the tie. Brush the bundles on both sides with oil and place on the grill. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until the fish is just cooked through.nBrush cut side of limes with some canola oil, place on the grill, cut side down and grill until slightly charred, about 1 minute. Serve alongside the fish.nCombine cilantro, grilled and diced jalapenos, garlic, pine nuts, salt and pepper in a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, slowly add the oil and process until emulsified. Scrape into a bowl.nScrape milk and any remaining kernels from grilled corn by standing cobs in bowl and running a knife blade down the cob. Stir the milk and scrapings into the pesto and serve., ingredients: [6 ears corn, 8 jalapeno chiles, Canola oil for brushing, plus 2 to 3 tablespoons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 2 limes, juiced, 1 to 2 teaspoons honey, Cilantro, to taste, 4 red snapper fillets, 8ounces each, 4 limes, halved, String for tying fish, Corn Milk and Jalapeno Pesto Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups cilantro leaves, 6 grilled jalapenos, from recipe above, 2 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Corn cobs, from recipe above], title: Fire Roasted Snapper Wrapped in Green Corn Husks with Charred CornCharred Jalapeno Salsa, and Jalapeno Pesto, picturelink: 6bb7XNrsXIV5JscZB8TDZzY7v3n8nAO}, 39030: {instructions: Mix the water and sugar in a large heavybottomed saucepan. Cover and cook over low heat until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat and boil uncovered until the sugar turns a medium brown, about 5 to 7 minutes, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon. Watch it carefully at the end, as it will go from caramel to burnt very quickly. Stand back to avoid splattering, and gradually add the cream and the seeds scraped from the vanilla bean or vanilla extract. Simmer until the caramel dissolves and the sauce is smooth and thick, about 2 minutes. Serve warm, or add another 14 cup of heavy cream and serve room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 13 cup water, 1 14 to 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean or 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39031: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a mixing bowl, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Toss gently and refrigerate 45 minutes before serving.nServe salad on a bed of mixed greens with crusty bread. Or alternatively, serve salad scooped onto a hero roll with arugula., ingredients: [1 15ounce can white northern or cannellini beans, drained  rinsed, 1 15ounce can artichoke hearts, drained and quartered, 1 rib celery, finely diced, 2 tablespoons red onion, finely diced, 1 6ounce can tuna, drained and flaked, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, juice and zest of 1 lemon, u00bc cup chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper], title: Artichoke and Bean Salad with Tuna, picturelink: ebBEmslLz0OQBlv9LLHSviIsgTgVLG.}, 39032: {instructions: Cook linguine according to package directions.nMeanwhile, melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and garlic and cook 3 minutes, until soft. Add thyme and oregano and cook 1 minute, until fragrant. Add broth and bring to a simmer. Add linguine and clams and simmer 3 minutes, until heated through. Stir in tomatoes and basil and season, to taste, with salt and black pepper.nTransfer to a serving platter and top with Parmesan., ingredients: [1 pound spinach fettuccine, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup chopped shallots, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 dozen cooked clams, shelled or 1 14ounce can whole baby clams, drained, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, drained or 3 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup freshly chopped basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Spinach Fettuccine with ClamButter Sauce and Diced Tomatoes, picturelink: 0Ef7bmKz96daWWkH9zSlDgC7mOxLuWa}, 39033: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour enough water into a 10inch nonstick skillet to measure no less than 1 12inches, place over high heat, and bring to 190 degrees F. Add the vinegar. Gently crack each egg into a custard cup. Lower each cup into the water until it touches bottom and gently pour in the egg. Cook for 4 12 minutes, adjusting the heat to maintain the temperature. Remove the eggs with a slotted spoon, 1 at a time, to a tea towel lined plate. Trim the edges of the white with the side of a spoon and serve immediately. Eggs may be stored in ice water in the refrigerator for up to 8 hours. Reheat in hot water for 1 minute before serving., ingredients: [Water, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 4 large whole eggs], title: Poached Eggs, picturelink: JpOjDfqGSKfqlaKRlkLXutU9n1z6Ks2}, 39034: {instructions: 1. Core apples. Peel 1inchwide strip from top of each.n2. Stir together KELLOGGS ALLBRAN Original cereal, raisins, apricots, pecans, butter, brown sugar and cinnamon.n3. Firmly pack cereal mixture into apple cavities. Place in 11 x 7 x 2inch baking dish coated with cooking spray. Pour cider over top. Bake, uncovered, at 375 degrees F about 50 minutes or until apples are tender.nFor more great recipes, visit www.Kelloggs.com.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9 2010 Kellogg NA Co., ingredients: [6 baking apples, 12 cup Kelloggsu00ae AllBranu00ae Original cereal, 14 cup raisins, 14 cup chopped dried apricots, 2 tablespoons chopped pecans, toasted, 2 tablespoons butter or unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 cup apple cider], title: AllBran Baked Applesand153, picturelink: null}, 39035: {instructions: In the bottom of a salad bowl, mix together the sweet relish, ketchup, vinegar, extravirgin olive oil with a whisk. Add lettuce and veggies to the bowl and toss salad. Season salad with salt and pepper, toss salad again and taste to adjust seasoning., ingredients: [2 rounded tablespoons sweet pickle relish, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 head iceberg lettuce, core removed and chopped, 1 cup preshredded carrots, a couple of handfuls, 4 scallions, chopped, 4 radishes, thinly sliced, Salt and pepper], title: Sweet Relish Salad, picturelink: null}, 39036: {instructions: Combine the brandy, simple syrup, lemon juice, lime juice and egg white in a cocktail shaker. Cover and shake well until the mixture is frothy. Remove the lid, fill the shaker with ice, and then cover and shake vigorously again until very cold.nStrain into a 6ounce footed highball or rocks glass. Drop 2 to 3 drops of the bitters onto the top of the foamy drink and use a toothpick to swirl the bitters into a yinyang formation. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ounces oolong teainfused pisco brandy, 1 ounce simple syrup, 12 ounce fresh lemon juice, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 large egg white, Ice, for chilling, Cardamom flavored bitters, for garnish], title: Oolong Tea Infused Pisco Sour, picturelink: null}, 39037: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the chicken, garlic, thyme, onion, ginger, and chile. Let marinate for 1 hour.nHeat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the chicken to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 4 minutes. Add the reserved marinade and cook for 1 minute more. Add the coconut milk, cream, and cilantro and lower the heat. Simmer for 6 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [5 whole boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into large cubes, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 teaspoon minced Scotch bonnet chile, 1 12 tablespoons oil, 34 cup coconut milk, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Rundown, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 39038: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 8inch cake pans, one 9inch 2quart tempered glass mixing bowl and two 8inch cardboard cake roundsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and lightly flour four 8inch cake pans and one 9inch tempered glass mixing bowl.nPrepare the vanilla cupcake or cake mix batter. Mix the crushed sandwich cookies into the batter.nFill a 9inch tempered glass mixing bowl halfway with batter. Divide the remaining batter among the cake pans, filling them about halfway up the sides. Bake the cake layers for 35 to 40 minutes and the cake dome in the mixing bowl for 50 to 55 minutes, or until a cake tester or toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Remove and let cool completely.nUse a serrated knife to level the tops of the cake layers and the flat side of the cake dome the dome will be inverted so that the rounded side forms the top of the cake. Measure an 8inch cardboard cake round against the bottom of the dome and trim the round as needed so the cake sits just inside the cardboard.nStack the cake layers, spreading about 12 cup of the milk chocolate buttercream between each layer. Set the stacked cake on an untrimmed 8inch cardboard cake round. Spread a small amount of milk chocolate buttercream on the top cake layer and top with the trimmed cardboard cake round, pressing down gently to adhere. Add a dab of milk chocolate buttercream on top of the cake round and invert the domed cake, trimmedside down, onto it. Using the serrated knife, trim the stacked cake layers below the dome at an angle to come to a slightly narrower bottom this should look like the tapered sides of a cupcake. Spread milk chocolate buttercream evenly around the sides of the trimmed cake where the cupcake wrapper would be. Frost the top of the cake with Champagne buttercream, making a swirled and wavy pattern.nCut the Pirouette cookies to the height of the cupcake wrapper and place next to each other around the outside of the cake. Sprinkle with multicolored sprinkles, top with a maraschino and servenWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl.nIn another medium bowl, beat the eggs and sugar with an electric mixer until light and foamy, about 2 minutes. While beating, gradually pour in the melted butter and then the vanilla.nWhile mixing slowly, add half of the flour mixture. Then add all the milk, followed by the remaining flour mixture take care not to overmix the batter.nCream the butter in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a handheld electric mixer. On low speed, beat in the powdered sugar and then the salt. Add the vanilla, increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until light and fluffy. Beat in 2 tablespoons milk adjust the consistency with extra milk as desired.nMelt the chocolate, then fold it into the buttercream. Use immediately, or refrigerate in an airtight container up to 3 days. Allow to come to room temperature and beat on mediumhigh until smooth.nCream the butter in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a handheld electric mixer. On low speed, beat in the powdered sugar and then the salt. Add the Champagne, increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until light and fluffy. Use immediately, or refrigerate in an airtight container up to 3 days. Allow to come to room temperature and beat on mediumhigh until smooth., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for greasing, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 3 recipes GoTo Vanilla Cupcakes batter, recipe follows, or 3 boxes of your favorite flavor cake mix, 1 12 cups crushed vanilla fudge sandwich cookies about 12 cookies broken into 12inch pieces, 2 recipes Milk Chocolate Buttercream, recipe follows, 1 recipe Champagne Buttercream, recipe follows, Two 14.1ounce tins chocolate fudge Pirouette cookies, Multicolored sprinkles, for decorating, 1 maraschino cherry, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups powdered sugar 1pound box, Pinch fine salt, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 to 4 tablespoons milk, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups powdered sugar 1pound box, Pinch fine salt, 3 to 4 tablespoons Champagne], title: Giant CupCake, picturelink: gyfUviSLxOcCKRNBuqtfO5yi8hmo1K}, 39039: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saute pan on medium heat, heat the olive oil and crushed red pepper flakes. When the oil is hot, add the garlic and cook until it turns golden brown, but be careful not to burn it. Add the baby spinach and toss once. Deglaze the pan with white wine and turn off the heat. The spinach should be slightly wilted.nAdd this mixture on top of your Maui dogs and add extrasharp provolone on top of the spinach, to desired taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 dash crushed red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 2 handfuls fresh baby spinach leaves, 2 12 cups white wine, 2 hot dogs, grilled, with buns, 2 ounces extrasharp provolone cheese, grated], title: Mauis Hot Dog Soprano, picturelink: tU1Kr2c0us1.dk.HKWDQdqSBibqHxU6}, 39040: {instructions: Place the butter in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil for 1 minute.nSet the saucepan aside and let the butter settle, undisturbed. The milk solids will come to the top of the butter and the watery whey will collect on the bottom. Skim off the milk solids with a spoon and pour the drawn butter into a small bowl. Wipe out the saucepan and return the drawn butter to it.nPlace the roe in a medium bowl and whisk lightly to break it up. Heat the butter over medium heat until just hot. Gradually pour the warmed butter over the roe, while whisking, until the eggs turn bright red. Serve with lobster or other shellfish., ingredients: [12 pound unsalted butter, 1 to 4 tablespoons lobster roe eggs, also called coral, preferably uncooked], title: Coral Butter for Steamed Lobster, picturelink: null}, 39041: {instructions: Combine liquor, sugar and fruit together in a large pitcher or punch bowl. Let flavors blend for several hours. Add the club or seltzer water and serve over plenty of ice., ingredients: [4 bottles dry white Spanish wine, 1 cup Spanish fino sherry, 1 cup orange flavored liqueur Recommended: Cointreau, 12 cup sugar, 1 bunch seedless white grapes, 3 lemons, sliced with rind, 3 white peaches, pitted and sliced with skin, 1 honeydew melon, sliced, 1 liter club soda, or seltzer], title: Sangria Blanco, picturelink: null}, 39042: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nIn a blender, combine the garlic, basil, rosemary, sage, chili flakes, and a pinch of salt and puree. With the blender running, slowly drizzle in the olive oil.nSlice the bread into 12inch thick slices and place on a cookie sheet. Brush with the garlic pesto. Sprinkle with Parmesan and mozzarella, if desired. Bake on the upper rack until golden brown and bubbly, about 5 to 7 minutes., ingredients: [10 to 15 cloves garlic, peeled and roughly chopped, 12 cup basil leaves, roughly chopped, 1 small sprig rosemary, leaves stripped and roughly chopped, 2 medium sage leaves, roughly chopped, Pinch chili flakes, Salt, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 loaf bread, Grated Parmesan, optional, Mozzarella cheese, optional], title: Wolfgangs Garlic Bread, picturelink: null}, 39043: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Make the filling: Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and lightly golden, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, thyme and cayenne and cook 1 more minute. Add the chopped tomatoes, brown sugar and 1 14 teaspoons salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until the tomatoes just begin to soften, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, then gently stir in the cherry tomatoes and flour. Transfer to a 2quart baking dish and dot with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter.nMake the topping: Whisk the flour, baking powder, granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste in a medium bowl. Add the butter and use a pastry cutter or your fingers to rub the butter into the flour until it resembles coarse meal with peasize pieces of butter. Add the milk, mustard and thyme and gently mix with a fork just until a sticky dough forms, being careful not to overwork the dough.nDrop balls of dough over the tomato filling and brush the dough with milk. Place the cobbler on a baking sheet and bake until golden and bubbling, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Let rest 15 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 large tomatoes about 1 34 pounds, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar, Kosher salt, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, thinly sliced, 23 cup milk, plus more for brushing, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme], title: Tomato Cobbler, picturelink: imuwFBdrvck2oxcA8klUMn.VD9bFIa}, 39044: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 175 degrees F.nHalve all but 2 of the artichoke hearts and grill the rest over mediumhigh heat on an oiled grill a grill pan may be substituted until lightly charred and warmed through. Keep warm in the oven while preparing the spinach and artichoke dip.nIn a large skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onions until tender and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the spinach and cook until wilted and all the moisture in the pan has evaporated, about 3 minutes. Chop the reserved whole artichoke hearts and add, along with the Greek yogurt, mozzarella and Parmesan. Cook until cheese has melted. Add the basil and nutmeg, season with salt and pepper, and serve on top of grilled artichoke hearts., ingredients: [2 14ounce cans extra small artichoke hearts, packed in water, drained and patted dry recommended: Reese, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 onion, finely diced, 1 cup fresh spinach, cut into julienne, 1 cup Greek yogurt recommended: Fage 2 percent, 12 cup shredded lowfat mozzarella cheese, 4 tablespoons Parmesan, 3 tablespoons fresh basil, cut into julienne, Dash ground nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Mini Grilled Artichoke Hearts with Low Fat Spinach and Artichoke Dip, picturelink: csYfXFaEauyEn.NuUV6rxWRwZX.52.}, 39045: {instructions: Toast the sesame seeds in a dry skillet over medium heat until slightly golden, about 1 minute. Immediately transfer to a bowl to cool.nPreheat the broiler. Toss the mushrooms with the sesame oil on a baking sheet and broil until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Pour off any excess liquid, season with salt and pepper and set aside to cool.nPut the corn on a baking sheet broil, turning occasionally, until slightly charred, 5 to 8 minutes. Set aside to cool.nMake the vinaigrette: Whisk the vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in the grapeseed oil to make a smooth dressing. Stir in half of the cilantro, the shallot and 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds. Add the tomatoes, radishes, jalapeno, mushrooms and the remaining cilantro toss to coat. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper.nCut the corn kernels off the cobs scatter them over the salad and gently toss to combine. Sprinkle with the remaining sesame seeds.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 8 ounces button mushrooms, quartered, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 ears corn, shucked, 14 cup rice vinegar, 13 cup grapeseed or vegetable oil, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped about 1 cup, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 1 12 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 cup thinly sliced radishes, 1 red jalapeno pepper, seeded and thinly sliced], title: Corn and Mushroom Salad with Sesame Vinaigrette, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 39046: {instructions: For the stew: Put the garlic, turnips, onion, carrot, fennel, raisins, ginger, salt, cumin, paprika, sugar, turmeric, cloves, and cinnamon in a large soup pot with a tightfitting lid. Add 2 cups water and bring to a boil over high heat cover, reduce the heat, and simmer until the vegetables are somewhat soft, about 10 minutes. Halve and seed the butternut squash and cut it into wedges. Tie parsley sprigs together with kitchen string. Add squash, zucchini, chickpeas, and parsley sprigs to the pot. Using your fingers and working over the pot, tear the tomatoes into big pieces and add them to the pot with their juices. Simmer the stew, covered, until it is slightly thick and fragrant, and the vegetables are fork tender but not mushy, about 15 minutes. You can test the vegetables a bit sooner, remove them as soon as they are tender, and return them to the pot when you are ready to serve. All the vegetables should be tender enough to cut with the side of a fork, but still hold their shapes. Remove cinnamon sticks.nFor the couscous: Bring water to a boil with the butter and salt in a small saucepan. Stir in the couscous, pull the saucepan off the heat, cover, and set aside until the water has been absorbed and the couscous is plump, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and fluff with a fork.nTo serve, spread the couscous over a large serving platter and, using a slotted spoon, mound the vegetables in the center. Pour some of the broth over the vegetables and sprinkle with the almonds. Pass the remaining broth and the harissa, if desired, at thentable., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 small turnips, peeled and quartered, 1 medium yellow onion, quartered lengthwise, root end intact, 1 large carrot, peeled and cut into 2inch chunks, 12 fennel bulb, thickly sliced lengthwise, root end intact, 13 cup golden raisins, 1 tablespoon peeled, chopped, fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons each ground cumin, paprika, and sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground turmeric, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 cinnamon stick, snapped in half, 2 cups water, 1 pound butternut squash, 1 small zucchini, cut into 2inch rounds, 1 15 12ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 4 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, tied together with kitchen string, 1 cup canned whole peeled tomatoes, with their juices, 2 cups cold water, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups uncooked couscous, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, Harissa Tunisian hot sauce], title: SevenVegetable Couscous, picturelink: BaQ2a6mugQGTdNOWXDntE9R8SQUFqR.}, 39047: {instructions: Cut the chicken into small pieces, 12inch cubes or smaller, discarding any fat or tough connective tissue.nCombine the yogurt with the remaining marinade ingredients in a small bowl and mix well. Place the chicken pieces in a shallow bowl, pour the marinade over, and stir to ensure that all the chicken is well coated. Let stand, refrigerated, for at least 3 hours or as long as 24 hours.nPreheat a charcoal or gas grill or a broiler.nThread the chicken pieces onto metal skewers. Place only a few pieces of chicken on each skewer, and dont cram the pieces together tightly. if they are packed together, rather than just lightly touching, they will not cook evenly.nGrill or broil 5 to 6 inches from the heat, turning the skewers after 3 minutes for about 10 minutes, until the chicken is cooked through. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs or breasts or a combination, 1 cup plain yogurt wholemilk or 2, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 18 teaspoon saffron threads, dryroasted, crumbled to a powder, and dissolved in 2 tablespoons warm water, 1 tablespoon crushed dried mint optional, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Golden Chicken Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 39048: {instructions: Cook pasta in large, deep pot of lightly salted water until al dente, firm yet tender, following package directions. Drain rinse with cold water drain.nMeanwhile, in large bowl, whisk oil, vinegar, garlic, paprika and salt. Add tomatoes with their juice, green pepper, celery and cucumber toss to mix. Add pasta toss to coat.nGarnish with parsley, if desired. Serve immediately or refrigerate, covered, 30 minutes to chill., ingredients: [8 ounces mediumsize shaped pasta, such as pipette or cavatappi, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons redwine vinegar, 3 mediumsize cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 can 14.5 ounces diced tomatoes with jalapeno chiles, 1 large sweet green pepper, cored, seeded and cut into 12inch pieces about 1 cup, 2 mediumsize ribs celery, cut into 12inch pieces about 1 cup, 12 seedless cucumber, peeled, quartered lengthwise and sliced crosswise into 12inchthick pieces about 1 14 cups, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, optional], title: Gazpacho Pasta Salad, picturelink: IwEKifepJ9ibk4qB.B7cdf.cc1PyYXi}, 39049: {instructions: Special equipment: A cookie sheet with sides, about 13by17 inches, lined with parchment paper or a nonstick baking matnMelt the chocolate. Place the peppermint sticks in a heavy, locked plastic bag and crush them fine by whacking and then rolling them with a rolling pin. They should have about the same consistency as crushed ice. When the chocolate is melted, stir in the peppermint oil. Stir in all but 2 tablespoons of the crushed peppermint pieces and spread the mixture out on the cookie sheet, about 14inch thick. It will not fill the pan completely. Sprinkle the reserved peppermint stick over the top. Let set at room temperature until hardened, about 2 hours. Or, refrigerate for 30 minutes to harden more quickly. Use your hands to break into pieces. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [8 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 4 redandwhite peppermint sticks or candy canes, 6 inches long recommended: King Leo Sticks or Red Bird, 2 drops peppermint oil or extract], title: White Chocolate Bark with Peppermint Stick, picturelink: Wm8BKiSkhR7V3Vh7npBSc.PT51wuPPO}, 39050: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the water, sake, sugar, salt, ginger, and peppercorns. Stir until the salt and sugar have dissolved the liquid should taste like sweet seawater. Place the fish in a salmon poacher. Pour the liquid over the salmon, cover, and allow to brine, refrigerated, about 1 hour.nIn a food processor, combine the mustard, wasabi paste, garlic, and vinegar. While the processor is running, slowly drizzle in the canola oil until an emulsion is formed. Remove the mayonnaiselike mixture from the processor and place in a nonreactive stainless steel bowl. Fold in the cucumbers, scallions, and cilantro, season with salt and pepper and refrigerate until ready to use.nRemove the salmon from the poacher and thoroughly clean the poacher. Place 2 overturned ramekins on either side of the inside of the poacher. Line the interior of the poacher, up to the rim, with foil. Make sure that the foil is placed over the ramekins. Repeat with another piece of foil. Add the sugar, rice and jasmine tea to the foil lined poacher. Cover and heat over medium heat until the rice mixture begins to smoke. Place the salmon on top of poaching rack, lower into the poacher, turn the heat to low, and smoke the salmon, covered, for 10 minutes. Turn off the heat and smoke the salmon for and additional 10 minutes. The salmon will be cooked mediumrare to medium. Keep the salmon warm in the poacher.nGarnish: 1 medium cucumber, peeled, and thinly sliced Toast pointsnPlating: Line a large Chinesestyle platter with the thinly sliced cucumbers. Place the side of smoked salmon on top of the cucumbers. Arrange the toast points around the salmon. Present the remoulade in a small bowl accompanying the platter. If desired, drizzle a small amount of the remoulade on the salmon., ingredients: [5 cups water, 1 cup sake, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon toasted whole Szechwan peppercorns, 1 side skinless salmon fillet, pin bones removed, 5 to 6 pounds, 6 tablespoons pommery mustard, 2 tablespoons wasabi paste, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 23 cup canola oil, 13 cup chopped cucumbers, peeled and deseeded, 13 cup chopped scallions, green parts only, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups long grain rice, 2 cups jasmine tea], title: Tea Smoked Salmon with Wasabi Cucumber Remoulade with Toast Points, picturelink: obv4pNPVTO2ynEybgm1w2NHE9hgJMAG}, 39051: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a large high sided skillet with some water, adding enough to be just shy of the rim of the pan by about 1 inch. Place over high heat and bring up to boil add a big pinch of salt and the green beans. Cook for about 5 minutes, the beans should still be crisp. Drain the beans and then run them under some cold water to stop them from cooking. Reserve the beans while you start the onions.nReturn the skillet you cooked the beans in to the cook top over medium heat. Add the almonds and toast stirring every now and then until golden, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the almonds from the skillet and reserve. Return the skillet to the heat and add the butter and olive oil and heat until the butter has melted. Add the onions, season with salt and pepper, and cook stirring frequently until the onions caramelize, 20 to 25 minutes. Add the thyme, and cook for another 5 minutes. Add the cooked cooled green beans and almonds, and stir well to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 pounds green beans, trimmed of stem end, 12 cup skin on sliced almonds, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large onions, sliced thin, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Beans with Caramelized Onions and Almonds, picturelink: MU9O90a3gjEAH8TKF2ARjMAO8KdQRpK}, 39052: {instructions: Whisk the yogurt, goat cheese and 13 cup water in a mixing bowl until smooth. Whisk in 3 tablespoons of the oil, the parsley and scallions. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat an outdoor grill or large castiron grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Brush the pork tenderloin with 1 more tablespoon of the oil and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Grill until charred on all sides and the internal temperature on an instantread thermometer registers 135 degrees F, 12 to 16 minutes.nMeanwhile, brush the cut side of the plums with 1 more tablespoon of oil and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Place the plums, cutside down, on the grill and cook until charred and the top of the flesh is just softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Some of the flesh might stick to the grill but that is okay, the plums will still have a nice, slightly charred flavor.nRemove the pork from the grill and rest for 10 minutes. Slice thinly on a diagonal against the grain. Sprinkle the slices lightly with salt.nToss the baby arugula with the remaining oil and the lemon juice in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nTo plate, divide the arugula salad among 4 plates, keeping the salad on 1 side of the plate. Smear some goat cheese sauce on the other side of the plates. Place several slices of pork tenderloin on top of the sauce and place 1 plum half on each plate. Serve any remaining goat cheese sauce on the side. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup whole Greek yogurt, 4 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature about 12 cup, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 1pound pork tenderloin, 2 large ripe plums, halved and pitted about 8 ounces, 5 ounces baby arugula, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Grilled Pork Tenderloin and Plums with Creamy Goat Cheese Sauce, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 39053: {instructions: For the manicotti: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 11inch oval or rectangle baking dish with vegetable oil cooking spray.nBring a large pot of boiling salted water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and pasta. Cook until just tender, but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and cover with plastic wrap to prevent the pasta from drying out.nIn a large nonstick skillet, cook the bacon until crisp and brown, about 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels and set aside to cool.nIn a large bowl, add the cooled bacon, the spinach, ricotta, Parmesan, 12 teaspoon salt, the pepper, nutmeg and egg. Stir until well combined. Using a small spoon, fill the manicotti tubes with the ricotta mixture.nFor the sauce: Bring the cream, milk, flour, salt, pepper and nutmeg to a simmer in a heavy, medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the mozzarella in batches, constantly whisking, until the sauce is thick and smooth. Reduce the heat to low and simmer 1 minute, whisking occasionally. Whisk in the tomato basil sauce.nPour half of the sauce on the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Arrange the manicotti in a single layer on the sauce. Pour the remaining sauce on top of the manicotti and top with the mozzarella. Drizzle with olive oil and cover the dish with foil. Bake until heated through and bubbling, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 manicotti pasta tubes, 9 slices applewood smoked bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, One 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, One 15ounce container whole milk ricotta, at room temperature, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 23 cup heavy whipping cream, 13 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 large pinches ground nutmeg, 1 12 cups 6 ounces coarsely grated whole milk mozzarella, 1 12 cups jarred tomato basil sauce, such as GDL for Target Tomato Basil, 1 cup 4 ounces coarsely grated whole milk mozzarella, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Bacon and Cheese Manicotti, picturelink: GHuH.zEVXMQl1v4MuOg5fMzMI7jfCgS}, 39054: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all the ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [14 cup frozen raspberries, 1 tablespoon passion fruit juice, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 4 ounces yogurt, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Passion Fruit Flip, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 39055: {instructions: Bring the coconut milk and 1 cup water to a boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow, stir in the tapioca pearls, sugar, and salt, and cook until tapioca pearls are translucent, about 30 minutes. Add banana or fresh corn kernels and cook for 10 minutes more.nDivide among 4 bowls, garnish each with a sprinkle or 2 of sesame seeds, and serve hot, at room temperature, or chilled., ingredients: [1 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk, 1 cup water, 14 cup tapioca pearls, 12 cup sugar, Pinch coarse sea salt, 1 12 ripe bananas, peeled and diced, or 1 cup fresh sweet yellow corn kernels, Toasted sesame seeds], title: Sweet Banana and Coconut Milk Soup: Che Chuoi, picturelink: null}, 39056: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large pot of boiling, salted water, cook the manicotti tubes according to package directions. Drain, rinse in cold water, and pat dry. In a nonstick skillet set over moderate heat, warm the oil until hot. Add the onion and cook it, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the meat, lemon pepper, oregano, salt, and pepper, and cook, stirring, until the meat is no longer pink. Transfer the meat to a bowl, add the parsley, tomatoes, ricotta, and half the Parmesan, and fill the pasta tubes with the meat mixture. Spoon 1 cup sauce in bottom of shallow baking dish, top with the filled pasta tubes, and spoon the remaining sauce over them. Sprinkle with Parmesan and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until sauce is bubbling., ingredients: [12 manicotti tubes about 8 ounces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, minced, 10 ounces ground veal or turkey, 1 teaspoon lemon pepper, 2 to 3 teaspoons minced fresh oregano, or 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 14 cup minced drained sundried tomatoes in oil, 1 pound partskim ricotta, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 3 cups storebought marinara sauce], title: VealFilled Pasta with Tomato Sauce: Manicotti Magri, picturelink: null}, 39057: {instructions: Loosen the skin on the breast and legs. Rub the flesh of the chicken, under the skin, with the lime zest. Mix the curry powder, parsley, salt and pepper together and rub all over the chicken. Place in a resealable plastic bag. Let the chicken sit overnight in the fridge.nPreheat the grill to medium. Brush the grill with vegetable oil.nPlace the chicken on the grill skinside down and grill until the skin becomes golden brown, about 15 minutes. Flip the chicken over, close the cover and continue grilling until just cooked through, about 25 minutes. Remove from the grill, loosely tent with foil and let rest before serving., ingredients: [One 3pound whole chicken, backbone removed, Zest from 1 lime, 34 cup vadouvan or Madras curry powder, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, Vegetable oil, for grilling], title: Grilled Curry Chicken, picturelink: MsEGMocSzp7BM00tY2Vl9zvMTbqwWqq}, 39058: {instructions: Combine the water, lemon juice, cranberry juice and sugar in a large pitcher. Stir with a wooden spoon until the sugar is dissolved. Add the raspberries. Serve in tall glasses over ice., ingredients: [7 cups cold water, 2 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice about 10 large lemons, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cranberry juice, 1 cup superfine sugar, One 6ounce container fresh raspberries], title: Pink Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 39059: {instructions: Wrap the meat tightly in plastic wrap and put it into the freezer for 45 minutes. It should be firm but not completely frozen.nHeat a large castiron skillet or a griddle over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon of oil. Add the onions and peppers and season with salt and pepper. Cook until they are soft and lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Reserve 12 cup cooked onions and peppers for another use, such as the Round 2 Recipe Chili Tostada.nIn a medium pot over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon oil. Stir in the flour and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in the milk and cook until it just starts to bubble and thicken, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and whisk in the cheese and cayenne. Stir occasionally as the cheese melts. Cover and keep warm.nWith a sharp knife, slice the meat into very thin strips. In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining tablespoon of oil and cook the meat until it is done to your liking, 1 to 3 minutes per side. Divide the onion and pepper mixture among the 4 rolls. Top with the meat and the cheese sauce., ingredients: [1 pound top round London broil, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 medium onions, sliced, 2 green peppers, cut into strips, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, warm, 1 cup shredded provolone, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Four 5inch sub rolls, split], title: Philly Cheesesteaks, picturelink: 2tYqAMFHJMmPns1qCsnJzsilYG1QDV6}, 39060: {instructions: Salt the eggplant on each side and let it drain in a colander for about 30 minutes to get the bitterness out. Place something heavy, like a frying pan, on top to get the moisture out.nIn a medium bowl, place the flour, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. In a second medium bowl, add the eggs, ParmigianoReggiano, half of the parsley and some salt and pepper, and whisk together. In a third medium bowl, add the breadcrumbs and the remaining parsley and toss together. Coat the eggplant slices in the flour, then in the egg mixture and then in the breadcrumbs.nHeat the vegetable oil in a skillet and fry the eggplant slices until theyre crisp and golden brown. Dont crowd the pan. Let them drain on a paper towel to get excess oil off.nTop 1 slice of eggplant with 1 slice of tomato, and then season with salt, pepper and garlic powder. Add 3 basil leaves, top with extravirgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar and a slice of mozzarella. Repeat the process with the remaining ingredients.nIn a large bowl, toss the arugula with some salt, pepper and extravirgin olive oil. Add to the top of the stacks and add more ParmigianoReggiano on top. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 large eggplant, cut lengthwise into 14inch slices, Kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Ground black pepper, 2 eggs, scrambled, 1 tablespoon grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more forgarnish, 14 cup Italian parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 1 12 cups breadcrumbs, 1 cup vegetable oil, 3 to 4 medium tomatoes, sliced, Garlic powder, Fresh basil leaves, Extravirgin olive oil, Balsamic vinegar, 1 pound cow mozzarella not buffalo, sliced, 12 cup arugula], title: Steves Eggplant Stack, picturelink: Fyr7qlkp1wQFRxqgc426e7aXSK9UaAO}, 39061: {instructions: In a small cup or bowl, stir the yeast into water to soften. In a large bowl, cream the butter, almond paste and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the softened yeast, lemon peel, vanilla, salt, eggs, egg yolk, milk, and 3 cups flour to the creamed mixture. Beat vigorously for 2 minutes. Gradually add flour, 14 cup at a time, until the dough begins to pull away from the side of the bowl. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface. Knead, adding flour a little at a time, until you have a smooth, elastic dough. Put the dough into an oiled bowl. Turn to coat the entire ball of dough with oil. Cover with a tightly woven towel and let rise about 1 12 hours. Due to the almond paste, this recipe doesnt double in size. Turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface and divide in half. Shape each half into a smooth ball. Cover and let rest 5 minutes. Shape one ball of dough into a half oval 12 inches wide and four inches high at the center. Place in the center of a parchmentlined baking sheet. Flatten the center slightly so that when the next piece of dough is laid across it, it wont be so thick. Shape the other ball of dough into an 8 by 16 by 16inch triangle Keep the points of the triangle rounded rather than pointed. Lay the triangle, centered, on the flattened part of the half oval. Fold the narrow end over to make the head. Pinch with your fingers to form a beak into the top side of the dough. Fold the other end in the opposite direction to form the tail. Cut 2inch slits along the bottom edge of the tail and wing tips. Fan them out as for feathers. Cover with a towel and let rise 45 minutes. Again, due to the almond paste, the dough wont rise as high as other types of yeast dough however, it does rise high during baking. 1. About 10 minutes before baking, preheat the oven to 375 degrees. 2. Just before baking, beat the egg white until frothy. Lightly brush the dove with the beaten egg white and place thinly sliced almonds, overlapping slightly, on the tail and wings to simulate feathers. Use a small bit of an almond to make the doves eye diagram 7. Carefully brush the almond feathers with the remaining beaten egg white then sprinkle the dove with granulated sugar. 3. Bake for 20 minutes. Cover the bread loosely with foil with the shiny side up. Continue to bake for 10 more minutes, or until the internal temperature of the loaf reaches 190 degrees. 4. Immediately remove dove from baking sheet and cool on a rack., ingredients: [2 scant tablespoons or 2 14 ounce packages active dry yeast, 12 cup warm water about 110 degrees, 12 cup unsalted butter at room temperature, 7 or 8ounce can almond paste, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons grated lemon peel, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs at room temperature, 1 large egg separated, 12 cup warm milk about 110 degrees, 412 to 5 12 cups unbleached flour, 1 cup thinly sliced almonds, Granulated sugar optional], title: Colomba di Pasqua, picturelink: null}, 39062: {instructions: Prepare the cocktail sauce in a large bowl. Combine the chili sauce, ketchup, lemon juice, sugar, Worcestershire sauce, horseradish, rocoto chile paste, and cilantro, mix well with a rubber spatula, and set aside.nIn a large saucepot, fill with water and add the pickling spices, lemon halves, and hot pepper sauce and a generous amount of salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Skewer the shrimp, from tail to top, 5 per skewer, and add the shrimp to the boiling water. Cook for 5 minutes, remove from the water, plunge into an ice bath, and refresh for 5 minutes until the shrimp are completely cool.nServe on a platter with a bowl of the dipping sauce in the middle., ingredients: [1 12 cups prepared chili sauce store bought, 1 12 cups ketchup, 1 lemon, juiced, plus 2 lemons, halved, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoon rocoto Peruvian chile paste, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 4 tablespoons pickling spices, 2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 jumbo or U10 size shrimp, peeled and deveined, with tail still attached], title: Shrimp Cocktail with Rocoto Chile Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39063: {instructions: Muddle strawberry and sugar in a glass with a little of the Champagne. Pour into a champagne glass and then top with Champagne.nFor a nonalcoholic version, replace Champagne with cider., ingredients: [1 fresh strawberry, washed and stem removed, 1 teaspoon sugar, Champagne], title: French Toast Brunch, picturelink: null}, 39064: {instructions: Cut tangerines crosswise into 14inchthick rounds and remove seeds. Stud rind of each tangerine round with 4 or 5 cloves. In a large saucepan simmer cranberry juice, tangerine rounds, and sugar, covered, 5 minutes and stir in rum.nServe toddies with clovestudded tangerine rounds in heatproof glasses., ingredients: [4 tangerines, 12 cup whole cloves, 3 quarts pure, unsweetened cranberry juice if unavailable, use cranberry juice cocktail and omit the sugar called for, 2 cups sugar, or to taste, 3 cups amber rum, if desired], title: Cranberry Hot Toddies, picturelink: sfdB4032uvQfrV117mHD8ZntAWr6kp6}, 39065: {instructions: Special equipment: An ice water bath An ice cream machine 10 small clear decorative glasses, for servingnSorbet: Place a bowl or 2 sheet pans in the freezer to chill. Combine the water and sugar in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Whisk the juices together in another bowl. Let cool slightly, then whisk half the syrup into the juices and taste. Slowly add more syrup, tasting frequently. The mixture should taste definitely tart and sweet you might not use all the syrup. Freeze in an ice cream machine, then transfer to the frozen bowl and keep frozen.nIce Cream: Combine the milk with 13 cup of the sugar in a saucepan and heat just to a boil. Immediately remove from the heat. Whisk the egg yolks with the remaining 13 cup sugar until well combined. Whisk a few tablespoons of the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture, then pour back into the saucepan with the remaining milk mixture. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. At 160 degrees F, the mixture will give off a puff of steam. When the mixture reaches 180 degrees F it will be thickened and creamy, like eggnog. Test it by dipping a wooden spoon into the mixture. Run your finger down the back of the spoon. If the stripe remains clear, the mixture is ready if the edges blur, the mixture is not quite thick enough yet. When it is ready, quickly remove it from the heat. Strain the mixture into a bowl and place it in the ice bath to cool. Let cool, stirring often. When cold, whisk in the sour cream and freeze in an ice cream machine. When frozen, use a small ice cream scoop to make walnutsized balls and freeze solid again. To assemble, let the sorbet soften slightly. With a larger ice cream scoop, dig out flat globs of sorbet and pack it around the ice cream balls, covering completely. Freeze for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups tangerine juice, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 12 cups milk, 23 cup sugar, 4 egg yolks, 12 cup sour cream], title: Orange Cream Popsicles, picturelink: null}, 39066: {instructions: Cut the top and bottom off of each orange. Stand the orange on 1 end on a cutting board and, following the curve of the fruit, cut away the skin and pith of the orange. Cut each orange section out of its pith.nIn a medium bowl toss together the orange sections, onion, radishes, and mint leaves. Drizzle with oil and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 navel oranges, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 8 radishes, halved and thinly sliced, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, torn, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Orange, Radish, and Mint Salad, picturelink: gKHvyYPCDJGmV65pf4CECkSVUCUzp2}, 39067: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 6inch bamboo skewersnRemove the heads and shells from the shrimp, keeping the tails intact, and reserve. Devein the shrimp and set aside on ice.nFor poaching liquid: steep the saffron in the white wine. Heat olive oil in a large, heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat until oil slides easily across the pan, add the reserved shrimp heads and shells and cook until they turn an orangered color. Add the fennel, onion, carrot and gently brown, about 2 minutes. Using a cheese grater, gently grate the tomato into the broth and cook for another 3 to 5 minutes. Add the white wine and saffron mixture, water, whole tarragon, and whole basil. Bring to a boil and reduce to a gentle simmer for 45 minutes, skimming frequently. Strain and set aside.nFor the skewers: place shrimp on a skewer, piercing through the tail and body, about 3 per skewer. Season with kosher salt.nReturn the poaching liquid to the stove and heat to a gentle simmer. Add the shrimp skewers to the liquid and cook, until the shrimp are firm and just cooked through, being careful not to over cook, about 2 to 2 12 minutes. Serve on top of Shaved Fennel with Citrus Vinaigrette and garnish with fennel fronds.nCarefully arrange fennel, avocado, and grapefruit on a plate and dress with the Citrus Vinaigrette.nIn a medium size mixing bowl, whisk together the garlic, honey, mustard, vinegar, lemon juice, orange juice, and salt. Gradually pour the olive oil and canola oil into the mixture while whisking. Set aside., ingredients: [2 pounds 1620count whole shrimp, Ice, for cooling the shrimp, 2 pinches saffron, 1 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 bulbs fennel, roughly chopped, 1 Spanish onion, roughly chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 tomato, cut in 12, 8 cups water, 1 bunch fresh tarragon, 1 bunch fresh basil, Kosher salt, for seasoning, Shaved Fennel, recipe follows, Fennel fronds, for garnish, 1 medium bulb fennel, sliced thinly, 1 ripe avocado, sliced, 1 grapefruit, sections removed, Citrus vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon orange juice, Pinch salt, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup canola oil], title: Saffron Poached Shrimp with Shaved Fennel and Citrus Vinaigrette, picturelink: Ps2QnOlAHEuGAiOkGQWJ6PoyzhCSfuK}, 39068: {instructions: One 10inch springform or layer pan, buttered and the bottom lined with a disk of parchment or waxed paper, or 12 4inch individual pans, buttered. Set a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Place the hazelnuts and 34 cup of the sugar in a food processor and pulse until the mixture is finely ground. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the flour. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Continue cooking the butter until it colors slightly, swirling the pan to color it evenly. Remove from heat and add the rum and vanilla extract. Set aside to cool slightly. In a clean, dry bowl, whip the egg whites with the salt until they form a very soft peak. Add the remaining 34 cup sugar in a very slow stream, whipping constantly. Continue whipping the egg whites until they hold a soft peak. Alternately fold the hazelnut and butter mixtures into the egg whites, 13 at a time. Begin with the hazelnut mixture and end with the butter. Pour the batter into the prepared pan or pans. Smooth the top and sprinkle with the sliced or chopped hazelnuts. Bake the financier for about 50 minutes until well risen and golden, about 30 minutes for the individual cakes. The center of the cake should feel firm when pressed with the palm of the hand. Cool the financier briefly on a rack and remove pan and paper. If some of the hazelnuts on the surface fall off, replace them on the cake. Dust very lightly with confectioners sugar.nFor the compote, rinse, pit and quarter plums. Combine sugar and lemon juice in a small pan and heat until sugar begins to melt. Stir occasionally until sugar turns to a deep amber caramel. Add butter and water carefully off heat to prevent splattering. Return to heat, bring to a boil and add plums. Simmer a minute or two, add cinnamon and cool. To serve, place a financier off center on a plate and spoon plum compote next to it. Top with Creme Fraiche., ingredients: [1 cup whole natural hazelnuts, about 5 ounces, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour spoon flour into cup and level off with the back of a knife, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup large egg whites, about 8, Pinch salt, 14 cup sliced or chopped hazelnuts, about 1ounce, Confectioners sugar for finishing, 2 pounds prune plums, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup water, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Creme Fraiche], title: Hazelnut Financier with Plum Compote and Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 39069: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the the water, salt, sugar and brown sugar to a large pot, and put the pork chops into the brine, allowing them to soak for 1 hour.nPreheat a grill to medium heat.nAdd the panko, cheese, parsley, salt, and pepper, to taste, to a large heavy duty resealable plastic bag. Add the beaten eggs to a casserole dish. Remove the pork chops from brine. Dredge the chops through the eggs and shake them, 1 at a time, in the bread crumb mixture.nOil the grill grates with a clean tea towel dipped in vegetable oil. Put the chops on the grill and cook for 10 minutes with the lid shut. Flip the pork chops and cook, covered, for another 10 minutes. Transfer the chops to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Four 1inch thick pork chops, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large eggs, beaten, Vegetable oil, for grill grates], title: Shake n Shimmy Pork Chops, picturelink: ibgefmJkt4n03oYhPYtzvNXaB0wHiy}, 39070: {instructions: Make the dough: Put the flour and salt into a large food processor. Pulse them together until the flour is fluffy and aerated. Add the butter. Pulse ten times. The flour and butter should look like a sandy mixture with chunks of butter still visible. Pour in 12 cup of the water. Pulse five times. The dough should look moistened but not wet, and gathering but not collected into a ball. If there are any dry patches of flour remaining, add more water 1 tablespoon at a time. The final dough should look a bit like cheese curds. Form the dough into discs: Dump the curds of dough onto a clean, cool surface. A piece of parchment paper works well here. Gather them loosely into a pile. Put the heel of your hand on the top portion of the pile and press down and away from you. Repeat this with the entire pile until you have a smooth pie dough. Cut the pie dough into half. Take one half and press the dough onto itself, as though you are closing the page of a book repeat with the other side. Form the pie dough into a smooth disc and cover with plastic wrap. Repeat with the other half of the dough. Let the discs of dough rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Roll out the dough: Take the pie dough disks out of the refrigerator and let them sit out until they have come to a chilly room temperature, about 15 minutes or so. Put one disc of dough between two lightly greased pieces of parchment paper. Pat down the disk and put the rolling pin on top of it. Now, imagine that the dough is the face of a clock. Roll out once at 12 oclock. Then, lift the pin and roll at 12:10. Moving in tenminute increments, roll out the dough to slightly larger than your pie pan. Lift the top paper, put a 9inch pie pan on top of the pie dough, and flip it over. Carefully, strip away the parchment paper. Go slowly. Voila Pat the dough down into the pan. If some of the pie dough has stuck onto the parchment, no need to worry. Simply peel it off and pat into the rest of the pie dough. Roll out the second disc of pie dough in a similar fashion. Put the pie pan and the top piece of dough in the freezer while you make the chicken filling. Sear the chicken: Set a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Pour in 2 tablespoons of the oil. Put half of the chicken into the hot oil. Let it cook for 2 to 3 minutes, then stir it up and cook until it is evenly browned. Remove the cooked chicken from the oil and repeat with the remaining chicken. Cook the vegetables: Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in the Dutch oven. Add the mushrooms, carrot, onion and garlic and cook, stirring frequently, until the onion is soft and translucent, about 7 minutes. Add the thyme and cook until it is fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the potato.nMake the gravy: Sprinkle the flour over the vegetables and stir. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Pour in the chicken stock, stirring it into the vegetables. Bring the stock to a boil and then turn the heat down to simmer. Simmer the stock, stirring occasionally, until it begins to thicken, about 15 minutes. Finish the filling: Add the asparagus and edamame to the vegetable mixture. Stir until they are fully incorporated. Taste the filling and season with salt and pepper if needed. Fill the pie: Let the filling cool to room temperature. Pour it into the prepared pie pan. Allow the remaining piece of pie dough too come to a chilly room temperature. Top the pie: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Flip the pie dough on top of the pie. If the dough sticks and breaks, just pat the pieces together. Working with slightly wet fingers, crimp the edges of the pie dough together. Bake the pie: Put the pot pie onto a parchmentlined sheet pan to catch the drippings during baking. Bake the pot pie until the crust is golden brown and the filling is piping hot and starting to ooze out of the pie crust, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Cool the pie: Allow the pie to cool to room temperature. Serve, ingredients: [420 grams allpurpose glutenfree flour mix, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 sticks 2 cups cold unsalted butter, cut into 1inch cubes, plus more for greasing the parchment, 12 cup icecold water, plus a few splashes more, 2 large boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 1 12 pounds, cut into chunks, Salt and Pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups quartered mushrooms, 1 large carrot, cut lengthwise and chopped, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme or 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 medium russet potato, peeled and diced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose glutenfree flour mix, 2 quarts chicken stock, 12 bunch asparagus, woody stems removed, chopped, 1 cup frozen edamame], title: GlutenFree Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 39071: {instructions: Meatballs:nCombine the ground beef with the cilantro, garlic, lime juice, cumin, hot sauce and salt and pepper. Form into 1ounce balls. Heat oil in skillet over moderate heat. Cook until brown on all sides, about 5 minutes.nSoup:nIn a large soup pot, heat 2 tablespoon vegetable oil. Add onions and garlic and cook for 5 minutes over low heat until translucent. Add chiles and cook 2 minutes. Add tomatoes and their juice, chicken stock, chili powder, cumin, and hot sauce. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes.nIn a small bowl, combine flour and chicken stock. Whisk into soup. Bring back to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add meat balls and simmer an additional 5 minutes.nServe soup with garnishes, ingredients: [1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 medium onions, chopped about 2 cups, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 4ounce can green chilies, chopped, 2 15ounce cans Italianstyle stewed tomatoes, chopped, reserving the juice, 8 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon hot sauce or to taste, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock, Chopped cilantro, Fried tortilla strips, Avocado cubes, Sour cream, Pickled Jalapeno, Monterey Jack cheese], title: Mexican Tortilla Meatball Soup, picturelink: null}, 39072: {instructions: In a food processor, chop together the chocolate cookies and melted butter. Press mixture into a 9 inch pie shell and freeze for 10 minutes.nIn a large bowl stir together the ice cream, almonds and chopped candy bar until well combined. Pour mixture into pie crust and freeze for 30 minutes.nCombine chips and butter in a measuring cup and microwave on high for 1 minute. Stir chocolate mixture and microwave for another 30 seconds if necessary. Drizzle mixture over frozen pie and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons toasted almonds, chill and serve cold, ingredients: [4 cups chocolate wafers filled with icing, 3 tablespoon melted butter, 1 quart coffee ice cream, softened, 12 cup toasted sliced almonds, 1 cup chopped toffee candy bar, 8 ounces chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons toasted sliced almonds], title: Mocha Chip Pie, picturelink: null}, 39073: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 cup bundt pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter and flour a 10cup bundt pan.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, 1 13 cup of the sugar and 1 teaspoon of the pie spice together in a large bowl.nToss the apples with the remaining 14 cup sugar and 12 teaspoon pie spice and set aside. Whisk the eggs and oil together in another bowl.nWhisk in the sour cream, orange zest and juice, and vanilla. Pour the egg mixture into the dry ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon just until combined but still a bit lumpy.nUsing a slotted spoon, scatter about 12 cup of the apples in the bottom of the bundt pan. Put about a third of the batter on top. Repeat, alternating with the remaining apples and batter, ending with the batter.nBake the cake until it pulls away from the sides of the pan and a skewer inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. Cool 10 minutes and invert the cake onto a rack placed over a baking sheet. Cool. The cake can be prepared to this point a day ahead.nTo make the caramel: Combine the sugar, corn syrup, and 2 tablespoons water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook, swirling the pan but not stirring, until the sugar is dark ambercolored caramel, about 15 minutes. Pull pan from the heat and carefully pour in the cream take care it will splatter. Stir in the pecans, vanilla, and salt. Cool until caramel becomes thick and syrupy, then evenly pour over the cake and cool until set., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 13 cups sugar, plus 14 cup for the apples, 1 12 teaspoons ground apple or pumpkin pie spice blend, 4 large Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, and roughly chopped about 5 cups, 3 large eggs, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup sour cream, 1 orange, zest finely grated and juice squeezed about 13 cup, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 12 cup heavy cream, 34 cup pecans, toasted and roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch fine salt], title: Caramel Apple Cake, picturelink: sYgBE6q5LupLxZQMWYqzjlYQwK9R4Xa}, 39074: {instructions: Cover potatoes with water and season with salt. Cover pan to bring potatoes to a quick boil. Boil potatoes until tender, about 12 minutes. Drain potatoes and return them to the hot pot to dry. Set aside. Heat milk, cream cheese and onion over medium low heat until cream cheese melts into milk and mixture bubbles. Pour hot milk and cream cheese into the potatoes and mash to desired consistency. Add a little extra milk for softer potatoes. Season with salt, to your taste, and transfer to a serving dish. Garnish with chopped chives.nPreheat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and bacon to the skillet and cook 2 minutes. Add apple, celery and onion and season the mixture with herbs, salt and pepper. Reduce heat to medium. Cook vegetables 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Crumble the corn muffins into the pan and combine stuffing.nPreheat a large skillet or grill pan over medium high heat. Drizzle chops with oil and season with salt and pepper. Cook chops 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Do not over cook. The chops should be firm but still giving off juices.nIn a medium saucepan, place snap peas and broth and 1 tablespoon butter over medium high heat. When the liquid boils, cover the pan and reduce heat to low. Simmer snap peas 3 to 5 minutes, until tender but still green. Remove pan from heat and season snap peas with salt, to taste.nTo assemble stuffed chops, set a thin chop on dinner plate or serving plate. Mound the pork chop with stuffing, allowing some to spill onto the plate, then top with a second chop. Repeat with 3 remaining servings. Pass potatoes and snap peas to complete the meal., ingredients: [2 12 pounds potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, Salt, 12 cup milk, 4 ounces cream cheese, 1 small onion finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, optional, 1 tablespoon olive oil or vegetable oil, plus some for drizzling, 2 slices bacon, chopped, 1 small McIntosh apple, chopped, 2 ribs celery from the heart, finely chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped sage leaves, or 1 teaspoon ground dried sage, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, or 1 teaspoon dried leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 store bought corn muffins, 8 thin boneless center cut pork loin chops, 2 pounds sugar snap peas, 1 cup chicken broth or water, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Sunday Supper Stuffed Pork Chops, Cream Cheese Potatoes, Sugar Snap Peas, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 39075: {instructions: Blanch the prawns in a pot of boiling salted water for about 1 minute. Drain and immediately cool down in an ice water bath. Set aside.nPlace onion in a large bowl and sprinkle generously with salt. Let onion absorb salt for 15 minutes. Rinse under cool water and then drain. Return onion to bowl and add lime juice, tomato, prawns, and oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and gently stir to combine all ingredients. Garnish with cilantro leaves and serve., ingredients: [2 dozen large prawns, shelled and deveined, 1 large red onion, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 1 large tomato, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons corn oil, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Ceviche de Camarones, picturelink: null}, 39076: {instructions: For the tartar sauce: Mix together the mayonnaise, parsley, capers, mustard, onions, relish and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Set aside.nFor the coleslaw: Put the cabbage, carrots, onions and parsley in a large bowl. Mix together the sugar and vinegar in a medium bowl until the sugar is dissolved. Mix in the mayonnaise, mustard, celery salt and black pepper. Pour the dressing into the cabbage mixture and fold. Reserve.nFor the oysters: Heat the oil in a heavybottomed saucepan until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F.nMix together the flour, salt and pepper in a shallow bowl. Put the eggs in another shallow bowl and the panko in a third. Dip the oysters first in the seasoned flour, next in the beaten egg and finally in the panko. Slip the oysters into the oil and deepfry until golden brown drain on paper towels.nPutting it all together: Spread some tartar sauce on the buns. Place 2 oysters on each bottom bun, and top with lettuce and tomato. Finish with the top buns. Put some coleslaw on each plate and top with 2 more oysters., ingredients: [2 cups mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh curly parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped capers, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon minced onions, 1 tablespoon sweet relish, juice squeezed out, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 cups shredded cabbage, 12 cup shredded carrots, 14 cup julienned red onions, 14 cup chopped fresh curly parsley, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons celery salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups vegetable oil, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 large eggs, beaten, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 24 freshly shucked oysters, 8 soft slider buns, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 8 slices ripe tomato], title: Oyster Po Boy Sliders, picturelink: null}, 39077: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Remove giblets and neck from turkey and rinse inside and out with cold water. Pat dry with paper towels set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine softened butter, 1 tablespoon fine herbs, crushed garlic, 2 tablespoons marmalade and onion flakes. Use a fork to mix together until well combined.nIn a small bowl combine poultry seasoning, 1 tablespoon fine herbs, salt and pepper.nUse your hand to carefully loosen the skin around the entire bird. Work half of the butter mixture under the skin of the entire turkey. Rub the remaining butter on the outside of the skin and season with the poultry seasoning mixture inside and out. Stuff the inside of the turkey cavity with oranges and leeks. Truss if desired. Add any leftover oranges and leeks to a shallow roasting pan pour in broth and set aside. Insert a popup thermometer at an angle about 3inches down from the neck cavity and 2inches from the breastbone, in the thickest part of the breast. Place turkey breast side up on a rack over the vegetables in the roasting pan. Place in oven and reduce temperature to 325 degrees F.nCombine orange juice, remaining marmalade, jellied cranberries, and remaining fine herbs in a small saucepan and simmer until jelly melts. Continue simmering until mixture thickens, about 15 minutes keep warm.nAfter the turkey has cooked for 2 hours brush on the glaze mixture. When the thermometer pops up or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 180 degrees F, about 3 hours total.nRemove from oven and let turkey rest 15 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 12pound fresh whole turkey, 34 cup butter, softened, 3 tablespoons fine herbs, divided, 1 tablespoon crushed garlic, 2 tablespoons plus 12 cup orange marmalade, divided, 2 tablespoons dehydrated onion flakes, 2 tablespoons poultry seasoning, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper, 2 oranges, sliced, 2 leeks, sliced and washed, 1 32ounce container lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup orange juice, 1 can jellied cranberry sauce], title: Cranberry Glazed Turkey, picturelink: yNkfAMyIxg1Nh1PcxzMOq3tpcefwHbu}, 39078: {instructions: Spread cream cheese on top of graham crackers and top with halved grapes. Eat openfaced or add another cream cheesecovered graham cracker on top for a complete sandwich., ingredients: [Graham crackers, Green, red or black seedless California grapes, halved depends on how hungry everyone is, Cream cheese], title: Graham Cracker Grape Sandwiches, picturelink: 26eF91k0CbNL3oBrLg0DW0YQC7DNKsW}, 39079: {instructions: Combine the sugar and corn syrup in a heavy bottomed pot. Cook over medium heat, stirring often, until the sugar has dissolved. Turn the heat up to high and cook until the bubbles get smaller and the mixture turns a light amber color, about 10 minutes. Stir in the nuts and cook for 1 more minute. Quickly pour the mixture onto a baking pan lined with a silicone baking sheet or buttered parchment paper and spread it out evenly with a spatula or wooden spoon. The mixture cools quickly so work fast. Let cool and break into pieces., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 1 12 cups lightly toasted and crushed nuts I used macadamia, pine, and corn nuts, but try any nut you like], title: Any Nut Brittle, picturelink: zfJoqJkTpGsRe7WyEa7euaM8T2jLB2}, 39080: {instructions: In a large skillet heat 3 tablespoons of the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot, add the fillets, skin side down, and cook them for 4 minutes, or until the skin is very crisp. Turn the fillets and cook them for 2 minutes more.nIn another large skillet cook the onion in the remaining oil over moderately high heat, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the fresh coriander, coriander seeds, saffron, green peppercorns, orange zest, garlic and bell peppers and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 7 minutes. Add the wine and the orange and lemon juice and tomatoes and cook the mixture with the salt and pepper.nTransfer the fish to a large glass or ceramic dish, cover it with the vegetable mixture and chill it, covered, overnight.nBefore serving, let the fish stand in a cool place for 1 12 hours. Garnish each serving with two of the steamed mussels, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Six 6ounce red snapper fillets, 3 large onions, sliced, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh coriander, 1 12 teaspoons coriander seeds, 1 12 teaspoons saffron threads, 1 12 tablespoons green peppercorns, Zest of 2 oranges, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded and sliced, 2 orange bell peppers, cored, seeded and sliced, 2 yellow bell peppers, cored, seeded and sliced, 2 green bell peppers, cored, seeded and sliced, 34 cup dry white wine, Juice of 1 orange, Juice of 1 lemon, 6 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded and cubed, Salt and pepper, 12 pound mussels, scrubbed well and steamed, for garnish, if desired], title: Escabeche of Red Snapper, picturelink: null}, 39081: {instructions: In medium mixing bowl, add olive oil, garlic, JPs spice mix, and artichoke hearts. Let marinate for 1 hour.nPreheat grill to high.nLower flame and place artichokes on grill, cook until tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove and set aside. When cool enough to handle, slice 8 of the artichokes thinly.nSauce:nIn small saucepan, saute sliced mushrooms and crushed garlic in olive oil over mediumhigh heat until mushrooms start to brown, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nIn a medium pot, over medium heat, add spaghetti sauce, water, spice mix, salt, and sugar. Bring to a simmer, and add diced tomatoes, 8 grilled artichoke hearts, and mushrooms. Simmer about 1 minute and remove from heat.nIn large pot, over medium heat, boil bow tie pasta until soft. Remove and put in pasta bowl. Pour pasta sauce over pasta. Slice last grilled artichoke and fan on top for decoration.nServe immediately.nIn an airtight container, mix all spices thoroughly., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 12 teaspoon JPs spice mix, recipe follows, 9 small artichoke hearts, sliced in 12, 3 small mushrooms, sliced, 1 clove garlic crushed, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 14ounce can spaghetti sauce, 12 cup water, 12 teaspoon JPs special spice mix, recipe follows, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon sugar, 2 medium tomatoes, seeded and diced, 12 ounces bow tie pasta, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon dried mint, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 12 teaspoon seasoning salt, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried thyme], title: Bow Tie Pasta and Artichoke Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39082: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 9 by 5inch loaf pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the butter into a 4quart pot and place over medium heat. When the butter has melted, add the onion, garlic and thyme sprigs. Saute until translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the mushrooms to the pot, stir, and raise the heat a bit. Cook the mixture until the liquid has cooked off, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nMeanwhile, crack the eggs into a large bowl and whisk well. Add the cream, parsley and Cajun seasoning and whisk to combine. Add the mushroom mixture 1 serving spoonful at a time to temper the egg mixture, stirring well after each addition. Add the breadcrumbs and stir well.nSpray the loaf pan with nonstick spray, line with parchment paper, and pour the mixture into the pan. Set in a large roasting pan and fill the pan with water halfway up the loaf pan. Place into the top half of the oven and bake until the center is set, about 60 to 70 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool 15 minutes before turning out onto a plate to slice., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 1 cup diced yellow onion, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 12 pounds sliced mushrooms, 4 eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning blend, 12 cup seasoned bread crumbs, Special Equipment: 1 9 by 5inch loaf pan], title: Cajun Mushroom Loaf, picturelink: g02wZrPcXU4aBpxghnifc1jFvkIRkIW}, 39083: {instructions: Lightly beat 1 egg in a large bowl. Add the pork, bacon, cabbage, chives, ginger, sesame oil, 12 teaspoon salt, the sugar, garlic, soy sauce and cornstarch mix with your hands until combined.nLightly beat the remaining egg in a small bowl with 1 tablespoon water. Set 1 dumpling wrapper on a clean surface keep the rest covered with a damp paper towel so they dont dry out. Scoop 1 heaping teaspoonful of the pork mixture onto the center of the wrapper. Dab a finger into the egg mixture and brush along the edges of the wrapper. Fold the wrapper in half and press the edges together to seal, then transfer to a baking sheet. Cover with a damp paper towel while you form the remaining dumplings.nHeat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in 3 batches, add the dumplings and arrange in a single layer cook until the bottoms start to brown, about 30 seconds. Add 23 cup water, cover and cook 3 minutes. Uncover and cook until the liquid evaporates and the bottoms are crisp and golden brown, about 2 more minutes. Loosen the dumplings from the pan with a spatula and transfer to a serving plate. Add 2 more tablespoons oil to the pan between batches.nPonzu Dipping SaucenCombine 3 tablespoons ponzu sauce, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sesame oil and 1 chopped scallion in a small bowl.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [2 large eggs, 12 pound ground pork, 1 slice bacon, finely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped napa cabbage, 12 cup minced fresh chives about 2 small bunches, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 12 teaspoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 36 round dumpling wrappers, thawed if frozen, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Fried Pork Dumplings, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 39084: {instructions: For the pizza dough: Put the flour, yeast, salt and sugar in a large bowl or food processor. In the bowl, make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and add the warm water, wine, and 2 tablespoons olive oil or add the wet ingredients to food processor.nWith a wooden spoon stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until the mixture comes together, or pulse in the food processor until the dough comes together.nLightly flour the work surface, turn the dough out and knead for approximately 5 minutes until the dough is smooth and elastic.nSplit the dough into 3 balls lightly oil 1 large bowl with 12 teaspoon olive oil. Put 2 balls of dough in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and put near a warm dry spot to rise for 1 hour.nPut the remaining dough in a clean plastic resealable bag and put in the refrigerator or freezer for future use.nRemove the balls of dough from the bowl, punch down to release the air, cover with plastic wrap and reserve for assembling pizzas. Yield: 3 pizza crustsnFor the pizza: Put a pizza stone in the oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nFlour a clean dry working surface and roll out the pizza dough to 14inch thickness. Dust a large cutting board or wooden pizza paddle with flour and cornmeal, transfer the rolled dough on top. Scatter the tomatoes over the pizza dough leaving a 1inch border around the edges of the crust. Tear pieces of buffalo mozzarella and put on pizza. Put olive oil in a small bowl and brush the edges of the dough with olive oil.nTo bake, lift the board with the pizza on it and slide the pizza onto the hot pizza stone in the oven. Bake until the crust is slightly golden and cheese has melted, approximately 10 minutes. Garnish the pizza with torn basil leaves, slice and serve., ingredients: [3 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 2 teaspoons instant yeast, 1 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup warm water, 14 cup dry white wine, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Flour, for dusting, Cornmeal, for dusting, 1 pound Pizza Dough, 1 cup whole canned tomatoes, crushed with hands, 1 ball buffalo mozzarella, drained from water, 1 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, torn], title: Buffalo Mozzarella and Tomato Pizza, picturelink: null}, 39085: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace eggs in a single layer in a saucepan and cover with enough water that theres 1 12 inches of water above the eggs. Heat on high until water begins to boil, then cover, turn the heat to low, and cook for 1 minute. Remove from heat and leave covered for 14 minutes, then rinse under cold water continuously for 1 minute.nCrack egg shells and carefully peel under cool running water. Gently dry with paper towels. Slice the eggs in half lengthwise, removing yolks to a medium bowl, and placing the whites on a serving platter. Mash the yolks into a fine crumble using a fork. Add mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper, and mix well.nEvenly disperse heaping teaspoons of the yolk mixture into the egg whites. Sprinkle with paprika and serve., ingredients: [6 eggs, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, 18 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Smoked Spanish paprika, for garnish], title: Classic Deviled Eggs, picturelink: q4Q7VZGJZpTv9YPYjuNgOv3ISR22YkO}, 39086: {instructions: For the Vegetables: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the carrots, turnips, beets, thyme sprigs and garlic in a roasting pan with the olive oil. Season generously with salt and pepper. Roast, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 30 minutes. Peel the beets. Keep the vegetables in the turnedoff oven until the risotto is ready.nFor the Risotto: Bring the chicken broth to a simmer in a medium saucepan, over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat so the broth simmers gently.nHeat the olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook until slightly crispy, about 3 minutes. Add shallots and cook stirring, until tender, about 1 minute. Add the rice and stir until it is glossy, about 1 minute. Add the salt. Add 1 cup of the Barolo and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until it is absorbed by the rice, about 2 minutes, scraping up any brown bits on the bottom of the pot. Ladle in about 12 cup of the simmering broth and stir constantly, until the rice again absorbs the liquid, adjusting the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Continue ladling in about 12 cup of broth at a time, stirring between additions and letting the rice absorb the liquid before adding more.nWhen rice is al dente, after 20 or so minutes of cooking time, stop adding broth. Stir in the remaining 12 cup wine until just absorbed, then stir in the grated Parmesan and the butter. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let the risotto rest off the heat for a minute or so before serving. Divide among warm shallow bowls and top with the roasted vegetables. Shave black truffles over the top, or drizzle with a bit of truffle oil, if using.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [8 baby carrots, trimmed, 8 baby turnips, trimmed, 8 baby beets, trimmed, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 to 7 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound sliced pancetta, chopped, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 cups Arborio rice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, 1 12 cups Barolo, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter or truffle butter, Freshly ground black pepper, Black truffle shavings or truffle oil for garnish, optional], title: Risotto Barolo with Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 39087: {instructions: Mash the berries and herbs with the limoncello or syrup in a bowl with a potato masher or fork. Let stand for 5 minutes.nScoop the sorbet or ice cream into serving bowls and add the meringues. Pour the berry mash on top., ingredients: [12 cup sliced strawberries, 12 pint blackberries, A handful of blueberries, A handful of raspberries, A few fresh mint leaves, chopped, A couple fresh basil leaves, torn, 2 shots limoncello liquor or 3 tablespoons simple syrup, 1 pint lemon sorbet or vanilla ice cream, 4 plain vanilla storebought meringue nests], title: Very Berry Smash with Meringues and Sorbet or Ice Cream, picturelink: eqMaxEzaxM8tpp7kI9q5JFlk38MAMDW}, 39088: {instructions: Pour all the ingredients, except the cherries, into a shaker filled with ice. Shake a couple of times and pour into a serving glass. Garnish with 2 Michigan cherries on toothpick., ingredients: [12ounce sweet tea flavored vodka recommend: FireFly, 12ounce cherry schnapps liqueur, Dash cherry juice, Splash lemonade, Ice, Michigan cherries, for garnish], title: Sweet Cherry Tea, picturelink: null}, 39089: {instructions: For the sauce: In a large bowl or pitcher, mix all of the sauce ingredients together. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the pork chops: Heat a large heavy skillet over medium heat and add enough cooking oil to coat the bottom. Dredge the pork chops in the seasoned flour and brown for approximately 2 minutes per side in the skillet. Transfer the chops to a baking pan. Fan the chops so that each chop is exposed as much as possible.nPour the sauce over the chops and cover the baking pan with heavy aluminum foil.nBake until the chops are tender 1 to 1 12 hours. Transfer the chops to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [5 cups lemonade reconstituted, not concentrate If you make your own fresh lemonade, by all means use it, 1 12 cups tomato ketchup, 12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup 14 pound brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons each granulated garlic, onion powder, ground ginger, 2 tablespoons each paprika, chili powder, 2 tablespoons each fresh finely chopped thyme leaves, oregano leaves, sweet basil leaves, if using dried herbs use 2 teaspoons of each, Cooking oil, for the skillet, Eight 6to8ounce center cut pork chops trimmed somewhat lean to avoid excess grease in baking pan, Allpurpose flour lightly seasoned with salt and pepper, enough to coat chops], title: Baked Lemonade Pork Chops, picturelink: wkHs43a8nnIBscnPKvUeYe1cuM.mzQG}, 39090: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Remove giblet bag from chickens cavity. Season cavity well with salt and pepper. Chop up garlic with salt and herbs. Mash garlic mixture with butter. Slide butter mixture under breast skin of chicken and next to legs. Stuff cavity with onion and whole herbs. Place chicken into roasting pan. Roast for 30 minutes at 425 and then reduce heat to 375. In a large bowl, toss vegetables with olive oil and add to roasting pan. Roast chicken for another 40 minutes. Occasionally baste chicken with pan juices. To check chicken for doneness, prick leg with knife and press to see juices. If the juices run clear, then the chicken is done. Remove from oven and let sit for 15 minutes. Remove roasted vegetables to a side dish and keep warm in oven. Place roasting pan on stove burner over medium heat. Add wine and chicken stock. Stir and rub bottom of pan to scrape up brown bits. Bring to a simmer and season with salt and pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, 4 pounds, washed and patted dry, 2 cloves garlic, Salt, Pepper, Fresh herbs: tarragon, rosemary or thyme, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, peeled and halved, 3 parsnips, peeled and chopped into 3inch pieces, 3 carrots, peeled and chopped into 3inch pieces, 3 potatoes, quartered, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Splash white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, Chopped fresh herbs, Salt, Pepper], title: Baked Chicken Dinner, picturelink: null}, 39091: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the horseradish, mustard, salt, and pepper. Set aside.nIn large bowl, mix ground beef, onion, egg, and Worcestershire sauce. Add contents of small bowl and mix thoroughly. Add the bread crumbs and combine well.nPlace mixture into a 1pound loaf pan. Pour ketchup over top and place in oven.nBake uncovered for 45 to 60 minutes., ingredients: [1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 pound ground beef, moistened, 12 onion, finely chopped, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup bread crumbs, 1 cup ketchup], title: Moms Meatloaf, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 39092: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Butter an 8 or 9inch cake pan.nPlace the dry ingredients in a mixing bowl and with a paddle attachment mix in the shortening until pea sized pieces remain. With a wooden spoon stir in the cream, milk, and buttermilk and let sit 2 minutes. The dough should be very wet and look like cottage cheese.nPlace the 1 cup of flour on a sheet pan with a wall and flour your hands. Using a small or medium ice cream scoop, dip into the batter and place scoops of batter onto the flour until the pan is full. Carefully toss the scoops of batter in the flour. Carefully lift the coated pieces of batter out and place around the edge of the buttered cake pan, packing them tightly, then place some in the center of the pan.nBake in the center of the oven for 15 to 20 minutes. As you take them from the oven brush them with melted butter and serve them hot with butter and jam.nNotes about the recipe: Ive tried a lot of biscuit recipes and love my whipped cream biscuits recipe but this is even better and its easy and fun to do with kids. Its a version of a recipe I learned from Shirley Corriher but I like mine a little less sweet and not quite as rich as hers. All you need is an ice cream scoop for shaping. And use Lily White Flour if you can get it. I keep a bag in my pantry in a zip lock bag that Shirley gave me., ingredients: [2 cups cake flour or allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 18 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup shortening, 13 cup heavy cream, 13 cup milk, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup or more flour, for rolling, 2 tablespoons melted butter], title: Killer Buttermilk Biscuits, picturelink: AmytEIHGKJPb4dQP1ux7giVIECbt6dm}, 39093: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Toast Sandwich Thinsu00ae halves to light golden. In a skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil from the marinated sundried tomatoes over medium heat. Add mushrooms and cook until soft and moisture is released, about 5 to 7 minutes and season with salt and pepper to taste. Meanwhile, pulse 5 sundried tomatoes with 2 teaspoons of their oil in food processor until smooth. Add ricotta. Pulse to incorporate and season to taste with salt and pepper. Spread approximately 2 tablespoons of the sundried tomato and ricotta mixture on top of each toasted Sandwich Thinsu00ae rolls half. Top each pizza with a few baby spinach leaves and divide mushrooms between each pizza. Place pizzas on a baking sheet and bake for 3 to 5 minutes to heat and infuse all the flavors., ingredients: [4 Arnoldu00ae or Oroweatu00ae 100 Whole Wheat Sandwich Thinsu00ae rolls, separated, 5 sundried tomatoes packed in oil 1 tbsp. plus 2 tsp. of oil, 1 c. fresh ricotta cheese, 8 oz. mushrooms, chopped use any kind you like, 1 c. fresh baby spinach leaves, wash and dried, Kosher salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Sandwich Thinsandreg Mushroom and Spinach Mini Pizzas, picturelink: SRxsaR9r5A5RwHbjiep8cJdy2sLLrO}, 39094: {instructions: Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook 1 minute. Add mushrooms and cook 3 to 5 minutes, until tender. Stir in thyme and cook 1 minute to heat through. Season with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 cups mixed wild mushrooms, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, or 1 teaspoon dried, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: bAPwjgwivtRxJHq6Z6NgXOEU243JVG6}, 39095: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the rum, orange juice, banana liqueur and frozen pineapple in a blender and process until a smoothie consistency. Add more frozen pineapple if too thin and add more orange juice if too thick. Garnish with orange slices., ingredients: [34 cup spiced rum, 12 cup orange juice, plus more if needed, 14 cup banana liqueur, 3 cups frozen pineapple, plus more if needed, Orange slices, for garnish], title: Old Yeller Cocktail, picturelink: DGX8z8e.lQaNxcYJvXMjSMjc6TrOK2}, 39096: {instructions: For the cookies:nIn a medium saucepan, bring the sugar and corn syrup to a boil and then reduce to a simmer. Remove from heat, stir in the peanut butter, and then fold in the puffed rice. Let cool until cool enough to touch. Spread waxed paper to cover a 2foot long area. Press cookie batter, 12inch thick, onto waxed paper. Cut cookies with cookie cutters, and then transfer to a cookie sheet.nFor the glaze:nMelt chocolate and butterscotch separately in a double boiler over barely simmering water or in the microwave at 50 percent power.nIn a medium bowl, combine melted chocolate and butterscotch. Using the back of a metal spoon, drizzle glaze over the cookies. Set aside until glaze sets, about 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 1 cup peanut butter, creamy or crunchy, 6 cups puffed rice cereal recommended: Rice Krispies, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, melted, 1 cup butterscotch chips, melted], title: Daves Christmas Crunch Cookies, picturelink: null}, 39097: {instructions: Using a sharp knife or mandoline, slice the fennel as thinly as possible, then soak in ice water to crisp up, about 5 minutes. Strain and dry well.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard and some salt and pepper, then whisk in the olive oil to create a vinaigrette.nAdd the dates, basil, cilantro, mint and chile to the vinaigrette. Then add the orange and grapefruit segments and the fennel toss well. Divide the salad among 4 serving plates and garnish with the pistachios., ingredients: [2 fennel bulbs, 2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup chopped dates, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, 1 medium red chile, such as Fresno or cayenne, thinly sliced, 2 oranges, peels and pith cut off and segments cut free, 1 grapefruit, peel and pith cut off and segments cut free, 2 tablespoons chopped pistachios], title: Fennel and Citrus Salad, picturelink: 3nd4sIAfIkXmY5cGOBm4uOX.Tym4o.}, 39098: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add potatoes and cook for 8 minutes or until slightly tender. Strain, place in large bowl and let cool until slightly warm.nWhile potatoes are cooking, set up grill or grill pan for direct cooking over medium heat. Place scallions on hot oiled grill and cook for 4 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and set aside.nTo the bowl with the potatoes add mayonnaise, sour cream, mustard, garlic, salt and pepper and gently mix until well blended and potatoes are coated. Slice grilled scallions and mix into the potatoes. Serve immediately or keep covered in the refrigerator for up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 pound red potatoes, cut in to 1inch cubes, 1 bunch scallions, washed, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy Potato Salad with Grilled Scallions, picturelink: null}, 39099: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to medium.nSeason the veal chops generously with salt and let them sit for 15 to 20 minutes.nRub the chops with oil on both sides and arrange on the preheated grill on a very hot spot. After about 3 to 4 minutes, when the chops have developed lovely grill marks, rotate the chops 90 degrees to create the crosshatch pattern. Cook the chops for an additional 3 to 4 minutes on that side and then repeat the process on the other side. This will cook the chops to about mediumrare. Remove the chops to a serving platter and set aside in a warm place to let the juices redistribute.nWhile the chops are cooking, coat a large saute pan with extravirgin olive oil and over medium heat add the garlic cloves.nWhen the garlic has become golden brown and is very aromatic, remove and discard the garlic. It has fulfilled its garlic destiny. Add the potatoes, season with salt and brown the potatoes on each side. When the potatoes are brown on each side, add the mushrooms and season with salt. Saute the mushrooms for 5 to 7 minutes. When the mushrooms have become soft and aromatic, add in the cherry peppers and 2 to 3 tablespoons of the pepper vinegar more if you like things REALLY spicy. Add the vinegar in baby steps, it can make things VERY spicy and there will not be any recovery. Check for seasoning and season with salt if needed it will. Toss in the chives. Transfer the potato mixture to a serving bowl or platter and serve immediately with the veal chops drizzled with extravirgin olive oil.nMouthwateringly spicy and delicious, ingredients: [4 bonein veal chops, at least 1inch thick, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 pound fingerling potatoes, cut in rounds about 12inch thick, 1 12 pounds assorted mushrooms shiitake, chanterelle, oyster, or cremini, sliced, 5 to 6 hot cherry peppers with their vinegar, stems and seeds removed, quartered, 1 bunch chives, cut into 1inch lengths], title: Grilled Veal Chop with Fingerlings, Mushrooms and Cherry Peppers, picturelink: VF3TKYGSgHJ0uFtudMgVSw90cWEnXm}, 39100: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a medium size bowl, combine the butter and sugar, and beat until fluffy. Add the egg whites one at a time, beating thoroughly before adding the next. Fold in flour and mustard seeds. Mix well, and refrigerate.nGrease baking sheet with butter. Drop spoonfuls of batter onto baking sheet, and smooth into desired shape. Bake for 5 minutes, until golden brown. Remove from the baking sheet with a pallet knife, and shape over a bottle turned on its side. Let tuilles harden over bottle, remove, and set aside.nTo make the raspberry sorbet, puree raspberries and strain through a sieve. Combine the sugar and water in a saucepan and stir over gentle heat until sugar has dissolved. Turn heat up, and boil for 5 minutes until liquid forms a sticky syrup. Once the syrup has cooled, add the puree and the juice of 1 lemon. Freeze in an ice cream maker for 20 minutes. Alternatively, place mixture in a bowl and put in freezer. When edges begin to freeze, whisk an egg white, and fold into the partially frozen mixture. Return to freezer until frozen., ingredients: [8 ounces softened butter, plus more for greasing baking sheet, 10 ounces sugar, 4 egg whites, 8 ounces cake flour, 2 tablespoons brown mustard seeds, 16 ounces fresh or frozen raspberries, 8 ounces sugar, 12 cup water, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 egg white, optional], title: Mustard Seed Tuille with Raspberry Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 39101: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Cut out 4 heart shapes from parchment or foil, each 14 inches wide by 9 inches long. Lightly butter foil, if using. Place seasoned salmon on 1 side of parchment or foil. Heat medium skillet on medium high heat. Add butter and melt. Add mushrooms and saute until slightly golden. Add shallots, salt and pepper. Cook 2 minutes. Add chayote and wine. Cook until almost dry. Add epasote and lemon juice. Cool. Divide mixture between salmon fillets, mounding slightly. Fold second half of parchment over salmon, enclosing completely. Fold edges over to secure tightly.nPlace parchment packages on baking sheet. Bake until packets are puffed and salmon is cooked through, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [4 1inch thick salmon fillets, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 pound Shiitake or Portobello mushrooms, cut julienne, 3 shallots, peeled, sliced, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon finely ground black pepper, 1 small chayote, seeded, cut julienne, 14 cup dry white wine, 3 sprigs epasote, leaves roughly chopped, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Salmon and Vegetables en Papillote, picturelink: null}, 39102: {instructions: The night before your picnic, puree 6 cups chopped seedless watermelon in a blender until smooth, pour into a shallow airtight container and freeze. Bring the frozen watermelon on your picnic itll double as an extra ice pack and let thaw slightly, then mash with a fork and spoon into cups., ingredients: [], title: Watermelon Slushies, picturelink: zzKOtPyweDgTeTwCVTI7YhI1CY2WOq}, 39103: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the chimichurri: In a food processor, combine the parsley, cilantro, garlic, red onion, paprika, vinegar, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Blend until smooth. Reserve half for drizzling on the fajitas. Place the remaining half in a large resealable plastic bag.nMarinate the steak: Place the steak in the bag with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal. Rest at room temperature for up to 2 hours.nMake the peppers: In a large straightsided pan with a lid, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. When the oil begins to swirl, add the poblano, bell, and jalapeno peppers, and the onion. Season with a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until softened and slightly caramelized around the edges, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the beer, cover, and reduce the heat to medium. Cook until all the vegetables are plump and tender, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat.nGrill the steak: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Remove the steak from the marinade and discard the marinade. Season the steak with a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper on both sides. Grill the steak, flipping just once, until cooked to medium rare, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Transfer the steak to a plate, cover loosely with aluminum foil, and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nWarm the tortillas: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Wet your hands and rub each side of the tortillas with your hands, then stack the tortillas, wrap them tightly in aluminum foil, and place on the center rack of the oven until steamy, about 10 minutes  or place them in a warmer.nAssemble the fajitas: Slice the steak into thin slices on the bias, against the direction of the muscle. Place a few strips of meat on each warmed tortilla and top with the peppers. Drizzle the reserved chimichurri over the top and fold loosely like a soft taco., ingredients: [1 bunch fresh flatleaf or curly parsley, leaves only, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves only, 5 garlic cloves, 12 cup roughly chopped red onion, 2 teaspoons Hungarian or hot paprika, 2 tablespoons sherry or red wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds flank steak, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 poblano peppers, seeded and cut into strips, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and cut into strips, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and cut into strips, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and cut into strips, 1 large Vidalia or sweet onion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 ounces pale ale or pilsner beer, Twelve 8inch flour tortillas], title: Flank Steak Fajitas with Chimichurri and Drunken Peppers, picturelink: Xl.E9stoPOGATcyHp8yL6bqHqfyRSRq}, 39104: {instructions: Combine the fruit and the maple syrup in a bowl and serve at room temperature, or cover and refrigerate until an hour before serving., ingredients: [2 12 cups pitted and sliced assorted stone fruit, such as peaches, plums, apricots andor cherries, 34 cup maple syrup], title: Maple Fruit Compote, picturelink: null}, 39105: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and saute 3 minutes, until soft. Add roast beef slices and saute 3 to 5 minutes, until browned on all sides, stirring frequently. Add tomatoes, jalapenos, lime juice, and cumin and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer and cook 5 minutes, to heat through and reduce slightly.nRemove from heat and stir in cilantro. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Spoon onto sliced rolls with plenty of sauce and serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 cup diced onions, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 ounces sliced roast beef, sliced into strips, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 4ounce can minced green chiles, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and ground black pepper, 4 sandwich rolls, sliced in 12], title: Picante Roast Beef Sandwich with Garlic, Lime and Green Chile, picturelink: n1xU8QPN7vElWkt4VOk3OnuSugK6xCW}, 39106: {instructions: 1. Place frozen burgers on baking sheet. Brush tops with pepper sauce. Bake at 350 degrees F for 18 to 20 minutes.n2. Combine cucumber, yogurt, onion, cumin, salt, and garlic powder. Spoon on top of burgers. Garnish with additional thin cucumber slices and chopped red onion, if desired.nON THE GRILL:nPreheat grillnUse a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 165 degrees F.nHelpful Hints: When you want an exotic entree in just a few minutes, this recipe saves the day. Just 20 minutes from start to finish gives you peppersauced burgers topped with refreshing cucumberyogurt sauce. Garnish with a few thin slices of cucumber and chopped red onion for extra pizazz.nNote: Recipe is vegan only if vegan yogurt and Morningstar Farmsu00ae Grillersu00ae Vegan Veggie Burgers are used.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [4 Grillersu00ae Vegan Veggie Burgers or Grillers Primeu00ae Veggie Burgers, 34 teaspoon liquid pepper sauce, 12 cup finely chopped, seeded cucumber, 14 cup lowfat plain yogurt or lowfat vegan yogurt, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon garlic powder], title: Cucumber Raita Burgers, picturelink: 07hCnsKgi0RcEM3KnP8G5y6cQZ83diC}, 39107: {instructions: Cut pancetta into 13inch dice, then cook in a deep 12inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until fat begins to render, 1 to 2 minutes. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is golden, about 10 minutes. Add wine and boil until reduced by half, 1 to 2 minutes.nCook spaghetti in a 6 to 8quart pot of boiling salted water until al dente.nWhile pasta is cooking, whisk together eggs, ParmigianoReggiano, Pecorino Romano 13 cup, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, and 14 teaspoon salt in a small bowl.nDrain spaghetti in a colander and add to onion mixture, then toss with tongs over moderate heat until coated. Remove from heat and add egg mixture, tossing to combine. Serve immediately.nCooks note: The eggs in this recipe will not be fully cooked, which may be of concern if there is a problem with salmonella in your area., ingredients: [5 ounces pancetta, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 pound spaghetti, 3 large eggs, 1 12 ounces ParmigianoReggiano, finely grated 34 cup, 34 ounces Pecorino Romano, finely grated 13 cup, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Spaghetti alla Carbonara, picturelink: null}, 39108: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, add the cocoa, sugar, orange zest, black pepper, and clove. Combine well to form a rub. Coat the pork with oil and sprinkle with the salt. Smear the cocoa rub all over the pork shoulder. Add the onion quarters and pork to a large dish and pour orange juice and red wine vinegar over the pork. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 4 to 12 hours to marinate.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Let pork sit a room temperature while oven heats up, at least 45 minutes to 1 hour.nRemove pork from marinade and dry well. Put the pork in a clean, dry roasting pan, and roast until the skin is browned, about 30 minutes. Reduce the oven to 325 degrees F, scatter onions from the marinade around the pork and roast until the internal temperature registers 155 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 2 to 2 12 to 2 hours.nTransfer the pork to a cutting board and cover loosely with foil. Allow the roast to rest for 15 to 30 minutes before carving.nSlice between the meat and cracklings and lift the crackling off in 1 piece. Cut the crackling into pieces, so theyre easier to eat. Carve meat downward and against the grain and arrange on a platter. Spoon pan juices and onions over the meat and serve., ingredients: [5 to 6pound boneless pork shoulder, trimmed of excess fat, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground clove, 3 medium yellow onions, quartered, 13 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup red wine vinegar], title: Cocoa Pork, picturelink: ehB84iNrOoCmssd6qmOfS8ntIVc6ShS}, 39109: {instructions: Using a sharp knife, make a wide horizontal slit in each chicken breast. Put the cheese inside, wrap a slice of bacon around the stuffed breast and secure with a toothpick.nPrepare the grill and let the coals burn down to medium gray with a red underglow. Arrange the breasts on the center and cook until browned and cooked through, about 7 minutes on each side., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 4 14inch slabs pepper Jack, 4 slices hickorysmoked bacon], title: Chicken Breasts with Pepper Jack and Bacon, picturelink: EwcKPZ0fY9vyxtQTKcDRb6wFSxLAmAy}, 39110: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nLine the cupcake pan with paper liners and spray the liners with vegetable spray.nShave 5 ounces of chocolate and put it into a bowl. Cut the remaining 3 ounces of chocolate into roughly 12inch pieces, set aside.nCombine the butter and cream in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When the cream mixture comes to a simmer, pour it over the shaved chocolate and stir gently to melt the chocolate.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, sugar, mayonnaise, cornstarch, cinnamon, and salt just until the sugar has dissolved. Pour the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture and gently mix just until combined. Mixing too much will prevent the eggs from rising in the oven. Scoop about 14 cup of the batter into each mold, it should come about 34 of the way up the sides. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Do not over bake. Immediately while hot, add a chunk of the remaining chocolate in the center of each, by gently pushing it through the top of the cupcake in the center. Cool the pan on a rack for 10 minutes and then unmold them. Dust with powdered sugar and serve warm., ingredients: [Vegetable spray, for greasing liners, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, preferably Scharffen Berger, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 large eggs, room temperature, 1 13 cups sugar, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup cornstarch, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon gray salt], title: Molten Flourless Chocolate Cupcakes, picturelink: 0gabneMUY0QJ0B5Y14NdwZPbJMdkzW}, 39111: {instructions: Mix 2 tablespoons each coarse white sugar and lemon or limeflavored gelatin powder. Sandwich lemon sorbet between lemon cookies roll the sides in the sugar mixture. Freeze at least 1 hour, ingredients: [], title: SweetTart Lemon Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 39112: {instructions: Trim fat from the chops. In a shallow baking dish, whisk together olive oil, basil, parsley, scallions, mushrooms, salt and pepper. Marinate chops for half an hour, turning once. Without removing the marinade ingredients from the surface of the chops, coat them with bread crumbs. Broil the chops, not too closely to the heat, for 6 to 8 minutes on each side, or until the crumbs are nicely browned and the chops are pink on the inside.nMeanwhile prepare the sauce: Cook the wine and consomme in a saucepan. Knead together the butter and crumbs, shallots, parsley, scallions, salt and pepper. Add this mixture to the simmering liquid, stirring. Continue to simmer the sauce, stirring occasionally, until some of the liquid evaporates and the sauce thickens. Just before serving, stir in the zest of 14 orange and 2 to 3 tablespoons orange juice. Serve in a sauceboat with lamb chops., ingredients: [6 lamb chops from the rib, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped, 1 tablespoon scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons mushrooms, chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry crumbs of French bread, 12 cup Champagne or other dry white wine, 12 cup consomme, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons dry crumbs of French bread, 1 tablespoon shallots, chopped, 2 teaspoons parsley, chopped, 1 teaspoon scallions, chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 orange], title: Cotelettes dAgneau a la Provencale Lamb Chops ProvenceStyle, picturelink: null}, 39113: {instructions: Chop the nuts fairly finely and mix with the sugar, cayenne and lemon zest.nRoll a caramel in your hand until round, then roll in the nut mixture, pressing to coat. Set aside and repeat with the remaining caramels., ingredients: [One 8.75ounce can salted, roasted mixed nuts, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Zest of 1 lemon, 40 soft caramels], title: CaramelNut Truffles, picturelink: ymG8UcgiOqU9DOXlXtD8g4TwVOGsx3C}, 39114: {instructions: Heat soy sauce in a small saucepan and dissolve the brown sugar. In a small mixing bowl, make a slurry with the vinegar and cornstarch and add the slurry to the pot to thicken the sauce. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature.nHeat oil in deep fryer to 375 degrees F or follow the manufacturers instructions for similar foods.nLightly toast the bread and lay out on a work surface. Blend the garlic, ginger root, egg, cream, fish sauce and sesame oil in a food processor to make a paste. Add the rock shrimp and pulse to combine. Coat toast with shrimp mixture and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Deepfry until golden brown and drain on paper towels. Serve with dipping sauce., ingredients: [12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 liter canola oil, or enough to deepfry, 4 slices white bread, crust cut removed and cut into 16 triangles, 1 large clove garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and quartered, 1 tablespoon peeled chopped fresh ginger root, 1 egg, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 pound rock shrimp, 12 cup sesame seeds], title: Sail Away Shrimp Toast, picturelink: cUJ3W3fqhYp9.NlgCqPwmNU0M06ermC}, 39115: {instructions: Combine 1 cup of the sugar, 13 cup of the sage and 1 cup water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer, allowing the sugar to dissolve. Let the mixture cool for about 30 minutes, then strain.nCombine the salt and the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon sage in a shallow dish. Lightly dampen the rim of a margarita glass with some of the key lime juice. Dip the rim in the salt mixture to coat. Thread 2 of the blackberries on a small skewer.nMuddle the remaining 8 blackberries n a cocktail shaker. Add the tequila, orange liqueur, key lime juice and 2 ounces of the sage simple syrup. Fill with ice and shake until the shaker is cold, about 10 seconds. Pour the mixture into the prepared glass and garnish with the skewered blackberries.nReserve the remaining simple syrup for another use. It will keep in the refrigerator, covered, for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon bruised and finely chopped fresh sage, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 ounce fresh key lime juice, plus a touch more for the rim of the glass, 10 blackberries, 3 ounces blanco tequila, such as Corazon, 1 ounce orange liqueur], title: Heart of Darkness Margarita, picturelink: D0AkYMln1YJzOae3i7giYgYt73o8EwG}, 39116: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the garbanzo beans, 3 to 4 tablespoons flour, herbs, garlic, cumin, cayenne, egg, and salt and pepper pulse together until almost smooth. Transfer mixture to bowl. The mixture should be firm enough to form balls if not, add additional flour as needed. Shape mixture into balls about 2 inches in diameter. Toss in remaining 12 cup flour to coat all over. Set aside until oil is hot enough to fry.nHeat oil over mediumhigh heat until about 375 degrees F. Test with some extra falafel mix to see if the temperature is right it should sink and rise to the surface and float. Add falafel balls in batches so as not to crowd them and cook until crisp and golden, about 8 minutes. Carefully remove from oil and drain on paper towels.nFill pita halves with a few falafel balls, cucumber, lettuce, onions and peppers, and top with yogurt sauce.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl until well incorporated. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 15ounce cans garbanzo beans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 3 to 4 tablespoons, plus 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 2 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 large egg, lightly beaten with a fork, Salt and pepper, 3 quarts vegetable oil, for frying, 3 good quality pita breads, cut in 12, Sesame Mint Yogurt Sauce, recipe follows, 1 English cucumber, peeled and chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 small head iceberg lettuce, chopped into bitesized pieces, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 green pepper, seeded and chopped into bitesized pieces, 2 cups plain wholemilk yogurt, preferably Greekstyle, 1 bunch mint leaves, finely chopped, 14 to 12 teaspoon dark sesame oil, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Salt and pepper], title: Falafel Sandwiches with Sesame Mint Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: fNtr6Qv3yAtcXO7MgSDfF7pKN0Z1rbe}, 39117: {instructions: Syrup:nCombine ingredients in a microwavesafe container, and cook on high heat 1 minute. Stir and cook 1 more minute. Let cool to room temperature, then refrigerate until cold.nBaklava:nPut oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place almonds in a food processor and process with sugar, cinnamon, allspice and salt until almonds are roughly ground.nGenerously brush a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish with melted butter. Halve phyllo sheets crosswise and stack sheets. Keep stack covered with 2 overlapping sheets of plastic wrap and then a dampened clean kitchen towel. Lay 2 sheets of phyllo in bottom of baking dish and brush top sheet generously with butter. Add a couple of tablespoons of almond mixture. Continue to layer 2 sheets at a time, staggering sheets in each double layer slightly to cover bottom of dish, brushing every second sheet generously with butter and add 1 cup of the almond mixture, until 10 sheets of phyllo have been used, total. Brush top layer of phyllo with butter. Let baklava stand at room temperature to harden slightly, about 10 to 15 minutes.nUsing a sharp knife, cut baklava into 6 equal squares, then cut each piece in half diagonally to make 12 triangles. Be sure to cut all the way through.nBake baklava until golden, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Transfer dish to a rack to cool, then slowly pour cold syrup around edges of hot baklava, in between all cuts, and over top. Let stand at room temperature at least 8 hours. Cover when baklava is at room temperature. Do not chill.nBaklava keeps in an airtight container up to 1 week., ingredients: [23 cup honey, 13 cup premium orange juice, 13 cup water, 3 cups whole natural almonds, roasted, 1 34 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon allspice, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 1pound package phyllo dough, thawed for 15 to 30 minutes if frozen], title: Almond Baklava, picturelink: null}, 39118: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat. Season the pork with salt and pepper and sear on all sides until golden brown. Transfer the pot to the oven and roast until the pork reaches an internal temperature of 125 degrees F, about 1 hour. Brush the pork liberally with the Molasses Glaze and continue roasting until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F. Remove the roast to a platter, brush with more of the glaze and let rest 15 minutes.nRemove all but 2 tablespoons of the fat from the pan and place on top of the stove over medium heat. Add the onions, carrots, celery, and garlic and cook until soft, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the wine, increase the heat to high, and cook until reduced by half. Add the stock and the herbs, and bring to a boil, cook until reduced by 13. Reduce the heat to low and let the broth simmer.nDrop the dumplings into the broth, cover, and simmer until they are puffed and cooked through, about 12 to 5 minutes.nCombine ingredients in a small bowl.nCombine the flour, baking powder, salt, black pepper, parsley, and thyme in a medium mixing bowl. Using your fingers, cut the shortening into the flour mixture until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the milk, stirring just until the mixture is moistened. Gather the dough into a ball, knead it a few times, and cut into 12 equal pieces., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 3 to 4 pound pork loin roast, bone in, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Molasses Glaze, recipe follows, 1 Spanish onion, finely diced, 1 large carrot, finely diced, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 6 cups chicken stock, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 sprigs parsley, Black Pepper Dumplings, recipe follows, Chopped parsley, for garnish, 1 12 cups molasses, 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, Salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons very cold solid vegetable shortening, 13 cup milk], title: Molasses Glazed Pork Roast with Black Pepper Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 39119: {instructions: Place 1 diced ripe beefsteak tomato about 10 ounces and 3 sprigs basil lightly crushed in a pitcher. For still infused water, add 2 quarts of water. For sparkling water, add 1 quart of seltzer during prep and a second quart just before serving. Refrigerate 2 to 4 hours to allow the ingredients to infuse. Stir well and strain, discarding the solids. For serving, add diced tomato and basil sprigs for garnish and plenty of ice. The infused water will keep refrigerated for up to 2 days., ingredients: [], title: TomatoBasil Water, picturelink: nBMbenbBNas0nzVWoPHOOrbMAlcLvK}, 39120: {instructions: 1. In 12inch nonstick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat until hot. Cook beef in oil 6 to 8 minutes, stirring frequently, until no longer pink. Remove beef from skillet drain. Wipe out skillet with paper towel. In same skillet, heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil over medium heat. Add onion and garlic to skillet cook 3 to 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until onion is almost tender.n2. Stir in cooking sauce, Worcestershire sauce, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Heat to boiling, stirring occasionally. Simmer uncovered 6 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened.n3. Stir in sour cream until well blended stir in beef. Heat just until hot. Serve over noodles.nPartially frozen meats are easy to slice freeze sirloin 30 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [2 lb boneless beef top sirloin steak, cut into 2x14inch strips, 1 cup chopped onion 1 large, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 can 18 oz Progressou2122 Recipe Startersu2122 creamy portabella mushroom cooking sauce, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 34 cup sour cream, Hot cooked noodles, if desired], title: Easy Weeknight Beef Stroganoff, picturelink: rca4Jg7a8xZcaseS70j2fRk6gEqlMW}, 39121: {instructions: Toss together the lemon juice, apple pie spice, apples and 13 cup of the sugar in a medium bowl.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter over high heat in a medium skillet. Add the apple mixture and stir to coat with the butter. Lower the heat to medium, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the apples are tender and translucent, about 20 minutes if the mixture becomes too dry and begins to brown before that, add 14 cup water and continue to cook.nMix the cornstarch with 1 teaspoon water in a small bowl and pour into the apple mixture. Bring the mixture to a boil to activate the starch and cook until the thick and bubbly, about 1 minute more. Transfer to a bowl and reserve.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt together in a bowl. In another bowl, whip the remaining 12 tablespoons butter and 23 cup sugar with a handheld mixer until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the egg until just combined, then mix in the vanilla. Slowly beat in the dry ingredients in 2 additions, mixing just until incorporated.nScoop 1 tablespoon of the dough for each cookie and roll into a ball. Place about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets and press down into flat discs about 14 inch thick. Bake the cookies until just set on top but still pale, about 15 minutes. Cool the cookies on the baking sheets.nWhen the cookies are cool, flip them over. On half of the cookies, spread each with 1 teaspoon apple filling. On the other half of the cookies, spread each with 1 tablespoon vanilla ice cream. Sandwich each apple fillingtopped cookie with an ice creamtopped cookie and press together gently.nServe immediately or store in the freezer for up to 3 months. Let soften 5 minutes before serving from frozen., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice from 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon apple pie spice, 2 Golden Delicious, Gala or Fuji apples about 1 pound, peeled, cored and cut into 14inch dice, 1 cup sugar, 14 tablespoons 1 34 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 large egg, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, slightly softened], title: Apple Pie a la Mode Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: null}, 39122: {instructions: In a blender, or food processor, add the herbs and garlic, and while the machine is running, drizzle in 12 olive oil, the vegetable stock, and then the rest of the oil. Add salt, pepper and lemon, blend and taste and adjust seasoning. Toss with cooked pasta while still warm, fold in nuts and cheese. Garnish with fresh herb sprigs. TIP:nHERBED SAUCE FOR EVERYTHINGnYOGURT HERBED CHEESEn1 quart yogurt placed in a cheesecloth lined sieve and drained overnight. Mix in 12 cup of your favorite chopped herbs, ingredients: [1 pound farfalle, cooked according to package directions, 3 cups of basil leaves, clean, 2 cups of flat leaf parsley, picked and cleaned, 2 cups fresh mint sprigs, cleaned, 2 cloves of garlic, minced, 34 extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup vegetable stock, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon fresh pepper, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 cup chopped toasted walnuts, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Farfalle with Herb Sauce and Walnuts, picturelink: null}, 39123: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water season with salt. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the ground meat, panko, egg, onion, thyme, Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a bowl mix with your hands. Form into four 12inchthick oval patties.nHeat 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the patties cook until browned, 3 minutes per side. Scatter the carrots and celery around the patties cook until they start softening, 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium. Add the broth, cover and simmer until the patties are cooked through, 5 minutes. Remove the patties and increase the heat to high. Cook until the broth is slightly reduced, 2 minutes, then add 1 tablespoon butter and swirl until melted.nDrain the potatoes mash with the halfandhalf, the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve with the patties and vegetables.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 12 pounds Yukon gold or red potatoes, cut into 1inch chunks, Kosher salt, 1 14 pounds meatloaf mix, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, 12 onion, grated, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups baby carrots, halved lengthwise, 3 stalks celery, sliced, 1 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons halfandhalf], title: Salisbury Meatloaf and Potatoes, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 39124: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the salt and all the herbs into a food processor and process until the salt is pure green. Set aside.nPlace the turkey breasts on a wire rack above a sheet pan and place in the refrigerator to dry for 3 hours. Take out and rub the salt all over the turkey breasts. Return to the refrigerator for another 2 hours. Take out and rinse all the salt off in cold running water. Place back on a clean rack on a sheet pan and let sit overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nTake the turkey out and place, skin side up, in a deep hotel pan. Cover the turkey completely in the duck fat. Roast in the oven for 3 hours. When it comes out, let it sit for 1 hour to cool off. Serve., ingredients: [3 cups salt, 1 bunch fresh parsley, 1 bunch fresh tarragon, 1 bunch fresh sage, 1 bunch fresh chives, 2 whole turkey breasts, about 12 pounds, 1 gallon duck fat], title: Turkey Confit, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 39125: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nToss the cauliflower florets with 1 tablespoon of the grapeseed oil and some salt and pepper. Transfer to a baking sheet and roast until tender and browned, 5 minutes. Set aside.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil in a pan. Add the shrimp and garlic. Then add the chile flakes, capers, chicken stock, parsley and lemon juice. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes to cook the shrimp and build the sauce. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter to emulsify the sauce.nAdd the cauliflower to the shrimp., ingredients: [1 cup cauliflower florets, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Salt and pepper, 6 jumbo shrimp 1620 count, tailon, peeled and deveined, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, Pinch chile flakes, 1 teaspoon capers, with brine, 1 ounce chicken stock, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Shrimp Scampi, picturelink: Uqx4krcDBrsqoFGECb7b6y3JplXbKfa}, 39126: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray 12 6ounce ramekins with cooking spray. Divide the ramekins among 2 baking sheets and set aside.nCook sweet potatoes in the microwave according to package directions. Empty into a large mixing bowl, add butter and beat with a hand mixer until smooth. Mix the remaining ingredients except marshmallow topping and beat until well incorporated. Pour into prepared ramekins and bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and top each souffle with a dollop of marshmallow topping. Brown the topping with a torch or place under the broiler until lightly browned., ingredients: [2 24ounce bags steam and mash sweet potatoes recommended: OreIda, 12 cup butter 1 stick, softened, 1 cup evaporated milk, 3 eggs, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 pinch salt, 2 cups marshmallow topping], title: Sweet Potato Souffles, picturelink: HMKZTRz6WgucKLVPTvElHfM1xLcELe}, 39127: {instructions: In a saucepan combine water, ginger, and crushed spices. Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer about 5 minutes until liquid is reduced by half. Add milk and honey and whisk mixture over medium heat until milk is warmed through but not quite boiling. Strain into 2 mugs serve warm., ingredients: [34 cup water, 8 thin slices fresh ginger, 20 black peppercorns, crushed, 8 whole cloves, crushed, 4 whole cardamom pods, crushed, 2 cups milk, 4 teaspoons honey], title: Indian Love Potion, picturelink: null}, 39128: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 by 3inch round springform pannCoarsely chop the dates in a food processor. Transfer to a 32ounce jar. Add the brandy, pistachios and ginger. Seal, and then shake until well combined. Store the mixture in a cool, dry place away from direct sunlight for 3 days, shaking once a day. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Spray an 8 by 3inch round springform pan with cooking spray and line the bottom and sides with wax paper. Have the wax paper go a little taller than the sides of the pan.nIn a small bowl, sift together the flour, cardamom and coriander if using, and reserve. In a stand mixer, or using a hand mixer, beat the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Gradually whisk in the eggs, one at a time, beating in between additions, until combined. Add the molasses, vanilla extract, salt and brandied fruit mixture, and gently beat until well combined. Add the sifted flour mixture, a little at a time. When it is all mixed in, beat at high speed for about 10 seconds. Pour into the prepared springform pan.nPlace a metal brownie pan on the floor of your oven. Fill with water this will keep your cake moist. Pop the cake into the middle of your oven, and cook for 3 to 3 14 hours, turning once halfway through. Youll know the cake is cooked when a skewer pushed into the center of the cake, all the way to the bottom, comes out clean.nRemove from the oven, and allow to rest in the pan on a cooling rack. Once completely cool, remove the cake from the pan, but keep covered in the wax paper to keep moist.nTo serve: Make a snowflake out of a piece of paper like you did in primary school you can also use a doily for this. Place it gently on top of the cake. Spoon a little powdered sugar in a strainer and dust the surface of the cake. Remove the paper to reveal a powdered sugar snowflake. You can serve with a dollop of whipped cream and minced pistachios too if you like., ingredients: [1 pound pitted dates about 30 dates, 1 cup brandy, 12 cup whole unsalted pistachios, shelled, 14 cup chopped crystallized ginger, Cooking spray, 1 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground cardamom, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, optional, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup fine sugar, 3 eggs, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons molasses, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, Powdered sugar, for serving, Whipped cream, optional for serving, Minced pistachios, optional for serving], title: Date, Pistachio and Cardamom Cake, picturelink: null}, 39129: {instructions: Melt butter in the pressure cooker without top. Add peppers, onion, garlic and saute until translucent. Add 3 cups of stock, kidney beans and remainder of ingredients. Pressure cook according to manufacturers directions. Cook rice separately, according to package directions. Serve beans on hot, cooked rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup green pepper, chopped, 1 cup onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons garlic, minced, 3 cups rich stock  chicken, turkey or vegetable, depending on what you like, 4 cups kidney beans, 4 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon thyme, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon black pepper, freshly ground, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 14 pound smoked turkey, ham or turkey kielbasa], title: Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: null}, 39130: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Move the oven rack to the bottom third of the oven.nDivide the dough in half and set one half aside cover it with a towel or plastic wrap to keep it from drying out. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough to a 10inch round. Loosely drape the dough round over the rolling pin and transfer to a 9inch pie pan. Press the dough over the bottom and sides of the pan. Trim the edges to about 12inch.nToss the fruit with the sugar, lemon, and cornstarch. Pile the fruit into the pie shell and dot with the butter. Roll out the reserved dough to a 9 to 10inch round and lay it over the fruit. Trim, and crimp the edges. Cut 2 or 3 2inch vents in the top of the pie and brush with the egg glaze. Put the pie on a baking sheet and bake until the crust is golden brown and the juices are bubbling up through the vents, 50 to 60 minutes. Cover the edges with aluminum foil if they brown too fast. Cool on a rack before serving. Serve with vanilla ice cream.nCombine the flour, sugar, salt, and lemon zest in a large mixing bowl. Add the butter and mix with a pastry blender or your fingers until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the egg yolk and ice water and work that in with your hands. Or do the whole thing in a food processor, pulsing a couple of times to combine the dry ingredients, then pulsing in the butter, and then the egg. Check the consistency of the dough by squeezing a small amount together between thumb and forefingers: You want there to be just enough moisture to bind the dough so that it holds together without being too wet or sticky. If its still crumbly, add a little more ice water, 1 teaspoon at a time. When you get it to the right consistency, shape the dough into a disk and wrap it in plastic. Put it in the refrigerator and chill for at least 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 recipe Basic Pastry Pastry, chilled 30 minutes, recipe follows, Flour, for rolling, 2 pounds peaches, pitted and sliced, 1 pint blueberries, 14 cup sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into bits, 1 egg, beaten with a drizzle of water, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 lemon, zested and finely grated, 34 cup 1 12 sticks cold, unsalted butter, cut into small chunks, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons ice water, plus more if needed], title: PeachBlueberry Pie, picturelink: 276RlrgmcW1bm9AH9f2ZC4yKYtPahm}, 39131: {instructions: Heat a large highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken breasts on both sides with salt and pepper. Add the olive oil to the skillet, and once hot, add the chicken breasts. Cook until nice and golden brown, about 6 minutes per side. Remove the chicken to a plate and reserve.nReduce the heat to medium, add the onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic is soft and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Pour in the chicken broth and wine and stir with a wooden spoon to scrap up any browned bits that may have formed on the bottom of the pan. Add the tomatoes and beans and bring the mixture to a simmer.nReturn the chicken to the skillet and nestle into the tomatoes and beans. Increase the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the chicken is fully cooked and the tomato and beans are nice and saucy, about 15 minutes more. Serve the chicken over the white beans and tomatoes and sprinkle with the parsley., ingredients: [Four 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium sweet onion, such as Vidalia, chopped, 1 medium red bell pepper, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 34 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, One 15ounce can white beans, rinsed and drained, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: OnePot Pan Seared Chicken Breasts with Cherry Tomatoes and White Beans, picturelink: null}, 39132: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the beets in a pan and roast in the oven until very soft, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside until cool enough to handle. Cut beets into 1inch long batonets, or a thick julienne.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, combine the marmalade and coconut milk. Cook until reduced by half, it should be thick enough to coat a spoon. Finish the sauce by whisking in the butter, salt, and cayenne pepper. Set aside and keep warm.nIn a saute pan, over high heat, add the olive oil, garlic, and thyme and heat. Add the scallops to the oil and pan sear until golden brown on both sides.nPlace the beets on a plate and place 4 scallops on top. Cover the scallops with a thin, even layer of the sauce., ingredients: [4 baby red beets, tops removed and washed, 4 tablespoons clementine marmalade regular orange marmalade can be substituted, 4 tablespoons coconut milk, 4 tablespoons butter, Salt, Cayenne pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 4 sprigs thyme, 16 scallops], title: Sauteed Scallops with Clementine Sauce and Toasted Beets, picturelink: null}, 39133: {instructions: For the mango sauce: Combine the onions, pepper flakes, garlic, celery, mango, habanero pepper and 1 cup water in a blender and puree. Pour the mixture into a large saucepan and add the sugar, salt and lemon juice. Simmer for 10 minutes.nFor the sliders: Brush the chicken with 14 cup of the mango sauce and sprinkle with the salt and black pepper. Let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking oil.nPlace the chicken on the prepared baking sheet and discard the used marinade. Bake until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees F, measured with a meat thermometer, 35 to 40 minutes.nPour the chicken stock into a clean bowl. When the chicken is cool enough to handle, remove the skin, and then remove the meat from the bones and shred into the chicken stock you should end up with about 1 12 pounds of shredded chicken. Add 14 cup more of the mango sauce and toss the shredded chicken until well coated. Reserve any remaining mango sauce for another use.nPlace one slice each of tomato and lettuce on the slider buns. Top each with 2 ounces of chicken and 1 tablespoon blue cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dehydrated onions, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 6 cloves garlic, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 ripe medium mango, roughly chopped keep skin on, 14 habanero pepper, seeded, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, Juice of 1 lemon, Nonstick cooking oil spray, for greasing, 3 large split chicken breasts, bonein, skinon about 2 12 pounds, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons chicken stock low sodium or homemade, 12 slider buns, 12 slices tomato, 12 lettuce leaves, 34 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Bobbys Buffalo Chicken Sliders, picturelink: null}, 39134: {instructions: For the pasta dough:nIn a small saucepan, bring water to a boil. Create a pile of flour and make a well in the center. Pour boiling water into the well. Using a fork, gradually combine the flour and water, proceeding to knead for about 5 minutes. Let dough rest while preparing stuffing.nIn a medium sized mixing bowl, combine the ricotta, Parmesan, eggs, and marjoram.nUsing a rolling pin, roll out the pasta dough until very thin. Cut in half, yielding 2 large pieces of pasta dough. Set 1 piece of rolled pasta to the side. Place the ravioli filling throughout the sheet, each piece of ravioli should measure one inch apart. Cover with reserved pasta dough, press edges together with a fork, and cut each ravioli. In a large saucepan, bring salted water to a boil. Add ravioli and cook ravioli will float when done.nFor the sauce:nIn a medium saucepan, saute garlic in olive oil until golden brown. Add the tomatoes and cook for 20 minutes. Once cooked, add the basil, butter and salt. Stir until ingredients are combined., ingredients: [1 14 cups water, for pasta dough, 2 pounds allpurpose flour, 2 pounds ricotta, 5 ounces Parmesan, 2 whole eggs, 2 ounces marjoram leaves, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 ounces canned peeled tomatoes, 3 tablespoons chopped basil leaves, 1ounce butter], title: Ravioli Alla Caprese, picturelink: qNn2PoHAgHHNsuOvs4q8i1Qu4SLbGHq}, 39135: {instructions: Brush the fish with olive oil, season with salt and pepper and grill for 2 minutes on each side. Remove and cover.nHeat olive oil in a noncorrosive saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add wine and reduce. Add tomatoes, green olives, capers and pepper, sugar and bay leaf and bring to a boil and cook until thickened. Reduce heat, add grilled fish and cook for 2 minutes., ingredients: [4 snapper fillets, 6 ounces each 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, finely sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 large tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup green olives, pitted and chopped, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 serrano pepper, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 bay leaf], title: Grilled Snapper Vera Cruz, picturelink: cU1E3fjCsrQJFNFNMnyzUaJJ2Ot4SGC}, 39136: {instructions: Heat oil in a large saute pan and brown frogs legs, then remove to a utility platter or dish. In same pan, brown onions, then add tomato paste, chicken broth, parsley, thyme, chives, bay leaves, jerk seasoning, wine, and salt and pepper. Simmer for 20 minutes. Add frogs legs back to sauce, and serve., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable oil, 2 pounds frogs legs, cleaned and skinned, 3 large onions, diced, 23 cup approximately 10 ounces tomato paste, 1 quart chicken broth, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 bay leaves, 3 tablespoons Irvine Spices Caribbean Jerk Seasoning, 2 cups white wine, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Seared Frogs Legs Casserole, picturelink: null}, 39137: {instructions: TOSS spinach with apples, celery and pecans in large bowl.nADD dressing mix lightly., ingredients: [4 cups baby spinach leaves, 2 apples, sliced, 14 cup chopped celery, 14 cup toasted PLANTERS Pecans, chopped, 14 cup KRAFT Light House Italian Dressing], title: AppleSpinach Salad, picturelink: 9qGYvyx3rhwyI94U6gNoZy23XAiXg0a}, 39138: {instructions: Heat the oil in a sauce pot over medium heat. Saute the carrots, celery and onions, followed by the garlic. Cook to lightly caramelize the vegetables. Add the chile flakes and cook for 30 seconds. Deglaze with the wine and cook out the alcohol for about 1 minute.nAdd the potatoes, tomatoes and tomato paste. Stir and cook for about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the oregano and basil, and season with salt and pepper.nTransfer to a blender and blend to desired consistency. Return the sauce to the sauce pot and swirl in the butter to level out the acidity of the sauce., ingredients: [4 ounces grapeseed oil, 1 cup medium dice carrots, 1 cup medium dice celery, 1 cup medium dice onions, 6 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, 12 cup white wine, 1 large potato, peeled, cut into mediumsize pieces and blanched, 4 cups crushed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, 5 fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Marinara Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39139: {instructions: For the BBQ Sauce: In a pot set over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Add the onions and cook to sweat. Add the chipotles, chili powder and garlic powder, and saute for 2 minutes. Add the ketchup, molasses, mustard, Worcestershire and vinegar, and bring the sauce to a simmer. Cook the sauce at a simmer for 30 minutes.nPuree the sauce in a blender and add the salt and pepper.nFor the mayo: Combine the egg, egg yolk, lemon juice, Sriracha, garlic and mustard in a container and puree with a stick blender. With the blender running, slowly add the oil to the mixture to emulsify the mayonnaise and add the salt and pepper.nFor the coleslaw: In a bowl combine the cabbage, carrots and scallions. In a separate bowl whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, honey and vinegar. Combine the dressing with the cabbage mixture, and mix well. Allow the slaw to sit for 30 minutes to let the flavors meld.nFor the eggs: Preheat the oil in a deep fryer to 350 to 375 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the pulled pork, egg yolks and 1 cup of the prepared BBQ sauce. Pulse the mixture until combined.nDivide the mixture into 6 portions. Dip your hands in water and pat out one of the portions flat. Place a poached egg in the center and wrap the pulled pork around the egg. Repeat for the remaining eggs.nFor the breading: Whisk together the eggs and milk. Coat the wrapped eggs in egg wash then dip in the breadcrumbs. Repeat the process, dip each wrapped egg in the egg wash and then the breadcrumbs again.nDeepfry the eggs until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes.nTo plate, place 2 tablespoons of the BBQ sauce on one side of the plate, and with the tip of the spoon quickly drag the center of the sauce to the other side of the plate.nPlace a 12 cup of the coleslaw in the middle of the plate, creating a nest in the center of the slaw. Place a fried egg in the coleslaw nest. Drizzle the Sriracha mayo over the top of the Dino Egg. Repeat for the remaining eggs and plates. Garnish with some scallions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup diced onion, 1 tablespoon chopped chipotles in adobo sauce, 2 teaspoons dark chili powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 cups ketchup, 13 cup molasses, 3 tablespoons yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 egg yolk, 1 whole egg, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Sriracha, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 14 cup vegetable oil, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound cabbage, shredded, 12 cup shredded carrots, 14 cup chopped scallions, plus more to garnish, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, Oil, for frying, 8 ounces pulled pork, 2 egg yolks, 6 softboiled or poached eggs, 4 eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs], title: Dino Egg, picturelink: null}, 39140: {instructions: In a bowl stir together vinegar and sugar until sugar is dissolved. Chop ginger. Slice enough cucumber crosswise into 18inch thick slices to measure 1 12 cups and add to vinegar with ginger, tossing well. Marinate at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours.nPrepare grill or preheat grill pan.nMince garlic. In a blender tear bread slices and grind into fine crumbs. In a bowl with your hands mix garlic with bread crumbs and remaining burger ingredients until just combined do not overmix and form into four 1inch thick patties. Season burgers with salt and pepper and grill on a lightly oiled rack set 5 to 6inches over glowing coals about 5 minutes on each side, or until just cooked through. Transfer burgers to buns and top with drained cucumbers., ingredients: [13 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup pickled ginger, 1 English cucumber, 1 large garlic clove, 2 slices firm white sandwich bread, 1 pound ground turkey, 2 scallions, minced, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro sprigs, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 4 hamburger buns], title: Southeast Asian Style Turkey Burgers with Pickled Cucumbers, picturelink: null}, 39141: {instructions: Special equipment: an electric crepe plate or a crepe pannFor the crepe batter: In stand mixer, mix the eggs, milk, salt and 1 cup water until frothy. Add the flour mix until thoroughly incorporated and free of lumps. Scrape the sides of the bowl and then add the melted butter mix for 30 seconds. Let stand for 12 hours or overnight to allow the gluten to relax.nFor the apple filling: Heat a pot over medium heat. Add the butter and sugar. Once the butter has melted, add the sliced apples and cook until soft, 7 to 9 minutes. Stir in the cinnamon, vanilla and lemon juice. Set aside to cool.nFor the caramel sauce: Heat a small saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the sugar and the vanilla bean cook, stirring continuously, until the sugar liquefies and turns reddish brown. Add the butter, stirring until fully incorporated, 2 minutes. Slowly drizzle in the cream boil for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and add the salt. Set aside to cool before using the sauce will thicken upon cooling.nAssembly: Preheat a crepe plate to 200 degrees F or heat a crepe pan over low heat. Spin 12 cup of the batter on the crepe plate. Cook for 1 minute. Flip, and add 34 cup of the apple filling to the crepe. Cook for 2 minutes, then fold the crepe over into a half moon. Cook for another 2 minutes and then fold into thirds. Drizzle some caramel sauce over the crepe and serve. Repeat with the remaining batter., ingredients: [Crepe Batter:, 4 eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons salted butter, melted, Apple Filling:, 4 tablespoons salted butter, 12 cup sugar, 6 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 lemon, juiced, Caramel Sauce:, 1 cup sugar, 12 vanilla bean, 8 tablespoons salted butter, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon salt], title: The William Tell Crepe, picturelink: 7M9wriv4.9GUqqB7ibmr5kJ3YHGZuS}, 39142: {instructions: 1. Line baking sheet with foil. Set aside.n2. Spread ice cream topping on top of Kelloggsu00ae PopTartsu00ae Brown Sugar Cinnamon Unfrosted toaster pastries. Place on prepared baking sheet.n3. Sprinkle chocolate morsels and pecans on toaster pastries. Sprinkle coconut over tops. Bake at 350u00b0F about 7 minutes or until topping is bubbly. Carefully transfer to cooling rack. Cool at least 20 minutes.n4. Cut each toaster pastry into thirds., ingredients: [8 KELLOGGSu00ae POPTARTSu00ae Brown Sugar Cinnamon Unfrosted toaster pastries, 13 cup caramel ice cream topping, 34 cup semisweet chocolate morsels, 2 tablespoons finely chopped pecans, 12 cup flaked coconut], title: Gooey Caramel Coconut Bars, picturelink: QCTZBYoBX3Wmcx5JlSEWsJuxED1bM2}, 39143: {instructions: Preheat grill or grill pan to high.nTo butterfly the flank steak, start with the meat grain running up and down in front of you. With your knife, begin cutting the meat in half. Essentially, you want a thinner, larger flank steak. Continue cutting the flank steak in half until you reach about 1 inch from completely cutting through. Lay the cut flank steak open and even out the middle so there is not a thicker piece in the center. Or just ask the butchernSpread the flank steak out so that the grain is running left to right. Begin layering the flank steak with salt and pepper, the Asiago, then the spinach, the Gorgonzola and scallions. Begin rolling the flank steak tightly and away from you. Evenly insert the skewers 1 to 2 inches along the seam of the pinwheel to hold it together on the grill. Cut in between each skewer but not against the skewer you want the same amount of meat on either side of each skewer. Grill the pinwheels on each side for about 3 to 4 minutes or until your desired doneness., ingredients: [1 large flank steak, butterflied along the grain, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces Asiago, shredded, 8 ounces curly loose spinach leaves, washed, patted dry, stems removed, 6 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled, 4 scallions, left whole, 8 to 10 wooden skewers, soaked in water], title: Flank Steak Pinwheels, picturelink: MGnj7uLwc1dMVh6mV6aIri6MsUNt0a}, 39144: {instructions: For the mashed potatoes: Put the potatoes in a large pot with 2 gallons of cold water. Bring the water and potatoes to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender. Strain the potatoes and allow them to rest in the strainer over the sink for 5 to 10 minutes so they steam and dry out a bit. While the potatoes are draining combine the cream and butter in the pot and bring to a boil, melting the butter.nPut the potatoes back into the pot with the cream and the butter and whip with an electric hand mixer until the potatoes are smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Keep warm. If the potatoes cool off, heat them in a pan with the additional 14 cup cream and 2 tablespoons butter just before plating.nFor the vegetables: Prepare a large bowl of ice water for shocking the vegetables after blanching. Bring 2 gallons of water to a rolling boil and add the salt.nAdd half of the green beans to the boiling water and cook until tender but not overcooked, about 3 minutes. Transfer the beans to the ice bath using a hand strainer. Allow the water to come back up to a rolling boil and repeat the process with the remainder of the green beans and then the carrots.nFor the trout: Line a baking sheet with paper towels. Heat a large skillet over high heat until smoking hot and reduce the heat to mediumhigh. Season the trout with salt and pepper, then dredge the skin side of the trout in the flour. Coat the skillet with grape seed oil.nPlace the trout in the skillet skinside down and sear until the skin is golden brown and the flesh begins to turn opaque. Gently flip the filets over and finish cooking for an additional 2 minutes. Transfer the trout to the prepared baking sheet and allow the cooked trout to rest for 5 minutes.nFor the sauce: Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until they just begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to smoke. Add the grape seed oil to the pan and then add the shallots and capers. Saute for 2 minutes.nAdd the lemon juice and bring to a boil cook until reduced by half. Take the pan off the heat and add the butter a little at a time, swirling the pan to emulsify the butter into the lemon juice. Season the sauce to taste with salt and pepper be careful with the salt because the capers can be very salty already. Stir in the chopped parsley.nFor plating: In a large saute pan over high heat add the carrots and green beans and enough water to create a thin layer in the pan. Allow the water to boil and once the beans and carrots are hot, season them with salt and pepper.nPlace a scoop of the mashed potatoes in the center of each of 6 plates. Arrange two filets of trout on top, fleshside up. Arrange the carrots and green beans leaning on the trout to one side.nSpoon 2 ounces of sauce onto each plate and sprinkle the toasted almond slices over the top of the fish. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds russet potato, skin left on, cut into 14inch sticks, 1 cup heavy cream, plus an additional 14 cup for reheating if necessary, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus an additional 2 tablespoons for reheating if necessary, Salt and white pepper, 14 cup salt, 2 pounds green beans, ends trimmed, 2 pounds carrots, peeled and cut into 14inch sticks, 12 trout filets, deboned, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup grape seed oil, 14 cup sliced almonds, 2 tablespoons grape seed oil, 14 cup minced shallots, 12 cup capers, 1 cup lemon juice, 12 pound unsalted butter, cut into cubes, Salt and black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Trout with Caper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39145: {instructions: Make the sauce: Pour the olive oil into a large pot, add the pancetta and cook over mediumhigh heat until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the onion, season generously with salt and cook until soft but not browned, 6 to 7 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook 2 to 3 minutes, stirring.nPass the tomatoes through a food mill or puree in a food processor and add to the pot. Fill one of the empty tomato cans with about 2 12 cups water, add to the pot and season generously with salt. Simmer 2 to 3 hours, stirring occasionally. Taste frequently and season with salt as the sauce simmerstomatoes take a lot of salt.nMake the lasagna: Preheat the oven to 375. Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil the water should taste like the ocean. Add the lasagna noodles and cook until al dente, about 10 minutes. Fill a bowl with salted ice water. Remove the pasta from the boiling water and transfer to the ice water to stop the cooking.nMix the ricotta, pecorino, 14 cup parmesan, 1 12 cups mozzarella, eggs, thyme and 2 teaspoons salt in a bowl. Drain the pasta and place on a clean towel in a single layer.nCoat the bottom of a 9by13inch baking dish with a ladle or two of sauce. Spread 3 heaping tablespoonfuls of the cheese filling down the center of each lasagna sheet roll up the sheet but not too tightly or the filling might ooze out. Place seamside down in the baking dish, leaving a little room between each roll. Cover with 3 to 4 cups sauce and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup parmesan and 1 12 cups mozzarella.nBake, uncovered, until the lasagna bubbles around the edges and the cheese melts, about 1 hour. Let rest 10 minutes, then serve with extra sauce.nPhotograph by Ngoc Minh Ngo, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup diced pancetta about 2 ounces, 1 large Spanish onion, diced, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 2 28ounce cans San Marzano plum tomatoes, Kosher salt, 1 16ounce box lasagna noodles, 4 cups ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons grated pecorino cheese, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 34 pound mozzarella cheese, shredded about 3 cups, 2 large eggs, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves roughly chopped], title: Lasagna Marinara Rolls, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 39146: {instructions: 1. Combine 2 tablespoons flour and smoked paprika in a large bowl add the beef chunks. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Toss well to coat evenly. Heat a Dutch oven over medium heat, and add the oil. Brown the meat, in batches, taking care not to crowd the pan, turning to sear all sides, about 6 to 8 minutes per batch. Transfer the beef with a slotted spoon to a plate.n3. Add the onion and garlic to the pot and cook, stirring occasionally until just soft, 5 to 7 minutes, adding a few tablespoons water if the pot gets too dark or begins to burn. Add the beer, scraping the browned bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir in the broth, molasses and thyme.n4. Return the beef and any accumulated juices to the pot. Cover and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Simmer until the beef is tender when pierced with the tip of a sharp knife, about 2 to 2 12 hours. Add the potatoes, carrots, and parsnips continue to simmer, uncovered, until the vegetables are tender but not mushy, about 40 minutes more.n5. Stir together the remaining 1 teaspoon flour and melted butter to make a paste. Stir the flour mixture into the stew and simmer until the broth is slightly thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Discard the thyme sprigs and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. If desired, sprinkle with parsley. Transfer stew to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus 1 teaspoon, 12 to 34 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 12 pounds top or bottom round roast, cut into 1 12inch chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 1 large onion, sliced, about 3 cups, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 12ounce bottle beer, brown ale or dark beer recommended: Michelob Amber Bock or Newcastle, 3 cups lowsodium beef broth, 1 tablespoon molasses, Small bunch thyme sprigs, 1 pound baby red skinned potatoes, halved or quartered if large, 3 medium carrots, cut into 1inch pieces about 8 ounces, 2 medium parsnips, cut into 1inch pieces about 8 ounces, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, melted, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, optional], title: Beef Carbonnade with Vegetables: Belgian Beef Stew, picturelink: null}, 39147: {instructions: Combine the lime chunks and sugar in a large pitcher. Using a muddler or large wooden spoon, mash the limes to release the juices. Add the peach chunks and mint and lightly muddle to bruise the mint and break up the peaches stir in the rum. The mixture can be refrigerated up to 6 hours.nJust before serving, pour the peachrum mixture into icefilled glasses and top with seltzer. Garnish with peach wedges., ingredients: [2 limes, cut into chunks, plus wedges for garnish, 12 cup superfine sugar, 1 ripe peach, cut into chunks, plus wedges for garnish, 12 cup packed fresh mint, 16 ounces white rum, Seltzer, for topping], title: Peach Picker, picturelink: ZxrKxCSEfOSCjWDvX5tMGF12mlBrMu}, 39148: {instructions: For a Monday to Friday meal you can steam just one variety of vegetable and serve it before the softshell crabs. For a more elegant meal steam different vegetables for their different colors just until they are al dente pat dry and set aside.nTo make the vinaigrette: In a blender or food processor, puree the red peppers, mustard, garlic, vinegar, olive, hazelnut and vegetable oils. Season to taste with salt and pepper. To serve, ladle some pepper vinaigrette on a plate pose vegetables or vegetables in an attractive pattern over the top., ingredients: [4 cups an assortment of steamed vegetables: each cut into different shapes, either sliced, diced or cut into strips yellow squash, zucchini, broccoli and carrots, 12 cup raw mushrooms, sliced, 12 cup roasted red peppers fresh or from jar, Dijon mustard to taste, 2 parboiled cloves of garlic, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 14 hazelnut oil, 14 cup vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Red Pepper Vinaigrette for Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 39149: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nScore the surface of the ham in a diamond pattern about 18 inch deep. Stud the top of the ham with the cloves, then put it in a roasting pan with a rack, tent it with foil and bake for 1 hour.nHeat the honey, ginger ale, mustard and vinegar in a small saucepan until bubbly. Cook until reduced and a bit thicker, 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove the foil and brush the glaze on the ham. Return it to the oven for 15 minutes. Repeat once more. Remove it from the oven and let it restcool slightly., ingredients: [One 5 to 7pound fully cooked boneless ham portion, 2 tablespoons cloves, 1 cup honey, 1 can ginger ale, 14 cup grainy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar], title: HoneyGlazed Ham, picturelink: H1Ix3Qkp.eU23xhoTOpUHhi7.Pu8ca}, 39150: {instructions: Preheat the oil to 350 degrees F in a large, deep at least 2 quarts pot.nPlace 1 piece of the quartered banana and several small chocolate pieces at the bottom of the wonton wrapper. Sprinkle with sugar and wet the edges with water. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Wrap like a burrito and drop into the oil. Fry until golden brown and place on a plate with paper towels to soak up excess oil until ready to serve.nSprinkle again with sugar. Place on the serving plate with a scoop of ice cream., ingredients: [1 quart peanut oil, for frying, 1 banana, quartered, 4 wonton wrappers, 4 teaspoons semisweet chocolate, chopped into small pieces, 2 tablespoons cane or granulated sugar, 4 ounces caramel ice cream], title: Banana Chocolate Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 39151: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottoms and sides of two 8inch round cake pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper.nTo make the cake: Cream the butter and sugar together in a bowl until soft and fluffy. Add the vanilla and one egg and beat the mixture like mad, then add another egg and beat it well. Add a couple of tablespoons of the flour, stir, then repeat, adding two more eggs, one by one, beating well between each addition. Add the rest of the flour and mix well to combine.nDivide the mixture between the two prepared pans, smoothing out the tops. Bake on the middle shelf for 25 to 30 minutes or until a skewer inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean. The cake will feel springy to the touch, be golden brown and will smell cooked. Remove the cakes from the oven and immediately brush with the sugar syrup, see below. Cool completely in the pans.nMake the sugar syrup: While the cakes are cooking, put the sugar and water into a small pan over mediumlow heat and stir until the sugar is dissolved. Turn up the heat and let the mixture boil for 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside.nMake the buttercream: While the cakes are cooling, put the butter and vanilla into a large bowl and beat well with a wooden spoon until it is light and creamy. Add the powdered sugar a little at a time, beating until the mixture is combined and becomes lighter. Set aside.nTo ice the cakes: When the cakes are completely cool, remove them from the pans. To make icing them easier, put them into the freezer for 20 minutes to get them nice and hard. Put a cardboard cake round, if you have one, onto a plate. Put a small dollop of buttercream onto the round and place one of the cakes on top. Spread the cake with buttercream and place the other cake on top. Now the fun bit: spread lots of the buttercream over the sides and top of the cake spread it quite liberally at first, then smooth it out round the edges and over the top to give a neat first layer. Put it into the refrigerator or use the freezer if you, like me, are a little impatient when it comes to cake, and let it harden. Once it is hard, remove it from the refrigerator or freezer and spread over another layer of buttercream. Try to get it smooth so the edges are really sharp. Put the cake into the refrigerator to set.nMake the graffiti: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Have a measuring cup, a cup of cold water with a spoon and a cup of cold water with a small pastry brush.nPut the sugar into a heavybased medium pot together with the water and liquid glucose over medium heat. Swirl the mixture a little rather than stir it, otherwise the glucose can stick to the spoon. Once the sugar has dissolved, turn up the heat and let it boil away.nIf there is any sugar stuck to the side of the pan, brush it off with the wet pastry brush.nThe sugar needs to be cooked for 10 to 15 minutes, but check it every 5 minutes to see if its ready. To check, take the teaspoon from the cup and dip it into the hot mixture, carefully scooping out a small amount, then put the spoon back into the cup and leave it there for a minute or so to cool down. Pick up the spoon and feel the sugar mixture on the end of the spoon. If it has disappeared, that shows the mixture is in the very early stages of cooking. Let it boil again and test using the same method if the mixture is soft, it is still not ready. It will go through various stages until the hard crack stage: the sugar mixture will be rock hard on the end of the spoon when a bit is scooped out and plunged into water and left there for a minute or two. The mixture in the pan will also start to go a very light brownish color.nOnce the mixture reaches this stage, turn off the heat and add a few drops of food coloring and vanilla. Stir as little as you can so it is just combined and then extremely carefully pour the sugar into the jug. Use oven gloves when handling the pan, as hot sugar can spit and burn you. Leave to cool for a minute or so, then drizzle a long band of graffiti squiggle shapes on the baking parchment. Use a hair dryer to keep the sugar syrup pliable if necessary. The graffiti can be as long as you like, but needs to be at least as high as your cake. Once you are satisfied you have enough bands and it is good to have a few, as they do break, set the jug down and wait for a few moments for the sugar to harden a little.nRemove the cake from the refrigerator. When the graffiti is firm but still pliable, carefully peel off the back for the baking parchment and stick the graffiti around the cake. If you have one long piece that can go around thats great, but small pieces done patchwork style look good too. Once the sides of the cake are covered, you could arrange berries of your choice or chocolate shavings on top., ingredients: [7 ounces butter, softened, plus more for greasing, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, Seeds from 1 vanilla pod or 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 cups selfrising flour, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup water, For the buttercream:, 3 12 sticks or 28 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Seeds from 12 vanilla pod or 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 7 cups powdered sugar, 1 14 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 12 cup liquid glucose, available in specialty baking stores, Food coloring, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Chocolate shavings, optional, Berries, optional], title: Graffiti Cake, picturelink: null}, 39152: {instructions: On a cutting board, smash the garlic cloves, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of the salt, and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Put the garlic, beans, chili powder, water, and olive oil in the bowl of a food processor and blend until smooth. Spread in the bottom of a 2quart casserole or gratin dish, or in individual sized dishes, as desired.nScatter the cheese over the beans. Halve and seed the avocados, then mash with the jalapeno and another teaspoon of salt in a small bowl. Spread a layer of the avocado over the cheese, and then scatter the lettuce on top.nMix the yogurt with the cilantro and then spread over the lettuce. Add a layer of tomatoes and, finally, scatter the scallions on top. Chill until ready to serve. Garnish with a few cilantro sprigs and serve with baked chips., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 15ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups lowfat shredded Cheddar, 2 ripe avocados, preferably Hass, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, finely chopped, with seeds for more heat, 2 cups chopped romaine lettuce, 1 12 cups nonfat yogurt, preferably Greek, 12 cup fresh cilantro, leaves and some stems, roughly chopped, plus more for garnish, 3 ripe medium tomatoes, diced, 5 scallions white and green, thinly sliced, Baked tortilla chips, for dipping], title: Six Layers and a Chip Dip, picturelink: KR1j84jgXu.sbzAnu3llmcG91Rcmzy}, 39153: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nAfter baking the dough, milk chocolate and white chocolate chunks should be sprinkled over the surface. Top with mini marshmallows, banana slices and peanut butter drizzle can also be added.nPlace pizza into oven for 3 to 5 minutes to melt the chocolate and marshmallows.nPreheat oven at 450 degrees F.nMeasure out 1 34 cups warm water it should be pleasantly warm on your wrist. Sprinkle the yeast on top of the water and allow it to activate, about 10 minutes.nPut the salt and 2 cups of the flour into a food processor. Pulse 5 times to blend. Pour in the yeast and water and pulse 5 times. Add the olive oil. Add the remaining flour 1 cup at a time, pulsing and scraping the sides of the bowl until well blended. As soon as the mixture is combined, dump it out onto a wellfloured board and knead for 15 turns, until the dough is smooth and elastic.nPlace the dough in a greased bowl and turn to coat all sides. Cover with plastic wrap or a tea towel. Allow the dough to rise in a warm place for about 45 minutes, until doubled in size, then punch it down. Divide it in half each half will make 1 12inch pizza.nPlace on a cornmealdusted pizza stone, pizza pan, or cookie sheet. Roll up edge slightly to create a ridge around the pizza. Bake for 16 to 18 minutes, or until crust is light brown.nCooks Note: If using only half dough, freeze the other half. Place the dough in a resealable freezer bag. To thaw, remove the bag from the freezer and place in the refrigerator for 24 hours. Roll the dough out while cold then allow it to come to room temperature before adding toppings.nYield: 2 12inch pizzasnPrep Time: 40 minutesnCook Time: 16 to 18 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 55 minutesnDifficulty: IntermediatenRecipe courtesy Paula Deen, 2008 ., ingredients: [12 recipe Basic Pizza Dough, recipe follows, Milk chocolate chunks, for topping, White chocolate chunks, for topping, Mini marshmallows, for topping, Banana slices, for topping, Peanut butter, for topping, Chocolate covered candies, for topping recommended: MMs, 1 34 cup warm water, 1 14ounce package active dry yeast recommended: RapidRise, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 12 to 5 cups bread flour, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for bowl, Cornmeal, for pan], title: We Need to Talk Chocolate Pizza, picturelink: kxApkFI1BtPsDtCNLNKQtYEVnTCya}, 39154: {instructions: Cook the bacon over medium heat in a large nonstick skillet until crispy. Transfer the bacon to a paper towel lined plate. Wipe the skillet with paper towels or a clean tea towel. Add the bread slices and toast until golden brown.nPat the salmon dry and season with salt and pepper.nHeat another nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add oil. Once hot, add the salmon and cook about 3 minutes per side.nSpread the Lemon Mayonnaise on 2 pieces of bread. Season the tomato with salt and pepper, to taste. Add some lettuce, tomato, bacon and the cooked salmon fillet to 1 bread slice and cover with the other slice. Cut the sandwich in half on the diagonal and hold in place with a decorative toothpick. Repeat with remaining ingredients and arrange the sandwiches on a serving platter.nMix all the ingredients together in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [6 thick slices bacon, 6 slices country white bread, sliced from loaf, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 5ounce piece salmon, skin removed, Lemon Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 1 beef steak tomato, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Curly leaf lettuce, for garnish, 14 cup mayonnaise, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon lemon zest], title: Salmon BLT, picturelink: null}, 39155: {instructions: First, make the sauce which can be done a day in advance of the final preparation. Combine all the sauce ingredients in a nonmetallic bowl and mix well. It does not matter in which order the ingredients are combined. Cover and refrigerate until time to use.nNext, make the filling. Combine all the ingredients in a nonmetallic bowl and mix very well using your hands. Again, it does not matter in which order the filling ingredients are added. Once the filling is made, set it aside.nNow its time to fill the dumplings. Line a large cookie sheet with parchment paper and dust the paper heavily with the cornstarch. Take a gyoza wrapper and put a generous 1 teaspoon, almost 1 tablespoon, dollop of filling in the middle of the gyoza wrapper. Now start pinching in the wrapper all the way around the dumpling to close it up, like a foldpleat  approximately 4 folds. Then give it a little twist around the dumplings waist. Arrange the finished dumplings on the cornstarch coated cookie sheet. When all 40 dumplings are finished, cover and refrigerate for 12 an hour.nFinal cooking steps:nAdd the canola oil to a large 12inch nonstick skillet. Start adding the dumplings to the pan and turn the heat to mediumhigh. Brown the bottom of the dumplings, about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, add the sauce, cover the pan and steam for 2 minutes. After 2 minutes, uncover the pan and turn over all the dumplings to coat with the sauce. Transfer to a serving dish and enjoy., ingredients: [12 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 12 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon minced Thai basil leaves, 2 green onions, minced, 12 teaspoon Indian curry powder, 14 cup mirin, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 teaspoon chili sauce recommended: Sriracha, 1 tablespoon freshly minced mint leaves, 1 pound ground pork, 1 tablespoon freshly minced cilantro leaves, 1 green onion, minced, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 tablespoon finely minced ginger, 40 round gyoza wrappers, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoons canola oil], title: Daves Party Potstickers, picturelink: srKltxkGJDDMpSNPmQGf05R2CsdFwtK}, 39156: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, garlic and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. Transfer half of the mixture to a large bowl. Add the paprika and carrots to the remaining onion mixture in the skillet and cook 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, chicken broth and chickpeas bring to a rapid simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce thickens slightly, about 6 minutes. Meanwhile, add the ground turkey, parsley, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper to the bowl with the reserved onion mixture and mix with your hands. Form the turkey mixture into 20 meatballs. Place the meatballs in the skillet with the sauce and simmer, turning once, until cooked through, about 7 minutes. Serve with more pepper and parsley.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 cup sliced small carrots, 2 14ounce cans lowsodium diced fireroasted tomatoes, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 14 pounds lean ground turkey, 34 cup loosely packed fresh parsley about 1 bunch, chopped, plus more for topping, Freshly ground pepper], title: Spanish Turkey Meatball Stew, picturelink: Xcn8yLboimGV6YBg7y180OvQHKYVAQK}, 39157: {instructions: Clean porcinis with a damp cloth. Remove caps from stems and slice. Trim outer part of stem with paring knife, slice, and set aside.nPeel cipollinis and cut lengthwise. Carmelize in 2 tablespoons clarified butter and set aside.nHeat oil on saute pan. Season scallops with salt and pepper. Sear until carmelized on both sides.nWash baby spinach and dry. Add butter to a small saute pan and melt. Add spinach and cook until wilted.nWash fingerling potatoes and slice thin using a mandolin or knife. Season with salt and pepper. Brown in 2 tablespoons clarified butter.nCombine mushrooms, spinach and potatoes on center of plate. Top with scallops. Place onions around scallops and top it all off with Hot Bacon Vinaigrette.nIn a saucepot, render bacon. Add shallots and sweat. Add vinegar and reduce by 34. Add demiglace and reduce by 12. Melt in whole butter slowly. Strain. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 ounces porcinis, 3 cipollinis, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 ounces diver scallops, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch baby spinach, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 ounces fingerling potatoes, Hot Bacon Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 ounces smoked slab bacon, 14 cup sliced shallots, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 12 ounce demiglace, 14 pound butter, softened, Salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Pan Seared Diver Scallops, picturelink: null}, 39158: {instructions: For the fried chicken: Bring 8 cups water, 1 cup of the salt, the peppercorns, sugar, bay leaves, garlic and onions to a low boil in a large pot. Remove from the heat, add 8 cups crushed ice and stir until cool. Taste to check if it is too salty, adding more water if necessary. Add the chicken to the brine and refrigerate for 6 hours.nFor the creamed corn: Allow yourself a large working surface. Cut the corn kernels off the cobs, moving slowly as they have a tendency to fly everywhere. Using the back of your knife, scrape the cobs to extract the milk into a bowl.nIn medium saute pan, heat the olive oil until almost smoking. Add the onions and cook until lightly caramelized. Add the corn kernels and milk and cook until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat.nIn a blender, pulse half of the corn with the stock to achieve a coarse consistency. Return the mixture to the pan with the remaining corn and heat through, reducing until desired thickness. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a 5quart Dutch oven or similar pot, heat the canola oil over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the flour, the remaining 2 tablespoons salt, the cayenne, celery seeds, paprika and ground black pepper. Pour the buttermilk into another medium mixing bowl.nRemove the chicken from the brine and pat dry. Designate one hand the wet hand and one hand the dry hand. Working one at a time, dredge each breast in the flour mix dry hand, then in the buttermilk wet hand and then back in the flour mix dry hand. Shake off the excess flour and put the chicken on a plate to dry. Repeat with the remaining breasts.nCarefully place the chicken breasts, one by one, into the oil in the Dutch oven and cook for about 5 minutes, moving the pieces occasionally to avoid sticking. Turn over and cook until golden brown and an internal temperature of 180 degrees F, about 10 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to rest for 5 minutes.nFor the quick collard greens: Heat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until caramelized. Add the sherry vinegar and sugar and cook for 1 minute. Deglaze with half of the stock, reducing for 2 minutes. Add the collards in two batches and saute for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the remaining stock and season with salt and pepper.nServe the chicken with the collard greens and corn., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 14 cup black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 fresh bay leaves, 2 cloves garlic, 12 yellow onion, sliced thin, 4 skinon, boneless chicken breasts with drummettes lower part of the wing attached, 8 cups canola oil, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon celery seeds, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups buttermilk, 6 ears fresh corn, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 yellow onion, diced, 2 cups chicken stock, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 bunches collard greens, stemmed and coarsely chopped, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Fried Chicken with Creamed Corn and Quick Collard Greens, picturelink: null}, 39159: {instructions: In a small bowl, stir together the mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons of the parsley, and tarragon. Season with lemon juice, if using, hot sauce, salt, and pepper, to taste.nSpread 1 side of the bread slices with the mayonnaise mixture, arrange the onion slices evenly on half the bread slices, and top them with the remaining bread slices. Press the sandwiches together gently, trim the crusts, and cut the sandwiches into quarters.nPut the remaining 12 cup parsley in a shallow bowl and dip the edges of the sandwich quarters in the parsley., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, plus 12 cup or more, as needed, 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon leaves, Fresh lemon juice, optional, Hot pepper sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 very thin slices white bread, 1 to 2 Vidalia onions available seasonally at specialty produce markets and some supermarkets, sliced very thinly], title: Herbed Vidalia Onion Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 39160: {instructions: In a food processor combine the flour, and 12 teaspoon salt. Pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the butter is finely chopped and the mixture resembles a coarse meal. In a small bowl combine the lemon juice and mascarpone. Add the mascarpone mixture to the food processor and pulse a few times. Add the ice water and run the machine just until the mixture is moist and crumbly, but does not form a ball. Do not over mix. Turn the dough out onto a sheet of plastic wrap. Press into a disk, cover, and refrigerate for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cook the pancetta in a small saute pan over medium heat until golden and crisp, about 4 minutes. Add the herbs and stir. Transfer the pancetta, herbs, and the pan juices to a medium bowl. Add the leftover vegetables, grated cheeses, the remaining 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper. Toss to combine and set aside.nPlace the chilled dough on parchment paper. Roll the dough out into a 12inch wide circle about 14inch thick. Spread the vegetables out in the center of the dough leaving a 2inch border. Sprinkle the vegetable mixture with Parmesan. Fold the border up and over the vegetables forming a crust. Using a pastry brush, brush some of the egg over the crust. Transfer the parchment paper and crostata to a baking sheet. Bake until the crust is golden, about 25 minutes. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, plus 12 teaspoon, 3 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 3 tablespoons ice water, 2 ounces diced pancetta, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme or rosemary, oregano, parsley, or a combination, 1 12 to 2 cups leftover side dish vegetables like sauteed mushrooms and shallots, 12 cup grated cheese try a combo of smoked mozzarella and fontina, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Crostata with Mushrooms and Pancetta, picturelink: elxhQo.wUVKZ1nGjrSQNdUGBvI8Cfe}, 39161: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce:nIn a large saucepan, melt the butter. Add the shallot and garlic cloves and saute, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the bourbon, brown sugar and the honey to heat through, 1 minute. Next add the ancho pepper, chili sauce, barbecue sauce, and wing sauce and cook, stirring occasionally for 2 minutes. Keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the chicken wings:nHeat oil in a deepfryer. As you make the sauce, drop chicken wings, in batches the amount you drop in at 1 time will depend on the size of your fryer into the deepfryer. Fry until golden brown on both sides. Remove the wings from the oil and drain.nAdd the wings to a large mixing bowl and toss in the sauce, coating each wing.nServe blue cheese dressing and 12 shots of bourbon, on the side, for adults to sip., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 large shallot, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 ounces bourbon, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 1 tablespoon ancho pepper, finely chopped, 8 ounces chili sauce, 8 ounces barbecue sauce, 3 ounces wing sauce, Oil, for frying, 50 chicken wings, Blue cheese dressing, for serving, Bourbon, for serving], title: Bourbon Street Buffalo Wings, picturelink: eAaos4kbJNctP5TJBft4NuJ1I6ng1kC}, 39162: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nMix the chili powder, salt, oregano and pepper together in a small bowl. Sprinkle the cubed pork chunks with the spice mixture and put into a large Dutch oven. Add 1 cup of the salsa verde, chicken broth, garlic and onions. Stir together with a wooden spoon. Put the pot on high heat and bring the mixture to a simmer. Transfer to the oven and cook, covered, until the pork is tender and easily shreds, about 1 hour 45 minutes. Once done, shred the pork in the Dutch oven with a pair of tongs or 2 forks.nTurn the oven up to 350 degrees F.nCombine the remaining 2 cups salsa verde and sour cream in a wide, medium bowl. Spread about 12 cup of the mixture on the bottom of a large rectangular casserole dish.nWrap the tortillas up in a damp paper towel and microwave 40 seconds. Lay the warm tortillas out on your cutting board. Dip into the sour creamsalsa mixture and fill evenly with the shredded pork mixture and sprinkle of the cheese. Roll the enchilada up and place seamside down in the baking dish. Pour the remaining sauce over the top and top with the rest of the cheese. Bake 30 minutes. Garnish with cilantro sprigs, if using., ingredients: [2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds boneless pork butt, cut into 3inch chunks, 3 cups salsa verde, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 medium onion, quartered, 1 cup light sour cream, plus more for serving, 10 medium flour tortillas, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, Fresh cilantro, for serving, optional], title: Cheesy Pork Enchiladas, picturelink: XoEXkX0Ag29PU07vl9n1YmqdooRtMoe}, 39163: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large skillet, heat Worcestershire sauce, mushrooms, onions and green peppers. Add Curlys Sauceless Chicken from the tub. Stir and remove from heat. Place ample servings on tasty, sub buns and top with provolone cheese.nPlace subs on a cookie sheet and heat in oven for 57 minutes until cheese melts. Remove from oven and serve with chips and a pickle., ingredients: [1 tub of Curlys Sauceless Chicken, 3 fresh sub buns, 46 slices of provolone cheese, 1 thinlysliced green pepper, 12 cup thinlysliced mushrooms, 12 cup thick sliced onion, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce], title: Chicken Philly Cheese Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 39164: {instructions: Toast the cumin: Heat the oil in a large, deep pot over medium heat until it shimmers. Sprinkle in the cumin seeds and stir they should sizzle on contact, become fragrant and darken slightly.nCaramelize the onion: Immediately add the red onion and bay leaves to the pot. Cook, stirring often, until the onion is dark chestnut brown, 12 to 15 minutes.nMake the tomato base: While the onion is cooking, drain the juice from the can of tomatoes into a liquid measuring cup set aside. Puree the tomatoes, garlic, ginger, chiles, turmeric and paprika in a food processor.nSaute the base: Add the tomato base to the onion mixture and cook, stirring, until thick and pastelike, 10 minutes. When the mixture starts sticking to the bottom of the pot, add the chicken and potatoes. Cook, stirring, until the chicken is opaque and the sauce clings to the meat and potatoes, about 5 minutes.nSimmer the curry: Add the honey to the reserved tomato juice, then add enough water to make 1 12 cups of liquid pour into the pot. Season with salt to your liking and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and gently simmer, uncovered and stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are tender and the sauce is slightly thickened, 25 to 30 minutes.nAdjust the seasoning: Gently stir the yogurt into the curry. Taste for seasoning and add salt, if necessary. Sprinkle with the Garam Masala and serve over rice. Top with cilantro.nPhotograph by Coral Von ZumwaltnShell the cardamom: Gently crack open the green and black cardamom pods with a mortar and pestle or crush them on a cutting board using a heavy pan. Remove the seeds and discard the husks.nGrind the spices: Finely grind the cardamom seeds, cinnamon sticks and cloves in a spice or coffee grinder. Store in an airtight container away from direct sunlight for up to 1 year., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut or canola oil, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 medium red onion, finely chopped, 2 bay leaves, One 14.5ounce can whole plum tomatoes, 5 cloves garlic, 1 12inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 4 dried arbol chiles, stems removed, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon paprika, 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, fat trimmed, halved, 2 medium redskinned potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 teaspoon honey, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons plain wholemilk yogurt, preferably Greek style, Generous pinch of Garam Masala, recipe follows, Cooked basmati rice, for serving, Chopped fresh cilantro, for topping, 14 cup green cardamom pods, 4 black cardamom pods, 3 large cinnamon sticks, preferably Ceylon, broken into pieces, 2 tablespoons whole cloves], title: TomatoYogurt Chicken Curry, picturelink: 5G5Yl8y0kL.xddLYmRghBtzvCkLzrz2}, 39165: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, lemon zest, salt, and pepper until smooth. Set aside.nFor the pasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water.nIn a highsided skillet, whisk the butter over medium heat until melted. Simmer until foamy. Continue to cook until the butter has a nutty aroma and turns a caramel color, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat. Add the pasta, dressing, arugula, tomatoes, Parmesan, pine nuts, and capers. Toss until coated, adding the reserved pasta water, 1 tablespoon at a time to loosen the sauce, if needed. Transfer to a large bowl and serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large lemon, zested and juiced, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound penne rigate pasta, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, at room temperature, 4 cups baby arugula, 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup toasted pine nuts see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed and drained], title: Penne with Brown Butter, Arugula, and Pine Nuts, picturelink: fm2jQqprFKvTVbcGRcY.2lrhUMVgi}, 39166: {instructions: Make spiced pecans. Beat egg white until very frothy, but not stiff. Add remaining ingredients, excluding pecans. Now add pecans and mix to coat. Spread pecans on baking sheet in single layer and bake in a preheated 200 degree oven for 45 minutes, turning every 15 minutes.nFor dressing, shake together all ingredients. Toss together salad ingredients. Toss dressing with salad just before serving, sprinkle dressed salad with pecans., ingredients: [1 cup pecans, 1 egg white, 34 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon water, 1 cup salad oil, 13 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 2 tablespoons corn syrup, 6 cups fresh spinach, washed and dried, 2 cups strawberries, sliced or any fruit desired for color, 34 cup red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup fresh mushrooms, sliced], title: Spinach Salad with Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 39167: {instructions: In a saute pan over high heat, add the butter, onions, white pepper and 1 teaspoon salt, and cook over high heat until the butter has melted. Reduce the heat to medium and finish cooking the onions until slightly browned on the edges, 7 to 8 minutes.nMix the beef, pork, remaining 1 teaspoon salt, and black pepper in a bowl. Do not over mix or the burger will be too tightly bound. Portion the meat into 12 2ounce balls, then flatten the balls into patties about 2 12 inches round.nPreheat a grill and grill the burgers for 4 to 5 minutes on each side, or until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F.nCombine the mayonnaisemustard mixture with the lemon juice and shredded romaine. Top the bottom bun with the dressed lettuce, a burger, some caramelized onions, and cheese of choice. Add the top bun and serve., ingredients: [2 ounces butter, 1 cup yellow onions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 12 ounces 8020 ground beef, 12 ounces ground pork, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 14 cup equal parts mayonnaise and mustard, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 cup thinly shredded romaine hearts, 12 slices cheese of choice Gruyere, baby Swiss, or Gloucester, 12 petit buns 2 to 2 12 inches, toasted], title: Beef and Ground Pork Sliders, picturelink: zdlzphxQGg0EVQoe6wBExNpSlJajz.}, 39168: {instructions: Stir the cream and 13 cup of the sugar together in a large bowl. Beat the sweetened cream until soft peaks form. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites to soft peaks. Continue beating, adding the remaining 13 cup sugar 1 tablespoon at a time, until the whites form stiff, glossy peaks. Fold the cream mixture and beaten egg whites into the yogurt. Fold in the vanilla.nLine 1 large or 6 individual coeur a la creme molds or a large sieve with a double thickness of damp cheesecloth, allowing the excess to hang over the edge.nFill the prepared molds with the cream mixture and set over a large plate to drain. If using a sieve, set the sieve over a bowl. Fold the excess cheesecloth over the cream. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 24 hours.nUnwrap and invert the molds onto a serving plate or plates. Remove the cheesecloth. Or, if using the sieve, invert onto a large plate and use an ice cream scoop to spoon individual servings into dessert bowls. Surround the coeur a la cremes with raspberry coulis and a few fresh raspberries., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 23 cup sugar, 2 egg whites, 1 cup 8 ounces plain organic or lowfat natural yogurt without any added thickeners such as carrageenan or pectin, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Raspberry coulis, Fresh raspberries for garnish], title: Coeur a la Creme, picturelink: null}, 39169: {instructions: Place the sugar, melon and lime juice in a blender. Process the mixture until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a 9by13inch baking dish.nFreeze for 2 or 3 hours, and then begin the process of lightly scraping the top frozen layer with a fork.nReturn the pan to the freezer with the shaved ice on top. Remove a couple of hours later and continue scraping with a fork. Repeat the occasional scraping process until the entire mixture is shaved.nStore, covered in plastic wrap, until serving.nServe in pretty glasses with mint., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 whole cantaloupe, rind removed, cut into chunks, Juice of 1 lime, Fresh mint sprigs, for serving], title: Cantaloupe Granita, picturelink: null}, 39170: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients in a mediumsized saucepan and add 2 cups of water. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat, cover and cook for 20 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [6 large ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped or, 3 cups canned peeled tomatoes, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 cups fresh or frozen corn kernels, 1 pound fresh or frozen okra, topped, tailed and cut into 12inch rounds, 1 habanero chile], title: Okra, Corn and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 39171: {instructions: Combine 2 ounces cognac, 1 teaspoon each cherry and orange liqueur, 1 teaspoon lemon juice and 2 dashes angostura bitters in a shaker. Fill with ice, cover and shake well. Strain into a chilled sugarrimmed cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon peel.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [], title: Brandy Crusta, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 39172: {instructions: For Pastry Base: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Sift flour onto a board or into a medium bowl. Make a well in the center. Add butter and egg to well and mix them together. Mix sugar into butter and eggs. Combine with the flour, adding water as needed. Allow pastry to stand for 30 minutes before rolling. Roll into a 10nch round. Place on greased baking sheet. Cover with a round of greased parchment paper and weigh pastry down with dried beans or pie weights. Bake 10 minutes, then remove paper and weights. Bake 10 minutes more. Remove from oven and let cool. For Choux Pastry: Bring water and butter to a boil in a saucepan. Add sifted flour to pan, all at once,and beat hard until mixture is smooth and comes away from the sides of the pan. Turn out onto a plate to cool.nWhen cool, place the pastry in a medium bowl and add the eggs, one at a time, beating hard in between each addition. Add the salt.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F. Place the pastry into a piping bag with a large nozzle and pipe small nut shapes onto a greased, floured baking sheet. Bake for 12 minutes. Turn off the heat and keep pastry in oven for 20 more minutes to dry out the centers. Cool and store in an airtight container until ready to use. Pastry Cream: In medium, heavybottomed saucepan, slowly bring milk and vanilla bean to a boil. Discard the bean.nIn a separate bowl, beat the sugar and egg yolk until pale and thickened. Beat in flour. Add a little of the boiling milk to the egg mixture, and then pour all this back into the pot of milk. Bring back to a boil. Lower heat and simmer 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Flavor with vanilla extract and let cool. Filling: Whip cream and sugar until stiff. Place bowl in freezer for 20 minutes. Toffee: Place all ingredients in a saucepan. Bring to a boil and continue to cook until it reaches 280 degrees F. Keep warm. To assemble: Place pastry cream into a piping bag with a thin, pointed nozzle. Fill each choux with pastry cream. Place a layer of choux in a circle around the edge of the pastry base and drizzle a thin coating of hot toffee on them. Layer a second round of choux over the first, like build a wall, securing with more toffee. Continue in this fashion until all the filled pastries are used. Fill the center of the wall with whipped cream and garnish the top with candied fruit and chocolate curls., ingredients: [12 ounces flour, 6 ounces cold butter, cut into small pieces, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon ice water, 12 pint water, 2 ounces butter, 4 ounces flour, sifted, 3 eggs, Pinch of salt, 1 pint milk, 1 vanilla bean, 4 ounces superfine sugar, 3 egg yolks, 2 ounces sifted flour, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 pints heavy whipping cream, 5 dessert spoonfuls sugar, 4 ounces water, 8 ounces sugar, 1 dessert spoonful glucose See Cooks Note, 8 ounces candied fruit, diced, 3 ounces dark chocolate, melted, spread to set, and curled with a pastry scraper], title: Gateau St. Honore, picturelink: null}, 39173: {instructions: Thinly slice 1 jalapeno remove the seeds for less heat. Combine with 2 12 cups chopped pineapple in a shallow dish freeze until firm, at least 3 hours. Transfer to a blender add 34 cup rum, 2 to 3 tablespoons sugar, the juice of 1 lime and 1 12 cups ice and puree until smooth. Divide among 4 glasses top with jalapeno slices and a cilantro sprig.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: PineappleJalapeno Daiquiris, picturelink: sD7rJ3S21zet2i9V8PpbPAa1.Ih6xPS}, 39174: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSqueeze all of the water from the spinach. In a large pan, heat the oil over a medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the milk and broth and cook, scraping up any bits from the bottom of the pan. Bring to a simmer and cook for 2 minutes. Add the spinach and simmer until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the evaporated milk and nutmeg and season to taste with salt and pepper.nExcellent source of: Protein, Vitamin A, Riboflavin, Folate, Calcium, Magnesium, Manganese, PotassiumnGood source of: Fiber, Thiamin, Vitamin B6, Vitamin C, Vitamin D, Copper, Iodine, Iron, Phosphorus, Selenium, ingredients: [2 10ounce packages frozen spinach, thawed, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 small shallots, finely chopped about 12 cup, 4 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups 1 percent milk, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons fat free evaporated milk, Pinch ground nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamed Spinach, picturelink: 3bQPDmJBZswVbSLO2L7oifRwM418bRK}, 39175: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to the boil. Add the corn and cook just 4 minutes, no longer.nMeanwhile, melt the butter with the cayenne. Add the lime juice and salt. Drain the corn, brush generously with the flavored butter and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 ears corn, husked and cleaned of silk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 to 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, or to taste, Juice of 2 limes about 2 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Corn on the Cob with Cayenne and Lime, picturelink: null}, 39176: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a buttered 15 by 10 1inch jelly roll pan with parchment paper. Butter the paper, dust with flour, and tap out the excess.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes. Increase the heat to high, whisk in the milk, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 5 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and whisk in the egg yolks 1 at a time. Season with the salt and pepper. Beat the egg whites until soft peaks form. Stir 13 of the whites into the yolk mixture and fold in the rest. Pour the batter into the bottom of the prepared pan and smooth gently with a metal spatula. Transfer to the oven and cook until golden and firm to the touch, about 15 minutes.nIncrease the oven heat to 375 degrees F. Cover the egg sponge with a buttered piece of parchment paper, buttered side down. Cover with a damp kitchen towel and invert onto a work surface. Peel off the paper from the top.nSprinkle the cheese over the sponge, leaving a 12inch border on all sides. Arrange the ham and pepper strips on top and sprinkle on the parsley. Place a flat baking sheet next to the sponge. Starting with 1 of the longer sides, use the towel to help roll the sponge up jelly roll fashion. Carefully roll onto the baking sheet pan. Return the roulade to the upper third of the oven and bake until the cheese has melted, 8 to 10 minutes. Use a serrated knife to cut crosswise into 12inchthick slices., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting the pan, 1 14 cups whole milk, heated, 4 large eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups coarsely grated Manchego or ParmigianoReggiano, 3 ounces thinly sliced serrano ham or prosciutto, 1 large roasted red bell pepper, seeded, peeled and cut into thin strips, optional, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Serrano Ham and Manchego Cheese Roulade, picturelink: 12NcNQ2I1JKhVIkMeOrJ07ol19hY8CW}, 39177: {instructions: Cut an apple in half and scoop out the seeds with a spoon. Slice into 14inchthick rounds. Lay on a greased baking sheet and bake at 200 degrees F until dry, 2 to 3 hours., ingredients: [], title: Dried Apples, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 39178: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCut bread into cubes and place in a large bowl. Drizzle cubes with olive oil, salt, pepper and red pepper flakes. Mix well.nSpread seasoned bread onto a sheet pan and bake for about 15 minutes., ingredients: [Day old French bread, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Homemade Croutons, picturelink: xLB3DQYLGxPhn5evVLrhHe.m7uZ5HW}, 39179: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPeel and core the apples, then cut them into quarters.nSpread the butter on the bottom of a 12inch ovensafe nonstick skillet. Mix the sugar, salt and vanilla together to evenly distribute the caviar. Sprinkle the sugar mixture evenly over the butter. Squeeze over the lemon juice.nPlace the apple quarters cutside up on top. Remember, the bottom will become the top so make it look pretty. Put the pan over medium heat and cook until the sugar melts, caramelizes and begins to thicken. The apples will release their juices during this process, so it could take 10 to 15 minutes. If the juices start getting too dark, lower the heat a little.nWhile the apples are cooking, take the puff pastry out of the fridge. Use a knife to cut a circle just big enough to fit over the top of the apples in the skillet. Keep chilled.nWhen the sugar has caramelized, place the pastry circle over the apples, gently tucking in the sides. Transfer to the oven and bake until the pastry is risen and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Let rest 10 to 15 minutes.nCarefully turn the tarte tatin out onto a serving plate. Serve with whipped cream., ingredients: [6 firm apples such as Granny Smith, Pink Lady or Honeycrisp, 4 tablespoons 12 stick salted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, Pinch of kosher salt, Caviar from 1 vanilla bean, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 sheet puff pastry, chilled, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Tarte Tatin, picturelink: rEFj5cPs55zAhRmm6u7B6lRI8MGpMeG}, 39180: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPat the chicken dry inside and out with paper towels. In a small bowl, combine the peanut oil, fivespice powder, salt and pepper. Stir the zest into the spices. Rub the chicken inside and out with the spice mixture.nFor the stuffing: Stuff the bird with the scallions, star anise, chile, ginger and orange cut into pieces if needed. Roast the chicken for 1 hour undisturbed.nFor the basting sauce: Combine the honey and soy sauce. After the chicken has cooked for 1 hour, baste the chicken liberally every 10 minutes until it is cooked through and an internal thermometer reads 160 degrees F, 30 to 40 minutes more. Remove the chicken and let rest tented with foil for 10 minutes before serving. Chicken temperature will reach 165 degrees F while resting.nFor the salsa: While chicken rests, whisk together the ginger, chile oil, soy sauce, vinegar, peanut oil, chiles, scallions and mandarin juice and zest until well combined.nCarve the chicken tableside and serve the salsa on the side., ingredients: [One 4pound roasting chicken, 4 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 tablespoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, Zest of 1 Mandarin orange, remaining orange reserved for later use, 2 scallions, cut into 1inch pieces and bruised, 3 whole star anise, 1 Fresno chile, split in half, One 2inch piece ginger, sliced into coins, 1 Mandarin orange, 4 tablespoons honey, 4 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 2 tablespoons chile oil, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons red rice vinegar or red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 red chiles, seeded and finely chopped, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 1 large mandarin, zested and juiced], title: Soy Spiced Roast Chicken, picturelink: null}, 39181: {instructions: Drain any remaining liquid from squid. In a large bowl, combine flour, cornmeal and pepper. Heat oil to 360 degrees. Working in batches, drop a handful of squid into flour mixture and toss to coat evenly. Lift out of flour, shake to remove excess, and drop carefully into hot oil. Cook briefly until golden, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove squid from oil with slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Repeat with remaining squid until all are fried. Serve warm with chipotle mustard dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 pound squid, cleaned and sliced, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 12 teaspoon freshlyground black pepper, Oil for deepfrying: 4 inches of neutralflavored oil in large heavy pot], title: Crunchy CornmealFried Squid, picturelink: null}, 39182: {instructions: Soak the onion slices in a large bowl of cold water, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, split the bread lengthwise, then pull out some of the bread from the inside. Drizzle 2 tablespoons each vinegar and olive oil on the bottom half. Season with salt and pepper.nLayer the cheese and meat on the bottom half of the bread. Drain the onion and pat dry. Top the meat with the onion, lettuce, pepperoncini if using and tomatoes. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons each vinegar and olive oil and sprinkle with the oregano. Season generously with salt and pepper.nDrizzle the cut side of the bread top with the remaining 1 tablespoon each vinegar and olive oil, then place on top of the sandwich. Cut into 4 pieces.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 12inch loaf soft Italian bread, 5 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 pound delisliced provolone cheese, 14 pound delisliced Genoa salami, 14 pound delisliced boiled ham, 14 pound delisliced mortadella, 14 pound delisliced capicola, 12 head iceberg lettuce, finely shredded, 14 to 12 cup sliced pickled pepperoncini optional, 3 plum tomatoes, thinly sliced, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano], title: Italian Subs, picturelink: dP6biYwaycJNvPiwoP3GAzgrTGVtjC}, 39183: {instructions: In a skillet, heat the oil and saute the scallions, garlic, and ginger over medium heat. Stir in the hoisin sauce and oyster sauce, adding barbecue pork while stirring. Reduce heat to low. Thoroughly combine cornstarch with 2 tablespoons water. Pour over pork mixture and stir until sauce thickens. Set aside. On a floured surface, partially separate breadsticks, leaving 2 thick layers of dough. Roll each into a ball. Working with 1 ball at a time, roll out to make a 3inch circle. Place about 1 tablespoon of filling in center of each round. Gather dough up and twist to secure tightly. Repeat with remaining dough. Cover with kitchen towel. Arrange cabbage leaves on the bottom of 2 large bamboo steamers. Place 6 pork buns on each steamer. Steam buns for 20 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons oil, 13 cup finely chopped scallions, 1 12 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 3 tablespoons oyster sauce, 3 cups char siu pork barbecue pork, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 11ounce cans breadstick dough, 1 head Napa cabbage], title: Steamed Pork Bao Buns, picturelink: null}, 39184: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, mix the jalapeno with the onion, lime juice, lemon juice, mango, papaya, cilantro and extravirgin olive oil. Season mixture with salt and pepper, then stir in the scallops immersing them completely in the marinade. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours, preferably overnight. The acids in the marinade will cook the scallops.nPeel cucumbers and cut into 14inch thick slices. Strain scallop mixture and spoon onto cucumber disks. Top with 18 teaspoon of caviar., ingredients: [12 fresh jalapeno pepper, finely minced use gloves when handling, 14 red onion, diced very small, 3 limes, juiced, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 mango, peeled, seeded, and diced very small, 12 papaya, peeled, seeded and diced very small, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 18 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound fresh bay scallops, 3 to 6 English cucumbers, 1ounce green caviar], title: Seafood Ceviche on Cucumber Round Topped with Green Caviar, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 39185: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil. Saute beef and pork until cooked. Strain the meat from the fat and reserve. In the same pan, saute the onions until soft, about 5 to 8 minutes. Add the cooked meat to the onions, and saute 5 minutes. Add the curry powder, cilantro, and spinach and saute for 5 minutes. Remove the mixture from the stove and mix in the goat cheese until completely incorporated. Season with salt and pepper and cool to room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLay out the chilled cut dough on a cutting board. Spoon a small amount of the stuffing into the center of the dough. Fold the top over the bottom and crimp all the way around with a fork. Lay the empanadas on a sheet pan. See Chefs Note. Bake for 15 minutes or until dough appears crispy.nChefs Note: At this point the empanadas can be refrozen for future use., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, for sauteing, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 1 large white onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 bunch cilantro, washed and leaves chopped, 1 cup chopped spinach, 12 cup goat cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Frozen puff pastry dough, cut into 5inch rounds, and kept cold in refrigerator], title: Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 39186: {instructions: Drain the herring and pat dry. Fillet the herring and cut fillets into 2inch strips. In a saucepan bring the water, sugar, vinegar, bay leaves, mustard seeds, and peppercorns to a boil. Remove from the heat and add onions, carrots and ginger slices. Cool completely, then pour over the herring fillets arranged in a nonreactive dish or jar. Cover well and refrigerate overnight or up to 3 days before using., ingredients: [2 salted herrings soaked for at least 12 hours, up to 24, 1 12 cups water, 1 cup white sugar, 12 cup white vinegar, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 small white onion, sliced in rings, 1 carrot peeled and cut in thin disks, 1inch fresh ginger root, sliced thinly], title: Pickled Herring, picturelink: null}, 39187: {instructions: Cut the bread, with crusts, into 12inch cubes. Spread on a tray to thoroughly dry, 1 to 2 hours, or dry in a 250 degree oven for 30 to 45 minutes.nMix the cucumbers, onion, tomatoes, olives and cheese together in a bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and the bread cubes. Toss well, cover and chill 30 minutes. Serve cold on lettucelined plates., ingredients: [1 12 Bolillos, or 14 loaf crusty Italian bread, 6 pickling cucumbers, peeled and cut into 34inch chunks, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 3 Italian Roma tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup green olives, pitted and cut in half, 6 ounces Panela cheese, cut into 12inch cubes, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 12 bunch cilantro, chopped, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper, Lettuce leaves for serving], title: Cucumber and Bread Salad, picturelink: null}, 39188: {instructions: Heat oil in a 3quart nonreactive saucepan over medium high heat, add the onions and cook until browned and softened, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic, tomatoes, chicken broth, potatoes, pepper flakes, and salt, stir until combined. Cover and reduce heat to medium and cook 45 minutes or until potatoes are almost mushy but have not lost their shape.nPour half the potatoes and tomatoes in a refrigerator dish for tomorrow nights quick vegetable beef stew. Lay cod over stew, cover and steam until tender and fish begins to flake, 5 to 7 minutes. Serve immediately.nIn a large soup pot, heat olive oil over medium high heat, add stew meat, and cook until browned on all sides, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add leftover potatoes and tomatoes, chicken stock, green beans and corn. Cook until vegetables are done, about 6 to 8 minutes. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 small sweet onions, peeled, cored, and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 small garlic cloves, minced, 2 cups canned whole tomatoes, 1 cup fat free, sodium free chicken broth, 1 12 pounds potatoes, peeled and cut into large chunks, Dash hot pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon coarse grained salt, 1 pound cod, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 pound beef stew meat, Leftover potatoes and tomatoes, 1 to 2 cups chicken broth depending on the desired thickness of stew, 14 pound green beans, trimmed and halved, 2 ears of corn, kernels cut off cob], title: CountryStyle Potato and Tomato Stew with Poached Cod, picturelink: null}, 39189: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of the pasta water and drain well.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the olive oil, chile paste, anchovy juice and anchovy fillet.nAdd the pasta, top with the grated cheese and toss well, adding enough reserved pasta water to create a sauce. Add the arugula, mint and walnuts, and toss well., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound linguine, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon Calabrian chile paste, or more if desired, 12 teaspoon colatura di alici di Cetara or fish sauce, 1 anchovy fillet, finely chopped, 1 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 cup baby arugula, roughly chopped or torn, 12 cup mint leaves, roughly chopped or torn, 12 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped], title: Linguine with Anchovy and Walnuts, picturelink: bYUb4skBOmACcjrgyCbF6j1cj8ckPra}, 39190: {instructions: Grease shallow 3 12 to 4 quart ceramic casserole or 13inch by 9inch glass baking dish. Arrange bread slices, overlapping slightly, in dish. In a medium bowl, beat milk, salt, eggs and 14 cup sugar until well mixed. Slowly pour egg mixture over bread slices prick bread slices with fork and press slices down to absorb egg mixture. Spoon any egg mixture that bread had not absorbed over bread slices.nIn a cup, mix cinnamon with remaining 1 tablespoon of sugar sprinkle over top of bread pudding and dot with 2 tablespoons butter. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes or overnight.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Remove cover from bread pudding and bake 45 minutes, or until knife inserted in the center comes out clean.nFor the sauce melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a nonstick 12inch skillet over a medium high heat. Add banana slices and cook about 3 minutes, until lightly browned. Pour maple syrup over bananas heat to boiling. Boil 2 to 3 minutes, until mixture thickens slightly. Serve warm sauce in bowl with bread pudding, ingredients: [1 loaf unsliced rich egg bread, such as challah 1 pound, cut into 1 inch thick slices, 3 cups milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 10 large eggs, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 tablespoons butter or margarine, 6 medium firm bananas, cut into 14 inch thick slices, 1 bottle 8 ounces maple syrup], title: Bread Pudding with Warm Banana Maple Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39191: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a bowl and cover. Let it sit overnight to firm up. Roll into logs and cut into 1inch sections. Wrap in decorative foil and papers., ingredients: [1 12 cups semi sweet chocolate, melted, 12 light cup corn syrup, 34 teaspoon warm water, 12 tablespoon orange extract], title: Chocolate Rolls, picturelink: null}, 39192: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a griddle pan over medium heat for the grilled cheese.nHeat a medium soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and then melt 2 tablespoons of the butter into the oil. Add the garlic, onions, thyme, paprika and some salt and pepper, then partially cover the pot and cook to soften, 10 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook until fragrant, 2 minutes. Deglaze the pan with 2 cups of the chicken stock and transfer to a food processor. Add the tomatoes and process until smooth. Pour the soup back into the pot and add the remaining 2 cups stock. Simmer at a low bubble while you make the grilled cheese.nLightly butter one side of each slice of bread. Place 2 slices of cheese between 2 slices of bread, butteredside facing out. Grill the sandwiches until crispy and the cheese melts.nStir the cream into the tomato soup right before serving. Serve in shallow bowls with chives to garnish and grilled cheese for dipping., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, plus some softened butter for the sandwiches, 4 cloves garlic, sliced or chopped, 2 onions, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 round tablespoon smoked sweet paprika, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, One 32ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, 4 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 8 slices pumpernickel bread, 8 slices emmentaler cheese, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup finely chopped chives, for garnish], title: Tomato Soup and Grilled Cheese, picturelink: Ye5NgGjjg6zlMKuXO4Lp6lRiM12VxaO}, 39193: {instructions: In a medium pot over high heat, bring the sugar, vinegar, coriander, mustard seeds, celery seeds and turmeric to a boil. Add the daikon and return to a simmer. Remove the pot from the heat and transfer to a 1quart Mason jar or large bowl. Let the daikon cool for at least 3 hours before eating or store in the fridge in an airtight container for up to 3 weeks., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup distilled white vinegar, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds or 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 14 teaspoon celery seeds, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 daikon about 1 14 pounds, cut into 12inch cubes], title: Bread and Butter Daikon, picturelink: null}, 39194: {instructions: Put the raisins, sugar, tamarind pulp, 12 cup water, Garam Masala, ginger, chile and onions into a medium saucepan and place over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to low and simmer gently for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Let cool slightly, and then stir in the cilantro.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPut the coriander seeds, cumin seeds, peppercorns, cardamom pods, cloves and cinnamon sticks on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until they are aromatic, 15 to 20 minutes. Grind to a powder in an electric spice grinder. Store in an airtight jar., ingredients: [12 cup raisins, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup tamarind pulp, 2 tablespoons Garam Masala, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 1 green chile, minced, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon mixed peppercorns, 6 green cardamom pods, 5 brown cardamom pods, 6 cloves, Two 2inch pieces cinnamon stick], title: Raisin and Tamarind Chutney, picturelink: null}, 39195: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the conch in a pressure cooker covered with water and cook until tender, check the manufacturers instructions for time. Remove the conch from the cooker and let cool completely.nDice the conch into small cubes then put the diced conch and remaining ingredients, except lettuce, in a medium bowl. Toss until completely mixed. Season with additional salt and pepper, if necessary. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Before serving, toss again. Place lettuce on a platter and top with conch salad., ingredients: [8 conch, 2 tablespoons chopped onion, 2 tablespoons chopped green pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped celery, 1 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons chopped sweet gherkin pickles, 12 cup vinaigrette dressing, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Lettuce leaves, for serving], title: Conch Salad, picturelink: 6KTILMegM62KjGjKWADXVy8nmJWkW}, 39196: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Icing spatula Ice cream scoop Pastry bag with a medium star tip A kitchen torchnClear some room in the freezer to fit 4 dessert plates. Cut the cake into 12inch thick slices. Cut out four 3inch disks and place them on the 4 dessert plates. Place 1 scoop of ice cream in the center of each cake disk and place them in the freezer. One at a time, remove the ice cream from the freezer and encase the ice cream in slices of cake. The cake covering the ice cream should fit together nicely, creating a dome. Place them back in the freezer for up to 2 days. To make the meringue, whip the egg whites until foamy, then add the sugar, and continue whipping until stiff and glossy. Spread it over the cake domes with an icing spatula, leaving a relatively smooth surface. Push an eggshell halfway into the top to act as a bowl, which will be filled with liqueur before serving. Do all 4 domes, returning them to the freezer as you finish them. Transfer the remaining meringue to your pastry bag. Pipe meringue decoratively on the domes. Heat the broiler to very hot or fire up your kitchen torch and broil until lightly browned all over. Return to the freezer for up to 2 days, until ready to serve.nWhen ready to serve, warm a little orange liqueur in the microwave and carefully pour it into the empty eggshells. Ignite the liquor and carry it to the table. After the flame dies down, lift the eggshell off the Alaska with 2 spoons and pour the liqueur over the dessert., ingredients: [1 storebought sponge cake or pound cake, 1 pint ice cream, your favorite flavor, 12 cup egg whites from about 4 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 4 clean empty egg shell halves, 2 tablespoons orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier], title: Mini Baked Alaska, picturelink: gHKgUCTTISidHlTdu2rURN03bQDHAK}, 39197: {instructions: For the oysters: Melt butter in a skillet. Saute the garlic for 2 minutes to infuse the butter. Place the bread crumbs in a mixing bowl and add half the garlic butter, set aside. To the remaining garlic butter in the skillet, add shallots and spinach, cook for 3 minutes until the spinach wilts. Deglaze the pan with Pernod. Season with salt and pepper, add a dash of red pepper sauce. Allow the mixture to cook down for a few minutes. Finish off the bread crumbs by mixing in olive oil, Parmesan and chervil, season with salt and pepper. Spoon 1 heaping teaspoon of the spinach mixture on each oyster followed by a spoonful of the bread crumb mixture. Sprinkle a baking pan amply with rock salt. Arrange the oysters in the salt to steady them. Bake in a preheated 450 degree F oven for 10 to 15 minutes until golden. Serve with lemon wedges and red pepper sauce.nFor the sauce: In a small bowl whisk together all ingredients. Cover and chill 1 hour before serving with oysters. Yield: 34 cup, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 13 cup bread crumbs, Panko preferred, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 cups chopped fresh spinach, 14 cup Pernod, Salt and pepper, to taste, Dash red pepper sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon chopped chervil or parsley, 2 dozen oysters, on the half shell, Rock salt, Lemon wedges, for garnish, 34 cup champagne vinegar, 2 shallots, minced, 2 tablespoons cracked black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon chopped chervil, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Oysters Rockefeller, picturelink: null}, 39198: {instructions: Add the balsamic vinegar, red wine vinegar, onion, raisins, garlic, anchovies, brown sugar, cumin seed, cloves, and celery seed to a large saucepan and bring to a simmer. Cook until reduced by twothirds. Strain the mixture, pressing on the solids to get maximum flavor. Discard the solids. The sauce will hold for 1 month in the refrigerator.nServe with grilled skirt steak garnished with pickled red Fresno chiles, fresh parsley leaves, and sea salt., ingredients: [2 cups balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 onion, chopped, 1 cup raisins, 6 cloves garlic, 2 anchovies, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon toasted cumin seed, 1 tablespoon whole cloves, 1 tablespoon celery seed, Serving suggestion: Serve with grilled skirt steak garnished with pickled red Fresno chiles, fresh parsley leaves, and sea salt.], title: Steak Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39199: {instructions: For the filling mix sugar with cornstarch and toss that with peaches and blueberries. Transfer them to the bottom of a lightly buttered shallow baking dish 9 or 10inch round pyrex pie plate or 8inch square one Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. For the dough, in a food processor combine the flour, baking powder and salt cut in chilled butter and process with cream to make andough. Roll out to about 12inch thick into a shape to fit your baking pan. Or cut into biscuits and set biscuits, touching each other over fruit. Drizzle biscuits with melted butter and sugar and bake for 40 minutes or until biscuits are golden and fruit underneath bubbling. Serve hot, warm or at room temperature with cream or ice cream., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoons cornstarch, 5 cups peaches, peeled, pitted and cut into thick slices, 2 cups blueberries, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 4 tablespoons melted, 1 cup all purpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons chilled butter, cut into tablespoon pieces, 13 cup light cream, 2 tablespoons each of melted butter and sugar, Whipped cream or ice cream, optional], title: Peach and Blueberry Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 39200: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBake the sausage on a baking sheet for 20 minutes. Turn the sausage and bake for 5 to 10 minutes more, until its fully cooked. Cool to room temperature.nUnfold the puff pastry on a lightly floured board. Cut each piece in 12 lengthwise and brush the top sides with mustard. Divide the sausage into 4 equal pieces. Starting at the long end of the pastry, place 1 piece of the sausage on top of the mustard and roll it up tightly, overlapping the end by 12inch and sealing the pastry by brushing the edge with water. Cut off the excess pastry. Roll the other 3 pieces of sausage in puff pastry. Place the 4 rolls, seam side down, on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Brush with the egg wash. Lightly score each roll diagonally to make 7 equal pieces. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until browned. Slice and serve hot with mustard., ingredients: [1 pound fresh lamb sausage, 12inch thick, 2 sheets commercial puff pastry, thawed, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, plus extra for serving, 1 egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water or milk, for egg wash], title: Lamb Sausage in Puff Pastry, picturelink: null}, 39201: {instructions: Heat the EVOO in a soup pot or large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, crumbling it with a wooden spoon, until browned. Add the garlic and onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the bay leaf and squash and season with salt, pepper and a little nutmeg. Stir in the stock and halfandhalf and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and add the kale. Simmer until the squash is tender, about 20 minutes.nAdd the rice and simmer until just tender, 18 to 20 minutes, stirring every 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the sage.nLadle the soup into shallow bowls. Top with ParmigianoReggiano and a drizzle of EVOO. Cooks Note: The soup, without the rice, can be covered and refrigerated for a makeahead meal. Add the rice before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for drizzling, 1 pound bulk Italian sweet sausage with fennel, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 large bay leaf, 1 butternut squash or small pumpkin 2 pounds, peeled and cut into 34inch dice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 6 cups chicken stock, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 small bunch Tuscan kale, stemmed and chopped, 34 cup Arborio rice, A few fresh sage leaves, torn, Shaved ParmigianoReggiano, for serving], title: Sausage, Pumpkin and Arborio Soup, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 39202: {instructions: Soak the skewers in water for at least 30 minutes.nIn a medium saucepan, add olive oil, garlic and onion and place over medium heat. Saute for 2 to 3 minutes. When onions are soft and translucent, add remaining ingredients and season, to taste. Simmer for 5 minutes until thickened. Remove from heat and set asidenSkewer a tenderloin half on each of the soaked wooden skewers, keeping the tenderloin towards the end. Drizzle the chicken with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the skewers over medium heat. Cook for 2 minutes then turn each skewer over once and then brush on the reserved BBQ sauce. Cook for 2 to 3 more minutes until cooked through., ingredients: [Small wooden skewers, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 34 cup brown sugar, 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 pounds chicken tenderloins, cleaned and cut in 12, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: BBQ Chicken Toes, picturelink: null}, 39203: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the strawberries and 3 tablespoons of the sugar in a small bowl. Let the strawberries macerate at room temperature for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange 6 individual tartlet pans with removable bottoms on a baking sheet. Spray the tartlet pans with nonstick cooking spray. Blend the Maria crackers and the piloncillo in a processor until coarse crumbs form. Add the butter and process until the crumbs come together. Press the crumbs into the prepared tartlet pans. Bake until the tartlet shells are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Cool completely.nUsing an electric mixer, whip the cream cheese and the sour cream in a small bowl, until fluffy. Add the remaining 12 cup of sugar and whip until well combined. Add the whipping powdered topping and whip until very fluffy. Drain all but 2 tablespoons of the macerating liquid from the strawberries. Fold the strawberries and the reserved 2 tablespoons of liquid into the cream mixture. Spoon the filling over the tartlets, dividing equally. Tarts can be prepared 1 day ahead, covered and refrigerated, ingredients: [1 12 cups hulled quartered strawberries, 12 cup sugar, plus 3 tablespoons, 5 ounces Maria crackers about 1 pack or 32 crackers, or graham crackers, 14 cup, packed minced piloncillo about 2 ounces, or packed brown sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick chilled unsalted butter, cubed, 1 8ounce bars cream cheese, room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, 1 envelope whipping powdered topping about 14 cup powder, 6 individual tart tins with removable bottoms or 1 9inch tin, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Sweet Strawberry Tartlets, picturelink: 8Ja4IcnkdBVJMP4DNKjvJhQRS19Vm}, 39204: {instructions: For the flour blend: Whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt in a large bowl.nFor the topping: In a small bowl, stir together the cereal, mustard and oil.nFor the green beans: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch baking dish. Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and bell peppers, and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the flour blend over the vegetables, and cook, stirring, for about 1 minute. Stir in the broth bring to a simmer, and cook until thickened, about 4 minutes.nAdd the green beans to the prepared baking dish. Top evenly with the mushroom mixture. Scatter the topping over the top, and drizzle with olive oil bake until golden and bubbling, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups 435 grams white rice flour, 1 12 cups 187 grams tapioca flour, 34 cup 123 grams potato starch, 1 tablespoon 8 grams xanthan gum, 1 12 teaspoons 5 grams salt, 1 cup finely crushed glutenfree rice cereal, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for greasing the baking dish, One 8ounce package mushrooms, sliced, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons GlutenFree Flour Blend, recipe above, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 pound green beans, ends trimmed and blanched], title: GlutenFree Green Bean Casserole with Dijon Crumbs, picturelink: ps.LWNwoZmHqALjBQ8yzOIoFhR6ya1C}, 39205: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl combine the flour and salt and make a well in the center. Whisk the eggs with the water and pour them into the well. By hand or with a wooden spoon, begin whisking the egg mixture, drawing in a little flour each time you whisk, until you have a thick, wet doughy mixture. Continue working the dough, picking it up as you whisk to incorporate air into the mixture and make it a little bubbly. It should be a thick, dropping consistency.nThere are several ways to form spatzle. The oldfashioned German way is to use a cutting board: spread the dough flat on the board, then with a flat spatula, cut little ribbons off the edge and push them into rapidly boiling salted water. Or, use a spatzle press, similar to a potato ricer but with less holes, it in fact looks like a giant garlic press. The idea is to push the dough through holes about 38 inches in diameter and let them fall into the boiling water  a colander with large holes will work well. If using a colander, use a large metal spoon to push the mixture through the holes. When the spatzle rise to the surface of the boiling water, give them a gentle stir and cook for about 20 seconds more, then drain briefly in a clean colander before tossing with butter, salt, and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 large eggs, 4 tablespoons water, or as needed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Spaetzle, picturelink: null}, 39206: {instructions: Mix salt, carrots, celery, pinot grigio, bay leaves, and peppercorns in 2 quarts of water and bring to a simmer. Add the shrimp and just bring back to a boil. Once the water boils, cook for 60 seconds. Remove the shrimp immediately and lay out on a cookie sheet to cool to room temperature. Refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour. Peel shrimp just before serving and serve chilled., ingredients: [12 handful salt, 2 carrots, roughly chopped, 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 2 cups pinot grigio, 2 fresh bay leaves, or 1 dried, 6 peppercorns, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp, shell on], title: Poached Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 39207: {instructions: Chefs note: You will need an 80 quart pot with a basket with a propane burner, like the ones to deepfry a turkey or the biggest pot with a basket insert you can find. Its best to do this boiling outside.nTo clean your crawfish, first hose the whole bag of them down until the water runs pretty clear. Then open the bag and dump the crawfish out into a big ice cooler, with the drain open, and hose them down again. Toss and spray and drain until the water runs clear. Discard any grass, trash, pebbles and dead crawfish you find. Dont keep the crawfish under water too long as they need air to live.nCombine mustard seeds, coriander seeds, allspice, dill seeds, crushed red pepper flakes and cloves in cheesecloth and tie it up tight.nFill the pot, with the basket in it, half way with water and set it over the burner. Fire it up. Bring the water to a rolling boil and dump in all the ingredients, including the cheesecloth sachet, except for the crawfish.nLet the water boil for 10 minutes and then remove the basket from the pot, add the crawfish and drop it back into the water. Boil for 10 to 15 minutes.nSpread newspapers out on a picnic table. Carefully, remove the basket of boiled crawfish from the pot, let them drain a bit and pour them out onto the newspaper., ingredients: [1 sack fresh, live crawfish about 35 pounds, 12 cup yellow mustard seeds, 12 cup coriander seeds, 14 cup allspice berries, 14 cup dill seeds, 14 cup crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup vegetable oil, 6 lemons, halved and juiced, 4 medium onions, halved, 20 cloves garlic, 1 cup hot sauce, 1 cup ground cayenne pepper, 12 cup garlic powder, 12 cup onion powder, 1 cup kosher salt, 20 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon whole cloves, 5 ears corn, halved, 2 whole artichokes, 5 pounds smoked sausage, cut into 2inch pieces, 6 pounds small, new red potatoes, scrubbed], title: Longest Crawfish Boil, picturelink: null}, 39208: {instructions: For the biscuits: Combine the butter, sugar, baking powder and salt in an electric stand mixer. Use the paddle attachment and mix until the butter is pea size. Next, add the flour, tarragon and pepper. Then, add the buttermilk and eggs. Mix until incorporated.nFor the rabbit: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the rabbit into eighths save the extra bones and trimmings to fortify stock. Dredge the pieces in flour and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nIn large saute pan or small rondeau, heat the olive oil. Sear the rabbit over mediumhigh heat. Remove when golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes and reserve. Discard the oil and turn the heat down to mediumlow.nSaute the shallots until blonde, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the carrots, rosemary, spring garlic, pinch of crushed red pepper and pinch of salt. Saute until soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the rabbit, allow to cook for 2 minutes. Next, add the hot stock, white wine and morels, and bring the liquid to a simmer. Simmer for about 4 minutes.nTop with the biscuit mixture in small dollops. Then add peas. Bake until the biscuits are golden, the filling is bubbling and the rabbit is tender, 30 to 35 minutes.nTop with the tarragon and serve., ingredients: [12 pound plus 1 ounce cold smallcubed butter, 4 ounces sugar, 18 cup plus 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 tablespoon salt, 1 12 pounds plus 1 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 12 cup fresh tarragon leaves, chopped, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 18 cup buttermilk, 3 eggs, 2 whole rabbits 2 12 to 3 pounds each, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, cut into medium dice, 10 baby carrots, halved, 2 large sprigs rosemary, 12 head spring garlic, Crushed red pepper, 1 12 quarts chicken stock, hot, 1 cup white wine, 8 morels or other seasonal mushrooms, quartered, 12 cups fresh peas, 2 sprigs fresh tarragon, leaves chopped], title: Stewed Rabbit and Biscuits, picturelink: NKok.RFPF8WcxXT.JWNp94kGZvORxYe}, 39209: {instructions: Discard tough lower third of broccoli stem. Peel remaining stems and finely chop. Cut remaining broccoli into very small 1inch florets. Cook florets in a large pot of boiling salted water, until just tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice water to stop cooking, then drain. Reserve 3 cups cooking water for chowder.nPeel potato and cut into 12inch cubes. Cook potato, onion, bell pepper, broccoli stems, and garlic in butter in a 3 to 4quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened 8 to 10 minutes. Add cumin, salt, pepper, and mustard and cook, stirring 1 minute. Add flour and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add reserved cooking water and simmer partially covered, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in cream and cheese and cook, stirring, until cheese is melted, then season with salt and pepper.nPuree about 2 cups of chowder in a blender until smooth use caution when blending hot liquids and return to pot. Add florets and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until heated through, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [1 small head broccoli 12 pound, 1 large boiling potato 12 pound, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 34 cup heavy cream, 6 ounces sharp Cheddar, coarsely grated 1 12 cups], title: Broccoli, Red Pepper, and Cheddar Chowder, picturelink: null}, 39210: {instructions: Add the hot sauce, Worcestershire, molasses, garlic, onions and tomato sauce to a slow cooker and stir to mix the ingredients together.nSprinkle the chicken breasts liberally with salt and pepper and add to the slow cooker, coating evenly with the sauce. Cover and cook on low until the chicken is tender, 4 to 6 hours. Transfer the cooked chicken to a large bowl and shred using 2 forks. Return the shredded chicken to the slow cooker and toss to coat with the sauce.nPlace 4 to 6 celery leaves on each bottom bun and pile 12 cup of the shredded chicken on top. Smear the top bun with Blue Cheese Aioli and place on top of the chicken.nCombine the blue cheese, mayonnaise, thyme and garlic together in a small bowl and stir well., ingredients: [14 cup hot sauce, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons molasses, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 yellow onion, diced, One 14ounce can tomato sauce, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 hamburger buns, split and toasted, Celery leaves, for serving, Blue Cheese Aioli, for serving, recipe follows, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 clove garlic, minced], title: Shredded Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches with Blue Cheese Aioli, picturelink: null}, 39211: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Heat the olive oil in a medium ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and carrot and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until softened, 1 minute. Add the beef, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until no longer pink, about 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices, oregano, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the sauce thickens, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the gnocchi and cook as the label directs. Reserve 14 cup cooking water, then drain. Toss the gnocchi with the butter and reserved cooking water in a large bowl until coated stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper.nSpread the gnocchi in an even layer over the beef mixture in the skillet and sprinkle with the mozzarella. Broil until the gnocchi are browned in spots and the cheese is melted, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle with more parsley.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 28ounce can nosaltadded whole peeled tomatoes in puree, crushed by hand, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 16 to 18ounce package mini potato gnocchi, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more for topping, 12 cup shredded mozzarella cheese about 2 ounces], title: MiniGnocchi Bolognese, picturelink: null}, 39212: {instructions: Heat the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the ginger, garlic and red chili flakes and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the hoisin, vinegar and soy sauce until combined and then strain, reserving the sauce.nHeat grill to high.nBrush eggplant slices on both sides with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the slices on the grill and grill until golden brown and slighty charred, 4 to 5 minutes. Brush with some of the glaze, turn over and continue grilling just until cooked through, brushing with more of the glaze, 3 to 4 minutes longer. Remove from the grill and brush with the remaining glaze. Transfer to a platter and sprinkle with the cilantro., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1inch piece fresh ginger, roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 medium eggplant, ends trimmed and cut into 12inch thick slices, lengthwise, 6 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Spicy Hoisin Glazed Eggplant, picturelink: vRyZVF2NdYPwlG698G3ELX3nf3.d1OK}, 39213: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel and slice the gala melon into 12inch semicircle slices. Wrap a slice of prosciutto around each wedge and arrange on a platter., ingredients: [1 gala melon, 10 to 15 slices prosciutto], title: Melon Wrapped In Prosciutto, picturelink: UPHo5Yhb4ZeVSjHXgHfhczVvCooxuHi}, 39214: {instructions: Chefs Note: You can replace the turmeric and masala powder with curry powdernIn a large cooking pot, heat the oil and add the chopped onions, frying until golden brown. Stir in the turmeric and masala powder or curry powder, garlic and chiles, mix well and cook for a couple of minutes to integrate flavors. Add the lamb and sear on all sides. Sprinkle the flour over the meat using a sifting motion, spoon in tomato paste, then gradually add the stock or water stirring constantly while doing so. Reduce the heat, cover and simmer over low heat until meat is tender, about 1 hour. Check the pot often and stir so the curry doesnt burn. If the sauce is thickening too fast during this cooking time, add water to retain the consistency and to prevent burning. If you prefer, once you have added the stock or water and the sauce is a good smooth consistency, you may transfer to a covered roasting pan and finish in the oven at 350 degrees F until the meat is tender. In the last 30 minutes of cooking time, stir in the potatoes.nWhile the lamb curry is in its last 12 hour, bring 5 cups of water to a boil, add rice and salt, reduce heat, cover and cook until tender, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit 5 minutes.nSpoon rice onto serving plate, top with lamb curry and garnish with fresh cilantro., ingredients: [1 cup grapeseed oil, 3 medium onions, diced small, 4 teaspoons turmeric, 6 teaspoons masala powder, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 1 to 2 chiles, diced small your choice, 5 pounds lean lamb, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 12 quarts vegetable stock or water, 3 medium sized potatoes, peeled and diced small, 2 cups rice, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Indian Style Lamb Curry, picturelink: i7iYerbCGTFYDO0X8cP8zw45bTUXGSq}, 39215: {instructions: Pat steaks dry and sprinkle both sides with rub. After rub is applied, let steaks sit on counter for the chill to leave the meat. Prepare grill for cooking steaks  will be grilled on high heat. Grill steaks on lightly oiled grill rack turning over once and moving around to avoid flareups if necessary. Cook time will be 6 to 8 minutes total for mediumrare, for steaks that are 14 inch thick. Transfer steaks to a cutting board and let stand, loosely covered with foil, 3 to 5 minutes. Thinly slice steaks diagonally. Plate and serve steak with chimichurri sauce.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine all ingredients except oil. Add oil and blend with food processor until thoroughly mixed.nPlace all ingredients in blender. Turn blender on low 15 seconds until fennel seed is broken down. Store in airtight container and use when needed., ingredients: [4 beef skirt steaks 1214 ounces each, Churrasco Rub, recipe follows, Olive oil, Chimichurri Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups Parsley, curly, 2 cup Cilantro, fresh, 4 cloves Roasted Garlic, 12 cup Olive oil, 12 Teaspoons Garlic, granulated, Pinch Salt, 12 Tablespoons Crushed red pepper, 12 cup Vinegar, red wine, 7.5 Tablespoons Kosher salt, 1 Tablespoons Black pepper, 12 Tablespoons Granulated garlic, 1 Teaspoon Fennel seed], title: Grilled Churrasco, picturelink: InK4lsODpkB3mvcZJAVllFUa47HIslm}, 39216: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. On a sheet pan spread out the walnuts and toast in the oven for 7 to 9 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool.nIn a bowl with an electric mixer, cream together the blue cheese and the cream cheese until smooth. Put one tablespoon of the cheese mixture in the palm of one hand and in it roll a grape, shaping the mixture around the grape to coat. Cover the remaining grapes and chill on a sheet pan for 15 minutes. Roll the cheesecoated grapes in the walnut mixture to cover completely and chill for 30 minutes or until coating is firm. Using a sharp knife cut grapes into halves., ingredients: [23 cup finely chopped walnuts, 6 ounces crumbled Cabrales Spanish blue cheese, Roquefort or Gorgonzola may be substituted, 4 ounces cream cheese, 20 loose seedless red grapes about 14 pound with stems], title: Walnut and Blue CheeseCoated Grapes, picturelink: null}, 39217: {instructions: Combine the flour, salt and sugar in the bowl of a food processor and process a few seconds to mix. Quarter the stick butter lengthwise and cut into 8 or 9 pieces. Scatter the cubes of butter evenly over the flour. Pulse the machine until the butter pieces are about the size of lentils.nPlace the lightly beaten egg in a 14 cup measure and fill to the top with ice water. Put half the liquid in the bottom of a bowl. Turn the flourbutter mixture onto it and pour the remaining liquid evenly over the top. Using a large rubber spatula, fold the mixture until its evenly moistened. Squeeze it it should hold together. If not, sprinkle in a little more water and gently mix.nTurn the mixture out on the table and quickly frisage: Using the palm of your hand, push sections of the dough away from you against the table. Gather the dough together and frisage any portions that were missed. Form the mass into whatever shape you will be rolling out i.e., disk for round, cylinder for rectangle, and wrap in plastic wrap. Chill for at least 30 minutes or up to 3 days. Dough can be frozen for up to 3 months., ingredients: [1 14 cups flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cold, 1 egg, lightly beaten plus ice water to equal 14 cup], title: Pate Sucree, picturelink: null}, 39218: {instructions: To prepare the croustade:nSlice the apples into thin wedges. To a hot saute pan, add 2 tablespoons of the butter and immediately add the apples. Saute over high heat while tossing the apples, cooking until the apples begin to soften and brown on the edges, approximately 3 minutes. Add 1 12 tablespoons of the chopped herbs and season with salt and pepper continue to cook for 30 seconds. Remove the apples from the heat and let them cool for 10 to 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nLay out the pie dough disks and evenly spread 2 tablespoons of the grated cheddar on each. Place approximately 3 to 4 tablespoons of the apple mixture in the center of each pie dough disk. To form the croustade work from the outside in, folding in 2inch pleats and continue around until the folds meet each other. The croustade should have an accordion look with a hole in the center it should look like a small volcano.nEither set aside and keep refrigerated until ready to bake, or bake in a 450 degree F oven for 8 to 10 minutes until evenly golden brown. Keep warm until ready to use.nTo prepare the quail:nSlice the fennel very thinly. Heat a saute pan over high heat, add 2 tablespoons of butter, and then add the fennel and saute for 3 to 4 minutes until the fennel starts to become tender and translucent. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let cool for 10 minutes.nCarefully open the breast cavity of each quail and fill the cavity with approximately 1 tablespoon of the sauteed fennel. Do not overstuff the quail, as they will shrink when cooking.nPlace the quail in a bowl or shallow container. Add 1 12 cups of the red wine, the remaining 12 tablespoon of chopped herbs, 12 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Gently toss the quail to evenly disperse the herbs, salt and pepper. Marinate the quail in the refrigerator, covered, for at least 3 hours and up to 12 hours.nIn a separate bowl, combine the blueberries and the remaining 12 cup of wine and let sit for 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRemove the quail from the marinade and drain off the excess liquid, discarding the remaining marinade. To a large ovensafe saute pan over high heat, add enough vegetable oil to evenly coat the pan about 2 tablespoons. Place the quail, breastside down, in the pan and cook for 2 minutes or until evenly browned. Turn the quail over and cook for 1 minute on the other side, or until browned. Place the saute pan in the oven and roast for 8 to 10 minutes, or until fully cooked through.nRemove the quail from the pan and immediately add the wine and blueberry mixture. Return the pan to the stovetop and cook over high heat for 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock. Season with salt and pepper and add a healthy pinch of the herb blend. Continue to cook for 2 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons of butter and remove from the heat. Whisk the sauce until the butter is incorporated.nPlace a warm croustade on each plate. Split the quail down the middle and arrange around the croustade. Drizzle the sauce on and around the quail and evenly distribute the blueberries. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 MacIntosh apples, peeled and cored, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 12 tablespoons, plus 12 tablespoon, plus pinch finely chopped fresh herb mix recommended: a blend of sage, thyme, and rosemary, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 disks premade pie dough, each 6inches in diameter, 1 cup grated extrasharp cheddar cheese, divided, 1 cup fresh fennel, thinly sliced, 6 boned quail, breast bones removed, 1 12 cups plus 12 cup red wine, 3 tablespoons dried blueberries, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Roasted Quail with Savory Apple and Cheddar Croustade, picturelink: tzqsVwD.ook1ZnJedUuCJ3Qn47EExi}, 39219: {instructions: Line a muffin tin with cupcake papers. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sift the already sifted cake flour with the baking soda, baking powder and salt. Cream the butter in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment until soft, then add the sugar and mix. Add the yolk, the egg and the vanilla and whip at mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy. With the mixer running at low speed, add a third of the flour mixture and mix. Then add half of the sour cream and mix. Add another third of the flour and mix. Add the remaining sour cream and mix, then the remaining flour. Give it one last mix to make sure everything is blended in. Pour the batter into the muffin cups, filling them 34 full. Bake until firm to the touch in the center, 20 to 25 minutes. Set the pan on a wire rack and let cool.nWhite Frosting: Over medium heat, cook the flour and milk until thickened. Let cool. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream together the butter, sugar and vanilla until light and fluffy. Beat in the flour mixture.nTo make the butterflies, spread a thick layer of rainbow sprinkles on a plate. Cut off the top rounded cap like the cap of a mushroom or a muffin of each cupcake. Spread the flat top of each beheaded cupcake with frosting. Cut a V shape wedges out of the center of each cap, creating 2 semicircles that will serve as the butterfly wings. Spread the flat cut side of the 2 semicircles with frosting, then dip in rainbow sprinkles to coat. Place the 2 wings on top of each cupcake, sprinkles side up, so that the curved sides meet in the middle.nLay 3 strands of red licorice down the center of each one to make the body. Use two pieces of black licorice to make the antennae. Pipe 2 black dots for the eyes, placing one white sprinkle in the center of each eye., ingredients: [1 14 cups sifted cake flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cool unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 egg yolk, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup sour cream, Rainbow sprinkles, White frosting, see recipe below, 36 2inch lengths red licorice whips, 12 1 12inch lengths black licorice whips, cut in thin tapered strips, 1 tube black icing the supermarket kind with a small writing tip, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 cup milk, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Butterfly Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 39220: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice the top off of the head of garlic lay it on some aluminum foil and drizzle with olive oil, and a pinch black pepper. Seal the aluminum foil over the garlic and roast for 40 minutes.nIn a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the peppers and scallions to the pan, coat with salt, paprika, and cumin. Saute for 8 minutes. Pour in the handcrushed tomatoes, brown sugar, sea salt, and freshly ground pepper. Let simmer for 20 minutes. Peel 8 cloves of roasted garlic and crush with a fork. Add the garlic, chick peas, lemon zest, mint, and parsley to the stew. Stir and heat through. Ladle stew into big bowls and serve with toasted wholewheat pita wedges., ingredients: [1 whole head garlic, unpeeled, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Pinch freshly ground black pepper and sea salt, 2 sweet red bell peppers, seeded and julienned, 1 red finger hot chile pepper, seeded and minced, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon cumin, Pinch sea salt, 2 28ounce or 796 ml cans whole, peeled, organic tomatoes, hand crushed, Pinch brown sugar, 3 cups canned chick peas, rinsed and drained, Zest of 1 lemon, 10 large fresh mint leaves, stacked, rolled up and sliced into ribbons chiffonade, Handful fresh parsley, leaves picked and minced, Wholewheat pitas, cut into wedges and toasted, for serving], title: Mediterranean Chick Pea Stew, picturelink: null}, 39221: {instructions: 1.Place chicken in large resealable plastic bag or glass dish. Add u00bd cup of the marinade turn to coat well.n2.Refrigerate 30 minutes or longer for extra flavor. Remove chicken from marinade. Discard any remaining marinade. Alternately thread chicken, vegetables and pineapple onto 8 skewers.n3.Grill kabobs over medium heat 10 to 15 minutes or until chicken is cooked through and vegetables are tender, turning occasionally and brushing with remaining u00bc cup marinade., ingredients: [1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch cubes, u00be cup Lawrysu00ae Teriyaki Marinade with Pineapple Juice, divided, 2 zucchini, cut in u00bdinch cubes, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 green bell pepper, 1 can 8 ounces pineapple slices, drained and cut into 1inch pieces], title: Teriyaki Chicken Kabobs, picturelink: YfzGatz8ipwDjKtUW2Bb4WVhOZJYIi}, 39222: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes in a mediumsize pot and cover them with enough water to extend 2 inches above the surface of the potatoes. Salt the water and bring to boil over mediumhigh heat. Continue cooking until potatoes are tender when pierced with a fork, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and slice into 14inch rounds.nCook the bacon in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once crisp, place on a paper towellined plate and crumble into small pieces. Pour off the rendered fat, reserving 14 cup in the pan. Turn the heat to medium and add the onion. Cook until translucent and just beginning to brown, about 4 to 5 minutes.nWhisk in the vinegar, sugar, mustard, and salt and stir until thick and bubbly. Add the sliced, cooked potatoes and toss to coat. Top with the crumbled bacon and garnish with the chives. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 12 pound thickcut bacon, 34 cup finely chopped onion, 13 cup white vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons minced chives, for garnish], title: German Potato Salad, picturelink: 6ISHY6Pyw.zinIi1zdXEhF6wTjdMqSa}, 39223: {instructions: Special equipment: Special equipment: 40 toothpicksnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet withnfoil or parchment.nIn a large bowl, stir and break down the cream cheese untilnsmooth. Add the scallions and apples, plus as much salt and freshly groundnblack pepper as you like.nDon a pair of plastic gloves so you dont burn your fingersnor your eyes like I did. Slice each jalapeno in half lengthwise, and thenneither slice out the membranes or use a measuring spoon to scoop them out.nDiscard the seeds.nEither using a teaspoon or a small icing spatula, fill eachnjalapeno half with the cream cheese mixture fill until just over the rim ofnthe jalapeno. Wrap each pepper with a bacon half and secure with a toothpick.nLine up the pop ems on the prepared baking sheet and pop into the oven untilnbacon has browned on the bottom, about 30 minutes. Allow to cool for about 5nminutes which will be as long as you can resist them. Enjoy with a cold beernAaah, ingredients: [One 8ounce package light cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 large scallions, roots sliced off, green and white partsminced finely, 1 large Granny Smith apple, cored and minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 20 jalapenos, 20 strips thinsliced bacon, chopped in half], title: BaconAppleJalapeno Pop Ems, picturelink: n99ihsXM4LstgCIFyc8qrRTZ0cv8NK}, 39224: {instructions: Make dressing: Force chutney through a sieve into a bowl and whisk in lime juice, oil, cayenne, and salt to taste. Dressing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring dressing to room temperature before using.nMake marinade: In a large nonstick skillet dryroast paprika, cumin and coriander seeds over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant and several shades darker, about 2 minutes, being careful not to burn them, and transfer to a bowl. Cool spices and stir in remaining marinade ingredients and salt and pepper to taste.nPat shrimp dry and add to marinade, stirring to coat well. Marinate shrimp at room temperature 15 minutes. Alternatively, shrimp may be marinated, covered and chilled, up to 1 day. In a large nonstick skillet heat pan with oil over moderate heat but not smoking. Saute shrimp in batches turning once until golden and cooked through, 34 minutes.nTransfer shrimp with tongs to paper towels to drain and cool slightly. In a large bowl gently toss together shrimp, watercress, coriander, bell pepper, mangoes and dressing., ingredients: [12 cup Major Greys chutney, 23 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander seeds, 4 garlic cloves, crushed, A 1inch piece fresh gingerroot, peeled and chopped, 2 fresh serrano or jalapeno chilies, seeded and chopped wear rubber gloves, 34 cup plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lime zest about 1 lime, 2 pounds medium shrimp about 50, shelled and deveined, 14 cup vegetable oil for frying, 6 cups packed tender watercress sprigs, washed well and spun dry, 1 cup fresh coriander sprigs, washed well and spun dry, 3 red bell peppers, cut into julienne strips, 2 firmripe mangoes, peeled and cut into julienne strips], title: Tandoori Shrimp and Mango Salad, picturelink: null}, 39225: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Sprinkle the salmon with olive oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Wrap the salmon in foil and bake for approximately 15 minutes per pound., ingredients: [1 whole salmon side 2 to 3 pounds, Olive oil, 1 lemon, Salt and pepper], title: Saras Baked Side of Salmon, picturelink: null}, 39226: {instructions: Split 6 portobello mushroom caps to make 12 thin rounds. Toss 1 14 cups shredded muenster cheese, 13 cup breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 grated garlic clove, and salt and pepper. Layer the portobello rounds and cheese mixture in a baking dish, making 3 layers of each. Drizzle with 3 tablespoons water, cover with foil and bake at 400 degrees F, 35 minutes. Uncover and bake 8 more minutes.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Portobello Gratin, picturelink: sTyxLPG3frRRVyprnbasjzp5FQBeXvG}, 39227: {instructions: Begin by preheating an oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the bread into 14inch thick slices, cutting the boule in half first. Lightly brush each piece of bread with olive oil, on both sides, before placing onto a cookie sheet and toasting lightly in the oven. Toast both sides evenly, turning halfway through. Remove from the oven and rub each piece of toast or bruschetta with the garlic, to flavor the bread. Place the bruschetti near the oven to keep warm while you make the livers.nHeat the remaining olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the cleaned livers to the pan and sear over high heat. Try not to shake the pan too much, but rather allow the livers to caramelize and brown before turning to cook the second side. Cook the livers in batches if necessary, as overcrowding the skillet will result in steamed, and not seared, livers. As the liver is turned on the other side to brown, add the shallots and cook for 2 minutes, being careful not to burn the shallots. Season with salt and pepper, tasting as you go. Add the sugar to the pan and coat the livers evenly, before adding the vinegar carefully, to avoid splattering of the caramelized sugar. Turn the heat down slightly so that the vinegar will reduce to a glossy glaze. Serve the livers immediately on the toasted bruschetti., ingredients: [1 large loaf bread, either a round country boule or baguette style, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 pounds fresh duck livers, cleaned of any green bile fresh chicken livers may be substituted, 3 tablespoons finely diced shallots, 4 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Fresh Duck Liver Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 39228: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the spices and mix well. Rub the chicken evenly with the spice mixture and place on a baking sheet. Place in the oven and cook for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Remove to cool.nWhile chicken is cooling, unfold the filo, stacking the layers so the ends are aligned, and cut into 6inch wide strips the length of the dough. Cover with a damp towel until ready to use.nOnce chicken is cool enough to handle, make a small slit in the leg and add about 1 to 2 teaspoons of the mustard. Working with 1 sheet of filo at a time, lightly brush with butter, top with another sheet, and lightly brush with butter again. Repeat so there are 3 to 4 layers of filo evenly stacked on top of one another. Roll 1 leg inside the stacked and brushed filo, leaving the bone end of the drumstick exposed. Brush lightly with butter and repeat with remaining filo and drumsticks.nReturn to the oven and bake until golden and crispy, 20 to 30 minutes.nServe immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon chile powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 3 pounds chicken drumsticks, 1 package filo dough, thawed, 3 tablespoons honey Dijon mustard, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted], title: Drumsticks en Croute, picturelink: tmwasAac8ixtXCSaPkFewBaLYfXq8r6}, 39229: {instructions: Special equipment: fondue setnMelt the butter in a saucepot over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook 1 minute. Add the flour and cocoa powder and cook 2 minutes. Whisk in the broth and wine and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the Worcestershire sauce, chocolate, cayenne and salt and pepper to taste and simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes, making sure to stir occasionally.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the beef with salt and pepper and cook until browned on all side but still mediumrare in the middle, about 6 minutes. Removes to a plate, cover with foil and let rest 5 minutes.nTo serve, pour the sauce into a fondue pot. Arrange the beef, potatoes and cheese onto a platter and serve., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, finely diced, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons cocoa powder, 3 cups beef broth, 1 cup red wine, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup chopped unsweetened chocolate, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound beef sirloin, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pound red potatoes, cut into 1inch chunks and cooked until slightly tender, 1 pound Cheddar, cut into cubes], title: Savory Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: zmqpQWD0VXcd6.IzUSEyYWxiviFCcvS}, 39230: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nCoarsely chop potatoes and transfer to a nonstick cookie sheet. Toss with oil, peppers, onions and seasonings and place in the oven 25 minutes, turning twice with spatula. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 12 pounds red skinned potatoes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning recommended: McCormicks Montreal Steak Seasoning, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika], title: Oven Home Fries with Peppers and Onions, picturelink: 9M8CLNh6AS.PayE.EV0qlm1VZC774N2}, 39231: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Generously butter a 9by13inch rectangular baking dish.nPlace half the diced bread in the baking dish, and then sprinkle on half the diced apples, half the brown sugar and half the butter. Repeat with another layer of bread, apples, brown sugar and butter. End by sprinkling 12 cup water all over the surface, a spoonful at a time.nBake, covered in foil, until the apples are tender, about 45 minutes. Remove the foil and bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes to brown., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 sticks salted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for greasing, 8 slices hearty wheat bread, diced, 3 apples, preferably Granny Smith, peeled, cored and diced, 1 12 packed cups brown sugar, plus more if needed], title: Apple Brown Betty, picturelink: null}, 39232: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nChop the hazelnuts and place them on a sheet pan. Roast them in the oven for 10 minutes. If the hazelnuts have skin on them, roast them for 25 minutes. Set aside to cool.nChop the chocolates finely and place in a bowl.nHeat the cream in a small saucepan until it boils. Immediately pour the hot cream through a finemeshed sieve into the bowl with the chocolates. With a wire whisk, slowly stir the cream and chocolates together until the chocolate is completely melted. If the chocolate doesnt melt completely, place the bowl over a pan of simmering water and stir for a few minutes just until it melts. Whisk in the hazelnut liqueur, coffee, and vanilla. Cover and chill for 45 minutes to 1 hour until pliable but firm enough to scoop.nWith 2 teaspoons or a 1 14inch ice cream scoop, make dollops of the chocolate mixture and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Refrigerate for about 15 minutes, until firm enough to roll into rough spheres. Roll the chocolate in the chopped hazelnuts and chill again. Truffles are best when theyre allowed to set overnight in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 cup hazelnuts, 3 12 ounces good bittersweet chocolate, 3 12 ounces good semisweet chocolate, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 12 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur recommended: Frangelico, 1 tablespoon prepared coffee, 12 teaspoon good vanilla extract], title: Hazelnut Truffles, picturelink: UPHo5Yhb4ZeVSjHXgHfhczVvCooxuHi}, 39233: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat, and add a handful of salt. Drop the pasta into the boiling water and stir to keep it from clumping together and cook until al dente. Drain and set aside.nHeat a large heavy skillet over mediumlow heat, add the pancetta and cook until crispy, about 10 minutes. Remove the pancetta from the pan and drain on a paper towel. Drain fat from pan.nAdd 3 tablespoons olive oil to pan over medium heat, add garlic, shallots, red pepper flakes and cook for 1 minute. Then add clams, white wine, tomato sauce and thyme to the pan and cook, covered, for 3 to 5 minutes or until clams have opened. Season the shrimp, calamari, and the scallops with salt and pepper and raise the heat to mediumhigh. Add the seafood and cook until the shrimp just starts to turn pink and the squid and scallops become opaque, 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the pasta into the pan and toss until coated with the sauce. Transfer the pasta and shell fish to a large serving platter and garnish with the basil, parsley, pancetta, and coarsely ground black pepper. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and serve immediately., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound bucatini, 1 cup pancetta, diced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 6 cloves garlic, sliced thin, 1 shallot, diced, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 16 Manila clams, scrubbed, 12 bottle dry white wine, 12 to 16 ounces tomato sauce, 1 sprig thyme, leaves chopped, 1 pound 1620 shrimp, peeled and deveined, tail on, 12 pound calamari, cleaned and cut into rings, 12 pound large bay scallops, cleaned, patted dry, Coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Bucatini a La Surf and Surf, picturelink: null}, 39234: {instructions: Special equipment: 9inch glass or ceramic pie pannPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. For the pan: Brush pan with the soft butter and sprinkle the grated Parmesan evenly on top. Or for a Quick Crust, pulse bread into crumbs in a food processor. Heat butter or oil in a large skillet over medium heat add bread crumbs and stir until evenly toasted, about 5 minutes. Evenly spread crumbs in a 9inch glass or ceramic pie pan. Place pan on a baking sheet.nWhisk the halfandhalf, eggs and yolks in large glass measuring cup. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, cayenne or paprika to taste. Spread half the desired filling evenly in the pan, top with about half the cheese repeat with remaining filling and cheese. Pour the custard over the fillings. Top with more herbs or cheese as desired.nBake until the quiche is just set in the center, about 40 to 50 minutes. Cool completely on a rack before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan cheese, 1 12 cups 1inch, dayold bread cubes, preferably sourdough, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter or extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch cayenne or paprika, 2 to 3 cups prepared vegetables, such as braised leeks, broccoli, sauteed onions, mushrooms, spinach, peppers, tomatoes, 4 ounces, or about 1 cup grated or crumbled cheese, such as Cheddar, goat cheese, Gruyere, Parmesan, fontina, provolone, mozzarella, Gouda, solo or combined, 1 to 4 tablespoons minced herbs, such as parsley, chives, tarragon, basil, dill, rosemary, marjoram, 34 cup chopped crisp bacon, diced ham or salami, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, optional, this is good to use with vegetables that release liquid during cooking, such as zucchini and spinach], title: Crustless Quiche Master Recipe, picturelink: null}, 39235: {instructions: In batches, combine 12 cups water, the lemon juice, sugar, jalapeno, watermelon and mint, if using, in a blender. Blend to a puree.nAllow the puree to steep for 10 minutes before straining it through a fine mesh sieve. Chill well.nServe chilled, with ice and a lemon slice floating at the top., ingredients: [2 12 cups lemon juice, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 jalapeno, seeded, deveined and chopped, 12 seedless watermelon, chopped, 16 fresh mint leaves, optional, Ice, Lemon slices, for serving], title: Watermelon Jalapeno Lemonade, picturelink: RdViClK7zjm1PEoTSUbrmzmk50BE.Oy}, 39236: {instructions: To make the chili, bring a large pot sprayed with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove. Add all of the ingredients  including the reserved tomato juice  except the macaroni, cheese, and optional spice. Stir thoroughly. Cover and cook until the veggies are tender, about 15 minutes, occasionally removing the lid to stir.nMeanwhile, in another large pot, prepare the macaroni according to the package instructions. Drain and set aside.nOnce both are cooked, add the drained pasta to the pot of chili. Mix thoroughly. If you like, season with cayenne pepper, additional chili powder, and additional cumin, to taste. Evenly top each serving with 1 tablespoon of cheese and enjoy, ingredients: [1 14.5ounce can stewed tomatoes, roughly chopped, juice reserved, 1 cup canned red kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup frozen groundbeefstyle soy crumbles, 1 onion, chopped, 1 red or green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 cup chopped portabella mushrooms, 13 cup tomato paste, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 5 ounces about 1 14 cups uncooked elbow macaroni with at least 2g fiber per 2ounce serving, 14 cup shredded fatfree Cheddar cheese, Cayenne pepper, optional], title: Funkadelic Chili Mac, picturelink: JWePnMw970GQuHMNsMQ1yWGmrXcSLoS}, 39237: {instructions: Position oven rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 350F. Place shallots, garlic and thyme sprigs in a small ovenproof baking dish and drizzle with olive oil. Cover dish with foil and bake until shallots are very tender but not brown, about one hour. Uncover and cool 30 minutes.nPlace garlic, half of shallots and oil in work bowl of a food processor. Add chopped thyme, mustard, salt and pepper. Process until almost smooth. Transfer paste to a small bowl. Shallot paste can be covered with plastic wrap and refrigerated for up to four days.nRinse turkey inside and out with cold running water and pat dry. Starting at the neck end, carefully slide your hand between the turkeys skin and breast to loosen skin. Spread a half cup of shallot paste under skin and over breast meat. Tuck wings underneath the body of the turkey and tie legs together loosely with kitchen twine or dental floss so the turkey will hold its shape. Place turkey on a small wire rack set inside a large roasting pan. Spread a half cup of shallot paste all over the outside of the turkey neck, gizzard and heart and place onion, celery and thyme sprigs in the pan around turkey.nBring a cup of the wine and two cups of the broth to a boil in a medium saucepan. Pour boiling liquid into bottom of roasting pan. Cover breast loosely with foil and place turkey in oven. Roast for one and a half hours. Add a cup of the broth and a cup of wine to the pan and roast turkey another 30 minutes. Remove foil and add a cup broth to pan.nContinue roasting until an instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the thigh registers 175 degrees F, another one to one and a half hours. During roasting, cover exposed parts of turkey with foil as needed to prevent overbrowning and add more broth if pan juices evaporate.nRemove turkey from oven and transfer to a platter. Tent turkey loosely with foil and let rest 30 minutes  its internal temperature will rise another 510 degrees. Reserving drippings and discard neck, gizzard and heart. Place turkey on a serving platter, carve and serve with gravy., ingredients: [24 shallots, peeled and quartered, 8 garlic cloves, peeled, 6 Tbs. olive oil, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 Tbs. finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 Tbs. Dijon mustard, 12 tsp. kosher salt, 12 tsp. freshly ground black pepper, 1516 lb. turkey reserve neck, gizzard and heart, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 2 celery stalks, coarsely chopped, 2 sprigs fresh thyme], title: Shallot and ThymeRubbed Roasted Turkey, picturelink: null}, 39238: {instructions: Line a 9inch 23cm round cake pan with parchment paper and set aside. Position the oven rack to just below the center of the oven so that when the cake is in the oven it will be central. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F 150 degrees C.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, cream together the butter, sugar, and molasses until the mixture is light and fluffy and pale in color. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, adding 1 tablespoon of flour along with each egg, to help prevent the mixture from curdling. Add 6 eggs and then check the consistency of the batter it should be a dropping consistency, which means that if you lift a spoonful of the mixture out of the bowl and turn the spoon over, the mixture should drop off the spoon in 2 to 3 seconds. Add more eggs, 1 at a time, until the batter reaches a dropping consistency is reached.nIn a separate large bowl, mix the remaining flour with all of the remaining ingredients, except the brandy. Add the flour mixture to the creamed mixture and beat until just incorporated. Spoon batter into the prepared cake tin, and level the surface. Bake in the center of the oven for 3 to 3 12 hours. As cooking times can vary considerably in different ovens, check the cake regularly, covering the top with a sheet of parchment if the cake starts to brown too quickly begin checking for doneness after 1 12 hours. To test if the cake is cooked, insert a skewer and then remove it if it comes out clean then the cake is cooked otherwise bake for a little longer. Also listen to the cake if you can still hear it bubbling then it isnt cooked through.nRemove the cake from the oven and let it cool in the pan for about 30 minutes. Then spoon the brandy on top. Set aside until completely cooled. Remove the cake from the pan and then wrap it in parchment paper and then aluminum foil before storing it in a cool, dry place.nThe cake may be eaten immediately but is best left about a month before decorating so that it has time to mature., ingredients: [10 ounces 300g butter, softened, 10 ounces 300g soft dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon molasses, 6 large eggs, plus 1 to 2 more as needed, 12 ounces 350g allpurpose flour, 1pound 500g currants, 8 ounces 250g sultanas, 8 ounces 250g raisins, 4 ounces 125g glace cherries, quartered, 4 ounces 125g ground almonds, 3 ounces 90g chopped mixed candied orange and lemon peel, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 4 tablespoons brandy], title: Sues Fruit Cake, picturelink: null}, 39239: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd the potatoes to a pot and cover with 6 cups water. Season well with salt. Bring to a rolling boil over high heat and cook the potatoes until easily pierced with the tip of a sharp knife, about 9 minutes. Drain and cool, about 10 minutes. Peel and set aside.nCombine the granulated garlic, 4 teaspoons salt, the black pepper, cumin, cinnamon, fenugreek, turmeric and nutmeg in a small mixing bowl. Set aside.nOnce cooled, crush the potatoes gently the texture should be course and crumbly. Place into a bowl.nThoroughly combine the egg, scallions, 14 cup of the flour and the spice mix in a bowl. Add to the potatoes and stir to combine. Season the remaining flour with 1 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Form the potatoes into 2 12ounce patties. Sprinkle the tops and bottoms with the seasoned flour.nSet a large nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat and add 3 tablespoons oil. Once hot, fry the patties, in batches if necessary, on the first side until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Flip and place into the oven until crispy on both sides and hot through, another 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool slightly.nTo serve, arrange the patties on a serving dish. Garnish with cilantro and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 12 pounds russet potatoes about 2 large, Kosher salt, 2 12 tablespoons granulated garlic, 3 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon fenugreek, 18 teaspoon turmeric, 5 grinds nutmeg, freshly grated on a zester, 1 large egg, 3 scallions, sliced, 13 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, Canola oil, for frying, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Middle Eastern Spiced Potato Cakes, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 39240: {instructions: Simmer onions and garlic sauce for one hour. Add other ingredients. Cool then add breadcrumbs until texture desired.nThis Texas sauce is especially good on hot dogs topped with hot peppers, hot relish, and a creamy cheddar sauce but it can also be served with burgers or on its own as a sloppy joe variation., ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground beef, 12 onion, 34 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 12 ounce tomato paste, 8 cups water, 3 12 teaspoon paprika, 6 teaspoon chili powder], title: Texas Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39241: {instructions: Coat the insert of a slow cooker with nonstick spray. Line the insert with aluminum foil for easy removal, letting some foil overhang for handles. Meanwhile, in a large mixing bowl, whisk together the whole milk, sweetened condensed milk, evaporated milk, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, salt and egg yolks. Toss in the cubed bread and the almonds and mix to coat all the bread. Add the mixture to the slow cooker, cover and cook on low until the center of the bread pudding is set, about 4 hours. Remove the lid and cool. Use the foil handles to lift the bread pudding from the slow cooker. Drizzle individual servings with Cinnamon Sugar Sauce and top with freshly whipped cream.nIn a heavybottomed saucepan, combine the sugar, butter, buttermilk, corn syrup, vanilla and cinnamon and salt and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Remove from the heat and slowly add the baking soda. At first the sauce will bubble up, just keep stirring. Sauce will thicken as it cools. Cooks Note: This syrup is a great addition to pancakes, waffles or any dessert., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 2 14 cups whole milk, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 9 large egg yolks, 1 loaf challah bread, cut or torn into 1inch pieces stale is best, 34 cup slivered almonds, toasted, Cinnamon Sugar Sauce, recipe follows, Freshly whipped cream, for serving, 34 cup sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda], title: Tres Leches Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 39242: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, boil 12 cup of the port wine and the sugar for 3 minutes to cook off some of the alcohol.nIn the meantime, in a small bowl, whisk together the remaining 14 cup port, vanilla, and cornstarch. Add it to the pot and cook until clear, about 3 more minutes. Add 1 pint of the blueberries and continue to cook until the sauce thickens and the blueberries soften. Let cool and add the other blueberries. Serve with a healthy dollop of sour cream., ingredients: [12 cup port wine, plus 14 cup, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 pints blueberries, 1 sour cream], title: Blueberries and Sour Cream, picturelink: null}, 39243: {instructions: Place the 12 bread slices on the workspace. Onto 6 slices, place the Gruyere cheese and on the other 6 slices, place the smoked salmon. Sprinkle the salmon slices with lemon zest, the Gruyere slices with chives. Place 1 ounce of caviar on the salmon and close the sandwiches and butter the outsides. Preheat a sautepan over medium heat. Add the sandwiches to the pan with the Gruyere side down and saute for 2 minutes. Raise the heat to high, turn them over and saute for 1 minute on the salmon side. Make a vinaigrette by combining the mustard, lemon juice and olive oil. Toss the salad in the dressing to coat and season with salt and pepper. To serve, slice the croque monsieurs on the diagonal, then on the diagonal again and place alongside the salad on a plate., ingredients: [12 slices pullman bread, 14inch thick, 6 ounces Gruyere cheese, sliced 18inch thick, 12 ounces sliced smoked salmon, 1 tablespoon blanched lemon zest, 1 tablespoon sliced chives, 6 ounces osetra caviar optional, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 cup olive oil, 3 cups baby watercress salad, Fine sea salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Croque Monsieur with Caviar and Baby Watercress Salad, picturelink: null}, 39244: {instructions: For the sauce: In a saucepan set over medium heat cook the wine and shallots until the liquid reduces by half. Add the cream and simmer until the sauce thickens. Remove from the heat.nPlace the kalamata olives, oilcured olives, basil, lemon juice, olive oil, anchovy paste and garlic in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until just smooth, but still a little chunky.nCombine the cream sauce and olive sauce.nFor the mussels: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil.nMeanwhile, in a separate pot, cook the garlic in the olive oil until just brown. Add the paprika and pepper flakes. Add the mussels. Add the wine and cook to reduce by half. Add the lemon juice, then cover and cook until the mussels open. Throw away any mussels that dont open. Reserve the mussels and cooking liquid for later use.nWhile the mussels cook, boil the pasta to al dente. Drain the pasta, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Stir in the butter, parsley and oregano. Toss the spaghetti with the olive sauce, and then spoon some mussels on top with some of the cooking liquid and serve., ingredients: [12 cup white wine or chicken broth, 1 small shallot, chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, 12 cup pitted oilcured olives, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 2 cloves garlic, Salt, 1 pound spaghetti, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Pinch smoked paprika, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 pound mussels, cleaned, 12 cup white wine or chicken broth, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano], title: Spaghetti with Garlic Mussels in Black Olive Sauce, picturelink: X8apVNycnNoYG5gDkgZKgHpHjnQmD7S}, 39245: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPeel and wash the potatoes and slice them really thinly using a plastic mandoline.nGenerously butter a 12inch ovenproof baking or gratin dish about 2 12 to 3quarts.nIn a small saucepan, bring the halfandhalf, garlic cloves and herbes de Provence to a simmer. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Remove the garlic cloves. Set aside.nArrange the potatoes in an overlapping layer on the bottom of the dish. Season the layer generously with salt and pepper. Scatter lightly with some of the grated cheese. Make another potato and cheese layer, finishing with a most generous cheesing.nPress the layers down gently. Pour the halfandhalf mixture over the potato layers and fill the dish up to the top of the potatoes. Cover the dish loosely with foil so it is not touching the cheese on top and bake 30 minutes, uncover and bake another 10 to 15 minutes until the cheese is bubbly and nicely browned.nLet cool for 20 to 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 pounds russet Idaho potatoes, peeled, 1 tablespoon butter, softened, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 to 3 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups grated Gruyere, packed], title: Herbes de Provence Potato Gratin, picturelink: GIMDW0iQLnoVFu9Su.p0h9v846nbuZi}, 39246: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Beat the egg whites and salt in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until frothy use the whisk attachment if using a stand mixer. Add the cream of tartar increase the speed to medium high and add the superfine sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean into the meringue or add the extract and continue beating until the sugar is dissolved and the meringue is thick, glossy and forms stiff peaks, about 6 minutes.nFit a piping bag with a large star tip. Fill the bag with the meringue and pipe spirals on the prepared baking sheets, about 1 inch apart. Sprinkle with the coarse sugar.nBake 1 hour, then turn off the oven and let the meringues stand in the oven until dry, about 2 hours. Store in an airtight container up to 1 week.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [3 large egg whites, at room temperature, Pinch of salt, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 34 cup superfine sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise or use 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Coarse sugar crystals andor silver nonpareils, for sprinkling], title: Meringue Swirls, picturelink: OSF9ayg900LjBbsnXCOKz3zar2fxA.}, 39247: {instructions: For the cocktail: In a blender, puree the lychees with 14 cup of the reserved syrup until smooth. Freeze for about 1 hour to chill.nFor the blood drip glasses: On a plate, mix the corn syrup and food coloring until fully combined. Dip 4 coupe glasses a couple times in the corn syrup mixture, swirling to cover the rims. Turn the glasses rightside up, let the syrup drip down the sides and then set on wax paper to dry, about 5 minutes.nFor the lychee eyeballs: Insert a blueberry into the hole of the 4 reserved lychees.nFinish the cocktail: Add 3 tablespoons of the chilled lychee puree to each of the blood drip glasses. Fill to the top with ginger beer and a splash of lychee juice. Stir gently.nPlace lychee eyeball into each drink and serve., ingredients: [One 15ounce can lychees in syrup, drained, syrup reserved, 4 lychees set aside for eyeballs, 13 cup light corn syrup, 3 to 6 drops red food coloring, 4 blueberries, 18 ounces ginger beer, cold, 1 cup lychee juice, cold], title: Eyeballtini, picturelink: rGH63w9HREy.tWhGXGPjLPqWzeK4zH2}, 39248: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 48 mini muffin cups 2 large tins or 4 small with paper liners.nWhisk together the flour, cocoa and 14 teaspoon of the salt in a medium bowl. Beat together the oil and granulated sugar on mediumhigh speed with a hand mixer in a large bowl until well combined. Add the egg and beat until well blended. Beat in the food coloring and 12 teaspoon of the vanilla.nOn low speed, alternately add the flour mixture and buttermilk in thirds, beginning and ending with the flour, beating well after each addition. Whisk together the baking soda and vinegar in a small bowl, and then beat into the batter until fully incorporated.nUsing a small ice cream scoop sprayed with nonstick cooking spray, evenly divide the batter among the cupcake liners. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove the cupcakes from the tins and cool completely on a wire rack.nMeanwhile, beat the cream cheese in a large bowl until smooth and fluffy. Sift the confectioners sugar over the mixture and beat until smooth. Beat in the remaining 14 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon vanilla. Spread or pipe the frosting over the cooled cupcakes., ingredients: [1 12 cups white whole wheat flour, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup canola oil, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon red food coloring, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup lowfat 1percent buttermilk, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar, Nonstick cooking spray, for coating ice cream scoop, 8 ounces reducedfat cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar], title: Red Velvet Mini Cupcakes, picturelink: imOtt1I9zSFrePCoOOOvmAhWIqKuYGy}, 39249: {instructions: To prepare the ballotine: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Lay out the turkey breast on a flat surface with the skin side down. Pull the fillet the piece that is loosely attached to the center of the breast on the opposite side from the skin toward the middle of the breast so that it lays flat. Split open the large end of the turkey breast, while still keeping it attached to the rest of the breast, and lay next to the fillets. You should have a turkey breast that is roughly rectangular. Cover with plastic wrap and pound with a mallet until the surface is even and flat. Season the flattened breast with kosher salt and Szechuan peppercorns. Sprinkle the surface with the chopped herbs. Cover with the prosciutto. Starting with the end closest to you, roll tightly into a cylinder and tie every 2 inches with the butchers twine. Season trhe outside with Kosher salt and Szechuan peppercorns. Place in a roasting pan and bake for about 1 12 hours, or until an internal temperature of 140 degrees is reached.nTo preapre the roasted vegetables: Toss the onions, carrots, turnips, and parsnips in the oil and vinegar. After the ballotine has been cooking for 45 mintues, add the vegetables to the roasting pan. When the ballotine and vegetables are cooked, remove them from the oven. Let the turkey rest for 20 minutes, loosely covered with aluminum foil. To serve, remove the strings from the turkey scissors work best for this, slice, and serve with the roasted vegetables.nWine Notes To satisfy everyones taste, it is traditional to serve both red and white wine at the Wente family Thanksgiving dinner. More importantly, it is not necessarily the turkey that you are trying to pair with the wine. The other side dishes, gravies, and stuffing may have the stronger flavors and intensity with which the wines need to be paired. For a white wine, we usually serve a Sauvignon BlancSemillon blend or a fullbodied Chardonnayboth providing enough flavor and weight. We generally tend toward a light to mediumbodied red wine with nice acid, balanced tannins, and rich fruit, such as a Pinot Noir or Merlot. Whatever you choose, remember that there is no one right answer to a melting pot of traditions and flavors., ingredients: [1 boneless breast from a 10pound turkey about 6 pounds, Kosher salt and ground Szechuan peppercorns, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 very thin slices prosciutto, 2 red onions, peeled and quartered or 16 cipollini, if available, peeled and left whole, 4 carrots, peeled and cut in half lengthwise, 2 turnips, peeled and cut into sixths, 4 parsnips, peeled and cut in half lengthwise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar], title: Turkey Ballotine with Prosciutto, Sage, and Roasted Root Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 39250: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cobbler: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Using 1 tablespoon of the butter, grease a 9by13inch baking dish.nChop the remaining 2 tablespoons butter into 12inch cubes and set aside. In a separate bowl, add the flour, sugar, baking soda, salt and eggs. Mix together with a wire whisk until the dough just comes together.nAdd the blueberries and peaches to the greased baking dish. Drizzle the top with the lemon juice, sprinkle with the cinnamon and top with the remaining butter cubes. Drop the dough in large pieces onto the mixed fruit. Bake until the biscuits are just browned and the fruit is bubbling, 30 minutes.nFor the whipped cream: In a large, chilled stainless steel bowl, add the whipping cream, sugar, vanilla and cinnamon. Using an electric hand mixer, beat the cream for 1 minute on medium high. Place the bowl in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nTo serve the dessert, spoon some of the warm cobbler into a bowl, and top with a dollop of whipped cream., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup organic sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 4 cups blueberries, 4 peaches, skinned and chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons organic sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Freshly grated cinnamon], title: Berry Fruit Cobbler with Fresh Whipped Cream, picturelink: VQ2MwfNUNJpMqRqotkkowufPfVtJYe}, 39251: {instructions: Special equipment: an ice cream machine and an instantread thermometernFor the butterscotch ice cream base: Combine the butter and 5 tablespoons brown sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring frequently with a heatproof rubber spatula, until the mixture is thick and bubbly and darkens slightly in color. Carefully and slowly, pour in the milk and cream. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and cook, stirring occasionally, until the caramel is dissolved and the mixture is scalding hot. Turn off the heat.nWhisk together the egg yolks, salt and remaining 5 tablespoons brown sugar in a bowl until well combined. Slowly ladle in about onethird of the hot milk mixture, whisking constantly. Pour the tempered yolk mixture back into the saucepan. Reduce the heat to medium low and heat slowly, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula or wooden spoon, until the custard reaches 175 degrees F and has thickened slightly. Do not allow to boil or the mixture will curdle. Set the pan into a larger container halffilled with ice and water and stir occasionally until completely chilled. Stir in the vanilla extract. If the custard is not totally smooth, strain through a finemesh strainer or blend until smooth with a handheld immersion blender.nProcess in an ice cream machine according to the manufacturers directions. Store in the freezer until firm, at least 4 hours.nFor the sorghum molasses cookies: Add the butter and granulated sugar to the bowl of a stand mixer or a large bowl, if using a handheld mixer. Using the paddle attachment for the stand mixer, beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl with a rubber spatula, and beat again for 20 seconds to ensure a homogenous mixture. Add the egg and beat until incorporated. Add the molasses and beat again until incorporated. Scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl with a rubber spatula, and beat again for 20 seconds.nCombine the flour blend, baking soda, cinnamon, chia seed, ginger, salt and nutmeg in a medium bowl with a whisk. Add the dry mixture to the stand mixer bowl and stir on low speed until the dry ingredients are moistened. Increase the speed to medium and beat until smooth, about 1 minute. Scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl with a rubber spatula, and beat again for 20 seconds. For easier shaping, chill the dough for several hours until firm.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F if using a convection oven, preheat to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Using a small ice cream scoop, shape 1ounce balls of dough 2 tablespoons in size and roll them lightly in turbinado sugar. Place on the prepared baking sheets 4 inches apart and flatten slightly with your hands to a 12inch thickness.nBake, rotating the pans once from front to back and from the bottom rack to the top rack during baking, until rich golden brown all over and puffed in the center, about 18 minutes. They will spread quite a bit and feel just set. Allow to cool completely, then freeze until ready to assemble the sandwiches.nTo assemble the sandwiches: Remove the ice cream from the freezer. If it is too firm to scoop easily, allow to soften for 5 to 10 minutes.nRemove the cookies from the freezer. Place 6 cookies facedown on a baking sheet. Top each cookie with a generous scoop of butterscotch ice cream, then top each with another cookie, faceup. Press down gently with the palm of your hand until the ice cream spreads to the edges of cookies. Place the sandwiches in the freezer until ready to serve.nFor the pineapple: Toss the pineapple with the brown sugar, rum, vanilla and salt in a medium bowl. Let marinate, stirring once or twice, until the sugar has dissolved and the pineapple releases its juices, 20 to 30 minutes. Drain the pineapple, reserving the marinade.nHeat a large castiron skillet over medium heat. When the pan is quite hot, add the butter and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. Add the pineapple to the pan, spreading the pieces out in a single layer and taking care not to crowd the pan. When the pan has recovered its heat, pour in the marinade and allow to reduce until thickened and bubbly. Turn over the pineapple pieces and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is all but evaporated and the pineapple is nicely browned all over. Remove the pineapple from the skillet.nTo serve: Cut each ice cream sandwich in half and plate with the warm, caramelized pineapple. Add a drizzle of caramel sauce and garnish with a bright edible flower and a sprinkle of powdered sugar. Enjoy, ingredients: [Butterscotch Ice Cream Base:, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1 14 cups whole milk, 34 cup heavy whipping cream, 5 large egg yolks, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Sorghum Molasses Cookies:, 11 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 14 cup sorghum molasses, 1 34 cups wholegrain glutenfree flour blend, 1 18 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground chia seed, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Turbinado or other coarse sugar, for coating, Caramelized Pineapple:, 12 small pineapple, peeled, cored and cut in 12inch dice, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons dark rum, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, Garnish:, Caramel sauce, for serving, Edible flowers, for serving, Powdered sugar, for serving], title: Butterscotch Ice Cream Sandwiches with Molasses Cookies and Caramelized Pineapple, picturelink: r7.AmJAwYvJFbHgI5ncCFtyCih9UGC}, 39252: {instructions: In a pitcher combine grapes, apples, and white wine. Let sit for 1 to 2 hours. Pour in the apple and pineapple juices. Add the ice cubes and serve., ingredients: [12 pound seedless green grapes, stems removed, 1  2 Red Delicious apples, cored and thinly sliced, 3 cups fruity white wine, 1 cup apple juice, 1 cup pineapple juice, 2 cups ice cubes], title: White Sangria, picturelink: null}, 39253: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the beets in a small roasting pan and pour in enough cold water to reach about 14 of the way up the sides of the beets. Cover the pan with foil, and roast the beets until they are tender, 2 hours to 2 hours and 15 minutes. To check for doneness, gently insert a bamboo skewer into a beet. The skewer should slide through easily. Remove the beets from the pan, allow to cool, and then peel.nCut each beet into 14inchthick round slices. Cut each slice with a 3inch round cookie cutter. You will need 10 rounds. Cut trimmings into 14inch dice and reserve 12 cup for garnish.nIn a saute pan, bring vinegar and sugar to a boil. Lower to a simmer and poach beets 1 minute on each side. With a slotted spatula, remove and place on a baking tray lined with parchment paper. Cover and refrigerate until needed.nWhen ready to assemble, heat the olive oil in a small saute pan. Arrange the slices of Herbed Goat Cheese in the pan and warm slightly, turning them with a small spatula just to warm both sides. This has to be done quickly, or the cheese will melt.nTo assemble the napoleons, place 1 of the beet rounds on a firm, flat surface and begin to layer. Top with a slice of goat cheese, then another beet round, a second slice of cheese, another beet round, a third slice of cheese, and a beet round. Continue until you have 5 layers of beets and 4 layers of cheese. Carefully cut through layers, dividing into 3 wedges. Repeat with the remaining beets and cheese.nTo serve, arrange 3 of the wedges, pointed ends facing out, in a circle in the center of each plate. Toss the baby lettuces with the Spago House Dressing and mound half of the lettuces on top of each arranged napoleon. Drizzle 12 of the Citrus Hazelnut Vinaigrette around each mound. Sprinkle toasted nuts and reserved diced beets on top of drizzled vinaigrette. Serve immediately.nCombine the parsley, chives, thyme, and pepper and place on a flat surface. Roll the log of cheese in the mixture, coating all sides and retaining the shape of the log. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until needed.nYield: 1 7 or 8ounce lognRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Pizza, Pasta  More, Random House, 2000nIn a small bowl, whisk together the shallots and the mustard. Whisk in the vinegars and then the olive and vegetable oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a covered container and refrigerate until needed.nYield: 1 14 cupsnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Adventures in the Kitchen, Random House, 1991nIn a medium saucepan, bring orange juice to a boil. Lower to a simmer and reduce until only 13 cup remains. Cool to room temperature.nIn a medium bowl, combine orange juice, shallot, thyme, vinegar and orange zest.nSlowly whisk in both oils until thick and emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until needed.nYield: 1 13 cupsnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Pizza, Pasta  More, Random House, 2000nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the hazelnuts on a medium baking tray and toast for 10 to 12 minutes, turning after 5 minutes. This can be done in a toaster oven. Remove to a clean towel and rub to remove as much of the skin as possible. Chop coarsely and use when needed.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 12 pounds large yellow or red beets, washed and trimmed, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 12 recipe Herbed Goat Cheese, recipe follows, cut into 8 round slices, 1 to 1 12 cups mixed baby lettuces, washed and dried, 14 cup Spago House Dressing, recipe follows, 14 cup Citrus Hazelnut Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 ounce toasted hazelnuts, recipe follows, coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1  7 or 8ounce log goat cheese, 2 large shallots, minced 1 heaping tablespoon, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons zinfandel vinegar, 2 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup vegetable oil, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 12 cups fresh orange juice, 1 shallot, peeled and minced, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 13 cup hazelnut oil, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt Freshly ground black pepper, Hazelnuts], title: Roasted Beet Napoleon, picturelink: null}, 39254: {instructions: In a small bowl, sprinkle the gelatin over the cold water and let stand 5 minutes. Meanwhile, bring the cream, sugar, and vanilla bean and seeds to a simmer in a medium pan. Stir in the gelatin and remove from heat. In a second bowl, whisk the yogurt until smooth. Strain the warm vanilla cream, discarding the vanilla bean, and add to the yogurt, whisking to combine. Pour into 6 small ramekins or serving dishes and refrigerate at least 3 hours. Spray a grill with nonstick grill spray a grill pan can be used and bring to mediumhigh heat. Just before serving, grill the fig halves and nectarine slices just until grill marks appear and fruit is warm and lightly caramelized, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove from the grill or grill pan, drizzle with honey, and serve on top of panna cotta., ingredients: [18ounce packet unflavored gelatin about 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons cold water, 1 cup heavy cream, 13 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 1 17.6ounce tub Greek yogurt about 2 cups recommended: Fage 2 percent, 6 fresh figs, halved, preferably a mix of green and black figs, 2 ripe white nectarines, pitted and sliced, Honey, for drizzling], title: Greek Yogurt Panna Cotta with Grilled Honeyed Figs and White Nectarines, picturelink: csYfXFaEauyEn.NuUV6rxWRwZX.52.}, 39255: {instructions: Saute shellfish in butter. Stir in tomato paste, dry white wine and evaporate liquid. Add white sauce, bring to a boil and season to taste with salt and pepper. Fold in cucumbers and chives and serve over ink pasta., ingredients: [8 ounces cooked squid ink pasta 1 tablespoon dry white wine, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 cup White Sauce, recipe follows, 12 ounces peeled deviant shrimp, Salt, cayenne pepper, finely chopped or lump crabmeat, 2 Kirby cucumbers, seeded,, finely chopped or lump crabmeat, 2 Kirby cucumbers, seeded, picked over cut into 14inch dice, 1 tablespoon tomato paste 2 tablespoons finely snipped chives], title: Crab Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39256: {instructions: To steep the oil: In a small pot on the lowest heat setting, add the oil, basil and garlic. Cook on low for 20 minutes.nStrain the oil using a finemesh sieve and cool to room temperature. Add the fresh basil leaves to finish. Store in the fridge and keep for 1 week., ingredients: [2 cups olive oil, 1 cup fresh basil leaves and stems, gently chopped, plus 2 to 4 basil leaves, for finishing, 2 cloves garlic, smashed], title: Sunnys Easy Basil and Garlic Oil, picturelink: KAiGaCzPevHoMZ4xBslz2H1WBrLj3Ky}, 39257: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMake the crust: Cream the butter and sugar. Stir in the vanilla. Finally, mix in the flour to make a smooth dough. Alternately, put the butter, sugar, vanilla, and flour in the food processor and pulse to crumbs. Pour them into your pan and press into place. Press into the bottom of an 8inch springform pan, giving it about a 1inch rim. Bake 15 minute, or until lightly golden. Remove the tart shell from the oven.nWhile the crust bakes, beat together the cream cheese, sugar, egg and vanilla for the cream filling until smooth. Make the topping by tossing the apple slices with the cinnamon, sugar, and nuts.nRemove the tart shell from the oven. Spread over the cream mixture. Arrange the apple slices on top, and then scatter over the nuts. Bake until the apples are tender and golden, about 40 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 14 cup sugar, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 apples, peeled and thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup slivered almonds or chopped walnuts], title: Easy Pastry Shop Apple Tart, picturelink: null}, 39258: {instructions: Fill the bottom of a large skillet with about 14 inch of oil. Heat over mediumhigh heat until the oil is shimmering and hot. Add the cauliflower and fry until soft and golden brown in spots, turning as needed, 5 to 6 minutes. Use tongs to transfer the cauliflower to a colander and toss with 14 teaspoon salt. Drain for a few minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the tahini, 2 tablespoons water, the garlic and a large pinch of salt. Arrange the drained cauliflower on a plate and drizzle with the tahinigarlic sauce and pomegranate molasses. Sprinkle all over with more salt. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [], title: Fried Cauliflower with Tahini and Pomegranate Molasses, picturelink: null}, 39259: {instructions: To prepare the sandwich, stack 4 slices of ham and 2 slices of cheese on a slice of bread. Evenly apply a quarter portion of the mustard to the inside of the second slice of bread. After stacking evenly, apply butter to both exterior slices, and then cook in a preheated pan or griddle on medium heat. Cook until golden brown, and then flip and repeat the process. This should take 2 to 3 minutes per side. Once cooked, remove and enjoy., ingredients: [1 pound sliced ham, pitt or tavern 16 slices, 8 ounces Gruyere cheese, sliced 8 slices, 8 slices baguette, 13inch thick, 14 cup Dijonstyle mustard, 12 stick butter, at room temperature], title: Croque Monsieur, picturelink: bXdurq5ZRyPdkKzAa.y2lt6ZaJyiK9e}, 39260: {instructions: Season fish with salt and pepper and dredge in flour to coat, shaking off excess. In a large nonstick skillet heat 1 tablespoon butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and cook fish 3 minutes each side, or until just cooked through.nReduce heat to moderately low. Cut remaining butter into pieces and add to skillet. Simmer butter until golden brown with a nutty aroma, about 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and immediately add lemon juice, salt, parsley, and pepper to taste, swirling skillet to incorporate butter will foam. Serve sole filets with butter., ingredients: [4 4ounce sole filets, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 stick 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleafed parsley leaves], title: Sole Meuniere, picturelink: null}, 39261: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a rimmed baking sheet and bake, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool.nIn a large salad bowl whisk together the ale, maple syrup, olive oil, orange juice and zest and some salt and pepper.nToss the kale, almonds and apricots with the vinaigrette. Serve on salad plates., ingredients: [1 cup sliced almonds, 12 cup amber ale, preferably a maple amber ale, 14 cup maple syrup, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Juice and zest of 12 orange, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bunches lacinato kale, destemmed and cut into ribbons, 12 cup dried apricots, chopped], title: Kale Salad with Amber Ale Vinaigrette, picturelink: 94vK45JPcGlxBF5VG46BOjFdBn5mdz6}, 39262: {instructions: For the tomatoes: In a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nIn a shallow dish, add the cornmeal, paprika, salt, cayenne and pepper. Mix will. Place the flour on a separate shallow dish. Place the beaten eggs into another shallow dish. Dredge the slices of tomato into the flour, then the eggs and finally in the seasoned cornmeal. Place the breaded tomatoes in the oil and fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes on each side. Remove and drain the tomatoes on paper towels. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the sauce: Mix the mayonnaise, buttermilk, barbecue sauce, vinegar, lime juice and brown sugar in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Serve the sauce alongside the fried tomatoes., ingredients: [Coconut oil, for frying, 1 12 cups cornmeal, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup flour, 3 eggs, beaten, 2 green tomatoes, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons barbecue sauce, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fried Green Tomatoes with BBQButtermilk Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39263: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat.nIn a large, heavy skillet heat the cream, zests, honey, and salt over medium heat, being careful not to boil the cream. Stir occasionally for about 4 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the pasta to the boiling water and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain the pasta. Add the pasta and the lemon juice to the skillet with the cream sauce. Toss to combine.nPlace the pasta in serving dishes. Using a vegetable peeler, shave chocolate directly on top pasta. Sprinkle with hazelnuts. Serve immediately.nFresh Pasta:nPlace the flour in a food processor. In a small bowl, lightly beat the eggs. Add the salt and olive oil to the eggs and stir to combine. Add the egg mixture to the food processor. Pulse to combine the ingredients, scraping down the sides once or twice. Continue, with the machine running, until the liquid is evenly distributed, about 1 minute. The dough should stick together if pinched between your fingers. The dough will be cornmealyellow in color. Some of the dough will be sticking together, but it will not form a single ball.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Press the dough into a ball and knead gently until the dough is smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest for 30 minutes.nRoll out the dough to your desired shape.nYield: 4 to 6 servings about 22 ounces, ingredients: [1 pint heavy cream, 1 lemon, zested, 1 orange, zested, 2 tablespoons honey, Pinch kosher salt, 12 recipe Fresh Pasta, cut into fettuccini, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 small block semisweet chocolate, optional, 14 cup chopped, toasted hazelnuts, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Sweet Fresh Fettuccini, picturelink: 0uS20vNcYSxfphxgMDE0wPCEuT1.fNa}, 39264: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the endive quarters, sprinkle with sugar and cook, tossing a couple of times, until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Add the red onion, peppers and garlic and cook until the endive is wilted, about 2 more minutes. Raise the heat to high, add the beans, broth and rosemary and continue cooking, mashing some of the beans with a spoon to thicken the sauce slightly, 2 to 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the halibut fillets with salt and pepper place skinside up in the pan and cook until golden, about 4 minutes. Turn and cook until firm but still translucent in the center, 4 more minutes.nPlace the halibut fillets in 4 shallow bowls and spoon the beans and endive on top. Garnish with parsley. Photograph by Antonis Achiellos, ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 heads endive, quartered lengthwise, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup prepared roasted peppers, drained and roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 small sprig rosemary, chopped, 4 6ounce halibut fillets, with skin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 handful fresh parsley, torn], title: Halibut with Tuscan Beans and Endive, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 39265: {instructions: In a medium skillet over medium heat combine 2 tablespoons oil and 2 tablespoons butter. When butter melts into oil add hash browns and thinly sliced onions, season with salt and pepper. Cook 7 to 8 minutes, turn with spatula and press to crisp, cook 7 to 8 minutes more.nHeat a large skillet with 2 tablespoons oil over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add cabbage, caraway, paprika, salt and pepper, cook stirring occasionally 2 to 5 minutes, until tender.nWhile cabbage and potatoes are working, preheat broiler. Heat a small skillet over medium heat with 2 tablespoons oil. Add chopped onions and a bay leaf, salt and pepper, cook 8 minutes until soft and sweet.nPat meat dry and season with oil, salt and pepper. Broil the meat 10 to 15 minutes, ranging from mediumrare to mediumwell doneness, turning once. Rest 5 minutes then thinly slice against the grain.nWhile meat cooks, add sugar and vinegar to the onions and stir 1 minute. Add beef stock and bring to a bubble. Reduce heat under gravy to low and stir in cream.nStir the apple cider or juice together with mustard and pour over red cabbage. Stir to combine 1 minute then turn off heat.nRemove bay leaf from gravy. Serve cabbage and hash browns next to sliced steak topped with gravy., ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the steak, divided, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 cups frozen shredded hash browns, 2 onions, 1 quartered and thinly sliced, 1 chopped, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small or 12 large head red cabbage, shredded, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 fresh bay leaf, 1 2 to 2 12pound piece London broil bottom round steak, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 cup beef stock, 14 cup cream, 1 cup apple cider or juice, 14 cup grainy mustard], title: Sliced Steaks with Sauerbraten, Onion Hash Browns, Spiced Red Cabbage, picturelink: Sq.xJ8rE6Hv2XoVYzrWEhAf8EAL8n.O}, 39266: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a pot and cover with cold water. Put the pot over mediumhigh heat and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain, return to the pot and put over low heat for 3 minutes to dry the potatoes. Mash them with a potato masher.nWhile the potatoes are boiling combine the cream, butter, sour cream, and rosemary and thyme sprigs in a pot over mediumlow heat. Heat to a simmer, turn off the heat and let steep 10 minutes. Remove the herb sprigs and discard. Slowly add the heated cream and butter to the potatoes and mix in with a wooden spoon or a hand mixer until all the cream is incorporated. Be careful not to overmix or the potatoes will become gummy., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 1 12 cups light cream, 1 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup sour cream, 1 sprig rosemary, 4 sprigs thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 39267: {instructions: Heat the broiler. Broil the chile peppers, turning occasionally with tongs and leaving the oven door ajar to allow steam to escape, until the skins are blackened all over. Transfer to a bowl, cover and let cool. Reserve 3 of the chiles 2 if using poblano or Anaheim for another use, such as Mexican Chorizo Strata. Peel, seed and chop the remaining 6 or 4 chiles.nMeanwhile, heat the EVOO in a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot. Add the pork and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until browned and the edges are crisp. Remove the pork to a plate and add the garlic, celery and onions. Cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatillos, coriander, cumin and oregano and season with salt and pepper cook for 5 minutes more. Stir in the stock, honey, hominy and roasted chiles. Transfer half the soup to a food processor and puree until smooth. Return the puree to the pot along with the pork and simmer at a low bubble until the pork is tender, 20 to 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the tortilla chips on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until browned and very crisp. Pile a handful of chips in each of 6 shallow bowls and top with the cheese, avocado and a squeeze of lime. Top with the posole and sprinkle with cilantro. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 green New Mexico chile peppers or 6 poblano or Anaheim peppers, 3 tablespoons EVOO, 2 pounds pork tenderloin, trimmed and cut into 12inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 medium onions, chopped, 4 to 5 tomatillos, husked, rinsed and chopped, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons dried Mexican oregano, lightly crushed, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 cans white or yellow hominy, drained, Tortilla chips, for serving, 2 cups shredded asadero or Monterey Jack cheese, 1 ripe avocado, pitted, peeled and diced, Lime wedges, for serving, Fresh cilantro leaves, torn, for serving], title: Pork Tenderloin Posole with Bottom of the Bowl Nacho Surprise, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 39268: {instructions: For the salad: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. In a large bowl add the romaine lettuce, corn, zucchini, and shrimp and drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the romaine lettuce, turning occasionally, until crisptender and browned in spots, about 2 minutes. Coarsely chop the grilled lettuce and add it to a large salad bowl. Grill the corn and zucchini for 2 minutes on all sides until crisptender. Remove the kernels from the corn and add to the salad bowl. Chop the zucchini into 12inch pieces and add to the bowl. Grill the shrimp until the meat is opaque and cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Cool slightly and cut into 12inch pieces. Add the chopped shrimp, butter lettuce, tomatoes, and avocado to the bowl.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil and agave nectar until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPour the dressing over the salad and toss until all the ingredients are coated. Garnish the salad with tortilla strips and serve., ingredients: [1 head romaine lettuce, trimmed and halved lengthwise, 1 ear corn, husk and silk removed, 2 zucchini, halved lengthwise, 6 colossal or 12 extralarge shrimp, peeled and deveined, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 head butter lettuce, torn, 2 medium tomatoes, chopped into 12inch pieces, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and diced, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons agave nectar or honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups storebought tortilla strips recommended: Mission Restaurant Style], title: CaliforniaStyle Chopped Salad with Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 39269: {instructions: Special equipment: smoker, maple wood chipsnPlace 1 brisket fat down in a pan. Completely submerge the brisket with the brine.nBrine 2 days in the refrigerator.nRemove the meat from the brine and rub the meat with 4 tablespoons pickling spices.nPlace the meat in a smoker for 2 hours with maple wood chips.nRemove from the smoker and place in a pan with 2 cups of water. Wrap with aluminum foil. Place in the oven for 3 hours at 250 degrees F.nRemove from the oven, slice, and enjoy with rye bread and mustard., ingredients: [One 3 to 5pound brisket, 1 gallon water, 6 ounces kosher salt, 2 ounces Prague powder, 2 ounces powdered dextrose, 2.5 ounces plus 4 tablespoons pickling spices, divided, Rye bread, for serving, Mustard, for serving], title: Brewburgers  Old Fashioned Montreal Smoked Meat, picturelink: null}, 39270: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roast the whole sweet potatoes on a baking sheet until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool for 10 minutes, then halve lengthwise and scoop out the flesh into a bowl. Mash to an even consistency. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat the clarified butter in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until shimmering, about 2 minutes. Add the coriander seeds, cumin seeds, mustard seeds, turmeric and curry leaves if using and shake the pan over the heat, taking care as the spices sizzle and pop. Remove from the heat once the spices become fragrant, about 1 minute. Pour over the sweet potatoes and fold in the cilantro and lime juice. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes or yams, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons clarified butter or ghee, 12 teaspoon coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon brown or black mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 4 fresh curry leaves, optional, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Juice of 12 lime], title: Indian Spiced Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 39271: {instructions: In a stock pot on medium heat, melt the butter and then add the oil, onions, and ham hock. Stir and cook until the onions are translucent and tender. Add the garlic and cook a bit more, and then add the greens and saute until they become bright green. Add the stock, water, and vinegar, and then raise the heat to a boil, lower to a simmer, and cook for at least 1 12 hours. When ready, the ham hock meat will be easy to remove from the bone. Do so and make sure each serving gets a chunk of ham hock. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, remembering the ham hock and broth will add salt content. Add a little extra vinegar at the end, if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 ham hock, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 bunches collard greens, stems discarded, leaves washed twice, cut into ribbons, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 cups water, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Kings Greens, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 39272: {instructions: Heat the butter in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the celery and onions and saute until translucent, about 6 minutes. Drain any excess butter and chill the celery and onions in the refrigerator.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the yellow mustard, Dijon mustard, eggs, parsley, black pepper and seafood seasoning and mix well. Add the chilled onion and celery to the mixing bowl and combine thoroughly. Fold the saltines into the mixture.nDump out the freshpicked crabmeat onto a plate and sift through, checking for shell fragments but being careful not to break up the meat.nDump the crabmeat into the mixing bowl and slowly fold the stuffing around the crabmeat, avoiding breaking up the crabmeat as much as possible.nForm the mixture into 7 to 8 equal patties 3 12 to 4 ounces each. Chill in the refrigerator to help them set, at least 30 minutes.nHeat the vegetable oil in a medium saute pan or skillet over medium heat. When the oil is fully heated, very carefully transfer 3 to 4 crab cakes to the oil and cook until golden and the internal temperature reaches 155 degrees F., 3 to 4 minutes per side., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter or margarine, 12 cup finely diced celery, 12 cup finely diced yellow onion, 3 tablespoons yellow mustard, 1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 large eggs, well beaten, 1 12 teaspoon dried parsley, 1 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 12 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay Seasoning, 1 12 cups crushed unsalted saltine crackers, 1 pound lump crabmeat, fresh picked, 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Fresh Picked Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 39273: {instructions: To make the mochi balls:nCombine the rice flour, wheat starch, sugar, butter, and salt in a mixing bowl. Mix together and then add the boiling water. Stir with a spoon, and then knead with your hands to form a smooth paste. Wet your hands and form the dough into 1inch diameter balls, and then roll them in the sesame seeds.nTo make the caramel:nPut the sugar and water in a large saucepan over high heat and stir. Bring to a boil without stirring and cook, still without stirring, until the sugar becomes a deep brown caramel. Do not stir at any point after the pot is placed on the stove or the sugar will crystallize. Add the cream and salt and cook until reduced by onequarter. Add the brandy when the sauce is almost done reducing.nPut enough soybean oil in a saucepan to come 3inches up the sides of the pan and heat to 350 degrees F. Lower the mochi balls into the oil and fry until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Drain on a paper towel. Serve on a plate with the warm caramel in a dipping sauce bowl on the side.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [21 ounces glutinous rice flour, 2.6 ounces wheat starch, 23 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons softened butter, Pinch salt, 3 cups boiling water, White sesame seeds, for coating, 2 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 4 cups heavy cream, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon brandy, or to taste, Soybean oil, for frying], title: Crispy Warm Sesame Mochi with XO Caramel, picturelink: sgWablfVcf5m0B.2ilSLZrqgQDaYKJy}, 39274: {instructions: In a copper pan with a rounded bottom, whisk together the yolks and sugar. Set the pan over simmering not boiling water or directly over a low flame, if you dare, and continue to whisk while you cook it until thick and pale yellow. Add the wine gradually as you whisk and continue to cook until light and fluffy, about 4 to 6 minutes. Divide the berries among 4 stemmed glasses and pour the hot zabaglione over them., ingredients: [8 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup dry Marsala, 12 pint raspberries, 12 pint black or blueberries], title: Zabaglione with Fresh Berries, picturelink: 2cwsIxMlqxjl1z7PE7CVK6XUBPTwhS}, 39275: {instructions: In a heavy nonreactive casserole, warm the olive oil over low heat. Slowly cook the onion and carrot until they began to turn golden, then arrange the artichokes in the casserole in a single layer. Add the bay leaf, thyme, the 2 whole cloves of garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Pour the wine into the casserole add water until the artichokes are just covered. Cook over medium heat for 15 minutes, covered, then remove the lid, add the asparagus and reduce the cooking liquid over high heat to thicken the sauce. While waiting for the reduction, saute the snails in butter. Mince the remaining garlic cloves and mix in the basil and parsley. Off the heat, add the minced garlic mixture and snails, check for seasoning. Stir well and serve immediately. Peel the artichoke bottoms  stems, and rub each with half a lemon as you finish trimming it. Place them in cold water acidulated with the juice from the remaining lemon half. Spread the leaves of each artichoke, and use a small spoon to remove the choke return to the lemon water., ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium white onion, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 carrot, peeled and thinly sliced, 8 artichokes see note, 1 lemon, cut in half, 12 bay leaf, Sprig fresh thyme, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, Salt and pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 8 asparagus tips, 12 snails 6 per person, 1 tablespoon butter, 5 basil leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley], title: Escargot with Artichokes and Asparagus Tips, picturelink: null}, 39276: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker combine Stirrings Simple Syrup, Smirnoff Citrus Flavored Vodka and pomegranate juice with plenty of ice. Cover and shake vigorously. Strain into a martini glass. Garnish with a wedge of lemon., ingredients: [0.5 oz. Stirrings Simple Syrup, 1.5 oz. Smirnoff Citrus Vodka, 1 oz. freshunsweetened pomegranate juice], title: Favorite Things Pomegranate Martini, picturelink: null}, 39277: {instructions: Special equipment: a 3inch round cookie cutternPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the chicken breast lengthwise down the middle. Place it on a small sheet pan and cover with 1 teaspoon each of the garlic and parsley sprinkle with salt and pepper. Drizzle with the olive oil. Bake until the breast reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 10 minutes. Let cool, then cut into small pieces.nStack the prosciutto and finely chop.nToss together the chicken, prosciutto, ricotta, PecorinoRomano, 1 of the eggs, the remaining parsley and garlic and a sprinkle of salt and pepper. Mix until thoroughly combined.nCut the pasta sheets into strips about 3 12inches wide and 8inches long. Whisk the remaining egg and brush on the pasta sheets.nCut circles of pasta from the pasta strips using the cookie cutter.nPlace a teaspoon of the chicken mixture in the center of each circle and fold the bottom half to the top. Pinch both sides towards the center.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta until tender, about 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 boneless, skinless chicken breast, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons chopped parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 3 slices prosciutto, 3 ounces ricotta, 1 tablespoon grated PecorinoRomano, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 6 to 7 sheets fresh pasta], title: Chicken Proscuitto Tortelloni, picturelink: null}, 39278: {instructions: In a bowl of cold water, place the sweet potatoes for at least 1 hour after slicing. Drain the potatoes and pat them dry. In a deep fryer or deep heavy pot, heat 18inch vegetable oil to 380 degrees. Fry in batches until golden brown. Do not overcrowd. Remove to paper towels. Salt lightly before, ingredients: [2 12 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 18inch slices or as thinly as possible, Vegetable oil, Salt], title: Sweet Potato Chips, picturelink: null}, 39279: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Mix the chili powder, 12 teaspoon cumin, and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper and rub on the chicken breasts. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook, turning, until golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet, reserving the skillet, and bake until just cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board to rest, 5 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the reserved skillet over medium heat. Add the bell peppers, onion, garlic and the remaining 14 teaspoon cumin and cook, stirring, until the vegetables are lightly browned, 8 minutes. Stir in the lime zest and 2 tablespoons water. Season with salt. Wrap the tortillas in aluminum foil and warm in the oven, 5 minutes, then divide among plates. Slice the chicken. Top the tortillas with the chicken, bell pepper mixture, pico de gallo and cheese. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 teaspoon chili powder, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 bell peppers any color, sliced, 1 red onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon grated lime zest, plus wedges for serving, 8 corn tortillas, 12 cup prepared pico de gallo or fresh salsa, 13 cup crumbled cotija cheese about 1 12 ounces], title: Chicken Fajitas, picturelink: SecMdZTSAKYfAkdbs1GDQ0X9s9AsJu}, 39280: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pitcher, combine the Prosecco, orange juice, Mint Simple Syrup, lemon zest, and lime zest. Add the sliced strawberries, lemon slices, lime slices, and mint sprigs.nFill glasses with crushed ice and pour the sangria over the top. Serve immediately.nIn a small saucepan, combine the sugar, water, and mint over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool for 20 minutes. Strain before using.nYield: 2 12 cups, ingredients: [1 750ml bottle Prosecco or French Champagne, chilled, 12 cup orange juice, 2 cups Mint Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 lemon, zested and thinly sliced, 1 lime, zested and thinly sliced, 12 cup sliced strawberries, 5 fresh mint sprigs, Crushed ice, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 1 cup packed fresh mint leaves], title: Champagne Sangria, picturelink: b8GDEmoS7K1UGxev1IRfYnDQK3xOhi}, 39281: {instructions: Melt the butter and shortening in a small saucepan, stirring to combine remove from the heat and set aside. Whisk the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar in a large bowl.nWhisk the eggs, milk, chocolate syrup and vanilla in a large liquid measuring cup or a separate bowl. Whisk the egg mixture into the flour mixture until combined. The batter will be slightly lumpy. Whisk in the butter mixture until combined.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Preheat a waffle iron and spray with cooking spray. Ladle some of the batter into the waffle iron to within an inch of the edge 13 to 12 cup batter, depending on your waffle iron cook until crisp. Transfer the waffle to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven. Repeat with the remaining batter.nDivide the waffles among plates. Dust with confectionerssugar and top with berries andor chocolate syrup.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 12 cup chocolate syrup, plus more for topping, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Cooking spray, Confectioners sugar andor berries, for topping optional], title: Chocolate Waffles, picturelink: 47v2L5q4CaYIDIP2F1t1S5AsWvbJpjG}, 39282: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and saute until golden brown on both sides. Remove the chorizo and place on a plate lined with paper towels. Drain all but 2 tablespoons of fat from the pan and return to the heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the white wine and reduce by half. Add the corn and the clams, season with salt and pepper, and continue cooking until the clams just open. Remove the pan from the heat and add the parsley. Serve in bowls with slices of bread., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 pound chorizo, sliced 14inch thick, 12 cup finely chopped Spanish onion, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, 40 small clams, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup coarsely chopped parsley, Loaf of French bread, sliced 12inch thick], title: Steamed Clams with Chorizo and Fresh Corn, picturelink: null}, 39283: {instructions: In a blender, puree until smooth the garlic, ginger, soy sauce, and lime juice. Remove to a bowl and mix in the cilantro. Slice the tuna into thin, 1inch long pieces.nPlace tuna on a serving platter and spoon soy sauce mixture over each slice. Dot each piece with each of the purees, aji amarillo, and rocoto pepper., ingredients: [1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped ginger, 12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 pound sashimi quality yellowfin tuna, 12 teaspoon aji amarillo, 12 rocoto pepper puree, available in Latin American specialty stores], title: Tuna Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 39284: {instructions: In a blender, add the segments and Dijon and blend on high speed. Drizzle in the oil and season. Toss 12 of the vinaigrette with the sprouts, check for seasoning, and add more vinaigrette if necessary. Set aside any leftover vinaigrette., ingredients: [Segments from 1 navel orange, Segments from 1 lemon, Segments from 1 lime, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup canola oil, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 1 pound pea sprouts may substitute with blanched, julienned snow peas], title: Citrus Pea Sprout Salad, picturelink: null}, 39285: {instructions: Cream together the butter, sugar, salt and vanilla seeds in a medium bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed for 1 to 2 minutes. Dont overmix or your cookies will not stay in shape when they bake. Add the egg and mix just to combine, then add the flour, ginger and cinnamon and mix until it all looks uniform.nSquidge the mixture into a ball and then pat it down into a disc. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and chill until firm, in the fridge for about 20 minutes or the freezer for 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 3 baking sheets with parchment paper.nOnce firm, roll the dough out on a lightly floured surface to about 14 inch thick, then cut out your cookies using any cutter you like. You may need to reroll the dough a couple of times to cut out all your cookies. If the dough gets too soft, put it back in the freezerfridge to firm up. Put the cutout cookies in the fridge for 10 minutes to firm up before baking, so they dont spread too much in the oven.nBake until the cookies are just turning golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool completely on a wire rack before decorating with Royal Icing and your favorite sprinkles.nAdd the egg whites to a bowl and whisk until frothy soft peaks form. Add the confectioners sugar gradually, mixing until the royal icing is uniform and nice and shiny. Add the lemon juice and whisk a little more to incorporate., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, Pinch of fine salt, 1 vanilla bean pod, split and seeds scraped, 1 large egg, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Royal Icing, recipe follows, for decorating, Your favorite sprinkles or other edible candy, for decorating, 2 large pasteurized egg whites, 3 34 to 4 cups confectioners sugar use more for stiffer icing, less for thinner, 2 teaspoons lemon juice], title: Sugar Cookies, picturelink: dNFO3xgxvZ1Gl7mKFLNQrAuGTGU.Ue}, 39286: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan, add the onion, and cook until the onion softens, about 4 minutes. Add the rice and toast the grains, stirring occasionally, until the rice begins to look opaque bright white, about 4 minutes. Add the water, butter, lemon slice, and lemon zest, reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer for 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, slice off the tough ends of the asparagus stalks and discard them. Cut the spears on a diagonal into 1inch lengths. Fill a large nonreactive pot with a steamer rack with 12 inch water, place the pot over medium heat, and bring the water to a simmer. Add the asparagus, cover, and cook until just tender, 4 to 5 minutes.nTransfer the cooked rice to a serving bowl and toss in the asparagus. Season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup diced yellow onion 12inch dice, 1 12 cups longgrained white rice, 3 cups water, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 lemon slice 1 inch thick, 1 teaspoon minced lemon zest, 1 pound fresh asparagus], title: LemonAsparagus Rice, picturelink: null}, 39287: {instructions: Put a handful of cookie or graham cracker crumbles into a goblet or sundae bowl. Top with a scoop of the ice cream then add more crumbles and another scoop of ice cream. Take the metal lid off the dessert sauce and heat in microwave oven on high for 1 minute. Pour caramel sauce over the ice cream and top with whipped cream, nuts and a cherry., ingredients: [2 cups crumbled ginger snap cookies or crumbled cinnamon graham crackers, 2 pints butter pecan ice cream, 1 cup caramel dessert sauce, 1 canister whipped cream, 1 2ounce pouch chopped pecans, 4 maraschino cherries], title: Pecan Pie Sundaes, picturelink: null}, 39288: {instructions: Dice the bacon and the onions. Place the bacon and onion in a large pot on top of the grill on medium heat. Cook until bacon is rendered and onions are translucent. Add the black pepper, kosher salt and chili powder. In a bowl, mix the BBQ sauce, yellow mustard and molasses. Then add to the bacon mixture. Drain kidney beans and great Northern beans and rinse. Add the beans to the pot and cook for 5 minutes. Transfer to individual 13inch deep pans. To finish beans place in smoker uncovered for 45 minutes at 250 degrees F. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 pounds bacon, 6 onions, 14 cup ground black pepper, Kosher salt, 14 cup chili powder, 6 cup BBQ sauce, your favorite, 1 12 cups yellow mustard, 1 12 cups molasses, One 10pound can kidney beans, One 10pound can great Northern beans, One 10pound can pork and beans], title: Tailgators Baked Beans, picturelink: null}, 39289: {instructions: Wash and dry the ribs. Combine all seasonings in a bowl. Liberally season the ribs with the seasonings. Make sure to rub the seasonings into the meat.nCut the garlic bulbs in half and slice the onions thinly. Wash your fresh herbs. In a large roasting pan, line the bottom with some of your onions. Place 2 slabs of the ribs over the onions, bone side down. Rub the ribs with 1 of the cut garlic bulbs, set the garlic cut side down on top of the slab. Place some thyme, oregano, and parsley over each slab. Place the remaining onions on top of herbs. Drizzle with wine and extravirgin olive oil. Create a second layer of ribs, herbs, wine, extravirgin olive oil. Allow the ribs to marinate, in the refrigerator, for 24 hours.nAfter 24 hours, the ribs are ready for the grill. Preheat a grill so 1 side of the grill is heated and 1 side is not.nTake the ribs out of the marinade. Place them bone side down over some hot coals. It takes about 30 to 40 minutes to cook the ribs. Alternate your ribs from the hot side of the grill to the cold side. This will allow you to have more control over your cooking. Enjoy, ingredients: [4 slabs baby back ribs, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons fresh ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons seasoning salt, 4 garlic bulbs, 2 large sweet onions, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 bunch fresh oregano, 1 bunch fresh parsley, 1 bottle red wine, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil], title: Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: null}, 39290: {instructions: In saucepot, over mediumhigh heat, add the grapeseed oil, celery and shallots, and saute until the shallots are translucent. Reduce the heat to medium, then add the apple juice and tomato juice. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat to a simmer. Add the tomatoes and cook for 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the pot from the stove and add the peaches. Puree the mixture with an immersion blender, or cool for 5 minutes and add it to a food processor. Return the pot to the stove over low heat, then add the salt, yogurt and honey and cook for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in the butter. Portion the soup into bowls and garnish with basil and mint.nServing options: Sour cream or creme fraiche make a great garnish for this soup., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 13 cup diced celery, 13 cup diced shallots, 1 4 cup apple juice, 14 cup tomato juice, 8 vineripe tomatoes, roughly chopped, 1 15ounce can peaches, drained or fresh peaches, peeled and chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup vanilla yogurt, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 6 leaves each mint and basil leaves, thinly sliced, for garnish], title: Tomato and Peach Soup, picturelink: null}, 39291: {instructions: Cook 14 cup minced onion in a saucepan with 1 tablespoon butter until soft, 3 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon each curry powder and paprika and a pinch of cayenne cook until toasted, 1 minute. Add 1 cup ketchup and 12 cup water simmer until thick, about 25 minutes.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Curry Ketchup, picturelink: ZK83.ZmiSBL2qo4Rx90EDeedxIg0ty}, 39292: {instructions: Cook 2 strips chopped bacon in olive oil in a pot over medium heat until crisp. Add 1 chopped onion cook until softened, 4 minutes. Add 1 cup chicken broth, 12 head sliced red cabbage, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 bay leaf season with salt and pepper. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 30 minutes. Stir in 13 cup golden raisins and 2 tablespoons chopped parsley.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Braised Red Cabbage with Raisins, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 39293: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk to combine the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Whisk in the buttermilk, eggs and butter until combined.nHeat the oil over medium heat in a large nonstick skillet. Fry four of the sausage patties until cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Pour a scoop of batter over each of the patties and cook until golden flip and continue cooking until the batter is set, another 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a platter and keep warm in the oven while you cook the remaining four sausage pancakes in the same manner. Serve with maple syrup., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, beaten, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Eight 2inchwide by 12inchthick sausage patties, Maple syrup, for serving], title: Sausage Pancakes, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 39294: {instructions: Place the apricots and 1 teaspoon honey in a heatproof bowl and cover with boiling water. Soak the apricots for 10 minutes to plump. Remove the apricots from the hot water and roughly chop.nIn a food processor, combine the mint, parsley, cilantro, vinegar, lemon zest and juice, garlic, adobo sauce, cumin, paprika, salt, black pepper, red pepper, remaining tablespoon honey and olive oil and pulse until finely chopped. Add the rehydrated apricots and pulse until the consistency resembles a thick chunky sauce. Cover and store in the refrigerator to allow flavors to come together and serve with grilled meats., ingredients: [12 cup dried apricots, 1 teaspoon plus 1 tablespoon honey, 1 14 cups fresh mint leaves, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 cup fresh cilantro stems and leaves, 23 cup red wine vinegar, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 teaspoon chipotle adobo sauce, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch crushed red pepper, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Apricot Mint Chimichurri, picturelink: null}, 39295: {instructions: In a large saute pan, over medium heat, cook bacon until crispy. Reserve bacon in pan with rendered fat.nIn a large bowl, mix flour, salt, pepper, nutmeg, cayenne and baking powder to combine. Beat eggs and milk together in a small bowl and stir into dry mixture until smooth and uniform.nBring 6 cups salted water to a boil in a large pot. Poke holes using a pointed chopstick through the bottom of the aluminum pie pan to create a disposable spaetzle maker. Push the dough through the holes into the boiling water. Stir and cook for 3 minutes, or until dumplings float. Remove dumplings and immediately toss in pan with bacon. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and garnish with parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, chopped into 12inch pieces, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 2 eggs, beaten, 14 cup milk, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, for garnish, Special equipment: 9inch aluminum pie pan], title: German Dumplings, picturelink: 27TVqPpXxorqNwsh.tg2RGJp1.5WnxC}, 39296: {instructions: Whisk 4 ounces chopped bittersweet or semisweet chocolate into the warm caramel sauce until smooth. Drizzle over vanilla ice cream.nPhotograph by Karl Juengel, ingredients: [], title: Caramel Ganache, picturelink: 48MaUKZkGWK17inmi4zZpr1to8Jcebe}, 39297: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper.nIn a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, blend the cream cheese until soft and smooth. Add the farmers cheese and continue to blend. Add the egg and mix. Add 12 cup of the sugar and the vanilla. Spoon the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip or just set aside in a bowl.nTransfer 1 sheet of phyllo to the prepared pan. Using a pastry brush, brush the phyllo with butter. Sprinkle with 13 of the remaining 12 cup of sugar and 13 of the ground walnuts. Repeat with the 2 remaining sheets of phylloreserving the some melted butter and nuts for the top, once rolled.nTurn the sheet pan so that the phyllo is horizontal to your body. Two inches in from the lefthand edge of the phyllo, working from top to bottom and leaving 2 inches bare at the top and bottom, pipe or spoon a 34 inch thick line of cream cheese mixture.nAlongside the cream cheese, pour the cherry pie filling. Turn the sheet pan a quarter turn and, starting at the edge the fillings are near, roll up the pastry to encase the filling. Keep rolling to form a log. Move the log to the center of the sheet pan and tuck the ends under to keep the filling from oozing out. Brush the surface with melted butter and sprinkle with remaining sugar and nuts.nBake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let cool 10 to 15 minutes on the pan. Using a serrated knife, cut carefully into sections and serve warm., ingredients: [4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 ounces farmers cheese, at room temperature, 1 egg, 1 cup sugar, plus more for the top, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 16ounce can cherry pie filling, 3 sheets phyllo pastry, thawed overnight in the refrigerator if frozen, kept moist, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup walnuts, lightly toasted and finely chopped], title: Cheese and Cherry Strudel, picturelink: null}, 39298: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a saucepan and cover with water by 1 inch season with salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer cook until tender, 20 minutes. Drain and return to the saucepan.nMeanwhile, preheat the broiler. Combine the beef, sausage, breadcrumbs, egg, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl mix with your hands until combined. Form into 12 meatballs about 2 inches and arrange on a rimmed baking sheet. Broil until browned, about 7 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over high heat. Add the mushrooms, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until the mushrooms are softened, about 8 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour and stir to coat. Stir in the wine and bring to a boil. Add 1 cup chicken broth and return to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium high and add the meatballs. Simmer, stirring occasionally, while you mash the potatoes.nAdd the remaining 5 tablespoons butter and 12 cup chicken broth to the potatoes and mash. Season with salt and pepper. Stir the parsley into the meatball mixture. Serve with the potatoes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, cut into 1inch chunks, Kosher salt, 12 ounces ground beef chuck, 12 ounces sweet Italian sausage meat, 13 cup breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Freshly ground pepper, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 ounces sliced mixed mushrooms, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup dry Marsala wine, 1 cup fresh parsley, chopped], title: Meatball Marsala, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 39299: {instructions: Salt and pepper each prime rib section thoroughly. Heat butter and oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Brown the seasoned meat until the skin is browned and lightly crisp. Reduce heat to low and allow the meat to saute for approximately 20 minutes, turning every few minutes, until cooked to desired temperature.nPour 2 cups of beef stock and 1 cup of red wine into a medium sized saucepan. Simmer the liquids over medium heat for approximately 20 to 30 minutes, or until the mixture is slightly reduced. Add sliced mushrooms and salt and pepper, to the sauce, and reduce the mixture for an additional 5 minutes.nHeat a grill pan over medium heat. Coat the bottom of the pan with olive oil. Add the sliced squash and carrots to the pan and grill until they become slightly tender. Remove the vegetables from the heat and seasson with salt and pepper immediately.nIn a large pot, bring enough water to cover 2 potatoes to a rolling boil. Boil the potatoes in the water until they are soft. Drain the water from the pot and mash the potatoes. Add milk, butter and garlic salt to the pot. Mash all of the ingredients together until you reach the desired creaminess., ingredients: [3 servings prime rib, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt and pepper, Red wine reduction sauce, recipe follows, Grilled vegetables, recipe follows, Garlic mashed potatoes, recipe follows, 2 cups beef stock, 1 cup red wine, 1 pint mushrooms, sliced thinly, Salt and pepper, 2 squash, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, peeled and thinly sliced, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 baking potatoes, Milk, use judgment to create desired creaminess, Butter, use judgment to create desired creaminess, Garlic salt], title: Pan Seared Prime Rib with a Red Wine Reduction, Grilled Seasonal Vegetables and Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}}