{39600: {instructions: In a mediumsize mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, milk, egg, and salt. Heat a large frying pan or wok over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot add a teaspoon of butter and swirl the pan to coat the surface of the pan with the melted butter. Pour 14 cup of the batter into the pan and tilt the pan with a circular motion so that the batter coats the surface in a smooth and even layer. After 2 minutes, lift up an edge of the crepe with a spatula to see if it is browning. When the underside has begun to brown, flip the crepe and cook the other side until it is also brown about 30 seconds to 2 minutes. Repeat with the remaining 2 teaspoons butter and remaining batter.nIn large 10inch saute pan, melt 12 cup butter, granulated sugar, and orange zest together. Add 1 crepe at time and cover it with the orange butter. Fold each crepe in half, and then in half again, to make a triangle and place it on a warm plate. Repeat these steps to cook the remaining crepes. Pour the melted chocolate over the crepe and dust it with powdered sugar. Drizzle the Grand Marnier over it and light it at the table in front of the guest. Always use caution. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 1 egg, Pinch salt, 3 teaspoons butter, plus 12 cup, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, Zest of 1 orange, 14 cup dark chocolate, melted, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier], title: Crepes with Orange Zest and Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 39601: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente about 2 minutes less than the label directs. Drain and rinse under cool water shake off the excess. Transfer to a large bowl and set aside while you make the shrimp, stirring occasionally to prevent clumping.nToss the shrimp on a baking sheet with 1 tablespoon olive oil, the garlic, and salt and pepper to taste arrange in a single layer. Broil the shrimp, turning once, until opaque and just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the shrimp, lemon zest and juice, scallions, mint, dill, cucumber, feta, olives and the remaining 13 cup olive oil to the bowl with the pasta toss. Serve immediately or refrigerate, covered, up to 6 hours. Bring to room temperature before serving.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces orzo pasta about 2 cups, 12 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined tails removed, coarsely chopped, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, Freshly ground pepper, Grated zest of 2 lemons, plus 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped fresh mint, 12 cup chopped fresh dill, 1 cup diced English cucumber, 4 ounces crumbled feta cheese, 3 tablespoons halved kalamata olives], title: Orzo Salad With Shrimp and Feta, picturelink: HEd9TRxCu9Zm19pU3h5TkutRBiY17q.}, 39602: {instructions: Heat the cranberries and 12 cup vinegar, covered, in a microwavesafe bowl until the cranberries are softened, 45 to 60 seconds, then transfer to a blender. Add the honey, ketchup, tomato paste, paprika, mustard, garlic, onion powder and 12 teaspoon salt, and blend until the cranberries are finely pureed. You should have about 1 12 cups of sauce. Reserve and refrigerate 14 cup. Pour the remaining 1 14 cups into a 6quart slow cooker.nStir together 1 tablespoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl to combine.nRemove the skin from the turkey thighs, and discard. Place the thighs on a large plate, dry well with paper towels and season both sides with the saltandpepper mixture. Place the thighs in the slow cooker, and turn to coat in the sauce. Cover with the lid, and turn the heat to high for 4 hours, until the meat is falling off the bone.nTransfer the thighs to a plate, and let cool for about 10 minutes. Stir the reserved sauce and the remaining 2 tablespoons vinegar back into the pot. When the thighs are cool enough to handle, shred the meat into 12inch strips. Return the meat to the sauce, and stir to coat. Make sandwiches with the meat and potato buns, and serve. Or let the meat cool, and refrigerate up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 12 cups dried cranberries, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 14 cup honey, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 teaspoons paprika, 4 teaspoons ground mustard, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon onion powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 turkey thighs about 4 pounds 12 ounces, Mini potato buns, for serving], title: Sweet and Tangy SlowCooker BBQ Turkey Thighs, picturelink: LJIIu68UXuKbY6N5AOisF68bKcGmkSG}, 39603: {instructions: In a wok or large saute pan, add a little oil and saute onions and ginger. Add the mushrooms and stir. Add the cabbage, carrots and chives. Season. When mixture is soft, place in colander to drain. Add the sesame oil and cilantro when mixture is cooled. Check for seasoning. Using the gyoza skins, make half moon dumplings keeping the bottom flat. In a hot nonstick pan, coat with oil and place dumplings. When bottom gets brown, add 14 cup of water and immediately cover. This will steam the dumplings. Carefully watch the dumplings and completely evaporate the water so that the bottom gets crispy again and sticks to the pot.nServe with dipping sauce.nCombine all., ingredients: [1 red onion sliced, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup white cabbage, shredded, 1 cup carrots, shredded, 1 cup chopped garlic chives or chives, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 1 package round dumpling skins, also called gyoza preferably twin dragon brand, Salt to taste, Canola oil, Spicy Soy Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 13 cup thin soy sauce, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 13 cup sliced scallions, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sambal], title: Vegetarian Pot Stickers, picturelink: null}, 39604: {instructions: Boil the potatoes, peel and cut in wedges. Cut off both ends of zucchini and yellow squash, cut length wise in 4 equal parts. Remove most of the seeds by cutting the angle. Slice into 14inch pieces. Blanch quickly in water and salt. Trim the fennel, cut in 2 lengthwise, sweat in olive oil, add lemon juice and fumet. Season with salt and pepper and braise for 5 minutes, covered. Add cherry tomatoes. Keep very al dente.nBrush a braising pan with butter. Place in it everything except half of the lemon juice and garnishes. Season the fish on both sides and add the fumet. Place the braising pan on a low flame until the liquid slightly simmers. Then place in a preheated 300 degree oven for 7 minutes. When cooked, place the fish with most of the vegetables into bowl, return the braising pan to the flame and finish with black olives lemon olive oil and lemon juice if necessary. Finish the dish by pouring the broth on the fish and garnish with chopped chives and chervil, serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 4 new potatoes, medium sized, 1 zucchini, 1 yellow squash, 4 pieces baby fennel, 3 ounces fish fumet, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, blanched and peeled, Salt and pepper, 2 garlic cloves, sliced thin, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig rosemary, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 ounces fish fumet, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 fillets black sea bass 6 ounces each, 14 cup pitted black olives, 1 tablespoon lemonolive oil, 12 teaspoon chopped chives, 2 sprigs lemon thyme], title: Braised Black Sea Bass with Spring Vegetables and LemonBlack Olive Bouillon, picturelink: null}, 39605: {instructions: 1.Cook beef in large skillet over mediumhigh heat about 7 minutes or until beef crumbles and is no longer pink drain.n2.Stir in tomato sauce and Chili Fixins. Bring to a boil reduce heat to mediumlow. Simmer 10 minutes, stirring frequently., ingredients: [1 pound ground sirloin beef, 1 can 15 oz each Huntsu00ae Tomato Sauce, 1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Chili Fixins], title: RoTel QuickNZesty Chili, picturelink: A9JrJmCnML6UDucKOD75jBd5ouggMUq}, 39606: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the oat cereal: Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper.nPlace the cereal in a large bowl. Pour about half of the tempered chocolate over the cereal and, using a rubber spatula, toss the cereal around to coat evenly. The chocolate will begin to set. When the first coating has set, pour in the remaining chocolate and again toss to coat evenly.nWorking quickly while the chocolate is still pliable, scoop up small mounds of the cereal and place them on the prepared baking sheets. Set aside for about 30 minutes or place the baking sheets in the refrigerator for no more than 10 minutes to speed the setting.nLayer the cereal clusters, separated by sheets of waxed paper, in an airtight container and store at room temperature for up to 2 weeks.nFor the corn flake cereal: Crunch up the cereal by hand, so as to break them up, but not pulverize them into crumbs. Add the crumbled cereal to the bowl of chocolate and toss to coat evenly.nDrop the cereal by rounded spoonfuls onto a parchment lined baking sheet. Place the sheet into the refrigerator to help the cornflake clusters set.nPackage as you wish, ingredients: [4 cups whole grain oat cereal, such as Cheerios, 1 pound milk chocolate, tempered, 4 cups corn flake cereal, 1 pound dark chocolate, tempered], title: Chocolate Covered Cereal, picturelink: TyL56M3oGFTgB3aDSs94jwN9fn8m1Cy}, 39607: {instructions: In a large bowl combine 1 pint of the strawberries and the granulated sugar and with a potato masher mash the berries gently until they release their juices, being careful not to crush them to a pulp. Add the remaining 12 pint of berries. Let the mixture stand at room temperature, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour.nIn a bowl beat the heavy cream with the sour cream and the confectioners sugar until it holds a soft shape and beat in the vanilla. Split the biscuits horizontally with a fork, arrange the bottom halves on 4 plates, and spoon the strawberry mixture over them. Top the strawberry mixture with some of the whipped cream and arrange the biscuit tops on the cream. Serve the remaining cream separately., ingredients: [1 12 pints strawberries, hulled and quartered lengthwise, 14 cup granulated sugar, or to taste, 12 cup well chilled heavy cream, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, or to taste, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 4 cream biscuits, see recipe], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 39608: {instructions: Make small slits all over the meat with a sharp knife, inserting a sliver of garlic into each as you go. If you can do this several hours or the night before cooking, all the better. Rub the meat all over with salt and pepper. Heat the oven to 325 degrees F160 degrees C.nMelt the butter in a deep, lidded casserole cocotte and brown the meat well on all sides. Add the onion, carrot and herbs to the pot. Pour over the milk, and bring to a simmer on the stovetop. Cover the dish and transfer to the oven until tender, about 2 hours, turning the meat at least once.nRemove the meat from the pot and wrap in foil to keep warm. Remove the herbs, carrot and onion and discard. The cooking juices will be curdled, but this is how theyre meant to be. Boil them down to about 1 cup250 ml and puree with an immersion blender. Taste and adjust the seasonings.nCarve the meat and arrange in a serving dish. Pour over the sauce, sprinkle with the chives andor parsley. Serve., ingredients: [1 boned pork roast, about 3 pounds1.5 kilograms, 4 to 6 cloves garlic, peeled and cut into slivers, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, cut in half, 1 carrot, cut in half, 2 bay leaves, 2 large branches fresh rosemary, 4 cups1 liter whole milk, A generous handful chopped fresh chives andor fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Milk Pork, picturelink: null}, 39609: {instructions: In heavy saucepan, bring chicken broth to a boil. Add wild rice and stir. Cover pan, and reduce heat to low. Let simmer for one hour, until rice is tender and has popped open. Meanwhile, cook bacon in fry pan over medium until almost crisp, about 810 minutes. Add butter to bacon pan, add onions, celery, mushrooms, garlic, thyme and salt and pepper. Cook over medium heat for 57 minutes, until onions are translucent. Remove from heat and fold in parsley, hazelnuts and grapes. Add rice with any remaining liquid in pan, to vegetable mixture and toss well. Stuffing may be used to fill turkey, game hens, chicken or whatever you choose. Stuffing may also be baked separately in a casserole dish covered with foil. Bake at 350 degrees for 20 to 30 minutes until hot throughout., ingredients: [2 cans 28 fl. oz. total Chicken broth, low sodium, 1 cup Wild rice, 4 slices Bacon, diced 14, 1 Tbsp. Butter, unsalted, 1 medium1 12 cups chopped Onion, diced 14, 2 stalks 34 cup chopped Celery, diced 14, 1 12 cups Button mushrooms, sliced, 2 cloves Garlic, fresh, minced, 1 tsp. Thyme, fresh, minced, 14 tsp. Salt, 14 tsp. Black pepper, ground, 2 Tbsp. parsley, fresh chopped, 1 cup Hazelnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped, 1 12 cups California red or green grapes, picked from stem and rinsed], title: Wild Rice Stuffing with Grapes and Hazelnuts, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 39610: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nRub the lamb all over with olive oil and season all over with salt and pepper. Heat a very large Dutch oven such as Le Creuset over mediumhigh heat until its hot. Add the lamb and sear on all sides for about 12 minutes, until its browned all over. Remove the lamb to a plate.nAdd the wine and 2 cups of water to the pan and cook for a minute or two, scraping up all the brown bits in the bottom. Add the garlic, rosemary, thyme, and bay leaves and the lamb on top. Place the lid on the pot and bake in the oven for 4 hours, basting occasionally. If you dont have a lid, you can cover it tightly with 2 layers of aluminum foil.nAfter 4 hours, the lamb should be incredibly tender and falling off the bone. Remove the lamb to a plate, cover it tightly with foil and allow it to rest. Strain the sauce into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 10 minutes to reduce. The lamb will be too tender to slice serve it warm with spoons and the sauce., ingredients: [One 6 to 7pound leg of lamb see Cooks Note, Good olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, One 750ml bottle dry white wine, 2 heads of garlic, broken apart but not peeled, 15 large sprigs fresh rosemary, 15 large sprigs fresh thyme, 6 bay leaves], title: 4Hour Lamb, picturelink: null}, 39611: {instructions: Special equipment: 20 lollipop sticksnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace a sheet of nonstick silicone or parchment paper on a sheet pan.nPlace 12 ounces of the white chocolate in a heatproof glass bowl and put it in the microwave on high for 30 seconds. Time it with your watch for accuracy. Stir the chocolate with a rubber spatula, return it to the microwave for another 30 seconds, then stir again. Continue to heat and stir in 30second intervals until the chocolate is just melted. Immediately stir in the remaining 4 ounces of chocolate and allow it to sit at room temperature, stirring often, until its completely smooth. If you need to heat it a little more, place it in the microwave for another 15 seconds.nUsing a tablespoon, pour the melted chocolate in rounds onto the silicone and place lollipop sticks in the middle of each chocolate round, giving the stick a little twist. Sprinkle the tops of the lollipops evenly with the cherries and cashews. Set aside to harden., ingredients: [16 ounces very good white chocolate, finely chopped, 12 cup dried cherries, 12 cup salted roasted cashews], title: White Chocolate Lollipops, picturelink: null}, 39612: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush a large baking dish extravirgin olive oil. Season the pan with parsley, salt and freshly ground pepper. Layer the vegetables in the same procedure as lasagna, alternating the different vegetables. Season between the layers with salt, pepper and parsley. Save most of the tomatoes for the top layer. Bake for about 1 hour or until all the vegetables appear soft. Season the top with chopped parsley, salt, freshly ground pepper, and extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves washed and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large eggplant, peeled and sliced, 3 large tomatoes, washed and sliced, 1 yellow squash, washed and sliced, 1 white onion, sliced thick, 14 pound green beans, cleaned and cut in 12, 1 red peppers, washed and julienne, 1 green peppers, washed and julienne, 1 yellow peppers, washed and julienne], title: Vegetable Moussaka, picturelink: null}, 39613: {instructions: In a large pot, over medium heat, add the butter and the oil. Once the butter is melted add the onions and garlic and cook for 3 to 4 minutes until slightly tender. Mix in the flour and cook until the flour is a very pale golden color, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the potatoes and thyme. Stir in the milk and the juice from the canned clams. Reduce the heat and simmer until the potatoes are cooked through, about 10 minutes.nRemove 2 cups of the chowder and puree in a blender until smooth. Add pureed chowder, clams and corn to the pot. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and let simmer for another 5 minutes. Transfer to individual soup bowls or a large soup bowl and serve.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 russet potatoes, peeled, quartered and cut into 14inch thick slices, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 cups milk, 2 6.5ounce cans minced clams, drained, juice reserved, 1 cup frozen corn, Salt and fresh ground black pepper], title: New England Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 39614: {instructions: Step 1: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Place the flour in a shallow dish and dredge the chicken through it, coating the chicken on both sides. Place the chicken in the hot skillet and brown until golden brown and crusty, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a plate.nStep 2: Add the mushrooms or other vegetables to the pan and cook, stirring often, until they are softened and starting to brown, about 5 minutes.nStep 3: Deglaze the pan with the chicken stock and lemon juice, using a wooden spoon to stir and scrape up any browned bits from the pan bottom.nStep 4: Stir in the butter until it is melted, then add the chicken back to the sauce. Top with chopped parsley or other herbs, if desired, and serve with lemon wedges for those who want a tangier dish., ingredients: [1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound thincut boneless skinless chicken breasts, Salt and pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup button mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced or other veggie your kids like: onions, carrots, peas, or green beans, 12 cup chicken stock, Juice of 1 lemon, plus lemon wedges, for garnish, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Chopped parsley optional], title: FourStep Chicken: KidFriendly Piccata, picturelink: O3seURR.kbS8tHw92sdX6rp6B9fdyq}, 39615: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMake a dry rub by combining chili powder, salt, garlic and onion powders, black pepper, sugar, dry mustard, and bay leaf. Season the raw brisket on both sides with the rub. Place in a roasting pan and roast, uncovered, for 1 hour.nAdd beef stock and enough water to yield about 12 inch of liquid in the roasting pan. Lower oven to 300 degrees F, cover pan tightly and continue cooking for 3 hours, or until forktender.nTrim the fat and slice meat thinly across the grain. Top with juice from the pan., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 bay leaf, crushed, 4 pounds beef brisket, trimmed, 1 12 cups beef stock], title: Texas OvenRoasted Beef Brisket, picturelink: Q8KtSOkdtTvkAkyVxghH5nkUZQ8EMf6}, 39616: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor, combine the parsley, basil, thyme, shallot, garlic, lemon juice, and Dijon mustard and puree until smooth. Add the butter and pulse until well combined. Transfer to a small bowl and reserve.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle 12 of the cheese into 2 to circles approximately 4 12inch in diameter in the skillet. Cook for 2 minutes. Then carefully flip with a spatula and cook for another 1 minute. Drain on paper towels. Repeat with remaining 12 of the cheese.nMeanwhile, to make the speck, heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the speck and cook until crispy, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Remove from the skillet and drain on paper towels.nTo make the patties, put capicola and rosemary in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. In a large mixing bowl, combine the capicola mixture, chuck, salt, and pepper mix well. Separate the mixture into 4 equal portions and form the portions into patties to fit the size of the buns.nHeat large skillet or grill pan over high heat. Add the patties to the skillet and cook for 3 12 minutes. Flip the burgers and cook for 3 to 4 minutes or to desired doneness. During the last few minutes of cooking, top the burgers with equal amounts of fontina cheese and tent with aluminum foil to melt cheese. Also, during last few minutes of cooking, toast the buns.nTo assemble the burgers, spread a generous amount of Italian Herb Butter on the cut sides of the buns. On each bun bottom, arrange equal amounts of pine nuts, Crispy Speck, arugula, a patty topped with cheese, and a Frico. Cover with the bun tops and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 18 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped shallot, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 sticks good quality unsalted butter, room temperature, 23 cup grated aged Montasio or Asiago cheese, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 ounces speck smoked prosciutto, thinly sliced and finely chopped, 14 pound dry, hot capicola coppa, thinly sliced and chopped recommended: Boars Head, Pinch fresh rosemary leaves, finely chopped, 1 14 pounds ground chuck, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces shredded fontina cheese, 4 potato buns, split, 4 teaspoons toasted pine nuts, 1 cup wild arugula or baby arugula, lightly packed], title: Northern Italian Trattoria Burger, picturelink: ZSq26cgzxonaC.V32dl8T3.95I4Tuh6}, 39617: {instructions: Special equipment: This sandwich can be made using a grill, griddle or frying pan.nToast the bread so that the middle is soft and the outside is crunchya little on the crunchy side is preferable as the bread will be supporting a lot of weight.nSquirt the Sriracha sauce to taste on one slice of toasted bread. Top with the pulled pork.nFry an egg up, leaving it a little runny. Place the egg on the sandwich.nUsing the heat from the fried egg, place the slice of cheese on the egg and melt to your desired consistency. Press the slices of jalapeno into the melting cheese.nSpread the second slice of toasted bread with aioli and add it to the sandwich.nCut the bacon to size and assemble atop the aioli. Add the red leaf lettuce, tomato, basil and oregano. Top with the final slice of toasted bread. Serve with the pickle., ingredients: [3 slices sourdough French bread, Sriracha sauce, 1 cup cooked pulled pork, still warm, 1 egg, 1 slice Cheddar, 5 jalapeno slices, Aioli or your favorite sandwich spread, 3 slices cooked thickcut bacon, still warm, 3 flaps red leaf lettuce, 2 slices juicy red tomato, A sprinkling chopped fresh basil and oregano, 1 sweet petite pickle], title: The Heartstopper Club, picturelink: null}, 39618: {instructions: Whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the kale, toss to coat and let stand 10 minutes.nWhile the kale stands, cut the dates into thin slivers and the apple into thin matchsticks. Add the dates, apples, almonds and cheese to the kale. Season with salt and pepper and toss well., ingredients: [3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 bunch kale, ribs removed, leaves very thinly sliced, 14 cup dates, 1 Honeycrisp apple, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1 ounce Pecorino, finely grated 14 cup, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Kale and Apple Salad, picturelink: imOtt1I9zSFrePCoOOOvmAhWIqKuYGy}, 39619: {instructions: Dissolve all but 14 teaspoon salt in large pot of boiling water. Add peas. Blanch 2 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. Chill and drain thoroughly. Puree in blender or food processor the peas, mint, and sugar remaining salt and pepper until smooth. Continue to puree while adding egg whites 1 at a time. Pour in cream. Blend until combined.nDivide mixture among 6 greased 12 cup ramekins or custard cups. Set ramekins in baking pan. Add boiling water to pan to halfway up sides of ramekins. Cover with foil and vent. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 30 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center pulls clean. Let set a few minutes. Run sharp knife around edges and invert onto serving dish. Garnish with mint sprig and dollop of sour cream or creme fraiche., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 4 cups peas, 2 12 tablespoons mint, chopped, plus sprigs for garnish, 14 teaspoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon pepper, 3 egg whites, 12 cup whipped cream, Sour cream or creme fraiche], title: Minted Green Pea Timbales, picturelink: null}, 39620: {instructions: Muddle the peaches, sugar and mint leaves in a small pitcher. Stir in the bourbon and let sit for 15 minutes. Fill four tall glasses with crushed ice. Strain the peachbourbon mixture into the glasses and top off with the ginger ale. Serve garnished with mint sprigs., ingredients: [2 ripe peaches, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, plus mint sprigs for garnish, 2 cups bourbon, Crushed ice, 1 cup goodquality dry ginger ale], title: PeachGinger Julep, picturelink: null}, 39621: {instructions: Fill the blender 34 of the way with ice. Add all of the ingredients except 4 slices of peach. Blend together and serve with slice of peach., ingredients: [2 parts silver tequila, 1 lime, juiced, 1 12 parts peach schnapps, 14 cup White Peach Puree, 2 white peaches, sliced, Ice], title: White Peach Margarita, picturelink: eyMw.v0JV5fUGZg2yYMUxHC4sfMLlMe}, 39622: {instructions: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F.nLine 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper and reserve.nCombine brown sugar and water in a 4cup microwave proof glass measuring cup or bowl. Place in microwave on high for 5 minutes and cook until sugar is completely dissolved. Remove from microwave, add vanilla extract and salt.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine oats, nuts, and brown sugar syrup mixture. Stir until thoroughly mixed. Spread the granola onto cookie sheets and bake 45 minutes to 1 hour or until golden and crunchy.nWhen the mixture comes out of the oven, it is still very pliable. You may choose to add in dried fruit as a finishing touch at this time. When granola has cooled completely, store in an airtight container., ingredients: [1 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup water, 4 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 cups rolled oats, 2 cup chopped pecans or walnuts, or slivered almonds], title: Crunchy Granola, picturelink: null}, 39623: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix together the tapenade and mayonnaise. Set it aside. Cut the loaf of bread in 12 lengthwise and spread tapenade mayonnaise over the cut sides of both pieces. Arrange the sliced lamb on the bottom piece of the bread and season it with salt and pepper. Scatter the arugula over the lamb, and set the top half of the bread on top of the lamb and press down gently. Cut crosswise into individual servings and either serve immediately or refrigerate, tightly wrapped in wax paper, until ready to serve.nTo Drink: A Russian River Valley pinot noir, such as Moshin or Gary Farrell Allen Vineyard, is the best choice.nIn a small bowl, toss together the olives and garlic. Add the parsley, basil, anchovy, capers, and lemon zest, mix together, season generously with black pepper, thin with olive oil, and set aside for 30 minutes before serving. The tapenade will keep in the refrigerator for a day or two, after which time its flavors will deteriorate.nYou can make this tapenade using almost any olive, including the mixed olives sold at the olive bars common in upscale markets these days. If you select the olives yourself, try a mix of kalamatas, picholines, cracked green, and California black. Salted capers are available in good delis and markets.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [34 cup Easy Olive Tapenade, recipe follows, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 1 pound loaf countrystyle French or Italian bread, such as Pugliese, 1 12 to 2 pounds rare roasted leg of lamb, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Two or three handfuls arugula, 8 ounces mixed olives, pitted and minced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh Italian parsley, 1 tablespoon minced fresh basil, 1 minced anchovy fillet, 1 tablespoon salted capers, rinsed and dried, 2 teaspoons minced lemon zest, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 to 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil], title: Lamb and Tapenade Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 39624: {instructions: Slice the potatoes 13inch thick and put in a saucepan with 1 teaspoon of the salt, the water, and the wine. Tie the parsley stems, peppercorns, and thyme in a piece of cheesecloth and add to the pot. Bring the liquid to a boil over high heat and immediately lower the heat to maintain a simmer. Cook until the potatoes are tender but not mushy, about 12 minutes. Drain discard the herb bundle and transfer the potatoes to a bowl. While the potatoes cook make the dressing. In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, shallots, 2 teaspoons of the salt and pepper. Gradually whisk in the oil to make a dressing. Toss the warm potatoes with the dressing gently so as not to break up the potatoes. Allow the salad to sit at room temperature for one hour to marinate, tossing several times to coat the potatoes. Add the parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds small red bliss potatoes, scrubbed but not peeled, 1 tablespoon kosher salt plus more to taste, 4 cups cold water, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 parsley stems, 6 black peppercorns, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons white wine, 13 cup minced shallots, 12 cup fruity extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 13 cup minced flatleaf parsley leaves], title: French Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 39625: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBlind bake the crust: Line the pie shell with aluminum foil and weight it with pie weights or beans. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes until light golden brown.nIncrease oven temperature to 375 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, heat oil over moderate heat. Add onion and cook until softened. Turn up heat to moderately high. Add pimentos, garlic, and spinach and cook, stirring until just heated through. Drain off any excess liquid. Beat the eggs in a bowl and add the Parmesan and milk. Add the spinach mixture and feta, and pour into the pie shell. Bake on a sheet pan in the middle of the oven for 30 to 35 minutes or until just set., ingredients: [1 frozen prepared pie shell, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 4ounce jars chopped pimentos, excess liquid squeezed out, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 10ounce package frozen leaf spinach, thawed, excess liquid squeezed out and chopped, 3 large eggs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup milk, 23 cup 3 ounces crumbled feta], title: Spinach, Red Pepper, and Feta Quiche, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 39626: {instructions: In a blender, combine roasted red peppers, basil, oil, vinegar, salt, and ground pepper. Puree until smooth.nPour dressing over greens just before serving., ingredients: [1 cup chopped roasted red peppers from jar, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 6 cups mixed lettuce greens], title: Mixed Greens with Quick Roasted Red Pepper Dressing, picturelink: null}, 39627: {instructions: For the rice:nIn a large saucepan, sweat garlic, shallot and pepper in oil until softened. Add adobo sauce, tomato paste, rice, wine and broth, give a quick stir. Add saffron. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce heat to low. Cook 15 to 20 minutes, until rice is cooked. Fold in peas.nFor the Shrimp Marinade:nBlend in garlic, chipotle peppers, the lime juice, olive oil and cilantro in a food processor or blender. Pour over shrimp. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and marinate for 20 minutes.nPreheat grill over a mediumhigh.nTake shrimp out of marinade and cook on grill for about 1 to 1 12 minutes or until done. Fill phyllo shells with rice mixture, top with grilled shrimp. Garnish with chives.nFor the Dipping Sauce:nCombine all ingredients in a large bowl. Mix thoroughly and enjoy, ingredients: [1 clove garlic, minced, 1 small shallot, diced, 14 cup chopped green pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 12 cup longgrain rice, 14 cup white wine, 34 cup chicken broth, Pinch saffron, 14 cup defrosted peas, cooked, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 chipotle peppers, 1 lime, juiced, 1 cup olive oil, Cilantro leaves, to taste, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 30 premade phyllo shells, Chives, sliced for garnish, 1 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons honey, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon Adobo sauce], title: Spanish Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: V9MkTjR6taurGxRiPTcuiwxH5sENWku}, 39628: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nPlace the first 4 ingredients in a medium mixing bowl and toss together. Let stand for at least 30 minutes.nDrain the excess liquid from the fruit mixture and reserve. Melt half of the unsalted and clarified butters in a medium nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the fruit mixture and brown for 3 minutes.nPour half of the pancake batter over the fruit starting from the center of the pan. Let batter set for about 3 minutes, and then place under the broiler for about 3 to 4 minutes, or until lightly browned. Watch carefully the whole time, as it may brown more quickly. Remove from the oven. Place a large enough plate to cover the pan over the pan and invert onto the plate. Repeat with the second half of the fruit and batter.nGarnish with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [4 Babcock peaches or Braeburn apples, peeled and sliced, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup vanilla sugar or regular sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons clarified or melted butter, 2 cups Gingerbread Pancake batter, or your favorite pancake batter, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar], title: Babcock Peach or Braeburn Apple Pancake Tatins, picturelink: XkCr5CiOtHwH9.XQfv8.RwqKOoAxy}, 39629: {instructions: Combine the beef, garlic, onions and 12 cups of water in a large pot. Sprinkle with salt and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, cover and simmer for 30 minutes.nUncover the pot and skim off the foam and grease. Add the potatoes, corn, carrots, celery and zucchini. Cover and continue simmering for 30 more minutes.nAdd the kale and simmer for 5 minutes. Turn the heat off and serve with lime wedges, hot sauce, warm corn tortillas and bread. Garnish with chopped cilantro and parsley., ingredients: [1 12 pounds beef top sirloin steak, cut into 1inch cubes, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 medium white onion, quartered, Kosher salt, 6 baby red potatoes, cut into 14inch cubes, 3 ears corn, cut into thirds, 2 carrots, cut into 1inch rounds, 1 stalk celery, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 zucchini, cut into 2inch chunks, 3 kale leaves, stems discarded, leaves torn, Lime wedges, for serving, Hot sauce, for serving, Warm corn tortillas, for serving, Bread, for serving, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Beef Stew, picturelink: lg3wHdHnaIA38A4ke8I44cwtygXFa}, 39630: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nFor the dough: Sift together flour, sugar, and salt into a large mixing bowl. Cut in the chilled butter or margarine until the mixture resembles coarse cornmeal. In a small bowl, beat together the egg and wine just to blend, then add all at once to the flour mixture, tossing together until the dough forms a ball.nTransfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead gently a few times until smooth. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and chill while you make the filling.nFor the filling: Cut the eggplant in half. Brush the cut side with the vegetable oil and place cut side down on a baking sheet. Bake until very soft, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool until easy to handle.nScrape out 2 cups of the eggplant flesh, and discard the seeds and skin. Place the eggplant flesh and the remaining ingredients in a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process continuously until the mixture forms a very smooth paste.nFor the pastries: Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees. Divide the dough into quarters. Work with one piece of dough at a time, keeping the remainder covered. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out each piece very thin no thicker than 18 inch. With a 3inch cookie cutter, cut out circles of dough. Place a teaspoonful of filling in the center of each, moisten the edges with a little water, and fold over. Pinch the edges together to seal and trim the edges with a fluted pastry wheel. Reroll the scraps of dough to make more circles.nPlace the pastries 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until light golden brown. Cool on a rack., ingredients: [4 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter or margarine, chilled, 1 egg, 6 tablespoons sweet wine, such as Marsala, 1 large eggplant, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, One 8ounce jar unsalted roasted almond butter available in health food stores and some large supermarkets, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 12 cup thyme honey], title: Eggplant and Chocolate Pastries Lucumie, picturelink: null}, 39631: {instructions: COOK pasta according to package directions.nMEANWHILE, in a large skillet, saute minced garlic in olive oil over medium heat until slightly yellow. Add cherry tomatoes and saute 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and remove from heat.nDRAIN pasta, reserving 12 cup of cooking liquid.nTOSS pasta with cherry tomatoes, garlic and half the basil. ADD reserved cooking liquid to skillet and toss pasta again.nTOP with grated Parmesan cheese and remaining basil., ingredients: [1 box Barilla Whole Grain Spaghetti, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, Salt to taste, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 56 leaves basil, sliced into thin strips, 12 cup Parmesan cheese, grated], title: DUPLICATE, picturelink: stZ7zzRqZgZ0KGpxq.1isBhJEESppC}, 39632: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper.nSift the flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, the baking powder, and salt into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the butter and mix on low speed until the butter is the size of peas. Combine the eggs and heavy cream in a measuring cup and, with the mixer still on low, add to the flour mixture. Mix until just combined. The dough will be sticky.nDump the dough out onto a wellfloured surface. Flour a rolling pin and roll the dough 12 to 58 inch thick. You should see lumps of butter in the dough. Dip a 2inch plain round cutter in flour and cut 16 to 18 biscuits. Place on the sheet pan, brush the tops of the biscuits with the egg wash, and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until the tops are browned and the insides are fully baked. Cool on the pan.nTo serve, toss the strawberries with 13 cup of sugar and the Grand Marnier in a medium bowl. Place the berries in 6 martini glasses, top each with a dollop of whipped cream, and serve with 2 or 3 shortcakes on the side., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, Granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, diced, 2 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup cold heavy cream, 1 egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water or milk, for egg wash, 2 pints fresh strawberries, hulled and thickly sliced, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier liqueur, Sweetened whipped cream], title: Strawberry Shortcakes, Deconstructed, picturelink: srelVKM7wqbss7OMF4iUDOGQ6JQEHq}, 39633: {instructions: For fish stock:Place all ingredients in a saucepan. Bring to a gentle boil, continually skimming the surface. Simmer for 25 minutes. Strain.nFor veal jelly: Place all ingredients in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, continually skimming the surface. Reduce to a simmer for 6 hours, until reduced to 12 cup. Strain and store in refrigerator. It will gel as it cools.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F. Remove the black skin from one side of the sole: make an incision across the tail and pull skin off. Dredge skinned side of sole in flour, then brush with egg, and coat with bread crumbs. Place in an ovenproof dish, crumbed side up. Add 18 cup fish stock and the white wine just to cover bottom of pan do not let it saturate the bread crumbed side. Season with salt and white pepper. Drizzle fish with 2 tablespoons of the clarified butter and bake for 15 minutes.nHeat the remaining tablespoon clarified butter in saute pan. Add shallots and saute. Add veal jelly. When melted, add the vermouth and remaining fish stock. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil and reduce to a syrup consistency.nOnce reduced, add cream and remove from heat. Whisk in butter. Add chives and lemon juice. Remove fish from oven and broil for 2 minutes to brown. To serve, pour sauce on heated serving tray and lay fish on top., ingredients: [1 head snapper, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 bouquet garni 2 sprigs thyme, 1 3inch piece celery, 1 bay leaf, 6 stalks parsley, 2 12 cups water, 14 cup dry white wine, 8 peppercorns, Salt, to taste, 1 veal knuckle, 1 onion, roughly sliced, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 bouquet garni, Salt, to taste, Black peppercorns, to taste, Water, to cover, 2 whole sole, Flour, for dredging, 1 egg yolk, mixed with 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup fine bread crumbs, 38 cup fish stock, 14 cup dry white wine, White pepper, to taste, 3 tablespoons clarified butter, 1 large shallot, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon veal jelly, 12 cup dry vermouth, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Sole with Chive Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39634: {instructions: Combine the tomatoes, chili powder, garlic, 23 cup water and 12 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook, breaking up the tomatoes with a spoon, for 10 minutes. Add the chicken breast, nestling it in the sauce, and simmer, flipping once, until cooked through, 8 to 9 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a plate, shred it, and return it to the sauce. Season with salt and pepper.nLay a tortilla on a work surface and top evenly with 12 cup Oaxaca cheese. Add a quarter of the shredded chicken and tomato sauce and a quarter of the beans. Fold the tortilla in half to enclose the fillings. Repeat with the remaining tortillas and ingredients.nMelt 12 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick or castiron skillet over medium heat. Cook one of the quesadillas, flipping once, until golden brown and the cheese is melted, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to a cutting board and repeat with the remaining quesadillas.nCut into triangles and serve with the guacamole, salsa, scallions and sour cream., ingredients: [One 15ounce can fireroasted tomatoes, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 8ounce boneless skinless chicken breast, Four 10inch burrito size flour tortillas, 2 cups shredded Oaxaca cheese, 1 cup refried beans, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Guacamole, salsa, chopped scallions and sour cream, for serving], title: Stewed Chicken, Refried Beans and Oaxaca Cheese Quesadillas, picturelink: WcwzmNHgdxsGw7o00dkT1.YfNxNmLRu}, 39635: {instructions: Combine the chicken, pork fatback, coriander, garlic, mint, lemon zest and 2 tablespoons salt in a large bowl. Transfer to a large plastic ziptop bag and refrigerate overnight.nAt least 30 minutes before grinding the meat, place all of your tools including the meat grinder parts, stand mixer bowl, stand mixer paddle attachment and sausage stuffer parts in the freezer to chill.nUsing your meat grinder, grind the marinated meat mixture through the small die plate into the chilled bowl of the stand mixer. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes, then return the mixture to the mixer. Add the feta, olive oil and wine and beat on medium speed using the chilled paddle attachment until combined. Refrigerate until ready to use.nStuff the sausages see Cooks Note and, for best results, refrigerate overnight.nBefore cooking, pierce each sausage several times with a pin. Grill over medium heat until the center registers 160 degrees F, 10 to 12 minutes. You can also panfry or broil the sausages. Drizzle the tomatoes with olive oil, sprinkle with parsley and season with salt and pepper. Serve the sausages with the tomato salad.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cubed, 1 pound pork fatback, cubed, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, toasted and ground, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, Finely grated zest of 3 lemons, Kosher salt, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, 14 cup white wine, chilled, 1 8foot hog casing, soaked in water 30 minutes and then flushed with water, Sliced tomatoes, for serving, Chopped fresh parsley, for serving, Freshly ground pepper], title: Chicken and Feta Sausage, picturelink: moJUPVNF4LKTxE6Odq41mramNhR1C}, 39636: {instructions: Remove the tendon from the chicken. Cut the eggplant, tomatoes, onion and squash into small cubes. Cut the peppers in half and remove the seeds and the white skin inside. Rinse chickpeas until water runs clear, strain and put aside. Heat fry pan to high, when hot add butter and let it brown lightly. Add chicken and season with salt and pepper. When the chicken is brown but not completely cooked, remove from heat and set aside.nPut fresh butter in the pan with the onions and let cook for a couple minutes, then add the peppers, eggplant and squash. If the pan becomes too dry add some more butter and the juice from the tomatoes. When cooked to more or less soft add the white wine. Reduce until a glaze forms, add the tomatoes at the last minute as well as the chicken. As soon as you add the last 2 ingredients turn off the flame. The chicken is still undercooked but it will slowly heat up with the vegetables. Check the seasoning, add the chiffonade of basil, bring to high heat and serve immediately. Decorate with a pretty basil leaf., ingredients: [8 to 12 skinless, boneless chicken tenderloins, 12 small eggplant, 2 large tomatoes, 12 white onion, 12 green squash, 2 small Italian sweet, green peppers, 1 small can chickpeas, 1 stick unsalted butter, Salt and pepper, 1 cup white wine, 2 sprigs fresh basil], title: Poulet a la Regina, picturelink: null}, 39637: {instructions: Place wok and ring over BBQ. Heat 1 12 inches vegetable oil in the wok over hot fire.nIn 1 shallow bowl, combine the flour and crab boil. In a second bowl, beat the eggs with 1 tablespoon water. In a third bowl, put the bread crumbs.nUsing paper towel, pat dry a crab. Dredge in flour, coat with egg mixture, then place in bread crumbs or back in flour. Coat well.nUsing tongs, lower the crab into hot oil. Brown both sides, about 1 to 2 minutes. While first crab cooks, prepare second crab. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nWhen crab is done, place on grate or paper to drain., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons crab boil or mix together 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 3 eggs, Bread crumbs, 6 jumbo or whale sized soft shell crabs bought liveNOT dead or frozen], title: BBQS Soft Shell Crabs, picturelink: null}, 39638: {instructions: Put the tea bags in a large heatproof pitcher and pour in 5 cups boiling water let steep 10 minutes, then remove the tea bags. Pour about half of the tea into ice cube trays and freeze until firm, about 3 hours. Refrigerate the remaining tea.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a saucepan simmer over mediumlow heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely.nStir 1 cup of the sugar syrup, the lemon juice, 5 cups cold water and the vodka into the chilled tea, then add the tea ice cubes. Pour into glasses serve with lemon slices and mint leaves.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [8 orange pekoe tea bags, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup fresh lemon juice from 6 to 8 lemons, plus lemon slices for serving, 1 12 cups vodka, Fresh mint leaves, for serving], title: Spiked Arnold Palmers, picturelink: G.DMX0.R1kL6LX5WYdUfo865O6RhX5O}, 39639: {instructions: Combine the salt and water in a 4quart container and stir until the salt has dissolved, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the trout filets, making sure they are submerged. Cover and refrigerate for 3 hours.nRemove the trout from the brine, rinse thoroughly, and pat dry. Place the trout, skin side down onto a cooling rack set in a half sheet pan. Dry in the refrigerator 21 to 24 hours or until the skin becomes shiny and somewhat tacky to the touch.nThe next day, turn the smoker on so that it maintains a temperature of 150 to 160 degrees F. Place the trout onto smoking racks, skin side down, separating them by at least 14inch and place into a smoker. Adjust heat as needed and cook for 2 12 to 3 hours or until the fish is, cooked through, has darkened in color, and has the desired level of smoke flavor.nServe with a green salad, incorporate into a dip or eat as an appetizer. Refrigerate unused portions in an airtight container for up to a week or vacuum seal and refrigerate for up to a month., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 1 quart water, 2 pounds trout filets, 3 to 5 ounces each, skin on, pin bones removed], title: Hot Smoked Trout, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 39640: {instructions: Place the beans in a steamer in a pot filled with 2 inches of boiling water. Cover and steam until the beans are bright green and still slightly firm to the bite, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, shallot, some salt and pepper, and the oil. Pour the dressing over the beans and toss to coat. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour or up to overnight. Bring to room temperature and serve., ingredients: [12 ounces green beans, trimmed, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 shallot, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Toms Green Beans with Shallots, picturelink: H6A3ekNg2g91NWGCTzlkSZjNZ0m851S}, 39641: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat.nHeat a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the olive oil, garlic, shallots and salt. Cook, stirring often, until the shallots are beginning to turn golden, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the chile flakes and cook an additional 2 minutes.nAdd the ravioletti to the boiling water and cook for 7 minutes, or 2 minutes less than package instructions.nMeanwhile, add the wine to the pan with the shallot mixture and reduce by half, about 2 minutes. Stir in the tomato puree and cream and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Using a slotted spoon or spider, remove the ravioletti from the water and add them straight to the skillet. Before stirring, sprinkle with 34 cup of the Parmesan. Stir the ravioletti into the sauce.nTop with the basil and the remaining 14 cup Parmesan before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 2 shallots, chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon chile flakes, One 13ounce package cheese ravioletti, 12 cup dry white wine, such as pinot grigio, 1 cup tomato puree, such as Mutti, 13 cup heavy cream, room temperature, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 cup fresh basil, chopped], title: Cheese Ravioletti in Pink Sauce, picturelink: gpCZ8DsQTu2SIq5aEVjeozaDqQBjsL6}, 39642: {instructions: Melt 2 ounces butter over medium heat in a large, heavy stockpot. Add the chopped onion, and saute until the onion is soft and golden, stirring occasionallyabout 7 minutes. Add the Arborio rice. Stir well to coat the rice with the butter. Sprinkle with the saffron threads. Cook for one minute, stirring.nTurn heat to mediumhigh. Add 2 cups of the chicken broth or enough to just cover the rice. Stir continually. When most of the broth has been absorbed, add the cauliflower and stir well. When all boiling broth has been absorbed, add approximately 12 cup more boiling broth, stirring until absorbed. Repeat this procedure until the rice is al dente. You will need between 9 to 12 cups of stock all together. Stir the remaining butter into the rice, along with the freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano. Adjust texture with additional broth. Taste for seasoning, and serve hot from a large platter onto warmed plates., ingredients: [4 ounces unsalted butter, 1 14 cups finely chopped onion, 2 14 cups Arborio rice, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 9 to12 cups of light, boiling chicken broth, 4 cups small cauliflower florets, each the width of a thumbnail, 34 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Cauliflower Risotto with Saffron, picturelink: null}, 39643: {instructions: Cook 1 14 cups wild rice blend in chicken broth with 12 cinnamon stick, as the label directs. Cook 12 minced onion in a skillet with 3 tablespoons butter, 5 minutes. Add 13 cup sliced almonds and cook 2 minutes. Add 13 cup dried cranberries and cook 2 more minutes. Toss with the rice. Top with chopped parsley.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Rice Pilaf With Cranberries, picturelink: null}, 39644: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 3 quartersheet pans or three 13by9by2inch jelly roll pansnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 3 quartersheet pans or three 13by9by2inch jelly roll pans with cooking spray. Line each pan with parchment paper and coat the paper with cooking spray as well.nPlace the almond paste in the bowl of a stand mixer. Break it up into small pieces with a fork. Fit the mixer with the paddle attachment and add the butter and sugar to the bowl. Beat the mixture on high speed until light and fluffy, about 7 minutes. Reduce the speed to medium, add the egg yolks, and beat until incorporated. Turn the mixer off and stir in the flour with a wooden spoon until well combined. Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl.nClean the mixer bowl thoroughly and fit the mixer with the whisk attachment. Beat the egg whites on high speed until stiff peaks form. Fold the egg whites into the batter until thoroughly blended.nTransfer 1 12 cups of the batter to a medium bowl, then transfer another 1 12 cups of the batter to a second medium bowl. Add the red food coloring to one of the bowls and stir until the batter is tinted throughout. Add the green food coloring to the second bowl and stir until the batter is tinted throughout. Scrape each of the three batters into one of the prepared pans, using the spatula to spread the batter to the edges. Bake, rotating and switching the positions of the pans halfway through, until the edges are golden, 12 to 14 minutes. Let cool in the pans for about 5 minutes, then invert onto cooling racks and allow to cool completely.nTo assemble, place the green layer on a large cutting board or a large inverted baking sheet lined with wax paper. Spread the raspberry jam evenly over the top. Place the yellow layer on top and spread with the apricot preserves. If there are large chunks of apricots, remove and chop them up to make them more spreadable. Top with the red layer. Cover with plastic wrap and place a heavy cutting board on top to weight it down. Refrigerate overnight.nPlace the chocolate chips in a microwaveable bowl and melt in the microwave on low power about 2 minutes. Spread the chocolate on top of the cooled cake and let dry slightly. Trim the rim of the cake with a serrated knife to make clean edges. Cut the cake crosswise into twelve 1inchwide strips, then cut lengthwise into 1 14inch strips. The cookies will keep, covered, up to 1 week., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 8 ounces almond paste, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 4 large eggs, separated, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 20 drops red food coloring, 12 drops green food coloring, 14 cup seedless raspberry jam, 14 cup apricot preserves, 6 ounces dark chocolate chips], title: Neapolitan Holiday Cookies, picturelink: HfoFLr4NpbWnd.CF8ocu6zNxB39uTaW}, 39645: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Prepare the chocolate brownie layer. Coat a 9 by 1 12inch cake pan with 1 teaspoon of butter. Flour the pan with 1 teaspoon of flour, shaking out the excess.nSift together 14 cup flour, 2 tablespoons cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking powder, and 12 teaspoon salt onto waxed paper. Set aside.nHeat 1inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. Place 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 4 tablespoons butter, and 2 ounces semisweet chocolate in the top half of the double boiler tightly cover top with film wrap. Heat for 4 12 to 5 minutes, remove from the heat, and stir until smooth.nPlace 3 eggs, 1 cup sugar, and 1 teaspoon vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a balloon whip. Whisk on high speed until slightly thickened, about 1 12 minutes. Add the melted chocolate mixture into the egg mixture and whisk on medium for 30 seconds. Add the sifted ingredients, whisk on low for 10 seconds, then on medium for 10 seconds. Add the sour cream and whisk on medium for 5 seconds.nRemove the bowl from the mixer and use a rubber spatula to thoroughly combine  also add and combine 4 ounces chocolate chunks .nPour the brownie batter into the prepared cake pan, spreading evenly. Bake the brownie for 30 minutes, until toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Allow to cool in the pan at room temperature for 5 minutes. Turn out onto a cake circle and refrigerate for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the brownie from the refrigerator and cut in half horizontally. Keep the brownie at room temperature until needed., ingredients: [4 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 14 cup plus 1 teaspoon flour, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, broken into 12ounce pieces, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into 12ounce pieces, 3 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup sour cream, 4 ounces chocolate chunks], title: Death By Chocolate: Simply the Best Chocolate Brownie Layer, picturelink: null}, 39646: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil and flour three 9 by 1 12inch round cake pans.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, sugar, baking soda, salt, and cocoa powder. In another large bowl, whisk together the oil, buttermilk, eggs, food coloring, vinegar, and vanilla.nUsing a standing mixer, mix the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients until just combined and a smooth batter is formed.nDivide the cake batter evenly among the prepared cake pans. Place the pans in the oven evenly spaced apart. Bake, rotating the pans halfway through the cooking, until the cake pulls away from the side of the pans, and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, about 30 minutes.nRemove the cakes from the oven and run a knife around the edges to loosen them from the sides of the pans. One at a time, invert the cakes onto a plate and then reinvert them onto a cooling rack, roundedsides up. Let cool completely.nFrost the cake. Place 1 layer, roundedside down, in the middle of a rotating cake stand. Using a palette knife or offset spatula spread some of the Cream Cheese Frosting over the top of the cake. Spread enough frosting to make a 14 to 12inch layer. Carefully set another layer on top, roundedside down, and repeat. Top with the remaining layer and cover the entire cake with the remaining frosting. Sprinkle the top with the pecans.nIn a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or with a handheld electric mixer in a large bowl, mix the cream cheese, sugar, and butter on low speed until incorporated. Increase the speed to high, and mix until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Occasionally turn the mixer off, and scrape the down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula.nReduce the speed of the mixer to low. Add the vanilla, raise the speed to high and mix briefly until fluffy scrape down the bowl occasionally. Store in the refrigerator until somewhat stiff, before using. May be stored in the refrigerator for 3 days.nChef: Sara Moulton, ingredients: [Vegetable oil for the pans, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 teaspoon cocoa powder, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons red food coloring 1 ounce, 1 teaspoon white distilled vinegar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, Crushed pecans, for garnish, 1 pound cream cheese, softened, 4 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter 1 cup, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Southern Red Velvet Cake, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 39647: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: 50 Smoothies, picturelink: null}, 39648: {instructions: Process the dates, raisins, and walnuts in a food processor until the mixture is finely chopped and begins to stick together. Add enough wine to make a sticky mass. Line a baking sheet with waxed paper. Drop slightly rounded measuring teaspoonfuls of the mixture onto a lined sheet. Roll each mound with moistened palms into hazelnutsize balls. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours or until firm., ingredients: [1 to 2 tablespoons sweet red passover wine, 2 cups pitted dates, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup dark raisins, 12 cup walnuts], title: Moroccan Harost Balls with Dates, Raisins and Nuts, picturelink: null}, 39649: {instructions: Mix together the cream, the sugar, and the grappa. Blend well.nSlice the peach, plum, and nectarine into 6 slices each. Divide slices among 6 shallow bowls. Cut strawberries in half, divide halves among the 6 bowls. Place 3 blueberries in each bowl.nDivide the cream mixture among the 6 bowls., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 5 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 4 teaspoons Grappa, 1  4 ounce peach, 1  4 ounce plum, 1  4 ounce nectarine, 3 large strawberries, 18 blueberries], title: Zuppa di Frutta, picturelink: null}, 39650: {instructions: Prepare the chicken: Put the mangoes, cilantro, chipotles, adobo sauce, vinegar, garlic, lemon juice, canola oil, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a food processor and puree until smooth. Adjust the seasoning to taste.nToss the chicken with half of the mango mixture in a resealable plastic bag and massage to coat the chicken with the sauce. Refrigerate at least 6 hours to marinate.nPut the other half of the mango mixture in a small saucepan and simmer over low heat until thick, stirring often, about 15 minutes. Season with salt. Set some of the simmered mango sauce aside for serving and use the rest for basting.nPreheat a grill to medium and brush with canola oil. Remove the chicken from the marinade, brushing off the excess marinade so it doesnt burn, and put on the grill. Grill the chicken, turning, until cooked through, about 30 minutes, basting with the simmered mango sauce during the last 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the chimichurri: Combine the cilantro, parsley, scallions, garlic, grapeseed oil, agave, lime juice, and salt and pepper to taste in a food processor and pulse to roughly chop. Continue processing until the sauce is finely chopped but not smooth it shouldnt be a puree. Set aside at least 15 minutes before serving.nTransfer the chicken to a platter and serve with the chimichurri and the reserved mango sauce.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [3 mangoes, peeled, pitted and chopped, 1 14 cups loosely packed fresh cilantro, not chopped, stems and all, 3 chipotle chile peppers in adobo sauce, plus 1 tablespoon sauce from the can, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar not seasoned, 4 cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 12 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for the grill, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper, 12 pieces skinon, bonein mixed chicken thighs and drumsticks about 5 pounds, 1 12 cups fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 scallions, white parts only, roughly chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon agave syrup, 14 cup fresh lime juice, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper], title: ChipotleMango Barbecue Chicken With Cilantro Chimichurri, picturelink: b7NtpyanVXCzFrAGH.4H993xUCIOi}, 39651: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large, deep nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the pan and brown the sausage in it. Transfer sausage to paper towel lined plate. Drain fat from skillet and return pan to the stove. Add the remaining tablespoon oil, and then the garlic and onion. Saute 3 to 5 minutes until the onions are tender.nAdd bay leaf, sage, and wine to the pan. Reduce wine by half, about 2 minutes. Add stock and pumpkin and stir to combine, stirring sauce until it comes to a bubble. Return sausage to pan, reduce heat, and stir in cream. Season the sauce with the cinnamon and nutmeg, and salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer mixture 5 to 10 minutes to thicken sauce.nReturn drained pasta to the pot you cooked it in. Remove the bay leaf from sauce and pour the sausage pumpkin sauce over pasta. Combine sauce and pasta and toss over low heat for 1 minute. Garnish the pasta with lots of shaved cheese and sage leaves.nServe pumpkin sausage pasta with pumpernickel or whole grain bread and Spinach Salad with Apple and Red Onion.nPlace spinach, apple, and onion in a salad bowl. Place oil, vinegar, mustard and honey in a small plastic container and fit lid on container. Shake dressing to combine, 1 minute. Pour dressing over salad, toss, and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 pound bulk sweet Italian sausage, 4 cloves garlic, cracked and chopped, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, 4 to 6 sprigs sage leaves, cut into chiffonade, about 2 tablespoons, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, canned or paper container, 1 cup canned pumpkin, 12 cup 3 turns around the pan heavy cream, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, ground or freshly grated, Coarse salt and black pepper, 1 pound penne rigate, cooked to al dente, Romano or Parmigiano, for grating, Pumpernickel or whole grain bread, as an accompaniment, Spinach Salad with Apple and Red Onion, as an accompaniment, recipe follows, 1 pound triplewashed spinach, destemmed, 1 small Golden Delicious apple, quartered, cored, and sliced, 14 small red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons a couple of splashes apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon grain mustard, 1 tablespoon a good drizzle honey, Coarse salt and black pepper], title: Pasta with Pumpkin and Sausage, picturelink: HsjGfqzOu6zefbpyoeLCdM3bF48HEJG}, 39652: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl until evenly combined set aside.nUsing a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment beat together the butter and sugars over medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Reduce the speed to low, add the flour mixture and mix until just combined. Stir in the chocolate and cherries until they are uniformly distributed.nScoop the dough by rounded tablespoons onto a baking sheet. Bake until the cookie edges are golden brown, about 14 minutes. Leave the cookies on the baking sheets on racks for 3 minutes. Repeat this process with the remaining dough. Using a spatula, transfer the cookies to racks to cool completely before serving., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup coarsely chopped dried sweet cherries], title: Vanilla Cherry Chocolate Cookies, picturelink: lp1aY1N3LQzUAVWBjDiSkUMn05mACZe}, 39653: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Season the chicken breasts with the cumin, coriander, oregano and some salt and pepper. Arrange them on a baking sheet along with the chorizo and drizzle all of the meats with the oil. Roast the chicken and chorizo until the chicken is cooked through and chorizo are golden brown, about 25 minutes.nWhile the meats are roasting prepare the pickled jalapenos. In a small pot, combine the vinegar, sugar and a pinch of salt bring the liquids to a boil. Remove the pot from the heat, toss in the jalapenos, and let sit for at least 10 minutes. Set aside.nWhile the meats are roasting prepare the chipotle cream. In a small bowl stir together the sour cream, chipotle in adobo, adobo sauce, honey or agave and a pinch of salt. Set aside. When the meats come out of the oven, thinly slice them and squeeze the juice of the lime over top.nServe the sliced chicken and chorizo along with the pickled jalapenos, chipotle cream, tortillas, and whatever taco toppings you like., ingredients: [2 6 to 8ounce boneless skinless chicken breasts, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 to 3 links fresh chorizo about 8 ounces total, 1 tablespoon canola or olive oil, Juice of 1 lime, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch of salt, 2 to 3 jalapenos, thinly sliced, 1 cup sour cream, 1 chipotle in adobo, finely chopped, plus 12 teaspoon adobo sauce, 1 teaspoon honey or agave nectar, Salt, 8 corn tortillas, charred if desired, Assorted taco toppings such as sliced radishes, sliced scallions, and chopped cilantro], title: Spicy Chicken and Chorizo Tacos, picturelink: null}, 39654: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Scatter the pecans on a rimmed sheet pan and toast until they are fragrant and a shade or two darker, 7 to 8 minutes. Cool.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook according to the package directions until al dente. Drain, reserving about 12 cup pasta water.nMeanwhile, put the pecans in a food processor with the lemon zest, basil, parsley and garlic and pulse six or seven times to make a chunky paste. Scrape down the sides of the work bowl and, with the processor running, add the olive oil in a steady stream to make an almostsmooth pesto.nScrape the pesto into a large serving bowl and stir in the cheese. Season with salt. Add the spaghetti and toss, adding the reserved pasta water to loosen, if needed.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 12 cups packed fresh basil leaves, 1 12 cups packed fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 clove garlic, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly grated parmigianoreggiano, 12 cup pecans, Kosher salt1 pound spaghetti, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon], title: Spaghetti with PecanHerb Pesto, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 39655: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F.nPut the pizza shell or focaccia onto a pizza pan or cookie sheet. Drizzle shell with oil and scatter minced garlic over shell to edges. Cover the pie with a layer of all 3 cheeses combined and work all the way to the edge of the shells. Top with artichoke hearts. Cook 6 to 8 minutes, until cheeses have melted and begin to bubble. Remove from oven and garnish with parsley. Cut pie with pizza wheel or knife into bitesize squares and serve., ingredients: [1 package thin crust prepared pizza shell or prepared focaccia, 16 ounces, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 3 large cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup shredded mozzarella found in dairy aisle, 1 cup shredded provolone found in dairy aisle, 14 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano or Romano a handful, 1 15ounce can artichoke hearts in water, drained and thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped parsley], title: 10Minute White Pizza, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 39656: {instructions: Bring 3 cups water and the ginger to a boil in a medium pot. Add the tea bags, take the pot off the heat, and steep for 4 minutes. Remove the tea bags and stir in the sugar until dissolved. Cool discard ginger.nPut the tea, peach nectar, tequila and lime juice in a pitcher and stir to combine. Stir in the peach slices. Serve over ice., ingredients: [One 1inch piece ginger, peeled, 5 black tea bags, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 cups peach nectar, 34 cup tequila, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Peach slices, for garnish, Ice, for serving], title: Peach Texas Tea, picturelink: I0yXUEAKr2dp0JiWCuIU4tRatTJl..}, 39657: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Arrange the red onions, eggplant, bell peppers and tomatoes on a baking sheet drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Broil, turning halfway through, until the vegetables are soft and slightly charred, about 12 minutes. Combine the kale and romaine in a large bowl with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and the vinegar. Add the broiled vegetables and toss.nMake the croutons: Spread the bread cubes on the same baking sheet, season with salt and pepper and broil until golden, turning once, 1 to 2 minutes.nDivide the salad among bowls. Top with the soppressata, pecorino and croutons, drizzle with olive oil and gently toss.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 red onions, halved and sliced, 2 small Japanese eggplants, halved lengthwise and sliced, 12 baby bell peppers any color, halved, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 5ounce package baby kale or 8 cups chopped kale leaves, 1 romaine lettuce heart, chopped, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 crusty wholewheat roll, cubed, 2 ounces delisliced soppressata or salami about 8 slices, cut into strips, 2 ounces pecorino romano cheese, shaved], title: Warm Kale Antipasto Salad, picturelink: ALyyoLKZWOSNWqDh2PzmB06.QMqsFKu}, 39658: {instructions: Special equipment: 24 ice pop moldsnBeat the cream cheese with an electric mixer until smooth. With the mixer on low, slowly add the confectioners sugar until well incorporated. Add the pistachio flavoring, vanilla and food coloring and mix well.nMicrowave the white chocolate together with the shortening in a microwavesafe bowl. Add the melted chocolate to the cream cheese mixture and mix well. Add the pistachios and dried cherries and mix well.nSpray 24 ice pop molds or an 8inch square pan and pour in the fudge. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour, then unmold and enjoy., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pistachio flavoring or extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon 4 drops green food coloring, 2 12 cups white chocolate chips, 14 cup solid vegetable shortening, 12 cup chopped pistachios, 12 cup chopped dried cherries, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Cherry Pistachio Fudge Pops, picturelink: ZWLgFyoxgxk5dw7grg.D.BrjlYJ3TCe}, 39659: {instructions: Cut potatoes across width into 18inch slices. Place in a large bowl and wash in cold, running water until water runs clear.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes, bring back to a boil, and cook until slices are barely soft, about 3 to 5 minutes. Drain in a colander.nCombine remaining ingredients in a medium bowl. Add warm potato slices and toss to combine. Serve immediately or chill. Potato salad may be kept in a sealed container in refrigerator for 2 to 3 days., ingredients: [2 pounds red potatoes, washed, with skins, 1 cup olive oil, 3 shallots, chopped, 1 12 bunches oregano, leaves only, chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper], title: Greek Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 39660: {instructions: Cheesecake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly butter or oil a 4cup glass loaf pan. Line the bottom and ends of the pan with a long piece of parchment paper.nBlend the ricotta, milk, sour cream, eggs, yolks, sugar, flour, salt and lemon zest in the blender or food processor, until smooth, about 1 minute. Pour into the prepared loaf pan. Bake until just set and barely golden, about 40 minutes. Turn the oven off and let cool in the oven for 10 minutes, then cool completely on a wire rack. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.nCherries: Toss the cherries, sugar and salt in a bowl and set aside for 30 minutes. Cook cherry mixture over mediumhigh heat until they soften and the juice gets syrupy, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the rum and lemon juice.nLift cheesecake out of the pan by the paper and transfer to a cutting board. Slice into serving pieces and place on a platter. Spoon the warm or room temperature cherries on top. Serve.nCopyright c 2007 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [Butter or oil for pan, 1 pound whole milk ricotta, 14 cup milk, 12 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs,, 2 large egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Pinch fine salt, 2 12 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest about1 12 lemons, 1 12ounce bag frozen dark sweet cherries, 34 cup sugar, Pinch fine salt, 2 tablespoons golden rum, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Ricotta Cheesecake with Warmed Cherries, picturelink: okXlO3G6428ds8Pfody3ituTaZ.SnCu}, 39661: {instructions: Preheat a grill on mediumhigh heat. Whisk together the whiskey, brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Stir in 2 tablespoons of the oil and the garlic. Add the steaks, turn a few times to coat with the marinade and let stand at room temperature for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, quarter each potato lengthwise to form wedges and put in a medium pot. Cover with cold water to cover by 1inch and add salt until the water tastes like sea water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, reduce the heat to medium and simmer until tender but not falling apart, about 15 minutes. Drain well. Toss with 1 tablespoon olive oil.nRemove the steaks from the marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Pour the marinade into a small pot and bring to a boil. Boil for 2 to 3 minutes until slightly reduced, making sure the sugar does not burn, to make a glaze and sauce for the steak.nGrill the steaks until an internal temperature on an instantread thermometer reads about 130 degrees F, 3 to 4 minutes per side, brushing with the boiled marinade several times in the last few minutes of grilling time. If you are cooking the filet mignon steaks, you will need to increase this time to 8 to 10 minutes per side to account for the thicker cut. Transfer to a large plate to rest for 5 to 10 minutes. While the steaks grill, add the potatoes to the grill and grill until wellmarked and crispy, turning to grill all sides, about 5 minutes total. Transfer the potato wedges to a bowl.nToss the grilled potatoes with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, chives, vinegar and salt and pepper to taste. Remove the garlic cloves from the remaining glaze and serve drizzled over the steaks with the potatoes on the side., ingredients: [12 cup whiskey, such as Jack Daniels, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, Four 8ounce flat iron steaks or filet mignon steaks, 1 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar], title: Whiskey Glazed Flat Iron Steaks and Grilled Potatoes, picturelink: hRcjkPtCtafLZus76PhE4xiioXTDny}, 39662: {instructions: In a small, heavy saucepan, combine all the marinade ingredients and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook for about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat. Set aside and let cool to room temperature.nLay each steak flat on the counter and tie each one horizontally so that the meat forms a tight, round package. You will need 6 pieces of kitchen twine, each measuring about 18 inches long.nSpread half the marinade over the bottom of a nonreactive casserole or deep baking pan just large enough to hold all 6 steaks snugly but without crowding. Arrange the steaks in the pan and coat with the remaining marinade. Cover and refrigerate for at least 3 hours or up to 5 hours.nRemove the steaks from the marinade and place them on a double thickness of paper towels to dry.nLight a fire in a charcoal grill or preheat a gas grill to medium.nSet the peppers over the hottest part of the grill and cook until they begin to char. Turn with tongs and continue grilling until the peppers are charred on all sides. Stand by the grill during this time, the peppers cook quickly. Using tongs to turn them prevents them from splitting open. Transfer immediately to a container just large enough to hold them. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and let the peppers cool to the touch. Rub the charred skin off the peppers. Remove the seeds and ribs from the peppers. Cut the peppers into strips.nAbout 15 minutes before grilling, remove the steaks from the refrigerator and let sit at room temperature. Season the steaks with salt and pepper and brush with half the oil. Grill for 7 minutes on 1 side. Turn and grill for 7 minutes longer on the other side. Turn 1 more time and grill for about 2 minutes longer for rare steak. Grill for 1 to 2 minutes longer for mediumrare. Take care when turning the steaks to that the grill marks on the meat are perpendicular to the grate.nTransfer the steaks to a warmer platter and remove the twine.nPlace a medium saute pan or skillet on the hottest part of the grill. Put the remaining 1 12 tablespoons oil and the sliced onions in the pan and cook, stirring, for about 5 minutes, or until the onions are lightly browned. Add the pepper strips and cook for about 2 minutes, or until heated through.nServe the steaks on warmed large plates with the grill marks showing. Carefully spoon the pepper and onions over half of each steak so that the grill marks are clearly visible.nPut the cloves in a dry cast iron skillet and cook over low heat for 20 to 30 minutes, or until softened. Turn frequently so that the cloves soften but do not brown. Slide the cloves from the skillet onto a plate to cool to the touch. Squeeze the softened garlic pulp from the individual cloves., ingredients: [12 cup molasses, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup Roasted Garlic Cloves, recipe follows, 1 branch fresh rosemary, 12 small Thai chile, thinly sliced or 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked pepper, 6 1pound venison loin steaks, bone in, 6 bell peppers, red and yellow, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 large Vidalia or other sweet onion, cut into 14inchthick slices, Unpeeled garlic cloves, as needed], title: Marinated Venison Loin Steaks with Onions and Sweet Peppers, picturelink: null}, 39663: {instructions: For the tapenade: Combine the olives, tomatoes, garlic, olive oil and vinegar in a food processor and pulse until the mixture is chopped but not pureed. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the sandwich: Spread some tapenade on both sides of the buns. Build each sandwich as follows: 2 ounces of mortadella, 2 ounces of salami, 1 ounce of chopped giardiniera, 2 ounces ham, 1 ounce of provolone, 1 lettuce leaf, 2 slices of tomato and top with the other half of the bun., ingredients: [6 ounces Greek mix pitted olives, 3 sundried tomatoes, 2 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 sesame seed buns, 12 ounces sliced mortadella, 12 ounces sliced salami, 6 ounces giardiniera, chopped, 12 ounces sliced black forest ham, 6 ounces sliced provolone, 6 leaves green leaf lettuce, 12 slices tomato], title: Muffuletta, picturelink: null}, 39664: {instructions: Heat the halfandhalf until it forms bubbles around the edge of the pan and steam starts to rise. Meanwhile, in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the egg yolks, sugar, and salt until mixed. Slowly add the hot halfandhalf until combined. Wipe out the pan and pour the mixture back into the clean pan. Cook over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, for 5 to 10 minutes, until its thickened and the cream coats the back of the spoon. Pour the cream through a finemeshed sieve into a bowl. Add the ground espresso beans, Kahlu00faa, and vanilla and refrigerate until completely chilled.nPour the espresso cream into an icecream freezer and freeze according to the manufacturers directions. Mix in the chopped espresso beans, spoon into a container, and allow to freeze for a few hours. Soften slightly before serving.nNote: Be sure you have finely ground espresso beans, not instant espresso., ingredients: [3 cups halfandhalf, 6 extralarge egg yolks, 23 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 2 12 tablespoons ground espresso coffee beans, regular or decaffeinated, 1 tablespoon Kahlua liqueur, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 ounces 12 cup chocolatecovered espresso beans, chopped], title: Espresso Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 39665: {instructions: Mix all ingredients, except the ice, together in a large pitcher and let sit for 15 minutes. Run through a strainer, china cap or chinois. Pour into ice filled glasses and pound er downnA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [32 ounces cold water, 5 lemons, zested, 10 lemons, juiced, 3 limes, zested, 5 limes, juiced, 10 ounces caffeinated lemonlime soda, 18 cup freshly chopped mint leaves, 1 cup white sugar, Crushed ice], title: Rugged Dude Bug Blaster, picturelink: null}, 39666: {instructions: Start by caramelizing the onions: place the onions in a skillet over medium heat with 1 tablespoon of the oil. Saute, stirring occasionally, until the onions turn a rich, deepgolden brown, about 30 minutes.nNext, in a 1quart or larger saucepan on medium heat, saute the shallots in the remaining 1 tablespoon oil until translucent and the edges begin to brown.nMince the caramelized onions and add to the shallots, along with the wine and vinegar. Reduce the liquid until syrupy and almost gone. Add the cream and chipotle, and reduce the liquid, until thickened by half. Add the lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste.nTurn down the heat to the lowest setting and stir in the cold butter a little at a time until melted. Repeat until all of the butter has been incorporated. Turn off the heat you do not want this mixture to come to a boil once the butter has been added and recheck for salt and pepper.nKeep the sauce in a warm place until ready to serve or store in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.nTo reheat, warm a couple tablespoons of cream in a small saucepan over low heat, and stir in the cold sauce a little bit at a time until completely incorporated do not boil.nServe with fresh oysters., ingredients: [1 cup thinly sliced raw onions, 2 tablespoons cooking oil, 3 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 cup white wine, 14 cup rice vinegar, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 chipotle chile in adobo, finely minced, plus more if needed, 12 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces cold butter, cubed, Oysters, for serving], title: Roasted Onion and Smoked Chile Oyster Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39667: {instructions: Trim broccolini of ends. Place 4 to 5inch long, thin stalks into a skillet and cover with water. Cover and bring to a boil. Add salt and reduce heat. Simmer broccolini 6 to 7 minutes, until tender and bright green. Drain the broccolini and return skillet to stove over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil to pan, then garlic. Cook garlic 2 to 3 minutes. Add broccolini to pan and coat in garlic and oil then serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds broccolini, Coarse salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 4 to 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped], title: Garlicky Broccolini, picturelink: null}, 39668: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl combine flour with salt, and pepper. Cut in the butter with a fork or pastry blender until the mixture looks crumbly.nIn another bowl combine eggs, milk, and sweet potato puree. Add to the flour mixture and stir gently until combined. Dont overmixnDivide dough into quarters. On a lightly floured surface roll each piece into a circle about 18inch thick. Cut the circles to fit the size of the serving bowls. Brush with egg wash and bake on a parchment lined baking sheet until lightly golden brown. Remove from the oven and set aside.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the flour and cook until deep golden brown. Slowly whisk in the hot milk and cook until thickened. Reduce the heat and cook for 5 minutes, whisking occasionally. If the mixture is too thick, thin with a little extra milk.nAdd the mushrooms, turnips, carrots, onions, peas and chicken to the sauce and gently fold to combine and heat through. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and stir in the parsley.nSpoon the hot filling into bowls and top with a circle of the baked sweet potato dough., ingredients: [1 pound allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 sticks butter, cut into pieces and chilled, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 cups sweet potato puree sweet potatoes roasted, peeled and pureed in food processor, 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium Spanish onion, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 to 5 cups whole milk, heated, 34 pound cremini mushrooms, quartered and sauteed until golden brown, 2 medium turnips, peeled, cut into medium dice, blanched and drained, 2 medium carrots, peeled, cut into matchsticks about 2inches long by 14inch thick, 12 frozen pearl onions, blanched and drained, 1 cup frozen peas, blanched and drained, 1 smoked chicken about 3 pounds meat shredded, bones discarded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup coarsely chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Smoked Chicken Pot Pie with Sweet Potato Crust, picturelink: null}, 39669: {instructions: Remove stems and seeds from dried chile pods. Rinse and place in 4quart pot. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Remove from heat, cover, and let pods steep for 30 minutes.nDrain pods in a colander and reserve juice. Place softened pods into a blender or food processor, adding just enough reserved juice to barely cover. Blend to a fine consistency. Pour the resulting pulp into a fine sieve or colander and allow the extra juice to drain out, stirring occasionally.nReturn this pulp to the 4quart pot and add the salt, oregano, and garlic. Bring to a boil, then simmer uncovered for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Taste to adjust seasonings. If the sauce tastes bitter, add the tomato sauce. Simmer for 5 more minutes.nUse red chile sauce over enchiladas, chile rellenos, or as a side or sauce for any other Mexican entree., ingredients: [8 cups dried whole New Mexico red chile pods medium hot, Water, to cover, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon ground or leaf Mexican oregano, 6 cloves minced garlic, or 2 to 3 teaspoons granulated garlic, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, optional], title: RED CHILE SAUCE, picturelink: null}, 39670: {instructions: For the whipped cream: In a large bowl or in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, add the cream and whip until it holds soft peaks. Add the sugar and continue to whip until it holds firm peaks.nFor the pumpkin spice mocha: Into a small saucepan over mediumlow heat, add the pumpkin puree, cocoa powder, granulated sugar, pumpkin pie spice, vanilla and 1 cup water. Stir until melted together to form a thick chocolate syrup, 1 to 2 minutes.nAdd 12 cup of the chocolate syrup to a large 2cup coffee mug. Add 2 shots of espresso and 1 cup of the hot milk and stir to combine. Repeat with the remaining ingredients and 3 more mugs. Top with dollops of whipped cream, a sprinkle of pumpkin pie spice and a pinch of flaky salt if using., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 23 cup pumpkin puree, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 8 shots brewed espresso, hot, 4 cups hot whole milk, Flaky sea salt, optional], title: Spiced Pumpkin Mocha, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 39671: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line regular sized cupcake pans with 15 liners.nMix the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Set aside. Cream the butter and sugar together in a bowl until pale yellow. Beat in the eggs and vanilla. Stir in the flour mixture alternating with the sour cream. Fold in the pureed strawberries.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake until baked through and golden brown, 18 to 22 minutes. Cool completely.nFill a piping bag with strawberry preserves. Cut the tip of the bag off and insert the tip into the center of a cooled cupcake. Squeeze to allow a small amount of mixture into the center. Release and remove the bag from the cupcake. Repeat on the other cupcakes.nFor the frosting: In a mixing bowl fitted with a whisk attachment, beat the cream and vanilla until fully whipped. Remove from the bowl. In the same bowl fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese and confectioners sugar until blended and smooth. Scrape down the sides and add the whipping cream. Mix until just blended. Fold in chopped walnuts.nTo assemble: Generously frost the cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 cups sifted flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup pureed strawberries, frozen and thawed, or fresh, 1 cup chopped walnuts, Strawberry preserves, 1 cup whipping cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 8 ounces cream cheese, 1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts], title: Strawberry Thumbprint Cupcake, picturelink: AX7G60nAHRsMuC6Fk.OJhFiRnOsrI56}, 39672: {instructions: Rub Cajun spice into the surface of the meat. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit while you prepare the sauce and pasta. The rub will actually begin to cure the meat.nFor the sauce, melt butter in a large saucepan which will be large enough to accommodate the pound of cooked pasta, and saute onion until it becomes translucent. Mix in the flour to make a roux. Gradually add chicken broth and allow thickening. Remove from heat and whisk in Parmesan. Immediately cover surface of sauce with a sheet of plastic wrap and set aside briefly.nBring a pot of water to boil for the pasta.nHeat olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a skillet. Cook the sundried tomatoes for a few minutes, then with a slotted spoon transfer them to the cheese sauce and whisk in. Cover the pot of sauce and set aside. Reserve the skillet and all the bits in it for the meat.nBoil the pasta until al dente and drain. Add the cooked pasta to the saute pan containing the sauce and fold to coat pasta. Season with salt and pepper, as needed. Keep covered in a warm place while you cook the steaks.nOver medium high heat, sear the steaks, about 3 minutes per side and cook to your liking. Slice steaks into bite sized pieces and serve over pasta., ingredients: [1 tablespoon to 14 cup Irvine Spices Cajun Blackening spice, 1 12 to 2 pounds top round steak, cut into 8 pieces and pounded with a meat mallet, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 1 medium onion, minced, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup hot chicken broth, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup about 8 ounces sundried tomatoes packed in oil or if dehydrated soaked in, warm water, chopped, 1 pound dried ziti pasta, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Fun in the SunDried Tomato Alfredo over Penne with Cajun Steak, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 39673: {instructions: To marinate the beef, place the cubes in a large glass or stainlesssteel bowl. Add the wine, carrot, celery and onion. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight. Line both a baking sheet and a large plate with paper towels. With a slotted spoon, remove the beef from the marinade and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Pat the meat dry with paper towels. Strain the marinade, reserving separately both the vegetables and the liquid. To cook the beef, heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until the fat is rendered and the bacon is crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to the prepared plate to drain. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat from the skillet. Decrease the heat to medium, add 2 tablespoons of the canola oil and heat until shimmering. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Add the beef to the skillet in two or three batches dont crowd the pan and sear until it is nicely browned on all sides, about 5 minutes transfer to the prepared baking sheet when done. Set aside. Add the reserved vegetables from the beef marinade to the skillet and cook until they start to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the vegetables and toss again to lightly coat. Cook, stirring constantly, until the flour turns brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the vegetables and beef to the insert of a slow cooker. Add the reserved marinade liquid and enough stock to barely cover the meat. Add the bouquet garni, tomato paste and garlic and stir to combine. Cover and cook on high heat for 3 to 4 hours or low for 6 to 8 hours. Alternatively, you can cook the stew without a slow cooker: Instead of cooking the bacon and beef in a skillet, simply start in a large Dutch oven and do not transfer the vegetables and beef. Cover the Dutch oven and place in an oven preheated to 350 degrees F until the meat is tender, 2 12 to 3 hours. Remove and discard the bouquet garni. Add the mushrooms and continue to cook until tender, about 30 minutes. Stir in the reserved bacon. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve piping hot with noodles, potatoes or rice. Or, better yet, cool, refrigerate and reheat to serve the next day., ingredients: [3 pounds lean rump roast, chuck pot roast, sirloin tip, top round or bottom round, cut into 2inch cubes, One 750milliliter bottle red wine, 1 carrot, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 stalk celery, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 onion, coarsely chopped, 4 slices thickcut bacon, cut into matchsticks lardons, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more if needed, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups beef stock or lowfat reducedsodium beef broth, 1 bouquet garni 10 black peppercorns, 5 sprigs thyme, 4 sprigs flatleaf parsley and 2 bay leaves, preferably fresh, tied together in cheesecloth, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 8 ounces white button mushrooms, halved or quartered if large], title: SlowCooker Beef Stew, picturelink: v0S6ygLagEB4tPGJiNN.qtoxNamht6e}, 39674: {instructions: Quarter the white parts of 4 scallions lengthwise thinly slice the green parts. Soak the scallion whites in cold water, 15 minutes drain. Whisk 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 minced garlic clove, 1 teaspoon each sesame oil, chili oil and kosher salt, and 12 teaspoon sugar. Toss with the scallions white and green parts, 2 bunches cilantro leaves and tender stems, 1 thinly sliced serrano chile and 1 english cucumber cut into thin strips.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Spicy CilantroScallion Salad, picturelink: G.DMX0.R1kL6LX5WYdUfo865O6RhX5O}, 39675: {instructions: For the chutney: Blend the cilantro, lemon juice, garlic, ginger, chiles, coconut, pistachios, and cumin in a food processor to a puree.nHeat a small amount of the vegetable oil in a small saucepan over a medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the mustard seeds. Be careful of the popping mustard seeds and splattering of oil. When the mustard seeds start to pop, remove the pan from the heat, and add the seeds to the chutney mixture. Season the mixture well with salt, and freshly ground black pepper.nIn a separate bowl, mix 2 tablespoons of the chutney mixture with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Brush the chutney mixture all over the sea bass, and set aside to marinate for 20 to 30 minutes.nWhile the fish is marinating, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhen the fish has marinated, spoon the remaining chutney mixture into the cavities of the sea bass. Place the stuffed sea bass onto a sheet pan, and bake in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the flesh of each sea bass is opaque.nTo serve the dish, divide the stuffed sea bass among four serving plates. Spoon a portion of the new potatoes and green salad alongside. Garnish each plate with a wedge of lemon., ingredients: [Bunch fresh cilantro sprigs, washed, leaves picked, 5 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 cloves garlic, left whole, 1 34inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 2 green chiles, seeded, 3 12 ounces freshly grated coconut, 20 pistachio nuts, shelled, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, Vegetable oil, for frying, plus 1 tablespoon, 12 teaspoon brown mustard seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound 4 ounce sea bass, butterflied ask your fishmonger to do this for you, skin scored at 1inch intervals, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, New potatoes, boiled, Green salad, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Baked ChutneyStuffed Sea Bass, picturelink: null}, 39676: {instructions: In a medium bowl, soak green onions in ice water to keep crisp. In a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 400 degrees F. Add half of the julienned taro root to the oil. Fry about 2 minutes, or until crisp and light gold in color. Remove taro slices from oil, drain on paper towels, and lightly salt. Repeat with remaining taro root.nBring oil back up to 400 degrees F. Add half the vermicelli to the oil and fry until the noodles start to curl, about 2 or 3 seconds.. Remove the vermicelli from the oil, drain on paper towel and lightly salt. Fry the remaining vermicelli.nRemove the julienned green onion from the ice water and drain on paper towels. Divide the vermicelli equally among 4 serving plates. Divide and arrange the julienned green onions, cucumber, carrot, jicama, and diced tomatoes evenly over vermicelli. Top salads with the pickled onions and the fried taro root.nSprinkle 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds and 1 12 teaspoons crushed peanuts over each salad. In a small bowl, combine the edible flower petals, fennel seedlings, daikon sprouts, and fried shallots. Divide the flowersproutshallot mixture evenly among salad plates. Serve the salads with the Salted Apricot Dressing alongside.nIn a small saucepan add the rice wine vinegar and water and over medium heat, bring the mixture to a boil. Add the salt, black peppercorns, fennel seeds, bay leaf, and thyme to the saucepan and boil another 5 minutes. In a medium nonreactive bowl, combine the julienned red onion and the hot vinegar mixture. Toss gently to coat and let sit for at least 1 hour.nIn a blender, add the salted apricot paste, rice wine vinegar, mirin, Dashi, Onion Oil, sugar, ginger, and the salt. Blend until smooth, about 30 seconds., ingredients: [1 Pickled Red Onion, recipe follows, 1 12 cups Salted Apricot Dressing, recipe follows, 2 green onions, both white and green parts, julienned, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 12 taro root, peeled and julienned, 2 ounces rice vermicelli, broken into 3inch pieces, 1 large English cucumber, julienned, 1 large carrot, julienned, 1 small jicama, peeled and julienned, 2 large roma tomatoes, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced, 4 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds, 6 teaspoons crushed roasted peanuts, 4 teaspoons edible flower petals, 4 teaspoons fennel seedlings, 4 teaspoons purple basil seedlings, 4 teaspoons daikon sprouts, 4 teaspoons fried shallots, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black peppercorns, 14 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 medium red onion, julienned, 1 cup salted apricot ume paste, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon mirin, 1 teaspoon Dashi, 1 12 tablespoons Onion Oil, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Singaporean Slaw Salad with Salted Apricot Dressing, picturelink: null}, 39677: {instructions: For the crust: In a medium mixing bowl mix crushed pretzels with butter and press into 9inch pie pan.nFor the filling: In a small saucepan combine 12 of the limeade and gelatin, heat until dissolved and cool completely. Combine remaining limeade, condensed milk, gelatin mixture and zest in a large bowl. In a separate mixing bowl, whip cream until soft peaks form. Fold whipped cream into milk mixture and mound into crust. Chill 2 hours and garnish with candy lime slices., ingredients: [3 cups pretzels, crushed, 12 cup butter 1 stick, 1 container limeade frozen concentrated, thawed, 1 packet gelatin, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, 12 teaspoon lime zest, 2 cups whipping cream, 12 cup candy lime slices, optional], title: Margarita Pie, picturelink: null}, 39678: {instructions: 1. Season chicken, if desired, with salt and ground black pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook chicken, stirring frequently, 6 minutes or until thoroughly cooked. Remove chicken and keep warm.n2. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in same skillet and cook red pepper and onion, stirring frequently, 4 minutes or until vegetables are crisptender. Add Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, orange juice and brown sugar, stirring until sauce is smooth. Return chicken to skillet and toss to coat. Season, if desired, with soy souce and garnish with chopped parsley and chopped peanuts. Serve with hot cooked rice., ingredients: [1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, thinly sliced, 2 Tbsp. olive oil, divided, 12 cup snow peas, 1 red or orange bell pepper, cut into large chunks, 1 small onion, cut into large chunks, 14 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, 2 Tbsp. orange juice, 2 Tbsp. firmly packed brown suga], title: Orange Glazed Chicken Stir Fry, picturelink: M61I8AcKpnDBiCNa4GfRyfSbI6IHNkG}, 39679: {instructions: To prepare the chicken, season the flour with salt and pepper. Slice the chicken breasts to 14inchthick medallions. Coat with the flour and tap off any excess.nNext, in a saucepan over medium heat, add enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan and allow to warm. After warming, add the chicken and cook until browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and repeat the process. After cooking all the chicken, hold warm covered on a plate. Add the marsala to the pan over mediumhigh heat. This will deglaze the pan. After deglazing, reduce the wine by threefourths volume so 2 ounces remain. Then add the mushrooms. Stir the mushrooms, scraping the sides, then finish with the veal stock. Allow the stock to warm and thicken for 4 to 5 minutes, and then remove from the heat. Stir in the butter and finish by spooning over the cooked chicken. Garnish with fresh herbs or cheese if desired., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds chicken breasts, Grapeseed oil, for cooking, 34 cup marsala wine, 1 cup veal or beef stock, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, 12 cup 14inchthick sliced mushrooms, Fresh herbs such as chives or grated cheese, for garnish, optional], title: Chicken Marsala, picturelink: 21sjeRw5PEerY2yKK7g0Ttgyqrn85m2}, 39680: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Immerse the bacon, pig foot, ham hock and pig neck and boil for about 1 hour. Wash all the cabbages, add a touch of vinegar, and then drain. Combine the peppercorns, juniper berries, cumin, bay leaves and cloves in a cheesecloth and tie string around the top to make a bouquet garni.nAfter 1 hour of boiling the meats, add the bouquet garni, sausages, turnips, carrots, garlic and onions and cook for about 30 minutes.nTo serve, arrange the meats and vegetables on a platter and reserve the bouillon from the meats to dip bread in., ingredients: [2 pounds bacon, 1 pig foot, 1 whole ham hock, 1 cured pig neck, 1 whole savoy cabbage, quartered, cored, and each section quartered again, 12 white cabbage, quartered, and then each quarter halved, White vinegar, 2 teaspoons crushed white peppercorns, 1 tablespoon juniper berries, 1 teaspoon cumin, 2 bay leaves, 2 cloves, 6 small cabbagestuffed sausages, 6 Strasbourg sausages, 5 small turnips, peeled and quartered, 3 carrots, halved and then cut lengthwise into quarters, 3 cloves garlic, halved, germs removed, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 extralarge or 3 regular pork sausages, Bread, for dipping], title: Potee Savoyard, picturelink: null}, 39681: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high. Brush the pineapple and bell pepper with canola oil grill, turning, until the pineapple is golden brown on both sides and the pepper is slightly charred, about 6 minutes.nLet the bell pepper cool, then peel, seed and dice. Dice the pineapple and place in a bowl. Add the bell pepper, jicama, red onion, chiles, vinegar, olive oil and basil season with salt and pepper and toss., ingredients: [12 small pineapple, peeled, cored and sliced into 12inchthick rings, 1 red bell pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 small jicama, peeled and finely diced, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 2 red chile peppers such as Thai bird or Fresno, stemmed and finely diced, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled PineappleJicama Salsa, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 39682: {instructions: In a saucepan combine the rice and water, bring to a boil, stirring, and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Add 2 cups of the milk, the sugar, raisins, cashews or pistachios, cardamom seeds, and cinnamon, and simmer, stirring often, for 10 to 15 minutes more, or until rice is tender and mixture creamy. Add additional milk if necessary. Pudding may also be served chilled., ingredients: [1 cup short grain Indian or Italian Arborio rice, 1 12 cups water, 2 to 3 cups milk, 12 cup sugar, or to taste, 14 cup golden raisins, 14 cup raw cashews or shelled pistachios, chopped fine, Seeds from 4 cardamom pods, Ground cinnamon, to taste], title: Warm Indian Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 39683: {instructions: Heat a small skillet over medium heat and fry the bacon pieces until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer the bacon with a slotted spoon to a paper towel to drain. Reserve the rendered bacon fat.nArrange the scallops so they lay flat and are evenly spaced on a flat plate or large pie pan. Pat them completely dry with a paper towel. Heat the bacon fat in a large skillet over high heat. Season the scallops with salt and pepper to taste. When the fat is hot, invert the plate of scallops over the skillet so the scallops fall into the pan all at once. Sear the scallops, undisturbed, until they are golden brown on the bottom, about 3 minutes. Turn the scallops and cook for 1 minute more. Turn off the heat, add the lemon zest and juice, parsley, and reserved bacon pieces, and toss to combine. Divide the scallops among 4 plates or a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 slices bacon about 2 ounces, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 12 pounds sea scallops, muscle removed see note, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Seared Scallops with Lemon and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 39684: {instructions: In shallow pan with hot water gentle rehydrate tapioca paper, until soft.nPlace paper on rolling mat and apply sushi rice on 23 of paper. Place pork, French fries, and avocado on rice.nFirmly roll paper into itself creating a maki roll. Move mat to 1 side of roll and firm up the end with palm of your hand, and repeat on the other side. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nCut each roll into 6 equal pieces and garnish on top of roll with Garlic Chili Mayo.nGarnish plate with wasabi and gari.nWash rice 6 times, until water runs clear from rice. Cook rice in rice cooker and let stand after cooking for 15 minutes. Combine rice vinegar, salt and sugar until dissolved, this is the sushi zu.nPlace rice in a hangiri, or wooden bowl, and pour sushi zu over top as evenly as possible. Spread the rice out around the bowl as evenly as possible, separating the rice from itself not mashing it. Flip entire rice mixture over and let stand for another 10 minutes. Keep rice in some type of thermal container.nMix all ingredients thoroughly and refrigerate., ingredients: [4 tapioca papers, 12 ounces sushi rice, recipe follows, 8 ounces pulled BBQ pork butt, 16 french fries crispy, 8 slices avocado 14inch thick, 4 tablespoons Spicy Chili Mayo, recipe follows, Wasabi, for garnish, Gari pickled ginger, for garnish, 2 12 cups Japanese shortgrain rice, 2 12 cups water, 1 cup rice vinegar, Pinch sea salt, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup mayonnaise recommended: Kewpie, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon tamari, 12 tablespoon lime juice, 12ounce chili paste], title: Jackass Roll, picturelink: null}, 39685: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the potatoes into a large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk the herbs, garlic, and oil together until blended, and then pour over the potatoes. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Transfer the potatoes to a heavy large baking dish, spacing them evenly apart.nRoast the potatoes until they are tender and golden, turning them occasionally with tongs, about 1 hour. Transfer the roasted potatoes to a decorative platter and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and herbes de Provence, if desired. Serve hot or warm., ingredients: [12 pound small redskinned potatoes about 1 34inch diameter, scrubbed, 12 pound small whiteskinned potatoes about 1 34inch diameter, scrubbed, 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, plus extra for garnish, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Baby Potatoes with Herbs, picturelink: adMSgVR2ERrznnVkXVM2fwf7bkPrGW}, 39686: {instructions: In a large saute pan over high heat, add the oil and when hot, add the onions and saute for 5 to 6 minutes. Add the red chile flakes and garlic and saute for 1 minute longer. Season the chicken with the salt and pepper and add the chicken and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Add in the mushrooms, zucchini, and canned tomatoes. Add the chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Allow to cook for 5 minutes, and then add the spinach and cream. Cook until heated through and just starting to thicken, about 4 minutes. Finish with the vodka, combine, and turn off the heat. Add the pasta to the pan, combine gently, place on a serving platter or in individual serving bowls, and garnish with the Parmesan and diced tomatoes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, cut into 1inch dice, 18 teaspoon crushed red chile flakes, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1inch dice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups sliced cremini mushrooms, 1 cup sliced zucchini, cut into halfmoons, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, preferably fire roasted recommended: Muir Glen, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 12 cups baby spinach, 34 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons vodka, 1 pound whole grain penne pasta, cooked al dente, 13 cup grated Parmesan, for garnish, 1 Roma tomato, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, for garnish], title: Tipsy Garden Pasta, picturelink: 6VHIA1j3jl.fWvVSck7WHJrdMzQlc.2}, 39687: {instructions: Trim beet greens at the base of the beet. Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add the beets. Reduce the heat and cook, uncovered, at a low boil until tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Test the beets by inserting a paring knife or skewer. If there is no resistance, they are ready to be drained. Drain when tender and allow to cool or run them under cold water to cool them quickly. Peel, cut into large pieces, and set aside.nHeat oil in a small saute pan, add the onion and 14 teaspoon salt, cook until tender, about 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 more minutes. Combine the oniongarlic and beets in a blender or food processor. Add 2 cups stock and puree until smooth. Add water 1 cup at a time until desired consistency, being careful not to make soup too thin. Add the orange juice, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, and a few pinches of pepper. Season if needed with lemon juice, vinegar, salt and pepper. Chill the soup, ladle into bowls. Garnish each with a swirl of sour cream and a sprinkle of dill, ingredients: [3 pounds beets, 1 tablespoon light olive oil, 12 yellow onion, coarsely chopped, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons garlic, minced, 2 cups vegetable or chicken stock, 2 to 3 cups water, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 2 to 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Rice wine vinegar or Champagne vinegar, Sour cream, 2 teaspoons fresh dill], title: Chilled Beet Soup, picturelink: null}, 39688: {instructions: Mix 14 cup each dijon mustard and honey, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, and salt to taste.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Honey Mustard, picturelink: ygDbqvtbrCAMzolgyzmNatz5IZ1IKqi}, 39689: {instructions: Cut the chicken wings apart at the joints and discard the tips. Combine 6 cups water, 14 cup of the honey, 14 cup of the chiligarlic sauce and the salt in a large glass bowl. Stir until the salt is dissolved. Add the wings and refrigerate for 30 minutes or up to 4 hours.nTo make the basting and dipping sauce, combine the remaining chiligarlic sauce, remaining honey, sweet soy sauce, Sriracha, lowsodium soy sauce, ginger and vinegar in a small bowl and mix well. Set aside half of the sauce for serving in order to avoid contamination.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Drain the wings and sprinkle them with sea salt and pepper. Grill the wings until golden, 15 to 20 minutes, turning as needed. When the wings reach the right color, continue cooking over indirect heat until theyre at the desired doneness, then baste them with the sauce, turning as needed until the wings are glossy and well coated. Garnish the wings with the green onions and sesame seeds and serve with the reserved dipping sauce., ingredients: [5 pounds chicken wings, 1 cup honey, 13 cup chiligarlic sauce, 14 cup kosher salt, 12 cup sweet soy sauce, 3 tablespoons Sriracha sauce, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup minced fresh ginger, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced green onions, for garnish, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted, for garnish], title: Firecracker Chicken Wings, picturelink: 6Zgr.gHT5FtMpr3VIOnmaUe1qyZpxZW}, 39690: {instructions: Salted Version: Beat yogurt until smooth and gradually stir in iced water. Season with salt and pepper.nSweet Version: Beat yogurt with sugar until smooth and gradually beat in iced soda and pureed mango. Drink will froth up like a milk shake., ingredients: [1 cup yogurt, 3 cups iced water, Salt and pepper to taste, 12 cup yogurt, 2 12 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups iced soda, 1 cup pureed mango], title: Lassis Yogurt Drinks, picturelink: null}, 39691: {instructions: Heat white sauce and add wine. Flour flounder and shake off excess flour. Heat butter in large pan, add floured fish, then add crayfish, tomatoes and oysters. Toss gently in the butter, move foods to one side of pan, pour over warmed brandy and light. Stir seafood into flames. Pour over 1 12 cups of sauce to douse flames. Add shrimp. In separate pan add some clarified butter and toss mushrooms with lemon juice and a pinch of cayenne. Add the seafood. Lay pancakes on warmed serving dish, place a large tablespoonful of mixture into the center. Fold over either side and turn whole filled pancake upside down. Continue in this manner until all pancakes are filled. Add 1 tablespoon of the cheese to the remaining sauce, spoon sauce over pancakes, dust surface with remaining cheese and place under grill to brown. Serve dusted with cayenne pepper and finely chopped parsley. Serve accompanied by lemon wedges., ingredients: [3 34 cups white sauce, 12 cup dry white wine, warmed, 34 cup seasoned flour, 1 12 pounds flounder or sole, filleted and skinned and cut into 2 by 1inch fingers, 14 cup clarified butter, 1 small crayfish lobster cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cups tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 12 oysters, halved, 14 cup brandy, warmed, 1 cup shrimp, peeled, 2 cups mushrooms, sliced, Lemon juice to taste and 2 lemons for garnish, Pinch cayenne pepper, 4 pancakes 10 inches in diameter, 2 tablespoons freshly grated parmesan cheese, Parsley, finely chopped for garnish], title: Crepes Fruits de Mer, picturelink: null}, 39692: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the passion fruit puree, rum and Simple Syrup in a cocktail shaker, add large ice cubes, shake vigorously, doublestrain into a champagne flute and top with the champagne. Use a bar spoon to slowly pull from the bottom to mix throughout. Garnish with a rose petal.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 ounce passion fruit puree, 12 ounce dark rum, 12 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 4 ounces champagne, Rose petal, for garnish, 1 cup sugar], title: Mothers Ruin, picturelink: Ip8xOH7TRsTLsV975Xx3GD5PhlTW8ca}, 39693: {instructions: For the rice balls: In a large mixing bowl, add the cooled rice, grated coconut, chopped onion, red curry paste, oyster sauce, paprika, salt, soup base, sugar and egg and gently toss until the rice mixes well with the other ingredients. Form small balls by squeezing the rice between both hands remember to make them tight so they will not fall apart when frying. Rest the rice balls in the fridge for 1 hour before frying.nTo fry the balls: Heat the oil in a large frying pan until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Add the balls to the frying pan in batches of 6 to 7, making sure not to overcrowd the pan or the balls will stick together and the rice will break apart. Cook until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to drain the oil. Repeat with the remaining rice balls. Let cool for 1 hour at room temperature.nFor the salad: In a large bowl, break the fried rice balls apart and add the cured pork, pork skin if using, cilantro, green onion, ginger if using, sugar, roasted peanuts if using, lime juice and fried chiles if using and gently mix them together well. Eat with or without lettuce., ingredients: [13 cups cooked rice, cooled see Cooks Note, 1 cup grated coconut, 14 cup chopped yellow onion 12 onion, 3 tablespoons red curry paste, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoons granulated chickenflavored soup base, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 egg, 5 cups neutral oil, for frying, Five 5ounce packs cured porkfermented pork sausage, cut into bitesize pieces see Cooks Note, 1 bag cooked sliced pork skin about 7 ounces, soaked in cold salted water, rinsed twice and air dried, optional see Cooks Note, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup chopped green onion, 12 cup julienned ginger, optional, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons roasted peanuts, optional, 1 tablespoon lime juice, Fried whole chiles, as desired, optional, 3 heads lettuce, for serving, optional], title: Nam Kao: Lao Crispy Fried Rice Ball Salad, picturelink: .sK5.WuzeLh1XecbrT3.WmDnDSPb6C}, 39694: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the duck: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Place the duck legs in a 9by13inch baking pan, cover the legs with duck fat and add the star anise. Cover the baking pan with foil. Cook until the meat is able to pull away from the bone but also stays intact, 4 hours.nTo serve, place the duck skinside down on a griddle or sautee pan over medium heat for until the skin is crispy and golden, 4 to 5 minutes.nFor the glaze: While the duck is in the oven, prepare the sauce. In a medium saucepan, mix the orange juice, sugar, vinegar, soy sauce, ginger and star anise. Bring to a simmer for 5 minutes. Allow to cool, and then strain.nTo serve, reduce the glaze by half over mediumhigh heat, it should get thick and sticky.nPour the reduced sauce onto the crispy duck legs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 duck legs, Duck fat, enough to cover legs, 8 whole star anise, 4 cups orange juice, 3 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 cups rice wine vinegar, 12 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 8 whole star anise], title: OrangeAnise Glazed Duck, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 39695: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place a rack in the middle of the oven and another in the lower third. Combine the oats, walnuts, sugar, salt and mashed banana, then cut in the butter. Spread the mixture on a parchmentpaperlined baking sheet. With damp hands, pat the mixture into an even 14inch layer. Place the sweet potatoes, cutside up, in a baking pan and place on the bottom oven rack. Place the topping on the upper rack. Bake the topping until the edges are lightly browned, 15 to 18 minutes. Cool the topping, but leave the potatoes in the oven to continue cooking until a knife inserted in the center comes out easily, about 1 hour total. When the topping is cool enough to handle, break into peasize crumbles. Use a fork to scrape and fluff the insides of the potatoes. Sprinkle the potatoes with the crumb topping, then drizzle each with some of the honey and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup rolled oats, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 4 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 banana, mashed 2 tablespoons, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, at room temperature and cut into bits, Two 12ounce sweet potatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Roasted Sweet Potato with Banana Walnut Crumbles, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 39696: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the mayonnaise and chipotle chiles in a food processor and blend until smooth. Generously spread the cut sides of the rolls with the chipotle mayonnaise. Cover the bottom half of each roll with 1 thinly sliced chicken breast, overlapping the slices. Top each portion of chicken with 5 slices of tomato and 4 slices of avocado. Cover with 2 slices of cheese.nPlace assembled sandwiches open faced on a sheet pan and bake until cheese is melted, about 8 minutes. Cover the sandwiches, slice in half and serve immediately.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, garlic, salt, and paprika. While whisking, drizzle in the oil until incorporated. Add the chicken, cover, and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours and up to overnight.nPreheat a stovetop grill pan until hot. Grill the chicken, turning once, until well marked and cooked through, about 15 to 20 minutes. When cool enough to handle, slice very thin and make the sandwiches., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, 4 Mexicanstyle soft rolls called Telera, split in half see note, Grilled Chicken, recipe follows, 4 plum tomatoes, cut into 20 thin slices, 1 Hass avocado, peeled, seeded, and cut into 16 thin slices, 8 thin slices pepper Jack cheese about 8 ounces, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 cup olive oil, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves about 4 ounces each], title: Mexican Telera Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 39697: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Add the onion, garlic and jalapenos and cook until soft. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool slightly.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the horseradish, mustard, creme fraiche until combined. Stir in the onion mixture. Add the crabmeat and 2 tablespoons of the flour and gently fold to combine season with salt and pepper. If the mixture appears too loose, add more flour, tablespoons at a time. Refrigerate, covered for at least 1 hour or up to 1 day.nDivide the chilled crab mixture into 8 patties about 12inch thick. Dredge each cake in the corn chips or cornmeal and tap off excess.nHeat the remaining 4 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick saute pan over high heat and fry the cakes for about 3 minutes on each side, or until crusty and lightly browned. Place 2 crab cakes on a dinner plate and top each cake with a tablespoon of the relish and drizzle with the vinaigrette.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving.nCombine the basil, mayonnaise, vinegar and a little water in a blender and blend until smooth. Add the honey, olive oil and salt, to taste, and blend a few more seconds., ingredients: [6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium red onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 jalapenos, diced, 14 cup prepared horseradish, drained, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 2 pounds lump crabmeat, picked over, 2 to 4 tablespoons instant flour recommended: Wondra, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups blue cornmeal, Black OliveRoasted Red Pepper Relish, recipe follows, Basil Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 2 roasted red peppers, peeled, seeded and diced, 14 cup kalamata olives, pitted and chopped, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons basil chiffonade, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Water, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Blue Corn Crab Cakes with Black OliveRed Pepper Relish and Basil Vinaigrette, picturelink: Ak4Cg9b7tRzikn7eTXS6Ic7HlYDWIsK}, 39698: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the apples with the sugar, cinnamon, and cornstarch until well coated. Place in a 9 by 12inch baking dish.nPut the flour, brown sugar, and butter in a food processor, and pulse until crumbly. Add the nuts and pulse, to coarsely chop them. Place the topping onto the apples and bake for 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve warm., ingredients: [8 granny smith apples, peeled, cored, and sliced, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 34 cup flour, 1 cup brown sugar, 34 cup butter, 12 cup walnuts], title: Apple Crisp, picturelink: null}, 39699: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the pumpkin puree in a fine sieve over a bowl set aside to drain while you make the sauce.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until translucent, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 2 more minutes. Add the sausage and cook until brown, breaking it up with a wooden spoon. Pour in the wine and cook until reduced by half. Stir in the tomato sauce and herbs and bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat. Season with salt and pepper, cover and reduce the heat to low. Simmer 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the lasagna noodles and cook as the label directs. Drain and toss with the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil.nMix the strained pumpkin puree with the egg in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. In a separate bowl, mix the ricotta, 1 cup mozzarella and the romano.nBuild your lasagna in a 9by13inch baking dish: Start with a layer of sauce, then top with a layer of noodles. Evenly spread half of the pumpkin filling, then half of the zucchini, over the noodles. Top with half of the cheese mixture and cover with some of the sauce. Repeat the layers, finishing with noodles and sauce sprinkle with the remaining 1 cup mozzarella. Bake, uncovered, 35 to 40 minutes, or until bubbly. Let cool 15 minutes before slicing.nPhotograph by Ngoc Minh Ngo, ingredients: [1 cup pumpkin puree, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 to 6 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 pound spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, 12 cup red wine, 1 28ounce can tomato sauce, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 16ounce box lasagna noodles, 1 large egg, 2 12 cups ricotta cheese, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 12 cup shredded romano cheese, 1 large zucchini, very thinly sliced], title: Pumpkin Lasagna, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 39700: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment. Wash and dry the apples well, insert a chopstick into the stem end of each one, and stand on the prepared baking sheet. Place the baking sheet and cream next to the stove.nPut the sugar, corn syrup and 12 cup water in a medium saucepan with high sides and heat over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes.nRaise the heat to high and cook without stirring until the mixture is honey colored, about 10 minutes. If you have a thermometer, it should read 330 degrees F. If the flames reach up around the sides of the pot, keep the heat at medium high. Remove from the heat and immediately and carefully whisk in the cream the mixture will darken as you do. Because the mixture will bubble up, use a whisk with a longer handle so the steam doesnt burn your hand.nLet the mixture cool for 3 12 minutes, then carefully dip an apple into the caramel mixture, roll in a topping and set on the prepared baking sheet repeat with the remaining apples. If the caramel cools while dipping, reheat it briefly over low heat, swirling occasionally do not stir., ingredients: [6 to 8 small apples Granny Smith work best, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Toppings: Mini chocolate chips, chopped salted peanuts, crushed pretzels, flaky salt, and sprinkles], title: Caramel Apples, picturelink: null}, 39701: {instructions: Special equipment: Bundt cake pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Adjust the racks to the center of the oven. Spray a Bundt pan with nonstick spray.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, salt, ginger, cloves and nutmeg in a large bowl. Beat together the butter and brown sugar in a separate bowl with an electric handheld mixer until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, until incorporated. Alternate adding the flour mixture and the applesauce, ending with the flour, being careful not to overmix. Transfer the batter to the prepared Bundt pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle of the cake comes out clean, 55 minutes. Cool completely before inverting. Sprinkle with powdered sugar if using., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon table salt, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 cups nosugaradded applesauce, Powdered sugar, optional], title: Spiced Applesauce Cake, picturelink: null}, 39702: {instructions: Prepare the pork: Mash the garlic into a paste with the flat side of a knife. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in the lemongrass, shallots, brown sugar, fish sauce, soy sauce, vegetable oil and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Add the pork and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate 2 hours or overnight.nMake the sauce: Whisk the lime juice, fish sauce, granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 cup water in a small bowl. Stir in the carrot, chile sauce and garlic.nPreheat a grill to high. Brush the grill with vegetable oil. Remove the pork from the marinade and grill until well marked, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes, then cut into strips. Arrange the pork and lettuce on a platter set out the herbs, cucumber, jalapeno and fried shallots for fixings. Assemble the lettuce wraps and serve with the carrot sauce and shrimp chips., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh lemongrass, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds thin boneless pork chops, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon grated carrot, 1 teaspoon Asian chile sauce, such as sambal oelek, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 head Boston lettuce, leaves separated, 12 bunch mint, 12 bunch basil, 12 bunch cilantro, 1 English cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 red jalapeno pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 cup prepared fried shallots, scallions or onions, 1 bag Asian shrimp chips], title: Grilled Pork Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 39703: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high.nGrill the eggplant slices until tender, about 3 to 4 minutes per side.nLay the slices of grilled eggplant on a cutting board. Place a basil leaf on top of the eggplant. On 1 end of the eggplant, put a teaspoon of cheese. Season the inside with salt and pepper. Roll the eggplant around the cheese and the basil leaf. Secure the roll with a toothpick., ingredients: [1 eggplant, sliced into 10 14inch thick slices, 10 large basil leaves, 1 pound burrata mozzarella], title: Involtini, picturelink: null}, 39704: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the pastry, mix together the flour, granulated sugar and salt. Cut in 1 cup of the shortening until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add 1 of the eggs and the buttermilk and stir until it just comes together. Add a little more buttermilk if needed. Form it into a ball and refrigerate for at least an hour.nTo make the pies, roll the pastry out into a large square. Trim the edges to make a rectangle. Cut into 8 to 10 long rectangles, using a butter knife.nSpoon a tablespoon or so of filling into the top half of one of the rectangles.nUse the remaining beaten eggs to seal the edges by folding the bottom half of the rectangle over the top. Then crimp the edges shut with a fork. Repeat with the other pies, filling half with apple pie filling and half with cherry pie filling.nHeat shortening in a medium, deep saucepan over mediumhigh heat to 350 degrees F. Fry the pies until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove and immediately drain on paper towels.nSprinkle with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup shortening, plus more for frying, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cups buttermilk, more if needed, Apple pie filling, canned, Cherry pie filling, canned, Powdered sugar, for sprinkling], title: Fried Pies, picturelink: ymstErW2CnDnEAG05rOoXT8XXWwd96K}, 39705: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a large shallow bowl, whisk together the eggs, halfandhalf, orange zest, vanilla, honey, and salt. Slice the challah in 34inch thick slices. Soak as many slices in the egg mixture as possible for 5 minutes, turning once.nHeat 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon oil in a very large saute pan over medium heat. Add the soaked bread and cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, until nicely browned. Place the cooked French toast on a sheet pan and keep it warm in the oven. Fry the remaining soaked bread slices, adding butter and oil as needed, until its all cooked. Serve hot with maple syrup, raspberry preserves, andor confectioners sugar., ingredients: [6 extralarge eggs, 1 12 cups halfandhalf or milk, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon good honey, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large loaf challah or brioche bread, Unsalted butter, Vegetable oil, Pure maple syrup, Good raspberry preserves optional, Sifted confectioners sugar optional], title: Challah French Toast, picturelink: lwQj9Mhm3vtTE2HsXE0A6TAgQPG4zne}, 39706: {instructions: Combine oil, sugar, and eggs. Mix well. Add remaining ingredients. Blend. Pour into muffin pan. Bake at 350 degrees F for 10 to 15 minutes.nSimmer orange juice with sugar until sugar is dissolvednAdd Cognac or Brandy, zest and spices.nPlace in a sterilized jar, seal tightly  store in a cool place  shaking occasionally for 1 monthnStrain it through a fine sieve into a sterilized decorative bottle for another month before servingnrecipe courtesy Georgia Downard  Gourmet Magazine ., ingredients: [34 cup cooking oil, 1 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 14 cup fresh citrus juice, 2 tablespoons grated citrus rind, 12 cup juice of Valencia orange, 12 cup juice of navel orange, 12 cup juice of tangerine, 12 cup juice of tangelo, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups Cognac or brandy, Zest from 2 oranges, cut into strips, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 clove, Dash of freshly ground nutmeg], title: Citrus Muffins, picturelink: null}, 39707: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 8inch square pan with cooking spray. Break up 23 of cookie dough into pan. With floured fingers, press dough evenly in bottom of pan to form crust.nBreak up remaining 13 of dough into small bowl. Add candied fruit and flour mix well. Spread jam over dough in pan. Sprinkle with candied fruit mixture press lightly into jam.nBake 25 to 30 minutes or until deep golden brown. Cool completely, about 1 hour. Lightly dust with powdered sugar. Cut into bars.nLine the pan with foil, allowing enough foil to make the bars easy to lift and transfer to a flat surface for cutting., ingredients: [1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated chocolate chip cookies, 12 cup diced mixed candied fruit, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 14 cup seedless raspberry jam, Powdered sugar, if desired], title: Chocolate Chip Fruitcake Bars, picturelink: null}, 39708: {instructions: Tart Crust: Preheat oven to 380 degrees. Line a sheet tray with parchment paper and brush with clarified butter. Place first sheet of phyllo dough over the parchment paper, brush with clarified butter, sprinkle with cashews and cover with second sheet of phillo dough. Flatten with the back of a heavy pot. Cover with the third sheet over, brush with clarified butter, add the fourth phyllo sheet and flatten again with a pot. Cut into rounds with a 5 inch circle cutter. Place each round inside a 4 inch tart circle pressing the dough against the sides. Chill in refrigerator for 10 minutes, and then bake 6 to 7 minutes, or until golden.nWhite Chocolate Mousse: In a double boiler, melt chocolate to 120 degrees and set aside. In a mixing bowl, whip the cream and fold in melted chocolate. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper and spread the mixture evenly over it. Freeze until hardened. Cut out 8 circles using a 4 inch circle cutter. Filling: In a saute pan, melt butter, add sugar and combine well. Add bananas, pour in rum and flambe the bananas.nPassion Fruit Sauce: In a saucepan, bring passion fruit puree and half and half to a boil. In a mixing bowl, beat egg yolks with sugar until smooth and add to passion fruit mixture. Cook over medium heat for 10 minutes, strain through a fine sieve and cool in refrigerator.nAssembly: Layer flambeed banana slices over the phyllo inside tart circle over the phyllo crust. Cover with a layer of white chocolate mousse. Chill and unmold once set. Decorate with a chocolate piece madeon marble and a sprig of mint, drizzle passion sauce around rim of tart., ingredients: [4 sheets of phyllo dough, 3 ounces clarified butter, 3 ounces salted crushed cashews, 1 ounce confectioners sugar, 6 ounces whipped cream, 1 cup white chocolate, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 bananas, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 12 ounces Meyers rum, 1 cup passion fruit puree, 1 cup halfandhalf, 4 egg yolks, 2 ounces sugar], title: Banana Tart with a Passion Fruit Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39709: {instructions: Roast the broccoli: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Add the broccoli florets, oil and a large pinch of salt to a rimmed baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Toss to combine, and spread out in a single layer. Roast for 20 minutes, stir and continue roasting until broccoli is browning, 10 minutes more. Remove from the oven, and set aside to cool.nMake the dressing: Warm the unrefined sesame oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and jalapeno, and cook until garlic is golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a small bowl, and add the vinegar, tamari, toasted sesame oil and sesame seeds. Stir well to combine.nAssemble the salad: Add the roasted broccoli, carrots, daikon and scallions to a large bowl, and toss to combine. Divide between 2 bowls, and drizzle with dressing. Sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds, and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 medium heads broccoli, stems removed and heads cut into florets about 1 12 pounds total, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt, 1 cup julienned carrots, 1 cup julienned daikon, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions, 2 tablespoons unrefined sesame oil, 1 large clove garlic, thinly sliced, 1 red jalapeno, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons brown rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons tamari, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, plus more for garnish], title: Asian Broccoli Salad with Tangy ChiliGarlic Dressing, picturelink: hCosl4Vg666hrNpUi3vaSwFUzeE5nKO}, 39710: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 by 8inch baking dishnPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Season the water with salt.nSpray the baking dish with vegetable oil spray.nCook the cauliflower in the boiling water until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Drain well and pat between several layers of paper towels to dry. Transfer the cauliflower to the baking dish and set aside.nBring the cream to a simmer in a small saucepan, and whisk in the cream cheese and mustard until smooth. Stir in 1 cup of the cheese, salt, pepper and garlic and whisk just until the cheese melts, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat, pour over the cauliflower, and stir to combine. Top with the remaining 12 cup cheese and bake until browned and bubbly hot, about 15 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, as needed, plus 12 teaspoon, 1 large head cauliflower, cut into small florets, Vegetable oil spray, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 ounces cream cheese, cut into small pieces, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 12 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, plus 12 cup for topping the casserole, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon garlic powder], title: Cauliflower Mac and Cheese Casserole, picturelink: ub.AYgCKxNiYaxxDBHiXqP5MASQgpei}, 39711: {instructions: Cook onions in vegetable stock and reserve liquid. Separate whites from yolks and chop each finely. Mix together chopped egg, and fava beans. Whisk together olive oil, butter, onion liquid, allspice and salt and pepper. Dress ramps and asparagus with the above mixture. Add sweet potato puree to dish., ingredients: [2 spring onions with enough vegetable stock to cover, 4 eggs, medium boiled, 1 cup fava beans, blanched and diced, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, Pinch allspice, Salt and pepper, 2 bunches ramps, quickly Sauteed, 12 stalks asparagus, trimmed and blanched, 1 roasted sweet potato, pureed with portion of onion liquid], title: Spring Green Salad, picturelink: null}, 39712: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a 12cup muffin pan with nonstick liners. Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl and set aside. Heat the milk in a small saucepan until hot but not boiling pour over the cocoa powder in a large bowl and whisk until smooth. Let cool slightly. Whisk in the granulated sugar, vegetable oil, egg, vanilla, flour mixture and mint chocolates.nDivide the batter among the muffin cups, filling each about twothirds of the way. Bake until the tops spring back when lightly pressed, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the frosting: Beat the melted butter and cocoa powder in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until well combined, about 2 minutes. Reduce the speed to low add the confectioners sugar, marshmallow cream and milk and beat until combined. Increase the speed to high and beat until fluffy, about 4 more minutes. Set aside at room temperature until thickened, about 1 hour.nTransfer the frosting to a pastry bag fitted with a star tip pipe onto the cupcakes. Top with nonpareils andor coarse sugar.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup milk, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 13 cup chopped mint chocolates such as Andes, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 cups marshmallow cream, 14 cup milk, Nonpareils andor coarse sugar, for topping], title: Mint Chocolate Cupcakes, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 39713: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sliders: Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, season with a bit of salt and pepper, and cook until softened and translucent, about 5 minutes. Let cool.nIn a large bowl, combine the sauteed onions, fivespice powder and 1 tablespoon of the balsamic vinegar, and season with a generous pinch of salt and of pepper. Add about onequarter of the ground beef, and gently mix together until combined. Add the remaining ground beef and gently mix, making sure not to overmix.nDivide the meat into approximately 2ounce portions, and form each into a ball. Insert a cube of butter into the center of each ball, then lightly press into patties about 34inch thick and 2 inches in diameter. Place the patties on a baking sheet, cover with plastic, and refrigerate until ready to cook.nFire up the grill or grill pan to mediumhigh. Cook the sliders about 2 to 3 minutes per side for medium doneness. After flipping, drizzle each slider with a bit of the remaining balsamic. Set two pieces of cheddar on each slider about 2 minutes before it is done cooking. Place the sliders on buns, and serve with sauces on the side.nFor the sweet Russian sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, cornichons, ketchup, balsamic and capers in a small bowl mix until blended.nFor the arugula pesto: Combine the garlic and 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a mini chopper or food processor, and pulse until the garlic is chopped. Add the toasted walnuts and pulse until finely chopped. Add the arugula, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the lemon juice, and season with salt. Pulse just until everything is finely chopped, not pureed., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, finely diced, Salt and fresh ground pepper, 1 teaspoon fivespice powder, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 pounds ground beef 80 percent lean, 3 tablespoons cold butter, each tablespoon cut into 6 cubes, 9 slices sharp cheddar from deli, cut into quarters, 18 slider buns, mini brioche rolls or Hawaiian rolls, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped cornichons, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped capers, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons walnuts, toasted, 2 cups baby arugula, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Pinch salt], title: Juicy Butter Burger Sliders with Sweet Russian Sauce and Arugula Pesto, picturelink: Ts030mAlQOKo6w6WzkE3qFFcbP61bQy}, 39714: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together all the ingredients for the marinade. Cut the spareribs into individual ribs and put in a resealable plastic bag. Pour the marinade into the bag and toss to coat. Put the bag into a large bowl and refrigerate to let marinate for at least 2 hours or as long as overnight.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Remove the spare ribs from marinade and arrange on a baking sheet, cover with foil and poke holes in the foil to vent. Reserve the marinade. Bake until the ribs are tender, about 1 12 hours.nIn the meantime, pour the reserved marinade into a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer the mixture until thick, about 30 minutes. Set aside.nAfter 1 12 hours, remove the foil from the spareribs and raise oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Baste the ribs with the reduced marinade and roast in oven for 5 minutes. Turn and baste the ribs again with the remaining sauce and roast for an additional 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and arrange the ribs on a serving platter. Serve hot with Fried Noodles.nFried Noodles:nHeat 1 cup canola oil in a medium heavy saucepan, to about 350 degrees F. Cut the wonton wrappers into 12inch wide strips. Fry in batches until golden brown and drain on plate lined with a brown paper bag or paper towels., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 tablespoons barbeque sauce, 2 tablespoons sweet chili sauce, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 teaspoons finely chopped ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 cup pineapple juice, 14 cup brown sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds pork spareribs, 12 12ounce package wonton wrappers, 1 cup canola oil], title: Sweet and Sticky Spareribs with Fried Noodles, picturelink: null}, 39715: {instructions: Place all the ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Add additional water if needed for smoothness. This salsa is a delicate green and smooth, but it is not tame Adjust types and amounts of hot peppers, to taste., ingredients: [2 fresh poblano chiles, stemmed, seeded, and chopped, 2 fresh jalapeno chiles, stemmed but chopped with seeds, 1 fresh serrano chile, stemmed but chopped with seeds, 2 large or 3 small ripe Hass avocados, peeled and pitted, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro, both leaves and stems included, 3 green onions, chopped with green tops included, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup water], title: Smooth Poblano Salsa, picturelink: null}, 39716: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 6 wooden lollipop sticks, a piping bag with a small round tipnSpray a baking sheet with vegetable spray. Dry the apples well and insert a lollipop stick into the stem end of each apple.nCombine the caramels and 14 cup water in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or spatula, until the caramel is melted and smooth. Holding them by the lollipop sticks, dip the apples in the caramel and roll them around to coat evenly. Lightly shake off excess caramel and set the apples stickend up on the prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate until the caramel is set, about 15 minutes.nPlace the white chocolate chips in a metal or glass bowl set over a double boiler and heat, stirring occasionally, until melted and smooth. Dip each caramel apple in the white chocolate, rolling it around to coat the caramel with the white chocolate. Lightly shake off excess and set the apple stickend up on the wax paper. Refrigerate for another 30 minutes to set the white chocolate.nMelt the semisweet chocolate chips in second bowl set over a double boiler. Spoon the melted chocolate into a piping or plastic bag fitted with a small round tip. Remove the apples from the refrigerator and pipe ghost or skeleton faces onto the apples. Refrigerate for 15 minutes, or until set. Keep chilled until ready to serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 6 small Granny Smith apples, washed and scrubbed see Cooks Note, Two 11ounce bags soft caramel candies about 80 caramels, One 11ounce bag white chocolate chips, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: White Chocolate Caramel Apples, picturelink: sZSxH6VTbtTn3YZKhhRW0iYNdIw8BHm}, 39717: {instructions: Combine the mayonnaise, lemon zest grated yellow part of lemon and lemon juice. To get the juice out of a lemon, heat it up in microwave for 10 seconds on high. Cut the lemon across in half. Squeeze the lemon halves while holding them upright over the dressing bowl so that the seeds stay with the lemon halves, not in the dressing Add pepper to the dressing bowl, too. Whisk the dressing and pour in the extravirgin olive oil while you whisk. If you pour in a slow, steady stream, 3 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil will pour out in a count to the number six. Once the oil is combined with the acid the lemon juice and the mayonnaise, you can switch utensils and stir in the cheese and a pinch of salt with a spoon or rubber spatula.nChop up the lettuce into 2inch pieces. Place the lettuce in a salad bowl and top with the dressing when you are ready to serve dinner., ingredients: [3 heaping tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 teaspoon coarse pepper, eyeball the amount in the palm of your hand: 1 teaspoon is equal to about 13 of a palm full, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Pinch salt, 3 hearts romaine lettuce, chopped], title: Creamy, Lemony, PepperParmesan Dressing on Romaine Lettuce Salad, picturelink: null}, 39718: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat olive oil in a 12inch heavy skillet. While oil is heating, dredge veal cutlets in flour, 2 at a time, shaking off excess flour. Quickly saute the veal until just cooked through, 1 to 1 12 minutes on each side. Transfer to a shallow baking pan and keep warm, loosely covered with foil.nDeglaze pan with Marsala and chicken stock and let reduce slightly. Top each cutlet with 3 sage leaves, 2 slices prosciutto, and 4 slices Fontina. Pour the pan sauce over cutlets and bake in oven, covered, for about 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 veal cutlets about 1 pound, pounded thin, 1 cup allpurpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, 14 cup Marsala, 34 cup chicken stock, 12 sage leaves, 8 thin prosciutto slices, 16 thin slices Fontina], title: Saras Veal Scallopini, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 39719: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl break up the tuna with a fork. Toss with the celery, onion, and parsley. Add the mayonnaise, mustard and season with pepper, to taste. Stir to combine. Add lemon juice, to taste, if using. Cooks note: Substitute 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard for the wholegrain mustard and add 2 tablespoons sweet pickle relishnCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [Two 6ounce cans white meat tuna packed in water, drained, 2 tablespoons minced celery, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes and drained, 1 teaspoon minced flatleaf parsley, 13 cup prepared mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly squeezed lemon juice optional], title: Tuna Salad, picturelink: 2QgAUAYbJpwOABMsCLypYQof6gJMFX2}, 39720: {instructions: Remove the scallops from the shells using a dinner knife or a butter knife. Remove the intestines and innards and rinse off the sand, if any. Cut the scallops in half, lengthwise. Clean the deeper of the 4 scallop shells and set aside to be used for cooking the scallops in later.nBest if cooked over Bincho charcoal Japanese charcoal, but a conventional charcoal BBQ grill will do, or even a gas range at home.nPlace scallop shells over a medium fire, pour the sake, dashi and soy sauce carefully into the shells. When the sake comes to a light boil place scallop halves in the broth so they are not stacked, 2 scallop halves per shell. Cook for about 1 minute then flip over the scallops and add the chili oil, yuzu, and sesame oil and cook for an additional 1 minute, the scallops are best to serve medium rare to medium.nMix the daikon with the ponzu and set aside.nWhip 2 egg whites then mix with 1 12 cups of salt to a solid consistency. Make 4 golf ball size balls and place in center of the serving dish. Remove shells with the scallops from the heat carefully. Place the shells on the balls and press down firmly, so that the shells do not move around on the plate. Garnish with a tiny pile of grated daikon mixed with ponzu and top off with garlic chips and julienned scallions.nHeat 14inch vegetable oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and lightly fry until golden brown. Remove to a paper towel lined plate., ingredients: [4 live day boat scallops, 2 tablespoons sake, 4 tablespoon dashi stock, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon chili oil Raiyu preferred, 12 teaspoon yuzu Japanese citrus, can substitute lime, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 cup grated daikon radish, 1 teaspoon Ponzu citrus vinegar, 14 cup Garlic Chips, recipe follows, 1 scallion, julienned very thinly, 2 egg whites, 1 12 cups salt, 14 cup sliced garlic, Vegetable oil], title: Live Shell Roasted Jumbo Day Boat Scallops, picturelink: null}, 39721: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pat dry the fish fillets, season with salt and pepper, and arrange in a shallow baking dish. In a blender or food processor combine the onion, garlic, gingerroot, tamarind paste, sesame oil, cumin, salt to taste, and 2 tablespoons water and blend until smooth. Pour mixture over fish, coating both sides. Bake fish, covered with foil, in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until it flakes easily with a fork. Transfer fillets to a serving dish, correct seasoning, adding more salt if necessary, and drizzle with lemon juice. Garnish with mint., ingredients: [2 pounds red snapper fillets, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 onion, quartered, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped gingerroot, 1 tablespoon tamarind paste, 1 tablespoon Oriental sesame oil, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons water, Fresh lemon juice, to taste, 3 tablespoons minced fresh mint, or to taste], title: Bali Baked Fish, picturelink: null}, 39722: {instructions: Heat the ghee in a deep skillet or pot over medium flame. Add the onion, curry powder, and ginger cook and stir for a few minutes to soften the onion. Add the tomatoes and cook, stirring, until the tomatoes break down and soften, about 6 minutes. Mix in the cauliflower, chickpeas, tomato paste, and 1 cup of water stir everything together. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, cover, and simmer until the cauliflower is tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Uncover, and continue cooking until the excess moisture has evaporated and the cauliflower and chickpeas are coated with a thick gravy. Season with salt, to taste, and garnish with cilantro before serving.nPut the butter in a heavy saucepan over moderate heat, swirl the pot around to ensure that it melts slowly and does not sizzle or brown. Increase the heat and bring the butter to a boil. When the surface is covered with foam, stir gently and reduce the heat to the lowest possible setting. Gently simmer, uncovered, and undisturbed for 45 minutes, until the milk solids in the bottom of the pan have turned golden brown and the butter on top is transparent. Strain the ghee through a sieve lined with several layers of cheesecloth. The ghee should be perfectly clear and smell nutty pour into a glass jar and seal tightly.nToast the whole spices coriander, cumin, fennel, cloves, mustard, cardamom and peppercorns and the chiles in a small dry skillet over mediumlow heat, shaking the pan often to prevent them from burning. Toast for a couple of minutes until the spices smell fragrant. In a clean coffee grinder, grind the toasted spices together to a fine powder. Add the turmeric and give it another quick buzz to combine. Use the spice blend immediately, or store in a sealed jar for as long as 1 month., ingredients: [14 cup ghee, recipe follows, 1 yellow onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons curry powder, recipe follows, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and julienned, 2 vineripened tomatoes, chopped, 1 head cauliflower about 1 pound, cut into florets, 3 cups canned chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Salt, Cilantro leaves, for garnish, 1 pound unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon whole cloves, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon cardamom seeds, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 2 dried red chiles, broken in pieces, seeds discarded, 1 tablespoon turmeric], title: Curried Cauliflower with Chickpeas and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 39723: {instructions: Bring the milk, cream, vanilla and cocoa to a boil. Mix in the chocolate chips and serve., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoon Giardella cocoa, 1 cup chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Soup, picturelink: null}, 39724: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nMelt the 4 ounces of butter in a nonstick, ovenproof 9inch skillet. Add the brown sugar, juice and spices and stir until sugar dissolves and liquid is bubbly. Chill mixture, add the cranberries, and set aside.nIn a small pan, melt 8 ounces of butter. Remove from the heat and add the milk and egg. Set aside.nIn a separate bowl, mix the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. Add the milk mixture and whisk until smooth. Pour this mixture over the cranberries in the skillet. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean.nLet cake cool in pan for about 15 minutes then turn out onto plate fruit will be on top and juice will be dripping down and serve slices with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream.nServing suggestion: Whipped cream or ice cream., ingredients: [4 ounces butter, plus 8 ounces, 12 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup cranberry juice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 cups fresh or quick frozen cranberries, 8 ounces butter, 1 cup milk, 1 egg, 1 12 cups flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup sugar], title: Cranberry Upsidedown Cake, picturelink: null}, 39725: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt 4 tablespoons 12 stick of the butter in a large heavybottomed stockpot. Add the onions and cook over mediumlow heat for 10 minutes, or until translucent. Add the celery, carrots, potatoes, thyme, salt, and pepper and saute for 10 more minutes. Add the clam juice, bring to a boil, and simmer, uncovered, until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.nIn a small pot, melt the remaining 8 tablespoons of butter and whisk in the flour. Cook over very low heat for 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Whisk in a cup of the hot broth and then pour this mixture back into the cooked vegetables. Simmer for a few minutes until the broth is thickened.nAdd the milk and clams and heat gently for a few minutes to cook the clams. Taste for salt and pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, divided, 2 cups chopped yellow onions 2 onions, 2 cups mediumdiced celery 4 stalks, 2 cups mediumdiced carrots 6 carrots, 4 cups peeled mediumdiced boiling potatoes 8 potatoes, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves 12 teaspoon dried, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart 4 cups clam juice, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 3 cups chopped fresh chowder clams 1 12 pounds shucked clams], title: East Hampton Clam Chowder, picturelink: XdtNHfyq0eiqkNAyo0Xhu4mMx3ZXd.}, 39726: {instructions: Combine equal parts sugar and water and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes. Cool.nLine a poussecafe shooter glass with salt.nCombine the tequila, lemon juice and 12 ounce simple syrup in a cocktail shaker. Shake.nServe over the sea urchin fillet in the prepared glass., ingredients: [Sugar, Maldon sea salt, 1 ounce tequila, 12 ounce lemon juice, 1 sea urchin fillet], title: Harrys Uni Shooter, picturelink: null}, 39727: {instructions: Mix the butter, Dirty Steves Original Wing Sauce, garlic, sugar, pepper and ranch dressing in a bowl. Stir vigorously until completely combined.nMix the hot sauce, butter, mango habanero sauce, brown sugar, chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder, black pepper, cayenne pepper and seasoning salt in a bowl. Stir vigorously until completely combined., ingredients: [2 cups melted butter, 1 cup Dirty Steves Original Wing Sauce, recipe follows, or hot sauce, such as Franks, 4 heaping tablespoons fresh minced garlic, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 4 packets powdered ranch dressing, 8 cups red hot sauce, such as Franks, 2 cups melted butter, 12 cup mango habanero sauce, 8 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 teaspoons chili powder, 4 teaspoons garlic powder, 4 teaspoons onion powder, 4 teaspoons black pepper, 4 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 4 teaspoons seasoning salt], title: Dirty Steves Garlic Ranch Wing Sauce, picturelink: kt5fdHWv4wEs.Ooukc5ZnJMTFFQYY5W}, 39728: {instructions: Combine the butter, honey, and brown sugar in a small saucepan, over medium heat, and cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture is bubbly and smooth, about 5 minutes. Stir in the almonds, salt, and vanilla and cook 1 minute more.nRemove the pan from the heat and stir in the flour until smooth. Let cool slightly. Refrigerate until the batter sets up, at least 1 hour.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F and arrange racks in upper and lower third.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and drop the batter by rounded teaspoonfuls onto prepared baking sheets, leaving 3 to 4 inches space between each. Put the sheets on the racks and bake until bubbly, brown on edges, and golden throughout, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool on baking sheet. Repeat until all of the batter is used.nWhen cookies are cool, melt the chocolate over mediumlow heat, in a small saucepan, until smooth. Dip half of each cookie in the chocolate, scrape off excess, and set on a cooling rack to dry. Refrigerate for 10 to 15 minutes to set up., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup honey, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 cup toasted sliced almonds, 14 teaspoon table salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped], title: HoneyAlmond Lace Cookies, picturelink: fjbiPAE0Kn.OKY5QSVVWQ0OlMUDlcdG}, 39729: {instructions: Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the almonds and cook, stirring constantly, until golden and nutty smelling, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and reserve.nMelt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in the saucepan and add the onions. Cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the rice and cranberries and cook, stirring, until well coated, about 1 minute. Add the chicken broth, 1 12 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste, and increase the heat to mediumhigh. Bring to a boil, then cover and reduce the heat to low. Cook until all the liquid has been absorbed, about 18 minutes. Take off the heat and let stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Stir in half of the reserved almonds and the parsley, and season with salt and pepper. Garnish with the remaining toasted almonds., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup sliced almonds with skins, 12 onion, finely chopped, 1 12 cups basmati rice or other longgrain white rice, 12 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Almond Cranberry Rice Pilaf, picturelink: LnfwksyMREcwwJuqu1cHzHkOi8Fu.e}, 39730: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Set the oven rack about 3 inches from the heat In a large, heavy saucepan, bring the milk, sea salt, and nutmeg to a boil over high heat. Watch it carefully, because milk will boil over quickly. Add the polenta in a steady stream stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, cook until it is thickened and leaves the side of the pan as it is stirred, about 2 minutes.nRemove the pan from the heat. Stir in the cream and half of the cheese, stirring to blend thoroughly. Pour into a 1quart gratin dish, evening out the top with a spatula. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese.nPlace the gratin dish on the oven rack and broil until the cheese is golden and bubbling, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve, with warm tomato sauce alongside.nIn a large skillet, heat the oil, onions, garlic, and salt over moderate heat. Cook just until the onions are soft and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Place a food mill over the skillet and puree the tomatoes directly into the pan. Add the bouquet garni and stir to blend. Simmer, uncovered, until the sauce is thickened, about 15 minutes. Taste for seasoning. Remove and discard the bouquet garni. The sauce may be served immediately, stored in the refrigerator for up to 2 days, or frozen for up to 3 months., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, Freshly grated nutmeg to taste, 1 cup instant polenta, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup freshly grated Swiss Gruyere cheese, About 2 cups Tomato Sauce see recipe below, warmed, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, peeled and slided, 2 plump, fresh cloves garlic, peeled and minced, Sea salt to taste, Two 28ounce cans peeled tomatoes in their juice, 1 bouquet garni: several sprigs of fresh parsley, several bay leaves, and several celery leaves, tied in a bundle with cotton string], title: Monsieur Lapins Polenta Savoyarde La Polenta Savoyarde de Monsieur Lapin, picturelink: null}, 39731: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake the potatoes in their skins until fork tender, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and slice the potatoes open to cool the insides. After cooling, scoop out the potatoes and discard the skins. Run the potatoes through a ricer or food mill into a large bowl. If you dont have a ricer, thoroughly mash the potatoes by hand with a masher. Add the flour, egg yolks, garlic, herbs and a pinch of salt to the processed potatoes. Mix by hand until you have a pliable ball of dough. The flour might need to be adjusted at this time. If so, add a small amount at a time until the dough is smooth and pliable. Do not over mix or you will get a tough dough.nLightly flour a flat surface and portion the dough into 6 equal parts. Take 1 part and roll it out gently with your hands until you have a log about 34inch in diameter. Carefully roll the log with your fingertips while exerting the lightest pressure outwards, not down, to draw the dough out, until you have a 10inch log. The dough can then be sliced into 1inch pieces and placed on a floured pan or wax paper. Repeat until all the dough has been rolled out and cut. Once the gnocchi is portioned, it can be frozen. Place the gnocchi on the floured pan in the freezer and let set. Remove from the pan and place in a sealed container or bag.nIn a large saucepan, bring the Bolognese Sauce and heavy cream to a simmer. Bring 6 quarts of water to a boil and drop 20 gnocchi into the water at a time. When the gnocchi float to the surface, remove with a slotted spoon, draining well, and add to the Bolognese Sauce. Repeat with the remaining gnocchi. Continue to cook for 3 minutes in the sauce. Remove with a slotted spoon and portion into serving dishes.nHeat the oil in a large skillet until warmed. Add the ground pork and cook until browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and stir in the wine, onions, and garlic. Cook until the onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the peppers, tomatoes, basil, and thyme. Bring the mixture to a slow rolling simmer, reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer for 15 minutes. Add the cream and warm through, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 pounds whole baking potatoes, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 egg yolks, beaten, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley, Salt, 3 cups Pork Bolognese Sauce, recipe follows, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon grapeseed oil, 1 pound ground pork, 14 cup red wine, 1 medium onion, cut into small dice, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 large bell pepper, cored and cut into small dice, 2 large ripe tomatoes, chopped, juices reserved, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 14 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Gnocchi and Pork Bolognese Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39732: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason the skate with salt and pepper. Dredge both sides in the semolina. Heat a large skillet over high heat and sear both sides until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a baking dish.nIn a small bowl, combine the crabmeat, aioli, and scallion. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTop the skate with the crabmeat mixture and bake for 5 minutes.nArrange the arugula on a plate and top with the skate. Drizzle with the aioli and sprinkle with toasted pecans.nIn a food processor, blend the egg yolk, lemon juice, mustard, garlic, and chipotle pepper. With the motor running, drizzle the olive oil in a slow, steady stream until the mixture thickens to the consistency of mayonnaise. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [5 ounces skate wing, cleaned, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup semolina, 14 cup fresh lump crabmeat, picked over for shells and cartilage, 1 teaspoon Aioli, recipe follows, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 1 cup arugula, Toasted pecans, for garnish, 1 egg yolk, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 1 chipotle pepper, seeded and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chesapeake Bay Skate Wing, picturelink: null}, 39733: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a mandolin slicer, optional a deep fryer, optionalnIn a shallow Dutch oven or braising pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft but not browned, about 5 minutes. Add the olives, white wine and capers and cook about 2 minutes.nHalve 6 of the cleaned artichokes and place them in the braising liquid. Add the tomatoes and their liquid and season with salt and pepper. Be sure to taste, as the olives and capers can make the sauce very salty. Cover the mixture, bring to a simmer and cook over medium heat until the artichokes are tender a knife should go through without resistance and the liquid has reduced by half, about 40 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Drop dollops of the ricotta cheese on each artichoke, then top with the grated Pecorino. Bake in the oven covered for 20 minutes. Uncover and bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes.nIn the meantime, heat 2 inches canola oil in a Dutch oven or fryer to 350 degrees F. Slice the remaining 2 artichokes extremely thin using a mandolin slicer or by hand. Pat the slices dry with paper towels. Drop the artichoke slices into the hot oil and fry until golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes.nTop the baked artichoke with the fried artichoke slices and tarragon serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 shallots, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 cup Nicoise olives, pitted, 1 cup white wine, 14 cup Spanish capers, 8 globe artichokes, cleaned and stored in a bowl of water mixed with juice of 1 lemon, One 14ounce can peeled San Marzano tomatoes, broken apart with your hands, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano, Canola oil, for frying, 14 cup fresh tarragon, chopped], title: Baked Artichokes with Olives and Ricotta Cheese, picturelink: RHdTeUfox2ccibFR7dxphnPUyNfY5V6}, 39734: {instructions: Combine the tequila, lime juice, agave nectar, maraschino liqueur and cherries in a blender and blend a few times to coarsely chop the cherries.nFill a cocktail shaker with ice. Pour the cherry mixture into the shaker and shake well.nPut a scoop of sorbet into 4 margarita glasses. Strain the cherry mixture over the top. Add a splash of club soda and garnish with fresh cherries and mint sprigs., ingredients: [8 ounces silver tequila, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 cup agave nectar, 14 cup maraschino liqueur, 15 fresh or frozen cherries, pitted, Ice, Lime sorbet, Lime or cherry flavored club soda, Fresh cherries, with stems for garnish, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Lime Ricky Float Margarita, picturelink: 8FhxDWaIq7Fs7KFlOHbjsssUu0oBG}, 39735: {instructions: First, a note on beets: theyll stain anything Make sure you wear gloves as youre peeling the beets unless you want your hands to be an attractive magenta colornPlace the quartered beets in a large saucepan and cover with cold water. Place over medium high heat and bring to a boil. Immediately lower the heat to medium and let the beets cook for about 20 minutes or just until fork tender. Drain the beets and run them under cold water. Drain and set aside. As youre doing this, get another pot of water boiling and drop the prepped asparagus into it for just 2 minutes. Drain the asparagus and run it under cold water immediately. This is called blanching. Drain and add to the beets.nIn yet another saucepan, add the water, orange blossom water, sugar and lemon juice. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the glaze has reduced by half and has thickened slightly. Toss with the vegetables, and add the roughly chopped garlic chives. Top with the chive blossoms and crumbled goat cheese and serve as a first course on a bed of mixed greens., ingredients: [2 bunches baby beets, peeled and quartered, 1 bunch asparagus, trimmed and cut on the bias, 1 cup water, 12 cup orange blossom water, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 bunch garlic chives with blossoms, roughly chopped, 4 ounces goat cheese, About 8 cups cleaned mixed greens, for serving], title: Chilled Beets and Asparagus with Garlic Chive Blossoms, picturelink: null}, 39736: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Season pork with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat a nonstick pan over medium heat. Add the pork and cook, turning once, until golden brown and cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove to an oven proof platter. Hold warm in oven while you prepare sauce. Add onions to pork pan and cook, stirring often until slightly softened, about 3 to 4 minutes. Increase heat to high, add cider, cider vinegar, sugar, chili flakes, and cinnamon stick. Bring to a boil. Add apricots and prunes. Reduce to a simmer. Add cranberries, apples, and swiss chard and cook until sauce is slightly thickened and chard and apples are tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add orange zest and cook 1 minute more. Divide pork among serving plates, pour chutney over pork slices. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound pork tenderloin, trimmed, cut into 8 pieces, lightly pounded, Coarse salt and cracked black pepper, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup cider, 12 cup cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon hot pepper flakes, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 cup frozen cranberries, 12 cup dried apricots, 12 cup dried prunes, 1 large apple, thinly sliced, 2 cups chopped rainbow chard leaves and stems, 1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest], title: Seared Pork Tenderloin with Fry Pan Quick Fruit Chutney, picturelink: null}, 39737: {instructions: Steam potatoes on a steamer rack set over boiling water, covered, until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Toss with butter, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [12 pound small potatoes about 2 inches in diameter, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Parsleyed Steamed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 39738: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread the brioche on a baking sheet and put it in the oven until lightly toasted, about 10 minutes. Set aside in a large bowl.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the sausage and break it into pieces with a spoon. Cook until browned, then transfer it to the bowl with the brioche. Add the celery to the sausage drippings and cook until softened, about 4 to 5 minutes. Put the sausage into the brioche bowl. Stir in the stock and sage and mix until the brioche absorbs most of the liquid. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Transfer the dressing to a 13 by 9inch baking dish and cook, uncovered for 20 minutes. Cover with foil and bake until golden brown on top, another 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 brioche loaf, cubed into 1inch pieces, 1 pound pork breakfast sausage, 4 celery ribs, halved lengthwise and cross cut into 14inch pieces, 4 cups stock, 14 cup chopped sage leaves, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper], title: Sausage Brioche Dressing, picturelink: b3px5h9e2qrBUG09ZeZvHjffc9r11H2}, 39739: {instructions: Heat oil in large kettle over moderately high heat 2 minutes. Add onions, stirfry mix, garlic, bay leaves, oregano, and basil and cook, stirring often, until onions are golden, 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd tomatoes, salsa, clam juice, and wine bring to simmering, adjust heat so mixture bubbles gently, and cook uncovered just until flavors meld, about 20 minutes.nAdd halibut and shrimp and cook uncovered just until shrimp turn pink and fish almost flakes, about 5 minutes.nRemove bay leaves, season to taste with salt and pepper, then serve with rough country bread., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups coarsely chopped fresh or frozen onions about 2 mediumlarge yellow onions, Half of a 1pound bag frozen bell pepper stirfry mix red, green, and yellow peppers do not thaw, 4 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 large whole bay leaves, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, with their liquid, Two 1pound jars chunky salsa as mild or hot as you like, Two 8ounce bottles clam juice, 1 cup dry white wine such as a Verdicchio or Soave, 1 pound boned and skinned halibut, haddock, or cod, 1 pound shelled and deveined mediumsize raw shrimp or 12 pound each shrimp and lump crab or sea scallops, these halved if large, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Shortcut Cioppino, picturelink: null}, 39740: {instructions: To prepare the black eyed peas: Place a 2gallon stock pot over medium heat. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons of olive oil, and add the garlic and green chile, saute until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the black eyed peas, ham hocks, bay leaves, and water. Simmer for 45 minutes until the beans are tender, stirring when you think about it. Wait until halfway through cooking to begin seasoning with salt and pepper. You want the flesh of the bean to break down a little bit so it can penetrate the inside. Drain the black eyed beans and shred the ham hocks set them aside to cool.nTo prepare the vinaigrette: Puree the tomato, chipotle, sugar, citrus juices, and zest in a blender until smooth. Pour in 14 cup of olive oil and puree again until emulsified and slightly thickened.nTo prepare the shrimp: Put the butterflied shrimp in a glass bowl and add the ancho powder, lime juice, half of the cilantro, and a drizzle of olive oil tossing to coat. Marinate for 15 minutes while heating up the grill. Place a large grill pan on 2 burners over mediumhigh heat or preheat an outdoor gas or charcoal barbecue and get it very hot. Brush the grates with oil to keep the shrimp from sticking. Remove the shrimp from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Lay the shrimp on the hot grill and cook 4 minutes on each side until charred and firm.nTo serve: Combine the black eyed peas, shredded ham hock meat, green onions, tomatoes, jalapeno, and the remaining cilantro in a large salad bowl. Add the grilled shrimp and vinaigrette toss the salad well to incorporate all the ingredients and season with salt and pepper.nThis homemade chili powder will add a smoky depth to chili and as a dry rub for steaks. Toast the ancho chile pieces over low heat in a dry skillet until fragrant, shaking the pan so they dont scorch. Put the chiles in a mini food processor and pulse to a powder. Add the remaining ingredients and buzz again to combine., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 fresh green chile, halved, 1 pound dried black eyed peas, 2 4ounce smoked ham hocks, 2 bay leaves, 2 quarts water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 vineripe tomato, seeded and chopped, 2 canned chipotle peppers in adobo, chopped, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds extra large shrimp, peeled and butterflied, 2 tablespoons Ancho Chili Powder, recipe follows, 12 lime, juiced, 2 large handfuls fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch green onions, white and green parts, chopped, 3 vineripe tomatoes, chopped, 1 jalapeno, thinly sliced, 3 ancho chiles, seeded and handtorn into pieces, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Grilled Shrimp Salad with Black Eyed Peas and CitrusChile Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 39741: {instructions: Cook the egg noodles in 1 quart boiling water until al dente, about 3 minutes. Drain and toss with a small amount of toasted sesame oil to prevent sticking. Set aside.nHave the stock heating in a pot.nHeat a large wok over high heat. When the wok begins to smoke, add the peanut oil. Stirfry the ginger and chile for less than 30 seconds. Add the chicken and let settle for 1 minute before stirfrying. As the chicken begins to brown, add the rice wine and stirfry until the wine has almost evaporated. Carefully stir in the tofu. Then add in the mushrooms, bamboo shoots and the white parts of the napa cabbage, and stirfry for 1 minute. Add the hot stock. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer. Season the soup with the soy sauce, black rice vinegar, salt and ground white pepper. Stir in the green parts of the napa cabbage and continue to simmer for 10 minutes, skimming off any foam that arises.nDivide the noodles into 4 bowls. Ladle some of the soup over the noodles and garnish with scallions and cilantro., ingredients: [4 ounces dried Chinese egg noodles, Toasted sesame oil, 6 cups vegetable or chicken stock, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 red Fresno chile, sliced, 6 boneless skinless chicken thighs, sliced into 12inchthick slices, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, One 6ounce block fresh extrafirm tofu, chopped into long strips, 3 fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, One 8ounce can bamboo shoots, drained and chopped into long strips, 12 medium napa cabbage, chopped into 12inch strips about 4 cups, white and green parts separated, 2 to 3 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 to 3 tablespoons black rice vinegar, Sea salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 2 scallions, green part only, thinly sliced, for garnish, Handful fresh cilantro stems and leaves, chopped, for garnish], title: Savory Sour Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 39742: {instructions: Cook 3 tablespoons diced pancetta in a skillet until crisp drain on paper towels. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil and 4 smashed garlic cloves to the skillet cook 1 minute. Add 1 head chopped escarole and cook, tossing, until wilted, about 5 minutes. Add the pancetta and season with pepper.nSERVES 4nCalories: 124nTotal Fat: 10nSaturated Fat: 2 gramsnProtein: 4 gramsnTotal carbohydrates: 5 gramsnSugar: 0 gramnFiber: 4 gramsnCholesterol: 9 milligramsnSodium: 224 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Escarole With Pancetta, picturelink: dQB2wPYjtx76lKMrC0s5skgsCWKCwhu}, 39743: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a skillet over mediumhigh heat.nCombine lettuce, carrots and celery in a salad bowl. Combine ranch dressing and blue cheese crumbles in a small bowl.nAdd oil and butter to hot pan with the chicken. Season with salt and pepper and sear for 2 or 3 minutes, then add hot sauce. Reduce heat a little and cook 5 minutes more.nToss salad with dressing and season with salt and pepper. Top salad with Buffalo chicken and serve., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine lettuce, chopped, 1 cup shredded carrots, available in pouches, 2 ribs celery with greens, chopped, 12 cup ranch dressing, 12 cup blue cheese crumbles, 1 package, 34 to 1 pound, chicken tenders, cut into bite size pieces, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and black pepper, 14 cup hot sauce], title: Buffalo Chicken Salad, picturelink: E9O0..MTXfbkbneNRWyEl6d8iqJMuS}, 39744: {instructions: Special equipment: Plastic body mold from a display supply store Tube mold, poster tube can be used Plain plastic face mask from a party supply storenThere are a few things to keep in mind when you start a project like this one. First, have fun. Second, the bigger the mold, the thicker the layer of chocolate.nFor the Base: There are a few options for making a chocolate base. If you have a plastic deli tray, you can pour a 14inchthick layer of white chocolate onto it. Allow it to set. When it hardens, the chocolate will retract from the sides. Simply overturn the tray being careful to support the chocolate. Remember, the chocolate base will assume any pattern that exists on the tray. Make sure the tray is big enough for the bottom of your mold. If you do not have a tray, simply use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered chocolate onto a sheet of parchment paper, being sure to spread it all the way to the edges. Lift the chocolatecovered paper by its corners and move it to a clean space on your work surface. Let the chocolate harden slightly, 4 to 5 minutes. The chocolate should be firm enough to cut but it will not be hard. Using the tip of a sharp paring knife or an Xacto knife, cut a straight edge and cut a base that is large enough to hold the mold.nFor the Support Pole: Roll a piece of parchment paper into a tube. The thickness of the tube will be determined by the size of your body mold. This piece will support the body so make sure it is long and thick enough to hold it. Set the tube on end and fill it with white chocolate. Allow this to set until hard. Pull the parchment paper with the chocolate inside out of the tube. Use white chocolate to glue the pole onto the base. Position it well so you can rest the body against it.nFor the Body: Start by drizzling both white and bittersweet chocolate in the mold. Dip your clean, dry fingers in the bowl of bittersweet chocolate and use them to spread the chocolate over the drizzles to create a marbled effect. Dipping your fingers in chocolate adds a thin layer of chocolate to the mold, which makes it easier to create the marble pattern. When the mold is marbleized, fill it with white chocolate. Pour excess chocolate back into the bowl. Place the bust upside down on a wire rack over parchment paper. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the lip clean with a paring knife. Allow to harden. Using a paintbrush, paint another layer of white chocolate. Allow to harden and repeat until the chocolate is thick enough to support the structure. The inside of the bust should be evenly coated with chocolate. You will be able to see that the chocolate is ready to be unmolded when it automatically pulls away from the sides of the mold. continuednIf the chocolate is properly tempered, it will easily release from the mold. To unmold, rest your thumbs on the outside, place your first two fingers on the inside and gently begin to lift the mold from the chocolate. Do not press or pull too hard or you will break the chocolate. You will need to apply this lifting pressure to all four sides to loosen the chocolate from the mold. Use more chocolate to glue the mold onto the base.nFor the Face: Mix some red food coloring powder into a some of the melted cocoa butter. Using a small paint brush, paint the lips on the inside of the mask. Use other colors to paint the eyes, cheeks, eyebrows and any other features you desire. Allow the colors to set briefly. Use the same techniques for filling the inside of the mask as for filling the bust, except use only white chocolate. Let set and unmold. Use chocolate to glue the mask onto the body.nFor the Hair: Start by drizzling both white and bittersweet chocolate onto parchment paper. Dip your clean, dry fingers in the bowl of white chocolate and use them to spread the chocolate over the drizzles to create a marbled effect. Dipping your fingers in chocolate adds a thin layer of chocolate to the parchment, which makes it easier to create the marble pattern. Let the chocolate harden slightly, 4 to 5 minutes. The chocolate will be firm enough to cut but it will not be hard. Use the tip of a sharp paring knife to cut lengths of chocolate to represent hair. Use tempered chocolate to glue the strips onto the mask.nApply the fruit jewels by glueing them with chocolate onto the model. Fruit jewels can be used as a necklace and earrings. Use toothpicks to secure the earrings to the head.nPlace the applesauce, apricots, and sugar into a nonreactive 2quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Mix together, then add the raspberries. The raspberries will dominate the flavor. If you want apricotflavored Pate de Fruit, omit the raspberries. Using a handheld immersion blender or whisk, combine all of the ingredients until smooth and homogenous. As the mixture cooks, the natural pectin in the fruit will cause the mixture to thicken. Continue to cook until it is thick, mixing constantly. To test for the correct consistency, dip a whisk in the mixture and hold horizontally in front of you. Watch as the mixture drips off the whisk and back into the pan. If the mixture stays on the whisk and beads up into small balls, like pearls, it is ready. If it drips back into the pan in thin strands, it needs to be cooked a little longer.nWhen the mixture is a bit thicker than jam, pour it into a spouted container. Fill either a halfdome or triangle shaped flexipan, depending on the desired design of the jewels and let rest for 4 hours at room temperature. When the mixture has set, remove and roll each jewel in sugar. If you do not have a flexipan, you can pour the Pate de Fruit into a 10inch bottomless tart mold or cake ring placed on a parchment papercovered baking sheet. Let the Pate de Fruit cool and set, about 3 hours at room temperature. When the mixture has set, remove and roll each jewel in sugar. To unmold, run a sharp paring knife between the fruit and the mold and lift off the mold. At this point the Pate de Fruit can be stored, well wrapped in plastic and in an airtight container, for up to 2 months. Sprinkle the top of the Pate de Fruit with a thin layer of sugar and flip it onto another sheet of parchment paper. Remove the parchment that is now on top. Sprinkle this side with more sugar. Using a wet chefs knife or cutter, cut the Pate de Fruit into any shapes. Roll each piece completely in sugar and serve. Do not store in the refrigerator, as the humidity will make the sugar melt.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [64 ounces white chocolate, tempered, 32 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, melted, Powdered food coloring, as needed, Fruit Jewels, recipe follows, 1 cup chunky applesauce, 1 12 cups apricots, fresh or canned and drained, peeled and pitted, 2 14 cups sugar, plus extra for dusting, 1 cup fresh raspberries, optional], title: Chocolate Model, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 39745: {instructions: Special equipment: a slow cookernTurn a slow cooker to low and coat it with cooking spray.nHeat the oil and butter in a saute pan or skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and garlic. Increase the heat, cooking them until all the liquid is evaporated and the mushrooms are browned, working in batches if necessary. Add the vegetable broth and cook until the liquid is somewhat reduced. Set aside to cool slightly.nPlace the chicken, mushroom soup, cream cheese, dressing mix, black pepper and the mushroom mixture in the slow cooker and stir lightly to disperse the ingredients. Cover and cook all day, about 8 hours.nJust before serving: Cook the pasta according to the package directions.nServe the chicken with the pasta and garnish with the Parmesan and parsley., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for coating the slow cooker, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 to 1 12 pounds assorted mushrooms, sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup vegetable broth, 2 to 2 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed, Two 15ounce cans golden mushroom soup, 16 ounces chive and onion cream cheese, Two 0.7ounce packages dry Italian dressing, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound of your favorite pasta, Freshly grated Parmesan, for garnish, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: SlowCooker Golden Chicken Pasta, picturelink: CkCQxL6HJE..oiu2QbfFBellD4DCidi}, 39746: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFry the onions in schmaltz, add the chicken livers, thyme and bay leaves and cook for 10 minutes, then let the mixture cool. Add the quatreepices and eggs to the livers. Place the mixture in a food processor and process to a coarse consistency. Stir in the scallions and season with the salt and pepper.nDecant the chopped liver into a serving bowl and garnish with shallots, minced chives, rendered chicken skin pieces and grated hardboiled egg., ingredients: [6 cups of chopped onions, 1 cup schmaltz rendered chicken fat, 2 pounds chicken livers, 1 sprig of fresh thyme, 2 fresh bay leaves, 2 12 teaspoons of quatreepices equal parts white peppercorns, ginger, cloves and cinnamon, ground together in a coffee or spice blender, 9 large hardboiled eggs, peeled and coarsely chopped, 6 to 7 scallions sliced into thin rings, 6 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 to 3 large pinches of pepper, Pickled shallots, Minced chives, Rendered chicken skin pieces, Sieved egg a peeled hardboiled egg pressed through the coarse holes of a box grate or zester], title: Mile End Chopped Liver, picturelink: rn7C4lFj0h0Swzgj3ns.2O7jEShNaBu}, 39747: {instructions: Cooks Note: Before starting this recipe be aware that there is a lot of waste involved in artichokes. Its ok. Just accept it and move on.nSqueeze 1 lemon into a large bowl filled with water and place the lemon halves in the water.nCut off the pointy tops of the artichokes. Remove and reserve the stem of the artichoke. Peel off the tough green outer leaves and discard.nGently spread the leaves of the artichoke. Using a melon baller, scoop out the hairy choke in the center of the artichokes. When clean reserve them in the lemon water. Remove the tough outer skin on the stems and reserve them in the lemon water as well.nIn a small bowl combine the garlic, herbs, Parmesan, bread crumbs, crushed red pepper, pine nuts and anchovies, if using. Finely chop the reserved artichoke stems and add them to the bowl. Zest and juice the remaining lemon and add that to the bowl. Slowly drizzle in olive oil until the mixture forms a paste. Season with salt.nStuff the artichokes with the paste.nPlace the artichokes standing up in a saucepan large enough to accommodate them. Add the wine to the saucepan and enough lemon water to come 34 up the sides of the artichokes. Add the lemon halves to the pan also. Drizzle generously with olive oil and season with salt.nCover the saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook for 15 to 20 minutes or until the base of the artichokes are tender when poked with a fork.nServe hot or room temperature drizzled with generous amount of olive oil., ingredients: [2 lemons, 4 medium artichokes, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 bunch mint, picked and cut into a chiffonade, 12 bunch Italian parsley, leaves picked and finely chopped, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup bread crumbs, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, optional, 3 anchovy fillets, minced, optional, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 2 cups white wine], title: Stuffed Artichokes, picturelink: FbcQnbAlIdPESHnteZFr8GhvmxGtuxq}, 39748: {instructions: Preheat grill pan. On a well floured surface, roll or pat the dough into a rustic, oblong shape, about 14inch thick. Brush the crust with a thin layer of olive oil, and dust liberally with zaatar. Lay the oiled side down onto the hot grill. Once the dough looks set, in about 2 minutes, lightly brush with more oil, dust with zaatar and turn the crust over. Sprinkle with salt. Cut into large wedges and serve while warm., ingredients: [1 pound storebought pizza dough, Olive oil, 4 tablespoons zaatar, Salt], title: Grilled Zaatar Flatbread, picturelink: oAZ6nAUIdcK5Gh6NMTXk64uiPwtGkk2}, 39749: {instructions: Through the feed opening of a running blender, add 1 at a time, the vinegar, shallot, garlic, salt and pepper. Then, leaving the blender running, add the olive oil in a thin stream. Set aside until needed.nToss together the lettuce, cabbage, and cucumbers with enough of the dressing to coat, and gently fold in the tomatoes. Serve family style with additional dressing on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons wine vinegar, 1 shallot, quartered, 1 garlic clove, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade, then minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 head iceberg lettuce, rinsed and dried in a salad spinner then cut into strips about 12inch wide and 2inches long, 12 head red cabbage, rinsed and dried in a salad spinner then cut into strips about 12inch wide and 2inches long, 2 English cucumbers, peeled and sliced into 18inch discs, 4 medium red tomatoes, cut into wedges, 4 medium green tomatoes, cut into wedges], title: Green and Red Tomato Salad, picturelink: iRzjNPmVjRoOBWMS0nIe8.Yrn5UYEO}, 39750: {instructions: Place beans and garlic in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a simmer and cook until the beans are tender, about 1 to 1 12 hours. When the beans are tender, stir in the coconut milk, green onions, Scotch bonnet, and thyme, and increase the heat to a boil. Stir in the rice, add some salt and pepper, cover the pot, and cook until the rice is tender and has absorbed most of the liquid. Transfer to a large serving bowl, taste for seasoning, adding more salt and pepper if needed, and garnish with sliced green onions., ingredients: [1 12 cups dried red kidney beans, soaked overnight and drained, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, plus more for garnish, 1 Scotch bonnet pepper, chopped, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 12 cups long grain rice, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Jamaican Rice and Peas, picturelink: null}, 39751: {instructions: Season the meat lightly with salt and pepper. In a hot, medium size stock pot coated lightly with oil, brown the meat on all sides then set aside.nIn the same pot, add a little bit more oil and caramelize the onions, garlic and ginger, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the carrots, celery, celeriac, potatoes and parsnips. Saute for 4 to 5 minutes. Deglaze with wine and reduce by 50 percent. Add the soy, sugar, seared meat teabags and water to cover. Check for seasoning. The flavor of the braising liquid will be the flavor of the final product. Make sure it is right onnBring pot to a boil and lower heat to a simmer. Simmer for about 2 to 2 12 hours or until is extremely tender but not falling apart.nIn a large pasta bowl, ladle in stew, and enjoy.nWine Suggestion: Honig Cabernet Sauvignon 1997, ingredients: [2 pounds hanger steak, cleaned and cut 1inch dice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, to cook, 2 large onions, 1inch dice, 14 cup minced garlic, 14 cup minced ginger, 1 large carrot, peeled and 1inch roll cut, 2 ribs celery, 1inch pieces, 1 celeriac, peeled, 1inch dice, 1 large sweet potato, peeled, 1inch dice, 2 parsnips, peeled and 1inch, 2 cups cabernet sauvignon, 12 cup naturally brewed soy sauce, 4 ounces palm sugar may substitute brown sugar, 2 Lapsang Souchang teabags Recommended: Honest Tea Co., 1 to 2 quarts water, to cover], title: Tea Braised Hanger Steak with Root Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 39752: {instructions: Special equipment: a grill pannPreheat a grill pan on high heat for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, rub the beef all over with the garlic clove, coat with olive oil and season on all sides with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to medium high and grill the steak over direct heat covered with a metal bowl, turning once, until medium rare, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes. Cut into 12inchthick slices. Cut the slices into 1inch squares.nCombine the cheese, basil, lemon juice, sugar and a pinch of salt and pepper in a small bowl mix until thoroughly combined. Spoon the mixture into a resealable plastic bag with 1 corner snipped.nTo assemble, pat dry the cucumber slices. Pipe a small dollop of the cheese mixture onto each cucumber round. Place a square of steak on top, then pipe a teaspoon of the cheese mixture on top. Garnish each with the tomatoes and onion., ingredients: [8 ounces beef tenderloin steak or filet mignon, 1 clove garlic, Olive oil, for coating, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces Neufchatel cheese or other reducedfat cream cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, mint or flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon sugar, 12 English cucumber, sliced into 14inchthick rounds, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced grape or cherry tomatoes, 2 tablespoons finely chopped red onions], title: Steak Towers, picturelink: KQw8CrDAG87nlI042K2p.j17pjLBlj.}, 39753: {instructions: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F.nMelt butter in a large saucepan over low heat, add onions and cook slowly, stirring occasionally, until onions are golden and tender, about 20 minutes. Add vegetable stock, salt and pepper to taste, and simmer for about 15 minutes. Stir in dry sherry or cognac.nRub garlic clove on each piece sliced bread and toast on a baking sheet until both sides are golden.nPlace bread in a casserole or in 6 individual ovenproof, bowls and ladle onion soup over top. Top with a mixture of Gruyere and Parmesan and place casserole or individual bowls under the broiler and to melt cheese and slightly brown top, ingredients: [12 stick butter or 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds yellow onions, peeled, thinly sliced, 6 cups Winter Vegetable Stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon dry sherry or cognac, 1 clove garlic, 6 1inch slices crusty white bread, 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Classic Onion Soup, picturelink: null}, 39754: {instructions: Special equipment: Pastry Brush Squeeze BottlenPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLay the baguette slices on a baking sheet. Combine the butter and olive oil in a small bowl, and liberally brush each slice with the butter mixture. Bake in the top half of the oven until slightly golden, about 15 minutes.nRub the tenderloin with the garlic, pepper, and salt. Spray a large ovenproof skillet with cooking spray and place it over high heat for 1 minute. Put the tenderloin into the skillet and brown it on all sides, about 1 minute per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast the tenderloin until an instantread thermometer inserted in the center registers 120 degrees F for rare, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the beef to a cutting board and rest for at least 15 minutes, or until ready to use. Immediately before serving, slice the tenderloin thinly into about 30 pieces.nTo assemble the hors doeuvre, squeeze a small dollop of the whipped cream onto the crostini. Top with a rosette of tenderloin and another dollop of whipped cream. Garnish with a sage leaf and serve.nWhisk the heavy cream in a wellchilled medium mixing bowl until soft peak. Add the sage, salt and pepper and whisk until the peaks are firm. Spoon the whipped cream into the squeeze bottle and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [1 baguette, sliced into 12inch rounds about 30 pieces, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds beef tenderloin, trimmed, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 cup sage whipped cream, recipe follows, 30 small fresh sage leaves, for garnish, 12 cup heavy cream, chilled, 1 teaspoon ground sage, Pinch salt, Pinch white pepper], title: Garlicky Beef Crostini with Sage Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 39755: {instructions: Rinse pork loin to remove residue and pat dry with paper towels. Rub with the mesquite seasoning. Then combine the ground cloves, cinnamon, allspice and sugar and rub onto pork as well. Let sit refrigerated for at least 2 hours.nPlace dried shiitakes into a small bowl and cover with hot water for about 20 to 30 minutes to rehydrate.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat oil over mediumhigh heat in a large saute pan with oven safe handles. Sear pork loin on all sides and roast in oven until forktender, about 1 hour. Remove from oven, transfer pork loin to a cutting board, and let rest.nIn the last 30 minutes of the cooking time for the pork loin make the sauce. Melt the butter over medium heat in a large saute pan with a cover. Add the onion and saute until it becomes translucent. Add the apples and pour the sherry over, cover and let cook until the apples begin to soften, about 10 to 15 minutes. Strain the mushrooms through paper towels and reserve the soaking liquid in a small bowl. Whisk the cornstarch into the soaking liquid along with mustard powder, salt and pepper. Add the soaking liquid mixture to the apples and stir to coat. Let cook for a few minutes to let flavors integrate, then remove from heat, adjust salt and pepper as needed, and keep covered in a warm place.nSlice pork loin down and transfer to a serving dish. Spoon sauce and apples over the meat and garnish with parsley sprigs., ingredients: [1 4pound pork loin, 1 tablespoon mesquite seasoning or as needed to rub onto pork loin, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 ounce dried shiitake mushrooms, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 small sprigs fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 medium red onion, diced, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, sliced into thin slices, and tossed with lemon juice to prevent oxidation, 12 cup sherry, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon dry mustard powder recommended: Colemans, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper], title: Mesquite Pork Loin Normandy, picturelink: iRzjNPmVjRoOBWMS0nIe8.Yrn5UYEO}, 39756: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet or wok over high heat. Add carrots, sweet potato, broccoli, green beans and onion and stirfry for 5 minutes until vegetables are crisptender.nIn a small bowl, combine cornstarch, orange juice and soy sauce until smooth. Stir the soy sauce mixture along with the ginger and garlic into the vegetables. Continue to cook and stir for 2 minutes or until sauce has thickened., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 2 medium carrots, julienned, 2 cups sweet potato, julienned, 2 cups fresh broccoli florets, 2 cups fresh green beans, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 cups thinly sliced red onion, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, minced, 2 garlic cloves, minced], title: Ginger Vegetable Stir Fry, picturelink: null}, 39757: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, baking powder and baking soda.nIn another bowl, whisk together the vanilla extract, milk and vegetable oil.nCream together the butter and sugar with a handheld mixer in a large bowl. Add the eggs 1 at a time and mix to combine. Alternate the dry and wet ingredients to the egg mixture, starting and ending with the dry ingredients.nPour the batter 23 full into the cupcake tins and bake for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool before frosting.nPut a bone template on a waxed paper lined cookie sheet.nMelt the chocolate over a double boiler. When melted, pour the chocolate into a resealable bag. Press out the excess air and seal the bag. Snip a 18inch corner from the bag and, following the bone template, pipe an outline onto the waxed paper. Fill in the bone with chocolate. Tap the cookie sheet lightly to smooth the top of the chocolate. Repeat with the remaining chocolate to make 6 bones.nRefrigerate until firm, about 5 to 10 minutes.nSpread the vanilla frosting on top of 6 cupcakes, mounding it slightly. Using a sharp knife, make a small slit in the top of each doughnut hole. Carefully peel 1 chocolate bone from the waxed paper and insert the pointed end into the slit. Repeat with the remaining bones and doughnut holes. Place 1 doughnut hole on top of each cupcake. Put in the freezer for 15 minutes. Spread the frosting over the doughnut hole until it is smooth and covered. Add the cornflake crumbs to a medium bowl and gently press the frosted cupcakes into the crumbs to cover completely. Transfer the cupcakes to the aluminum tray.nCut the yellow fruit chews into 1inch squares. Spread the vanilla frosting on 1 cupcake, mounding it slightly. Use a small spoon to create a well in the center of the frosting. Put the cupcake in the baking tray and arrange the fruit chew in the well at an angle. Heat the caramel sauce for 2 to 4 seconds in the microwave and drizzle it on top of the cupcake so that it fills the well and spills over like gravy. Repeat with remaining 5 cupcakes.nCut the fruit chews into 14inch cubes. Add the vanilla frosting to a small bowl and add enough green food coloring until it becomes bright green color. Spread on top of the cupcakes. Arrange the green candies and orange chews on top, pressing them into the frosting. Transfer the cupcakes to the aluminum tray., ingredients: [1 Recipe Basic Vanilla Cupcakes, recipe follows, Drumsticks, recipe follows, Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, Peas and Carrots, recipe follows, Disposable aluminum cupcake baking tray available at grocery stores, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 stick butter, 1 cup sugar, 3 eggs, Bone template, 12 cup white chocolate melting wafers, 2 cups vanilla frosting, 6 plain doughnut holes, 1 cup cereal crumbs recommended: Cornflakes, 3 yellow fruit chews recommended: Laffy Taffys, Starbursts, 12 cup vanilla frosting, 14 cup caramel sauce, 9 orange fruit chews recommended: Tootsie Fruit Rolls, Starbursts, 6 tablespoons vanilla frosting, Green food coloring, 2 tablespoons hard green candies recommended: M and Ms, Runts], title: TV Dinner Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 39758: {instructions: For the apple cinnamon cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray two 8inch round cake pans with baking spray or line with parchment.nMix the brown sugar and cinnamon together in a bowl. Set aside.nBeat the butter and granulated sugar together in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until smooth and creamy. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, until incorporated.nAdd the vanilla extract and beat until incorporated, then remove the bowl from the mixer.nSift the flour and baking powder together in a bowl, then stir into the creamed butter mixture by hand. Mix the milk into the batter until smooth.nYou should have about 6 cups of batter. Pour 1 12 cups of the batter or a quarter of your total batter into one of the prepared cake pans add a quarter of the apples and a quarter of the brown sugar mixture, lightly patting the apple mixture into the batter. Gently pour another 1 12 cups of the batter over the apple layer top with another quarter of the apples and brown sugar mixture. Lightly pat the apples into the batter.nRepeat with the remaining cake pan, batter, apples and brown sugar mixture.nBake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, 30 to 40 minutes. Cool the cakes slightly, then invert them onto a rack to cool completely.nFor the cinnamon buttercream: Add the butter, confectioners sugar, cinnamon, vanilla and 1 tablespoon heavy cream to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Turn the mixer on slow to incorporate all the ingredients. If the frosting seems too thick, add the remaining tablespoon heavy cream. Turn the mixer on high and beat until the frosting is lighter and fluffier, 1 to 2 minutes. You want the frosting to be a spreadable consistency.nTo assemble the cake: place the first layer of cake on a cake stand. Drizzle with up to 3 tablespoons of caramel. Spread the top of the layer with all of the frosting. Place the other cake layer on top and drizzle with up to 3 tablespoons of caramel. Serve immediately.nThe cake keeps, covered in the refrigerator, for up to 3 days., ingredients: [Nonstick baking spray, 23 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 3 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 3 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup milk, at room temperature, 2 apples, peeled and finely chopped, 14 cup 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 to 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, Caramel, for drizzling about 6 tablespoons], title: Apple Cinnamon Layer Cake with Gooey Caramel Drizzle, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 39759: {instructions: For the dough: Combine the flour, butter and some salt and pepper using a pastry blender or 2 knives until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Mix in 2 tablespoons of the oil and the water just until the bottom of the mixture begins to cling together. If necessary, add an additional tablespoon of oil. Gather the dough into a ball and flatten into a disk. Wrap the disk in plastic wrap and chill for 30 minutes.nnFor the tart: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roll the chilled dough into a 14inch circle and place into a 12inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Chill in the refrigerator for 15 minutes.nnSpread the mustard over the bottom of the tart shell. Sprinkle the Gruyere evenly over the mustard and alternately place the tomato and Camembert over the Gruyere. Bake on the middle shelf of the oven for 35 minutes.nnMix together the olive oil, basil, parsley, thyme and garlic in a small bowl. Brush twothirds of the mixture over the tart. Remove the tart and cool briefly before serving. Serve warm with the remaining herb oil., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into12inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons cold water, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 4 plum tomatoes, cut into 12inch slices, seeds removed, 6 ounces Camembert cheese, sliced into 18inch strips, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped], title: Tomato Tart, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 39760: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the butter over medium heat until melted. Add the beer and onions and cook, stirring often and reducing the heat to low as the onions start to brown, until the onions are caramelized and all of the liquid has reduced to allow the sugars to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nIn a large saute pan, heat the canola oil over medium heat. Split the links through the center just to open them up so they lay flat. Sear the links on the cut side until brown, about 5 minutes, then remove them from the pan. In the same pan, toast the buns again on the cut side until brown, a few minutes.nSpread the mustard onto the buns, then add the links. Top with the pickled peppers and caramelized onions. Finish with a small handful of watercress and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup stout beer, 1 Spanish onion, very thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 pound Polish kielbasa sausage link, cut into thirds, 3 baguette portions the length of the links, split through the center but not through the bottom, 14 cup spicy wholegrain mustard, 14 cup pickled sweet picante peppers, such as Peppadews, 1 cup watercress], title: Spicy Kielbasa Dog with Stout Onions, picturelink: d0sB4vS59QBJOWBF0DVt71VhFVTo5kG}, 39761: {instructions: For the stuffing: In a saucepan, saute garlic, onion, and shiitake mushrooms in butter. Add panko flakes and mix well. Season with thyme, salt and pepper. Fold in macadamia nuts. Set aside and cool before stuffing pork chops.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason pork chops with Essence. Massage pork chops with minced fresh garlic and stuff in pockets. Stuff pork chops tightly with 12 cup of stuffing. In an ovenproof saute pan, brown pork chops in a little olive oil until nicely browned on both sides. Place the pan in the oven and roast until the chops are cooked through and an instantread thermometer registers 160 degrees F, about 15 minutes.nRemove chops from the oven. Place the chops on a platter and set aside. Place the pan on the burner. In the same pan used to brown pork chops, add 3 tablespoons of butter and olive oil and heat. Add the garlic and shiitake mushrooms and saute until mushrooms are wilted, about 4 minutes. Add heavy cream, soy sauce and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn another saute pan, add the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter. Add the bok choy and onions and toss until just wilted. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the mixture among 4 plates. Top each mound with 1 pork chop. Ladle sauce over chops and serve.nCombine all ingredients thoroughly and store in an airtight jar or container., ingredients: [12 cup minced garlic, 12 cup chopped onion, 4 cups chopped fresh shiitake mushrooms, 12 pound butter, 2 cups panko flakes, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup chopped macadamia nuts, 4 2inchthick pork chops, butterflied, Essence, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, Shiitake Mushroom Cream Sauce:, 3 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 cups sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Salt and pepper, 1 head bok choy, cleaned, cored and sliced, 1 red onion, peeled and thinly sliced into 12 circles, 2 12 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon dried leaf oregano, 1 tablespoon dried thyme], title: Shiitake Macadamia Nut Stuffed Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 39762: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd some oil to the skillet over medium heat. Once hot add the sausage and cook, stirring and breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until cooked through and crumbly, about 7 minutes.nUse a slotted spoon to remove the sausage from the pan to a papertowellined sheet tray to drain off some of the grease.nTo assemble the quesadillas, sprinkle each tortilla with 12 cup sausage, 12 cup cheese, some beans and Easy Homemade Salsa. Fold the tortilla over to close.nHeat a castiron doubleburner griddle over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter and 1 tablespoon oil. Once the butter is melted and foamy, carefully add the quesadillas to the pan and cook on both sides until golden brown and cheese is fully melted, about 4 minutes per side. Serve with sour cream.nAdd the cilantro, tomatoes, garlic, jalapenos, lime juice, onion and some salt and pepper to the bowl of a food processor, and pulse until blended together. You want the salsa to still maintain some texture but be much smoother than if chopping by hand., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more, 3 fresh Mexican chorizo sausages, casings removed about 1 pound, Four 10inch flour tortillas, 2 cups grated Pepper Jack cheese about 8 ounces, One 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, Easy Homemade Salsa, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon butter, Sour cream, for serving, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 4 plum tomatoes, cut into quarters, seeds removed, 1 clove garlic, smashed and peeled, 1 jalapeno, seeds removed, quartered, Juice of 1 lime, 14 red onion, cut into chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chorizo Quesadillas with Easy Homemade Salsa, picturelink: QpNxFLJ3KemXCMc3dWxK79bPPEXbBT6}, 39763: {instructions: Mash the anchovies with the garlic in a mortar and pestle. Mix in the olives, olive oil, parsley, lemon juice and capers.nIf desired, serve the tapenade on toasted bread rubbed with raw garlic, a drizzle of olive oil and a slice of beautiful heirloom tomato., ingredients: [2 anchovy fillets, mashed, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 cup black nostraline olives, pitted and roughly chopped, 1 cup green Sicilian olives, pitted and roughly chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 tablespoon capers, rinsed and chopped, Toasted bread and garlic, to serve, Sliced heirloom tomatoes, to serve, optional], title: Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 39764: {instructions: Preheat the oven with 350 degrees F.nCombine the meat, gravy, and vegetables in a large saute pan and cook over medium heat just until everything is heated through. Season with salt and pepper.nPour the heated mixture into a large glass pie plate or a round glass baking dish. Add the horseradish to the heated potatoes. Spread the mashed potatoes over the meat mixture, smoothing with a spatula and spreading to the edges of the pie dish.nSprinkle the top with the bread crumbs and the Parmesan. Dot the top with butter. Bake for 45 minutes on the top shelf of the oven. Raise the oven temperature to broil and broil just until the crumbs are browned, about 1 minute. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups chopped leftover pot roast or beef stew, 12 cup beef gravy, 2 cups chopped cooked vegetables, like carrots, leeks, spinach, Swiss chard, etc., Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups mashed potatoes, heated, 2 tablespoons freshly grated horseradish, 12 to 34 cup fresh bread crumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces], title: Hache Parmentier, picturelink: gvFqCvKquOz4psP7RcwxOpOXLTp76ya}, 39765: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a mixing bowl fitted with a dough hook, place flour, yeast, salt and sugar. While mixer is running, gradually add water and knead on low speed until dough is firm and smooth, about 10 minutes.nTurn machine off. Pour oil down inside of bowl. Turn on low once more for 15 seconds to coat inside of bowl and all surfaces of dough with the oil. Cover bowl with plastic wrap. Let dough rise in warm spot until doubled in bulk, about 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F.nIf using a pizza stone, place stone in oven on bottom rack, preheat oven 1 hour ahead. Punch dough down, cut in half. Place half of the dough on generously floured work surface. By hand, form dough loosely into a ball and stretch into a circle. Using a floured rolling pin, roll dough into large circle until very thin. Dont worry if your circle isnt perfect and if you get a hole just pinch the edges back together.nTo prevent dough from sticking to counter, turn over the dough and sprinkle with flour. Also, flour the counter top and rolling pin as needed. Sprinkle pizza peel or cookie sheet generously with cornmeal. Transfer dough to pizza peel or cookie sheet with no lip. Add toppings. Slide dough onto pizza stone or place cookie sheet with pizza on bottom rack.nBake 10 to 12 minutes or until golden. Roll out remaining dough and top with desired toppings or freeze in freezer bags., ingredients: [3 12 cups unbleached, allpurpose flour, 2 packages dry active yeast, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 cups lukewarm water from the tap, 12 teaspoon olive oil, Flour, for the work surface, Cornmeal, to dust], title: Easy Pizza Dough, picturelink: J4focdsxGdUg6QAWJk3wuSyCw.BBKP.}, 39766: {instructions: Cut each donut in half across, then into quarters. You are making 4 sections of donut, each section halved.nUse a small scoop and place a ball of ice cream on half of the pieces of donuts. Top each scoop with remaining donut pieces. The result should resemble 16 small ice cream filled puffs.nRemove lid of the hot fudge and microwave on high 20 seconds. Stir and drizzle over the proquickerols. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 glazed raised donuts from bakery section of market, 1 pint French Vanilla ice cream, 1 jar hot fudge sauce], title: 5 Minute Proquickerols A knockoff profiterole, picturelink: null}, 39767: {instructions: Combine the ground lamb, yogurt, herbs, cinnamon, garlic, egg, the finely grated zest of the lemon, chile pepper, shallot, some salt and lots of pepper in a large bowl. Form onequarter of the meat mixture around each of 4 metal skewers if you dont have skewers, you can form it into patties. Brush with vegetable oil.nHeat a grill pan or griddle over mediumhigh heat until very hot, then spray with cooking spray. Add the kabobs and cook, gently turning occasionally, until cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes.nBrush the naan with melted butter. Cut the lemon into wedges. Serve the kabobs with the naan, lemon wedges, chutney and yogurt., ingredients: [2 pounds ground lamb or turkey, 12 cup plain Greek yogurt, plus more for serving, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 lemon, 1 Fresno chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 1 large shallot, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for brushing, Cooking spray, Grilled naan bread, for serving, Melted butter, for brushing, Chutney, for serving], title: Grilled Ground Meat Kabobs, picturelink: tzLmDUYH7omGXSLFVxgkcC638f0st6y}, 39768: {instructions: Arrange cheeses and pate on a cutting board or platter. Place cornichons and mustard in ramekins and add to board or platter. Wrap a slice of ham around each of several bread sticks and add to platter. Tuck in grapes among cheese and ham wrapped bread sticks. Add cut bread to the platter, soft cheese spreaders and a cheese knife and serve the board or platter by passing at the table., ingredients: [2 small pieces of formed goat cheese, fresh or aged, formed in logs or discs, with ash or herb or plain, 3 or 4 ounces each, 1 small wheel, 4 inches, camembert, liverot or Pont LEveque cheese, available in specialty cheese case, 13 pound piece Gruyere or comte cheese, 12 pound slice country style pate, 1 jar cornichon or baby gherkin pickles, drained, Stone ground mustard, 12 pound mild cooked ham or prosciutto cotto, 1 package thin bread sticks, 12 pound seedless red grapes, broken into small bunches, 1 loaf French baguette, cut into pieces], title: Ham, Country Pate, and Cheese Platter, picturelink: null}, 39769: {instructions: Heat a 10inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the sugar and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar melts, about 5 minutes. Pour the sugar onto a parchment paperlined baking sheet and allow to cool, 5 to 10 minutes sugar will be hot. When cool enough to handle, crumble into small pieces., ingredients: [13 cup turbinado sugar, such as Sugar in the Raw], title: Sugar Brittle, picturelink: null}, 39770: {instructions: Trim tenderloin of all fat and sinew. Portion into 6ounce fillets and tie to keep shape. Set aside.nPotato Puree: Bring the potatoes to a boil in salted water and then reduce to a simmer. Steep the minced black truffles in heavy cream. When the potatoes have fully cooked, drain in colander until dry, but still warm. Push the potatoes in a fine drum sieve or rice into a bowl. Whisk in heavy cream and butter. Finally, add truffle oil and season, to taste.nRed Onion Confit: Sweat the onions in oil in a small rondeau until wilted and tender. Add vinegar and cook until dry. Add sugar, wine, and thyme, and cover. Cook on low heat until the liquid has been evaporated and the onions are very soft. Hold warm in pot with lid.nRed Wine Demiglace: Simmer wine and aromatics until almost all of the wine has evaporated, being careful not to burn. Add veal stock and reduce to until proper consistency is achieved. Strain through chinois and hold in a small bain marie.nAssembly: Season the buffalo and foie gras on both sides with salt and pepper. Sear the seasoned Buffalo filet in a little oil on both sides until desired temperature is reached. Add seasoned foie fras and cook until just cooked through. Baste meat and foie gras with a little butter and thyme. Drain on paper towel. Place some truffled potato puree in the middle of the plate, place the buffalo on top. Take warm onion confit and place on top of the buffalo followed by foie gras. Spoon warm sauce over the top. Sprinkle with chives and a little truffle oil., ingredients: [1 whole Buffalo tenderloin, 3 Idaho potatoes, peeled and large diced, 12 black truffle, minced, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon truffle oil, 3 red onions, quartered lengthwise, cored, and fine julienned, 1 tablespoon oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup red wine, 2 sprigs thyme, 2 cups red wine, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 cup veal stock, 4 4ounce pieces foie gras, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme, 14 cup chopped chives], title: Buffalo Rossini, picturelink: null}, 39771: {instructions: In medium bowl combine sour cream and mayonnaise. Stir in blue cheese. Squeeze in lemon juice. Add a dash of hot pepper sauce and pepper. Add parsley and scallions. Stir to combine and serve., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 4 ounces crumbled blue cheese, Hot pepper sauce, Fresh pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 scallion, sliced], title: Blue Cheese Dip for Veggies, picturelink: 7mapVnqjUtVhUjDjE33dr6LVk9uwzi}, 39772: {instructions: In a saucepan, add 2 cups water, lemongrass, ginger, and chile. Bring to the boil, then add snails. Cook covered for 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and dip snails into dipping fish sauce.nFor the dipping sauce: Mix the chile, lemon leaves, garlic, water, fish sauce, and vinegar and combine well., ingredients: [2 lemongrass stalks, bruised and sliced into 1 12inch 4 cm lengths, 1 knob ginger, pounded, 2 chiles, bashed, 6 lemon leaves, 10 12 ounces300 g snails, washed in salted water 3 times, 1 chile, diced, 2 lemon leaves, finely sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoons vinegar], title: Snails, Cooked In Lemongrass and Chile: Oc Luoc Xa, picturelink: null}, 39773: {instructions: Scoop ice cream into serving dishes. Drizzle with caramel sauce. Finish with a dollop of whipped cream.nAdd butter and sugar to saute pan, cook over medium heat until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat, add rum. Return to grill and touch to flame to cook off alcohol. Remove from heat and cool slightly., ingredients: [Storebought vanilla ice cream, Dark Rum Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, Storebought whipped cream, 12 cup butter, 1 cup brown sugar, 14 cup dark rum], title: T.O. is Great on Sundae, picturelink: null}, 39774: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the shredded coconut in a rimmed baking sheet and bake, tossing halfway through, until golden brown and toasted, about 8 minutes. Set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a small saucepan and add the mustard seeds, coriander, paprika, turmeric, garlic powder, ginger and onion powder. Cook until the butter becomes fragrant and the spices are no longer raw, about 1 minute. Turn off the heat.nPreheat the vegetable oil in a large pot over medium heat until the oil shimmers. Add the popcorn kernels and stir to evenly coat, then cover the pot. Cook, shaking the pot occasionally, until the popping subsides, about 5 minutes.nPour the popcorn into a large bowl, drizzle with the spiced butter and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt. Add the toasted coconut and toss until all the components are evenly dispersed. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced, 12 teaspoon whole brown mustard seeds, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon hot smoked paprika, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, 18 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon onion powder, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup popcorn kernels, Kosher salt], title: Coconut Curry Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 39775: {instructions: Butter an 8 x 8inch pan. Combine sugar, butter, milk, salt, and chocolate in medium saucepan. Stirring constantly, cook over medium heat until all ingredients melt and come to a boil. Do not scrape down the sides of the pan. Lower heat, insert candy thermometer, and let boil slowly without stirring for about 10 minutes or until soft ball forms when dropped in a cup of cold water 238 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Remove pan from heat and cool. Add vanilla. Beat steadily until fudge loses its gloss. Add nuts. Pour into pan. Cool for 20 minutes and cut into squares. Store in airtight container or wrap in tinfoil., ingredients: [3 cups sugar, 12 cup butter, 1 cup whole milk, Dash of salt, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup chopped pecans or walnuts], title: Mothers Fudge, picturelink: null}, 39776: {instructions: Cook the lentils in boiling water for 35 minutes. Strain the lentils and crush with a fork.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a cookie sheet or line a cookie sheet with parchment paper.nIn a bowl, cream the crushed cooked lentils, butter, and brown sugar together and then add the egg and blend. Add the flour, baking soda, and vanilla. Stir in the oats, slivered almonds, pumpkin seeds, and chocolate chips and mix well.nDrop the cookies by the spoonful onto the prepared baking sheet and flatten. Bake the cookies for 13 to 18 minutes and allow to cool on a baking rack., ingredients: [1 cup mixed lentils, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 egg, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup quick rolled oats, 1 cup slivered almonds, 1 cup pumpkin seeds, 1 cup chocolate chips], title: Bals Lentil Cookies, picturelink: null}, 39777: {instructions: Toss the cabbage, radicchio, red onion, and chives in a large bowl.nIn a separate bowl, mix the buttermilk, sour cream, honey, Dijon mustard, vinegar, salt, and pepper together. Add the dressing to the cabbage mixture and toss to coat. Let marinate in the refrigerator for an hour before serving., ingredients: [1 head Napa cabbage, thinly sliced, 1 head radicchio, thinly sliced, 14 red onion, minced, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives, 13 cup well shaken buttermilk, 13 cup lowfat sour cream, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Buttermilk Slaw, picturelink: IJ5sHuLO.ftpT5Sogb6squO.a.f7AgO}, 39778: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash well and dry the lettuce. Using your hands, tear the lettuce and add to a large bowl along with the apples, nuts and dried cherries. Drizzle in about 12 cup Buttermilk Jam Jar Dressing, or more if you like. Toss well with tongs.nAdd the buttermilk, sour cream, mayonnaise, vinegar, chives, garlic, hot sauce, and salt and pepper to taste to a 2 cup mason jar. Cover with the lid and shake until well combined.nTake Two: To make this dressing blue cheese, crumble in 12cup of crumbled blue and mash with a fork., ingredients: [1 large bunch leafy green lettuce about 8 ounces, 1 honey crisp apple, chopped into bitesize pieces, 12 cup roasted and salted pistachio pieces, 12 cup dried cherries, Buttermilk Jam Jar Dressing Two Ways, recipe follows, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup reducedfat sour cream, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, Dash hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Going Green Leaf Salad, picturelink: 0bGYleM092utYM9DyriL3h5gwCw3oQu}, 39779: {instructions: Clean and chop the spinach. In a saucepan, add red onion and avocado. Add raspberries, jalapenos, balsamic vinegar, and pine nuts. Stir over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes, until warm. Pour the warmed mixture over the spinach leaves, toss, and serve., ingredients: [1 bunch fresh spinach, 1 avocado, peeled, pitted and sliced, 14 cup chopped red onion, 12 cup raspberries, 14 cup seeded and finely chopped jalapenos, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon pine nuts can be substituted with slivered almond or walnuts, Note: Raspberry Jazz can be substituted for the raspberries and jalapenos], title: Raspberry Jazz Spinach Salad, picturelink: null}, 39780: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl. Toss to coat beans and vegetables evenly in dressing., ingredients: [2 cans butter beans, rinsed and drained, 15 ounces each, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 12 green bell pepper, diced, 12 red onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 13 palm full, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 large lemon, juiced, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Butter Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 39781: {instructions: Set the oven temperature to broil.nSoak the bread in some milk and break it into pieces. Add the crab meat, some parsley, the mayonnaise, mustard, a couple of drops of Worcestershire sauce, the Old Bay Seasoning and egg. Mix everything together with clean hands, but not too much that you lose some of the chunks of the crab meat.nShape the mixture into patties and broil until golden brown on one side, then turn them over and broil them until they are golden brown on the other side., ingredients: [2 slices white bread, crusts removed, Skim milk, 1 pound jumbo lump crab meat, Chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon prepared yellow mustard, Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons Old Bay Seasoning, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Kevins Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 39782: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 3 minutes. Add the celery, onion and bell pepper, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables soften, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and Cajun seasoning and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are coated, about 1 minute. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until coated, about 1 minute.nAdd the diced tomatoes and 5 cups water to the pot. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook until the rice is tender and the sauce thickens, 10 to 15 minutes.nStir the beans and chicken into the pot and cook until warmed through, about 1 minute. Top each serving with celery leaves and drizzle with olive oil.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 3ounce fully cooked andouille sausages, sliced 14 inch thick, 2 stalks celery, chopped, plus leaves for topping, 1 onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 34 cup converted white rice, 1 15ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, 1 15ounce can nosaltadded kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12 cups shredded rotisserie chicken or leftover turkey skin removed about 8 ounces], title: Andouille and Chicken Jambalaya, picturelink: 8uFF651Quzs551AzROlmU9ujzffNENW}, 39783: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Adjust rack to middle position. Coat two cookie sheets lightly with nostick cooking spray.n2. BEAT brown sugar and shortening in medium bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed for 2 minutes or until fluffy. Scrape down sides of bowl. Add egg yolks, water, vanilla and salt. Beat until well combined. Add flour and cocoa on low speed until well blended.n3. BEAT egg whites in a shallow bowl until foamy. Place pecans in a separate shallow bowl. Measure about 2 teaspoons dough for each cookie. Form into balls by rolling between your palms. Dip each dough ball into egg whites, then roll into pecans. Place on prepared cookie sheet. Using the back of a teaspoon or your thumb, make a rounded indentation in the top of each cookie.n4. BAKE 10 minutes. Remove from oven. It may be necessary to create the indentation once again with a spoon. Place about 1 teaspoon caramel topping into the indentation of each cookie. Bake an additional 5 to 7 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove from oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for several minutes. Remove to cooling rack to cool completely., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks, cut into slices OR 1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening, 3 large eggs, separated, 2 tablespoons water, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 cups finely chopped pecans, 1 cup Smuckersu00ae Caramel Spoonable Ice Cream Topping], title: Chocolate Caramel Thumbprint Cookies, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 39784: {instructions: Freshly ground black pepper Preheat grill to mediumhigh. Brush corn with 1 tablespoon olive oil and grill, turning often, until charred and tender, about 4 minutes. Set aside. In a medium bowl combine goat cheese, zest and parsley. Roll into 16 1inch sized balls and put on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Freeze until firm, about 20 minutes.nIn a large heavybottomed pot, add enough oil to reach 13 of the way up the sides. Heat oil to 360 degrees F. Whisk eggs in a small bowl and place panko crumbs on a plate. Dip cheese balls in the egg wash, then roll in the panko crumbs. In batches, carefully transfer balls into the hot oil and fry until golden, about 1 minute. Transfer to a papertowel lined plate and season with salt immediately. Slice corn from cob and add to a serving bowl along with the baby greens. Dress with lemon juice, oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Toss to coat and serve, topped with warm cheese balls., ingredients: [1 ear corn, shucked 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 10 ounces goat cheese, softened, 1 lemon, zested, 14 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 eggs 2 cups panko crumbs Salt, 10 ounces baby greens 12 lemon, juiced], title: Fried Goat Cheese Salad with Grilled Sweet Corn, picturelink: null}, 39785: {instructions: Make the phyllo: In a large bowl, combine flour and salt. Make a well in the center, and add 1 12 cups warm water, 14 cup olive oil, and vinegar. Using a fork, work flour into the liquid until incorporated. Knead dough in bowl until it comes together, adding more flour if necessary, about 10 minutes. Cover, and let rest at room temperature for 30 minutes.nIn a large skillet, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. Add scallions and onions, and saute until wilted, about 10 minutes. Add mixed greens, and saute until wilted, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl, and add dill, parsley, mint, and chervil. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle trahana over filling, and combine.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly brush a 12 12 by 2inch round cake pan with olive oil. Divide dough into 6 equal pieces. On a lightly floured surface, roll 1 piece of dough into a 6inch round with a rolling pin. Roll dough out and onto itself around a 24inch dowel, rotating dough frequently. You should be able to see your hands through the dough. Transfer dough to a work surface dusted with cornmeal. Repeat rollingandrotating process with remaining dough, stacking each on top of the other, dusted with cornmeal.nFit 1 sheet of phyllo dough into prepared pan. Brush with olive oil, and repeat with 2 more sheets of phyllo. Place scalliononion filling on top of phyllo, spreading evenly. Drizzle with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Top with remaining 3 sheets phyllo, brushing between layers with olive oil. Trim top and bottom crusts to create a 2inch border around the perimeter of the loaf. Using a sharp knife, score pie through top and bottom crust in a diamond pattern.nTransfer to oven, and bake until filling is set and crust is golden brown, about 1 hour. Let cool on a wire rack for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, plus more to taste, 1 12 cups warm water, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 2 tablespoons redwine vinegar or freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 bunches scallions, thinly sliced, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 2 pounds mixed greens, such as sorrel, chard, or dandelion, washed and trimmed, 12 cup chopped fresh dill, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 13 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 small bunch chervil, chopped, Freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons trahana, Cornmeal, for dusting], title: Phyllo Pie With Greens, picturelink: null}, 39786: {instructions: In a small saucepan add 2 tablespoons olive oil, ginger and garlic, lightly saute until lightly brown. Add brown sugar, soy sauce, and mirin. Saute for 5 minutes and remove from heat. When cool whisk in olive oil, sesame oil and rice wine vinegar.nMix all vegetables in a bowl and toss with dressing.nGarnish with crushed wontons and peanuts., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 5 tablespoons soy sauce, 4 tablespoons mirin, or white wine, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 cup thinly sliced napa cabbage, 12 cup thinly sliced green cabbage, 1 cup julienned carrots, 12 cup thinly sliced red onion, 12 cup thinly sliced red bell pepper, 12 cup thinly sliced bok choy, 12 cup bean sprouts, 12 cup julienned snap peas, 12 cup julienned green onions, 15 wonton skins, fried, Peanuts, for garnish], title: Asian Slaw, picturelink: ppMpLGlbWMXV20vvSNxWb3RcLsd0Jy}, 39787: {instructions: Prepare a fire in a barbecue or preheat a broiler.nCut French bread in half lengthwise. Place butter and garlic in a large roasting pan and heat over the barbecue or on top of a stove until butter melts. Place bread halves, cut sides down, on the barbecue grate and cook until toasted golden brown if using a broiler, toast bread cut sides up until golden brown. Lift bread off barbecue or remove from broiler and place face down in melted butter mixture in roasting pan push the bread around a bit to get the butter to soak in. Remove bread from butter and tear into pieces or slice to serve., ingredients: [1 loaf French bread about 1 pound, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced], title: Lilys Garlic Bread, picturelink: null}, 39788: {instructions: Bring seafood stock to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add grits, reduce heat, and cook until grits are soft, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in butter, scallions, tomatoes, parsley, and the 3 cheeses. Use milk to adjust the texture of the grits mixture if it is too thick. Gently fold in crabmeat and transfer to serving dishes. Garnish with parsley sprigs., ingredients: [1 quart 4 cups seafood stock, 2 cups uncooked grits, 4 tablespoons butter 12 stick, 4 tablespoons sliced scallions 5 to 6 scallions, 2 tablespoons diced tomatoes about 1 plum tomato, 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley, plus 4 small sprigs for garnish, 2 ounces shredded Cheddar, 2 ounces shredded Gruyere, 2 ounces shredded pepper Jack cheese, 14 cup milk, or as needed to adjust texture of grits, 1 pound cooked lump crabmeat], title: ThreeCheese Grits and Crab, picturelink: null}, 39789: {instructions: Butter mixture: First make the butter mixture and put aside.nCrust: Mix all crust ingredients, knead as you would bread, until pliable and not sticky, and using extra flour as needed. Shape ball into a long loaf, cut into 12 equal pieces, 6 for top crust and 6 for bottom. Take each piece 1 at a time, and roll until evenly flat, about 14 inches by 14 inches. The size will vary, so dont panic. Start a stack of 6 rolled pieces, painting butter mixture on each piece cover all but about a 1inch edge of the dough. Do not butter the top piece, as youll be rolling this stack out. Do the same with the other 6 pieces. You will now have 2 stacks, 1 for the top and 1 for the bottom. Now you will roll 1 stack out to be very large, somewhat bigger than the pan you will be baking in. Place bottom crust in pan and trim the edges, youll need a little extra edge to pinch together with your top crust, sealing the filling.nFilling: Mix both cheeses, eggs and 3 tablespoons butter mixture in bowl. Then spread the mixture out evenly on bottom crust. Spread chopped onion on top of that, then spinach on top of that. Place top crust over, trim to fit and seal as you would a pie crust, following with a fork and pressing down to seal well. Bake in the oven for 1 hour in a preheated 350 degree oven. Allow to cool and cut into serving size pieces3 to 4 inches. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 pound melted butter, 3 to 5 tablespoons melted solid vegetable shortening, 12 bag flour 2 12 pounds, 5 cups warm water, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons of the butter mixture, Flour, for rolling, 16 ounces cottage cheese, 16 ounces feta cheese, 6 eggs, 3 tablespoons of the butter mixture, 2 bunches green onions, chopped fine, 3 bunches or 2 bags fresh spinach, washed and patted dry], title: Spanekopita, picturelink: null}, 39790: {instructions: For the sauce: Swirl the oil and garlic in a medium saucepan over medium heat until the garlic is just lightly browned and fragrant, about 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes and 1 cup water, and bring to a high simmer. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, add the basil and 2 teaspoons salt and simmer, uncovered, until thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. Set aside and keep warm.nFor the meatballs: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Tear the bread into very small pieces and put it in a small bowl. Pour the milk over the bread, and let sit until the bread is soft, about 5 minutes.nCombine the bread mixture with the beef, pork, Parmesan, eggs, onions, parsley, garlic, 2 teaspoons salt and red pepper flakes in a large bowl, and thoroughly mix with your hands. Divide the mixture evenly into 36 mounds, and roll each into a ball.nBrush 2 rimmed baking sheets generously with oil. Evenly divide the meatballs between the sheets, and roll them around to coat in oil. Bake until golden brown and cooked through, rotating the sheets halfway through if needed, 15 to 20 minutes.nTransfer the meatballs to the warm sauce, and cook for 5 minutes over mediumlow heat. Let the meatballs and sauce cool completely, divide evenly among four 1quart containers and freeze for up to 1 month.nTo reheat: Let a container of the meatballs and sauce thaw in the refrigerator overnight. Transfer them to a microwavesafe container, and microwave in 2minute increments, gently stirring after each, until the meatballs are heated through., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Two 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, crushed by hand, Handful torn fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt, 2 slices stale white sandwich bread, 12 cup milk, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 1 12 pounds ground pork, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 small onion, grated, 12 cup fresh parsley, roughly chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely grated, Kosher salt, Large pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Olive oil, for the baking sheets], title: BigBatch Meatballs and Red Sauce, picturelink: ooecyTbUMBQQuyYNhBs4Ln1SXWWT76}, 39791: {instructions: Cut each eggplant in half lengthwise, then cut diagonally into 12inch slices. Cover the eggplants with water, add the salt, and stir to dissolve the salt. Soak the eggplants for 5 minutes, then drain well.nIn a small bowl, mix the oyster sauce with the sugar and sesame oil and set aside.nHeat a wok or nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the vegetable oil, garlic, chile peppers, and eggplants and stirfry for 2 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons water and continue stirfrying for 2 more minutes. Add the oyster sauce mixture and stir well to mix. Remove to a platter and serve hot or cold., ingredients: [4 Asian eggplants, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 hot red chile peppers, seeded and thinly sliced], title: StirFried Asian Eggplant, picturelink: null}, 39792: {instructions: For the onions: Heat the oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic, onions and thyme and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Cook until translucent, 3 to 5 minutes, and then add 12 cup water. Continue cooking until the onions are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. If the liquid reduces too much, add a little more water. Taste for seasoning, adding more salt and pepper as needed. Stir in the ginger. Remove from the heat and discard the thyme.nFor the shrimp: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. Toss the shrimp with the paprika and salt in a bowl, stirring to coat. When the oil begins to smoke, shut off the heat, add the shrimp to the skillet and toss around with a metal spatula so they are coated with oil and cook more evenly. Stir in the sherry. Turn the heat back on to mediumhigh and cook until the shrimp are no longer translucent, 1 to 2 minutes. Season with more salt and pepper. Squeeze the lemon juice over and remove from the heat. Reserve any cooking liquid if there is any. Stir the onion mixture into the shrimp.nFor the vinaigrette: Whisk together the olive oil, vinegar and lemon juice and zest in a small bowl. Add in any cooking liquid from the shrimp. Whisk to blend. Season with salt and pepper. For assembly: Spoon a little of the onion and shrimp mixture onto the bottom of each Bibb leaf. Top each with a sprinkle of the peanuts and drizzle with the vinaigrette. Serve any remaining vinaigrette on the side., ingredients: [14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, Juice of 1 lemon, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, Juice and zest of 1 lemon, 12 to 16 medium Bibb lettuce leaves, thoroughly washed, 14 cup dryroasted peanuts, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium cloves garlic, peeled, minced, 1 red onion, peeled, halved and thinly sliced, Small bunch fresh thyme, tied with string, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 U10 shrimp, each cut into 3 equal pieces, 12 teaspoon paprika], title: Bibb Lettuce and Shrimp Wraps, picturelink: pWYttaDyI4yRyxNA4bFss1puuy2CBQK}, 39793: {instructions: Mix together the browning, garlic powder, black pepper and seasoning salt. Rub all over the oxtails. Add the garlic, onions and thyme, cover and marinate for 4 to 5 hours. This will ensure that all the flavor of the spices will be deeply embedded in your oxtails for a fingerlicking flavor.nWhen ready to cook, heat a large pot and then add the olive oil and heat until hot. Add the oxtails and fry, stirring every 5 minutes, for 15 minutes. Add the butter beans, scallions and bell peppers, cover the pot and cook over medium heat for 1 hour 30 minutes, stirring every 10 to 15 minutes. Add desired small portions of water when needed make sure that the water is barely above the oxtails at all times throughout the cooking period.nTurn up the heat and bring to a boil. You may add additional seasoning salt or other spices, if desired. Mix in the cornstarch and let simmer over low heat for 30 to 45 more minutes. Let cool, then serve., ingredients: [1 cup browning or gravy master, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons seasoning salt, 3 pounds oxtails, excess fat trimmed, washed with cool water and 2 tablespoons vinegar, 4 cloves chopped garlic, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups butter beans, 3 scallions, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, 2 teaspoons cornstarch], title: Caribbean Feasts Oxtail Dish, picturelink: null}, 39794: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the bread cubes: Place the bread cubes on a baking sheet, drizzle with the olive oil, and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Toss with your hands until well coated. Spread out the bread in an even layer and bake until golden and toasty, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool. Leave the oven on.nFor the dressing: Meanwhile, whisk together the oil, lemon zest and juice, lime zest and juice, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a small mixing bowl until well combined. Set aside.nFor the salad: Line a baking sheet with foil. Add the red onions, red peppers and jalapenos and spread out in an even layer. Drizzle with the oil, and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Bake for 18 minutes. Set aside to cool.nCombine the cucumbers, tomatoes, garlic and avocados in a large mixing bowl. Then add the toasted bread cubes and roasted peppers and onions, along with the basil, cilantro and parsley. Toss to combine. Pour half of the dressing over the salad and season with 1 teaspoon salt and a pinch of pepper. Toss and add more dressing and salt according to taste. Serve and enjoy, ingredients: [6 cups 2inch bread cubes, cut from a baguette or focaccia, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chopped red onion, 2 cups chopped red bell pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons diced jalapeno, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups seeded and chopped English cucumber, 1 12 cups cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 ripe avocados, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Summer Citrus and Avocado Panzanella Salad, picturelink: BoQg3mhgfYSMSoL90O8WUHBvV21pzhO}, 39795: {instructions: Heat a mediumsize saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Once the butter foams, saute scallions until soft and season with salt and pepper. Let cool slightly.nAdd eggs, milk, and Parmesan cheese to a large bowl and whisk well to combine. Add the sauteed scallions and blend.nHeat a 14inch nonstick pan over medium heat, add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter to melt. Once hot and foaming, add the egg mixture, do not stir, and turn heat to mediumlow. Cover the pan and continue to cook for 12 to 15 minutes, until firm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 bunch scallions, sliced, 8 large eggs, 12 cup milk, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Frittata with Scallions, picturelink: null}, 39796: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and adjust a rack to the middle position.nPlace the chicken on a baking sheet lined with a wire rack, or in a roasting pan with a rack, and drizzle the chicken with olive oil. Generously sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Pack the cavity with the garlic, thyme and lemons. Place the chicken breastside down on the rack.nRoast the chicken for the first hour at 400 degrees F, and then turn up the heat to 450 degrees F and roast until the breast temperature registers 160 degrees F and the skin is a golden brown, for the last 30 to 45 minutes. Then set the chicken aside to rest and cool.nWhen easy to handle, remove the legs, wings and any dark meat, reserving to eat for your next meal or to snack on immediately.nRemove the skin from the breast meat. Using your hands, shred the breast meat and place in a bowl. Season the chicken with salt and pepper.nFor the salad: Mix together the yogurt, mayo, mustard, walnuts, cranberries, celery, onions, lemon zest and juice, tarragon and water chestnuts and adjust the seasoning if necessary. Fold in the shredded chicken.nFor the sandwich build: Layer the whole wheat wraps with some broccoli sprouts and tomato slices and then top with the chicken salad. Wrap and enjoy, ingredients: [One 6pound whole fryer chicken, Olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 lemon, cut in quarters, 34 cup 2percent Greek Yogurt, 14 cup mayo, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup toasted walnuts, chopped, 14 cup dried cranberries, chopped, 2 celery ribs, diced, 1 small red onion, minced, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, One 6ounce can water chestnuts, drained and chopped, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Four 12inch whole wheat tortillas, 1 pint broccoli sprouts, 2 Roma tomatoes, sliced], title: Lemon Roasted Chicken Salad Wrap, picturelink: 8SwmiWgBnuzL1PMchfWGbWmSCOCFwTq}, 39797: {instructions: 1. Combine all ingredients in a bowl, tossing gently.n2. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 13 cup chopped peeled avocado, 12 tsp. kosher salt, 2 garlic cloves, 1 cup black beans or 1 cup corn, 2 Tbsp. Ciclu00f3nu00bf Tequila Spiked Rum, 2 cups chopped tomato, 1 cup chopped onion], title: BACARDIandreg Ciclandoacutenandtrade Spiked Salsa, picturelink: null}, 39798: {instructions: Bring a saucepan with 1 inch of water to a boil. Put the chocolate in a large metal or heatproof glass mixing bowl and place on top of the saucepan with boiling water. Pay careful attention that the mixing bowl does not touch the surface of the boiling water. Stir the chocolate until it is almost melted. Remove it from the saucepan and continue to stir until the chocolate is completely melted. This entire process should take no more than 5 to 10 minutes.nLine a cookie sheet with parchment or waxeds paper. Dip each biscotti or pretzel in the chocolate to cover half of each and then dip in the sprinkles or candy cane pieces. Set each piece on the lined cookie sheet to allow the chocolate to harden.nStore in cool airtight containers for up to 2 weeks.nTry not to eat them all at the same time., ingredients: [2 cups semisweet or dark chocolate chips or chopped chocolate from a block, 2 dozen biscotti, homemade or purchased, or 2 dozen mini pretzels, 2 cups dried fruit, Red and green sprinkles or smashed candy cane pieces], title: Chocolate Covered Stuff, picturelink: null}, 39799: {instructions: null, ingredients: [3 cups broccoli slaw, 1 head shredded cabbage, 14 cup nonfat Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon zest, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 teaspoon House Seasoning, recipe follows, 18 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 green onion, chopped, 1 cup salt, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup pepper], title: The Sons Slaw, picturelink: LzVDcPq8Q2wI59ig6XjjFDdlGKPBw6a}, 39800: {instructions: 1. Assemble the meats and cheeses on a large cutting board or flat platter to come to room temperature at least 30 minutes before serving.n2. Place cheese knives next to each kind of cheese, small forks for the meats, and a small bowl for anything like olive pits or used toothpicks.n3. If time permits, serve with at least one simple homemade item like: Honey Ricotta Pears, WinePoached Figs, or Warm Mediterranean Olives.n4. Place the bread and crackers in a basket on the side or directly on the board. Arrange the fruits and nuts on the board or in small decorative bowls. Serve with red and white wine.n1. Halve and core the pear, then cut into slices, leaving the stemend intact and not cutting through to separate the slices. Squeeze the lemon juice over the cut side of the pear halves.n2. Season the ricotta with 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, then place in 2 mounds on a plate. Top the ricotta mounds with the sliced pear halves, gently fanning out the slices. Drizzle the pears with honey and sprinkle with the pine nuts.nTrim and halve the figs, place in a saucepan with the wine, sugar, salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until the wine is reduced by half and slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the thyme sprigs. Serve on top of an assertive cheese, such as blue, Taleggio, or a triple cream, spread over the bread slices.nHeat the oil in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the sugar, vinegar, cinnamon stick, orange peel, and olives. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 pounds assorted sliced meats, such as mortadella, Spanish chorizo, salami, 8 ounces of each assorted cheese, such as Manchego, blue cheese, aged gouda, fresh mozzarella, or Taleggio, 6 ounces quince paste, sliced, HoneyRicotta Pear, recipe follows, WinePoached Figs, recipe follows, Warm Mediterranean Olives, recipe follows, Assorted sliced bread, such as French, Italian or sourdough, Assorted crackers, Assorted dried fruit, such as apricots or cranberries, Assorted toasted nuts, such as almonds or pistachios, Assorted fresh fruits, such as grapes or sliced green apples, 1 ripe Anjou or Bosc pear, 12 a lemon, 12 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Honey, for drizzling, 1 tablespoon toasted pine nuts, 8 ounces dried mission figs, 12 cup red wine, 14 cup sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Cheese and sliced bread, for serving, 13 cup olive oil, 1 large shallot, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 strip orange peel use a vegetable peeler, 2 cups mixed brined olives, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Antipasto Platter, picturelink: DJ..wnWRiecqAXojXyG3YSenf1uzyVS}, 39801: {instructions: Special equipment: butchers or kitchen twinenIn a medium bowl, stir the crabmeat together with the mayonnaise, chili paste, cilantro, and lime juice, and season with salt and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in the refrigerator.nFor the turf: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut a cast iron or ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat and get it hot. Drizzle in a 2count of oil. If you choose to tie the fillets, take a piece of butchers twine and wrap it around each fillet twice to form a nice round shape. This will help the meat retain its shape while cooking. Sprinkle the beef all over with salt and pepper and sear for about 3 minutes on each side, until well browned. Shove the beef to the side and add the tomatoes to the pan drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and stir gently to coat. Now put the pan in the oven and roast until the beef is rare and the tomatoes burst, 7 to 8 minutes. Add 2 more minutes for medium rare, 5 more minutes for medium.nFor service: Wash the arugula and toss it in a bowl with olive oil and lemon juice. Season with a few turns of freshly ground black pepper.nTo serve, arrange the steaks on a serving plate. Spoon the crab salad over the meat and scatter the tomatoes on top. Drizzle with olive oil. Serve with a small tangle of dressed arugula and a glass of rose wine.nIn a medium bowl, stir the crabmeat together with the mayonnaise, chili paste, cilantro, and lime juice, and season with salt and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in the refrigerator.nFor the turf: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut a cast iron or ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat and get it hot. Drizzle in a 2count of oil. If you choose to tie the fillets, take a piece of butchers twine and wrap it around each fillet twice to form a nice round shape. This will help the meat retain its shape while cooking. Sprinkle the beef all over with salt and pepper and sear for about 3 minutes on each side, until well browned. Shove the beef to the side and add the tomatoes to the pan drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and stir gently to coat. Now put the pan in the oven and roast until the beef is rare and the tomatoes burst, 7 to 8 minutes. Add 2 more minutes for medium rare, 5 more minutes for medium.nFor service: Wash the arugula and toss it in a bowl with olive oil and lemon juice. Season with a few turns of freshly ground black pepper.nTo serve, arrange the steaks on a serving plate. Spoon the crab salad over the meat and scatter the tomatoes on top. Drizzle with olive oil. Serve with a small tangle of dressed arugula and a glass of rose wine., ingredients: [1 pint lump crabmeat, picked over for bits of shell and cartilage, 12 to 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon hot chile paste recommended: sambal oelek, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 lime, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint lump crabmeat, picked over for bits of shell and cartilage, 12 to 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon hot chile paste recommended: sambal oelek, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 lime, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 4 centercut beef tenderloin steaks, each about 2 inches thick about 2 pounds total Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint vineripened red cherry tomatoes, washed and dried, Extravirgin olive oil, 4 centercut beef tenderloin steaks, each about 2 inches thick about 2 pounds total Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint vineripened red cherry tomatoes, washed and dried, 1 bunch arugula, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch arugula, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Tenderloin of Beef with Spicy Crab Salad, picturelink: null}, 39802: {instructions: Cut the stem end off the pepperoncini and carefully scrape out the seeds. Set aside.nBeat the cream cheese in the bowl of a mixer with the paddle attachment. Add the crab and continue to mix. Add the Cajun seasoning, hot sauce, and thyme and mix until blended. Place the mixture into a pastry bag and pipe into the seeded pepperoncini. Dip the cream cheese end of the pepperoncini in the chopped parsley before serving and transfer directly to a serving tray., ingredients: [36 pepperoncini, 1 pound cream cheese, room temperature, 8 ounces crab claw meat, shredded, 1 12 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, Chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Cajun Crab Stuffed Pepperoncini, picturelink: null}, 39803: {instructions: In a large bowl or baking dish combine tomatoes, onions, and vinegar and season with pepper and salt. Marinate mixture, covered, tossing occasionally with a rubber spatula, 30 minutes. Transfer tomatoes and onion to a plate with a slotted spoon and add arugula to marinade remaining in bowl or baking dish. Season arugula with pepper and salt and toss. Arrange arugula on bottom focaccia half and top with mozzarella, tomatoes, onion, and remaining focaccia half, pressing together gently., ingredients: [3 large vineripened tomatoes, 9 about 112 pounds total, cut into 14  thick slices, 1 red onion, sliced thinly, 3 tablespoons redwine vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups packed trimmed arugula, washed well, spun dry, and chopped coarse, 12 foccaccia horizontally with a serrated knife, 12 pound fresh mozzarella, sliced thin], title: Mozzarella, Arugula, and Marinated Tomatoes on Focaccia, picturelink: null}, 39804: {instructions: For the salad: Preheat a grill on high for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium high and grill the corn, with the cover closed and turning occasionally, until some kernels are black, about 12 minutes. Remove and allow the corn to cool slightly.nUsing a sharp knife, cut off the kernels into a very large, deep serving bowl. Hold the narrow end of the cob, point the other end into the bowl and cut downward, so that flying kernels are trapped by the bowl itself. Add the black beans, chickpeas, cilantro, green and red bell peppers, onions, chile peppers, salt and pepper to taste to the bowl and toss.nFor the dressing: Whisk together the lime juice, sugar, salt, vinegar, cumin, chili powder, garlic and olive oil in a small bowl. Season to taste with hot sauce.nPour the dressing over the salad and toss to thoroughly coat. Let sit at room temperature for 20 minutes, toss again and serve. The salad can be made a day in advance, covered and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [4 fresh or frozen ears of corn, husks removed, One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, One 15ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 1 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 12 red onion, chopped, 12 jalapeno or serrano chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped wear plastic gloves when handling, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice from about 2 large or 4 small limes, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Pinch chili powder, 2 cloves garlic, pushed through a press, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Hot sauce, preferably Crystal Hot Sauce], title: Grilled Corn and Bean Salad, picturelink: mv2C08lNCm.Oc6DbK2dhhmOmeItpLm}, 39805: {instructions: Cut the onions in rings, place them in preheated buttered frying pan and saute them until caramelized. Remove and in the same pan, place the meat and fry it, cutting through the meat regularly to keep it from attaching. Add salt and pepper to taste. Set aside. Melt the frozen mashed potatoes with the milk and salt and pepper to taste in microwave according to the recipe on package to create warm mashed potatoes. Boil water with salt and add frozen green beans and cook until tender.nPresentationnIn a ring mold, place one layer of mashed potatoes, then one layer of beef, then some caramelized onions, repeat and finish with the mashed potatoes. Place on a plate, then disperse the green beans around like logs for a fire. Repeat for every diner., ingredients: [2 onions, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound ground beef, 2 23 cups frozen mashed potatoes, 1 13 cups of milk, 40 frozen green beans, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Mashed Potato Napolean, picturelink: null}, 39806: {instructions: In a large bowl let the pinto beans soak in enough water to cover them by 2 inches overnight and drain them, or quicksoak them and drain them. In a large heavy kettle cook the onions and 4 of the garlic cloves, minced, in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until the onions are softened, add the chili powder, the cumin, and the cayenne, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the beans and the water and simmer the mixture, uncovered, adding more water if necessary to keep the beans barely covered, for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until the beans are tender. Add the broth, the tomatoes, the bell pepper, and the corn and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes. Add the bulgur and the zucchini and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes, or until the zucchini is just tender. Stir in the remaining 2 garlic cloves, minced, the Worcestershire sauce, the olives, and salt and pepper to taste, simmer the chili for 5 minutes, and stir in the coriander. The chili may be frozen or made 4 days in advance, cooled, uncovered, and kept covered and chilled., ingredients: [1 pound about 2 12 cups dried pinto beans, picked over and rinsed soaked overnight, 2 large onions, chopped, 6 garlic cloves, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 13 cup chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste, 6 cups water, 3 cups chicken broth, 28 ounce can tomatoes, drained and chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped fine, 10 ounce package frozen corn, 34 cup bulgur, 2 medium zucchini, scrubbed well and cut into 34 inch pieces, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, or to taste, 34 cup Kalamata or other brinecured black olives if desired, pitted and chopped, 13 cup chopped fresh coriander if desired], title: Pinto Bean and Vegetable Chili, picturelink: null}, 39807: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the allpurpose flour, hazelnut meal and a pinch of saltnIn the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the butter, light brown sugar and granulated sugar together until pale and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the egg yolk and vanilla extract beat once more. In 2 additions, add the dry ingredient mixture, scraping down the bowl if needed, until completely combined. Transfer to the refrigerator to chill for 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside.nScoop scant tablespoonfuls of dough, roll into balls and arrange on the prepared baking sheets, spacing them a few inches apart. Make an indentation, a thumbprint, in the center of each ball of dough using your thumb andor the help of your index finger. Bake until the bottoms are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately reinforce the thumbprints using the end of a wooden spoon. Allow to cool completely on the baking sheets.nWhile the cookies are cooling, make the ganache. Place the chocolate into a heatproof bowl. Add the heavy cream to a small saucepan set over mediumhigh flame and heat until the cream is scalding. Pour the cream over the chopped chocolate and allow to stand for 1 minute. Stir until smooth.nWhen the cookies are cool, add a scant teaspoon of chocolate ganache to each thumbprint. Top with a sprinkle of flaked sea salt. If transporting, allow the chocolate to set for 1 hour., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons hazelnut meal, Pinch of fine salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 large egg yolk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, Flaked sea salt, such as Maldon, for garnish], title: Hazelnut Ganache Thumbprint Cookies, picturelink: null}, 39808: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometernToss the pork with 12 cup of the lime juice and then drain the juices and reserve the pork.nQuarter the Scotch bonnet and remove the seeds and membranes, preferably while wearing gloves these chiles are extremely hot. Finely chop one quarter leave the others whole. Transfer all of the Scotch bonnet to a large Dutch oven or heavy pot with a lid.nAdd the celery, orange juice, lemon juice, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, vinegar, parsley, scallions, garlic, thyme, bouillon, onion, remaining 1 cup lime juice, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper to a food processor and process until smooth. Pour the mixture into the Dutch oven with the Scotch bonnet. Stir in the cloves. Mix in the pork. Cover the pot and refrigerate at least 4 hours and up to overnight.nRemove the pot from the refrigerator 1 hour before cooking. Place the pot over high heat and add 8 cups water. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the meat is very tender and the liquid has been reduced by a third, 1 12 to 2 hours.nRemove the meat gently with a slotted spoon and set aside to cool.nIn a large saucepan or deep fryer, heat enough oil to cover the pork to 350 degrees F. Working in batches, pat the pork dry and fry until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes.nTo serve, drizzle the pork with oil and sprinkle with parsley and thyme leaves. Serve on a bed of rice., ingredients: [2 pounds pork, cut into medium cubes, 1 12 cups lime juice, 1 small Scotch bonnet or habanero chile pepper, 2 cups chopped celery, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup lemon juice, 12 cup chopped green bell pepper, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 12 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, plus extra for serving, 14 cup chopped scallions, 4 cloves garlic, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, plus extra leaves for serving, 2 cubes chicken bouillon, 12 onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 cloves, Canola oil, for frying and drizzling, Cooked rice, for serving], title: Griot Island Fried Pork, picturelink: xi1elKfCFkoBGu9hJpl8hUEsQ8iSWlu}, 39809: {instructions: Soak the bread crumbs in milk. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Lightly grease a loaf pan.nHeat the olive oil. When hot add the onions and saute for about 8 minutes or until golden and beginning to brown. Add the garlic and saute for a few seconds. Remove the skillet from the heat and transfer the contents to a mixing bowl.nAdd the soaked bread crumbs, ground chuck and ground pork butt and mix with 1 egg. Add grated cheese, fennel, oregano, and parsley. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Saute some of the mixture before tasting and adjusting for seasoning.nTransfer the mix to a loaf pan and bake at high heat for 15 minutes. Lower the heat to 350 degrees and bake for 1 hour or until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees. Let rest 15 minutes before cutting., ingredients: [12 cup fresh bread crumbs about 2 slices, 14 cup milk, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup onions, finely diced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 pound ground beef chuck, 12 pound ground pork butt or sweet sausage meat, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 13 cup grated Romano or Parmesan or sharp cheddar cheese, 14 teaspoon fennel seeds, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 cup chopped parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Classic Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 39810: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a medium saucepan over high heat, stirring frequently, until just brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the onion and garlic, and stir constantly until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the wine, bring to a boil and cook, stirring, to scrape up any bacon and browned bits, for about 1 minute. Stir in the lentils, chicken broth and pepper flakes, and return to a boil. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally and reducing the heat if necessary to maintain a medium boil, until saucy but not watery, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat, and stir in the celery, celery leaves, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper.nSeason the fillets all over with 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once the oil shimmers, add the fillets skinnedside down and cook, undisturbed, until crisped and browned, 3 to 4 minutes the fish should be opaque between the large natural flakes. Flip the fillets, and cook until just beginning to flake, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the fillets from the skillet, and turn off the heat. Add the butter to the skillet, and allow it to melt and brown.nDivide the lentils among 4 bowls or soup plates, top each with a fillet and drizzle with browned butter., ingredients: [3 stalks celery, trimmed, peeled and thinly sliced on the bias, plus 12 cup loosely packed leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 6ounce skinless cod fillets, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 slices bacon, cut into matchsticks, 12 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup red wine, Two 15ounce cans brown lentils, strained and rinsed, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: 25Minute Cod with Lentils, picturelink: gcK2mqJbKE7IhW0Z92kDkMzhH3le}, 39811: {instructions: Saute mushrooms in butter in a skillet 5 to 8 minutes over moderate heat until golden. Place all remaining ingredients in a bowl, add mushrooms and toss lightly to mix., ingredients: [12 pound mushrooms, wiped clean and sliced thin, 3 tablespoons melted butter or margarine, 1 12 cups soft white bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons minced chives, 2 tablespoons parsley, 12 teaspoon dried tarragon or marjoram, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon white pepper, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Mushroom Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 39812: {instructions: Preheat the oven 325 degrees F. Line two large baking sheets with parchment paper.nPlace the nuts in the bowl of a food processor, and process until finely ground or the texture of coarse cornmeal, 10 to 15 seconds. Transfer to a large bowl, and stir in the flour and salt. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy, 3 to 6 minutes. Beat in the vanilla, then reduce the speed to low and slowly mix in the flour mixture until combined, about 30 seconds. Roll the dough into balls about 24 dough balls and place about 1 12inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until lightly golden and the bottoms begin to brown, 18 minutes.nCool the cookies on the baking sheet for 20 minutes. Roll the cookies in the confectioners sugar just before serving., ingredients: [1 cup pecans or walnuts, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 14 ounces granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup confectioners sugar], title: Snowball Cookies, picturelink: KYYfjogzha9ck6OhenS.GgGZZDgFDK}, 39813: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a medium nonreactive saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add 13 cup of the oil and the garlic, and reduce the heat to medium. Cook the garlic, stirring often and mashing gently with a wooden spoon, until golden brown and beginning to soften, 5 minutes. Add the basil, tomatoes and their juices, the carrots and cheese rinds. Stir with a wooden spoon to combine. Bring to a simmer and adjust the heat to maintain a simmer. Cook for 35 minutes stirring occasionally to prevent sticking. Add 1 teaspoon of the salt. Remove from the heat and cool slightly.nRemove the rinds, carrots and basil. At this point you can use an immersion blender to puree slightly or leave it as a chunky sauce.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the penne 2 minutes less than the package directions. Meanwhile, rewarm the sauce in a large, straightsided skillet set over medium heat. Using a spider, strain the pasta from the water and add it directly into the pan with sauce, reserving 12 cup of the pasta water. Before stirring, sprinkle the pasta with the grated cheese. Toss the pasta, cheese and sauce together. Add the butter, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the reserved pasta water and continue to cook until the sauce is creamy and the pasta is al dente. Serve topped with more cheese if desired., ingredients: [13 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 3 large, full stems basil, Three 14ounce cans peeled cherry tomatoes, 1 carrot, peeled and halved, 8 ounces ParmigianoReggiano rind, cut into 3inch pieces, Kosher salt, 1 pound penne rigate pasta, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for serving, 3 to 4 tablespoons butter], title: Basic Parmesan Pomodoro, picturelink: eriDkF6ngV6Fy3C8iR2Juzam44oPkO}, 39814: {instructions: Mound 3 12 cups of the flour in the center of a large wooden cutting board. Make a well in the middle of the flour and add the eggs, spinach, and the olive oil. Using a fork, beat together the spinach, eggs, and oil, and begin to incorporate the flour, starting with the inner rim of the well.nAs you expand the well, keep pushing the flour up from the base of the mound to retain the well shape. The dough will come together when half of the flour is incorporated.nStart kneading the dough with both hands, using the palms of your hands. Once you have a cohesive mass, remove the dough from the board and scrape up and discard any leftover bits. Lightly reflour the board and continue kneading for 6 more minutes. The dough should be elastic and a little sticky. Wrap the dough in plastic and allow to rest for 30 minutes at room temperature.nDivide the dough into 3 equal portions and roll each out to the thinnest setting on a pasta rolling machine.nBring about 6 quarts of water to a boil and add 2 tablespoons salt. Set up an ice bath next to the stove top. Using a sharp knife, carefully cut the pasta into 20 5inch squares and drop into the boiling water. Cook 1 minute, until tender. Drain well and refresh in the ice bath. Once cooled, drain the pasta squares on towels and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a brownie pan, assemble the lasagne, beginning with a layer of ragu, a sprinkling of grated Parmigiano, a layer of pasta, a layer of bechamel, and then again a layer of ragu, a sprinkling of grated Parmigiano etc. until all sauce and pasta are used up. The top layer should be pasta with bechamel over it. Top the lasagne with grated ParmigianoReggiano and bake in the oven until the edges are browned and the sauces are bubbling, about 45 minutes to 1 hour.nRemove and allow to cool for at least 20 minutes before serving with a dusting of Parmigiano.nIn a 6 to 8quart, heavybottomed saucepan, heat the olive oil and butter over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, carrot, and garlic and sweat over medium heat until vegetables are translucent. Add veal, pork, beef, and pancetta to the vegetables, brown over high heat, stirring to keep meat from sticking together for about 15 to 20 minutes. Add the milk and simmer until almost dry, about 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and simmer 15 minutes. Add the wine and bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 2 to 2 12 hours, until flavors are developed. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and remove from the heat.nIn a medium saucepan, heat butter until melted. Add flour and stir until smooth. Over medium heat, cook until light golden brown, about 6 to 7 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat milk in separate pan until just about to boil. Add milk to butter mixture 1 cup at a time, whisking continuously until very smooth and bring to a boil. Cook 10 minutes and remove from heat. Season with salt and nutmeg and set aside., ingredients: [3 12 to 4 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus 12 cup for dusting the work surface, 4 extralarge eggs, 6 ounces frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and squeezed very dry and chopped very fine, 12 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 recipe Ragu Bolognese, recipe follows, 8 ounces ParmigianoReggiano, for grating, 1 recipe Bechamel Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 4 stalks celery, finely chopped, 1 carrot, scraped and finely chopped, 5 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 pound ground veal, 1 pound ground pork, 12 pound ground beef, 14 pound pancetta, minced, 12 cup milk, One 16ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, crushed by hand, with the juices, 1 cup dry white wine, Salt and pepper, 5 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons flour, 3 cups milk, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg], title: Lasagne, picturelink: null}, 39815: {instructions: Special equipment: 8inch round pan with a solid bottom no spring form, at least 2 inches deep. Oven proof baking dish or skillet, at least 11 inches in diameter and 2 inches deep. 8inch cardboard cake circle or pan bottom, optionalnMake the lemon curd: Combine the lemon zest, juice, and sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Meanwhile beat the egg until light in a small bowl. Beat some of the hot lemon mixture into the egg. Scrape the egg mixture back into the saucepan. Cook, stirring constantly and reaching all over the bottom and sides of the pan, until the mixture barely starts to simmer around the edges. Continue to cook and stir for about 15 seconds. Pour through a strainer set over a clean bowl. Stir in the vanilla. Cool to room temperature.nMake the cheesecake batter: Position rack in lower third of oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Place a round of parchment paper in the bottom of the cake pan and spray sides of pan with vegetable oil spray. Put water kettle on to boil for baking procedure.nProcess the cottage cheese in a food processor for 2 12 to 3 minutes or until silky smooth, scraping the sides and bottom of the bowl once or twice as necessary. Set aside.nIn a small microwave safe bowl, soften the Neufchatel cheese in microwave on high for about 30 seconds. Or, warm gently in the top of a double boiler. Stir until smooth. Scrape into the processor. Add the eggs, sugar, vanilla, lemon juice, and salt. Pulse until incorporated and perfectly smooth. Do not over process.nScrape the batter into the prepared pan. Distribute slightly rounded tablespoons of lemon curd evenly over the cheesecake batter. Using a table knife or teaspoon, use circular strokes to marble the batters until nicely but not to completely mingled.nSlide oven rack part way out. Place cheesecake pan in baking dish or skillet and set on oven rack. Carefully pour boiling water around the pan to a depth of about 1inch. Slide oven rack in gently to avoid sloshing. Bake until cheesecake has puffed and risen slightly and is just beginning to shrink from the edges of the pan, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove cheesecake from water bath and cool on a rack. When completely cool, cover and chill for at least 12 hours or up to 2 days before serving.nTo unmold and serve: Cover the pan with tightly stretched plastic wrap. Place a flat dish on top of plastic. Invert pan and dish and rap the pan gently until cheesecake is released from pan. Remove pan and peel parchment liner from bottom of cake. Place cake circle or serving plate on the cake and carefully invert so that cake is right side up. Remove plastic wrap. Press crumbs around sides of cake. Cut with a sharp thin knife. Dip the knife in hot water and wipe it dry between cuts., ingredients: [Grated zest of 12 lemon, 13 cup strained lemon juice, 5 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups 2 percent low fat small curd cottage cheese, drained at least 30 minutes in a strainer set over a bowl in the refrigerator, 8 ounces Neufchatel Cream Cheese, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoon strained lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 to 4 tablespoons graham cracker or Zwieback crumbs or crushed Chocolate Cookies or gingersnaps, 8inch round pan with a solid bottom no spring form, at least 2 inches deep., Oven proof baking dish or skillet, at least 11 inches in diameter and 2 inches deep., 8inch cardboard cake circle or pan bottom, optional], title: Lemon Marble Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 39816: {instructions: The process of baking meringue is a cross between baking it and drying it. Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F.nPrepare the meringue cake layer: Place the egg whites in a large mixing bowl and whip with an electric mixer on medium speed until foamy. Make a French meringue by adding the granulated sugar 1 tablespoon at a time. Increase the mixer speed to mediumhigh and whip to stiff but not dry peaks, about 7 minutes. Delicately fold in the powdered sugar with a rubber spatula. It is important to fold as gently as possible to avoid deflating the meringue.nPlace the meringue in a pastry bag fitted with a 34inch plain tip. Draw 2 8inch circles on a sheet of parchment paper by tracing around the outside of an 8inch cake pan with a pen. Turn the paper over so the drawing is face down so that the ink does not bake into the meringue and place on a baking sheet.nTo pipe the disks, hold the pastry bag at a slight angle about 1 12 inches above the parchment paper. This height and angle allows the piped meringue to hold the full shape of the 34inch tip. Start at the center of the circle and pipe the meringue in a spiral to the edge of the outline. I work counterclockwise because I am righthanded. If the meringue breaks while you are piping it, just continue where it broke. If any air bubbles appear on the disk, go back and fill them in with the extra meringue left in the piping bag. It takes practice to get the disks perfectly round. Dont worry if yours are slightly misshapen. You can gently scrape away the imperfections after the disks are baked.nAt this time, pipe additional swirls that are about 2inches wide and the height of your cake mold. These will be used to decorate the outside of the cake.nBake the meringue disks until they are firm to the touch, about 1 hour. If the meringue begins to take on color while baking, lower the oven temperature by 50 degrees F 10 C. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and place on a wire rack until the meringue disks have completely cooled. If you have the time, turn off the oven and cool the meringue on the baking sheet in the oven. This will take about 1 hour and will allow the meringue to dry completely.nWhile the meringue disks are baking, prepare the ice cream.nPrepare the ice cream and allow enough time for them to harden in the freezer.nHave the ice bath ready before you begin. To prepare an ice bath, fill a 4quart bowl with ice cubes. Generously sprinkle salt over the ice and add water to cover the ice. Place a clean, dry 2quart bowl over the ice bath.nTo prepare the chocolate ice cream base: Heat the milk and chopped chocolate together in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan this will keep the milk from burning over mediumhigh heat until bubbles form around the edge of the pan. While the milk is heating, combine the sugar and egg yolks and whisk until thoroughly incorporated and thick. Temper the egg mixture by pouring about half of the hot milk into it and whisk well. Now pour the tempered egg mixture into the remaining hot milk and chocolate. Cook over mediumhigh heat until slightly thickened, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula. The mixture has finished cooking when it is thick enough to coat the back of the spatula, about 3 to 5 minutes. Use the following method to tell if it is finished: Quickly dip the spatula into the hot mixture and hold it horizontally in front of you. With the tip of your finger, wipe a clean line down the center of the spatula. If the mixture holds and does not fill in the line, it is ready to be removed from the heat. If the line fills with liquid, the mixture must be cooked a little longer. Repeat the test every 30 seconds until ready. At no time should the mixture begin to boil. If you see bubbles begin to form around the edge of the pan, remove the pan from the heat and whisk the mixture thoroughly to cool it down. Once the mixture has finished cooking, pour it into a clean bowl and set aside to cool. If you want to reduce the cooling time, you can cool the chocolate ice cream base over an ice bath. When the mixture is cool, spin it according to the type of ice cream machine you are using. The ice cream is ready when it is creamy and smooth, like the consistency of softserve ice cream. Place the ice cream in an airtight container and store in the freezer until ready to use.nWhile the chocolate ice cream base is cooling, prepare the vanilla ice cream base. The technique is the same as above heat the milk, cream, honey and vanilla bean in a nonreactive 2quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat until bubbles form around the edge. Before adding the vanilla bean, use a sharp paring knife to slice the vanilla bean in half lengthwise. Separate the seeds from the skin by scraping the blade of the knife along the inside of the bean. Add the seeds and the skin to the mixture. While the milk is heating, combine the sugar and egg yolks and whisk until thoroughly incorporated and thick. Temper the egg mixture, then pour the tempered egg mixture into the hot milk and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, until slightly thickened enough to coat the back of the spatula.nRemove the pan from the heat and pour the mixture into the bowl placed over the ice bath. Remove the vanilla bean. Stir the mixture occasionally to distribute the cooler parts. When completely cooled, remove the bowl from the ice bath and puree the mixture until smooth with an immersion blender, food processor, or blender. Spin the ice cream in your ice cream machine and store in an airtight container in the freezer until ready to use.nThe next step is to mold the ice cream into the cake pan. Line a cake pan with parchment. You may need to slightly soften the ice cream. Make a 1 12inch thick layer of the chocolate ice cream in the bottom of the cake pan. Make a 1 12inch thick layer of the vanilla ice cream on top of the chocolate. Place the cake pan in the freezer and let harden. If you want to decorate the ice sculpture with ice cream balls, use an ice cream scoop to shape the remaining ice cream into ice cream balls of various sizes. Place the scoops on a parchment paper lined baking sheet and place in the freezer until hardened.nOnce the meringue disks are baked and the ice cream is molded, it is time to assemble the Vacherin. Remove the cake pan from the freezer. It may be necessary to dip the pan in warm water for a few seconds to unmold the ice cream. Once unmolded, place a meringue disk on top of the molded chocolate ice cream. Cover with a plate or cardboard cake circle and flip so the vanilla is now on top. Place a meringue disk on top of the vanilla and place the molded cake back in the freezer.nTo make the whipped cream: Use a sharp knife to slice the vanilla bean in half lengthwise. Separate the seeds from the outside skin by scraping the blade of the knife along the inside of the bean. Place the heavy cream, sugar, and vanilla seeds in a mediumsize bowl and whip to stiff peaks with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed.nRemove the Vacherin from the freezer. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a 34inch star tip with the whipped cream and use it to decorate the top and side. Using a turntable will make this task easier. Keep the Vacherin in the freezer until ready to serve.nIt is easiest to cut the cake with a hot serrated knife. To heat the knife, dip it in a tall container filled with hot water before each cut and wipe off the excess water., ingredients: [5 large egg whites, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 13 cups powdered sugar, 2 cups whole milk, 3 12 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 4 large egg yolks, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, 2 cups whole milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 12 tablespoons honey, 4 large egg yolks, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 23 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 vanilla bean], title: Chocolate and Vanilla Vacherin, picturelink: null}, 39817: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the flour with butter, egg, salt and 1 tablespoon of the water. Mix lightly with your fingertips until pastry forms peasized pieces. You should be able to see chunks of fat, and the pastry should be moist enough to begin to stick together. If the pastry is too dry, add up to 2 more tablespoons of water.nTurn the pastry out onto a lightly floured work surface, dust with flour, and knead it until the pastry is smooth, about 3 to 4 times. Transfer to a plastic bag and form pastry into a disk. Refrigerate a minimum of 30 minutes, or as long as 3 days.nCook bacon in a skillet over low heat until tender, not crisp. Add leeks, salt and pepper, and saute until leeks are soft and bacon is crisp, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain off excess fat, if any. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and arrange the rack in the middle of the oven. On a generously floured surface, roll pastry from center out, lifting pastry, turning it slightly, and occasionally flipping to prevent sticking. Roll pastry to 18inch thickness. Lightly butter and flour a 9inch pie pan and line with pastry, leaving about 14inch overhang for shrinkage. Pinch up excess pastry to form a rim and flute the edges. Prick the bottom all over with a fork.nLine pastry with a sheet of parchment or aluminum foil larger than the pan, and fill with pie weights, rice, or beans. Bake about 20 minutes, until the edges begin to color. Remove the paper and weights, and spread the mustard over the bottom of the pastry. Lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nIn a bowl, beat the eggs lightly with the milk. Stir in bacon and cheese mixture. Pour the custard into the pie shell to within 14inch of the top of the crust. Bake 25 to 30 minutes, or until custard puffs. Allow to cool 10 minutes before serving. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [1 13 cups flour, 12 cup 1 stick cold, unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 egg, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 to 3 tablespoons iced water, 12 pound slab bacon, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 leeks, white and light green parts, chopped about 2 cups, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups milk, 14 pound Gruyere cheese, grated about 1 13 cups], title: Leek and Bacon Quiche, picturelink: null}, 39818: {instructions: Mound the flour on a clean, dry work surface. Make a hole this is also called a well in the center of the flour pile that is about 8 inches wide bigger is definitely is better here. Crack the eggs into the hole and add the olive oil, squid ink and some salt.nUsing a fork, beat the eggs together with the olive oil, squid ink and salt then begin to incorporate the flour into the egg mixture, being careful not to break the sides of the well or else the egg mixture will run all over your board and you will have a big mess Also, dont worry about the lumps. When enough flour has been incorporated into the egg mixture that it will not run all over the place, begin to use your hands to really get everything well combined. If the mixture is tight and dry, wet your hands and begin kneading with wet hands. When the mixture has really come together into a homogeneous mixture, THEN you can start kneading.nWhen kneading, it is VERY important to put your body weight into it get on top of the dough to really stretch it and not to tear the dough. Using the heels of your palms, roll the dough to create a very smooooooth, supple dough. When done, the dough should look VERY smooth and feel almost velvety. Kneading will usually take from 8 to 10 minutes for an experienced kneader, or 10 to 15 minutes for an inexperienced kneader. Put your body weight into it you need to knead This is where the perfect, toothsome texture of your pasta is formed. Get in there and have funnWhen the pasta has been kneaded to the perfect consistency, wrap it in plastic and let it rest for at least 20 to 30 minutes. If using immediately, do not refrigerate.nRoll and cut the pasta into the desired shape.nHow smooth and supple, ingredients: [1 pound allpurpose flour, 5 eggs heirloom or organic, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons squid ink, Kosher salt], title: Chef Annes AllPurpose Pasta Dough with Squid Ink, picturelink: null}, 39819: {instructions: Coat a 1 12quart and a 2 12quart ovenproof bowl with cooking spray. Prepare the cake mixes divide the batter between the bowls. Bake at 325 degrees F, about 45 minutes for the small bowl and about 55 minutes for the large bowl. Let cool, then remove from the bowls.nMake the frosting: Heat the sugar with the cream of tartar, salt and 13 cup water in a saucepan, stirring, until dissolved. Beat the egg whites with a mixer until frothy. Slowly beat in the hot sugar mixture, then beat until stiff peaks form, about 7 minutes.nRemove about 2 cups of the frosting to a small bowl and fold in enough yellow food coloring to make a bright egg yolk color about 8 to 10 drops set aside.nSet the cakes roundedside down. Trim the tops with a serrated knife so the cakes sit at the same height.nFlip the cakes over and slice off a 3inch piece from each one as shown reserve the trimmings.nLine up the cut sides of the cakes, then trim the sides of the smaller cake as shown to make an oval shape. Flip the cakes over.nUse a little white frosting to stick the cakes together, then cover completely with a thin layer of frosting freeze 20 minutes. Cover with the remaining white frosting, making it as smooth as possible.nCrumble the reserved cake trimmings and mix with just enough of the prepared yellow frosting to moisten. Clump the mixture together and mound on the wider end of the cake to form the yolk.nPut the remaining yellow frosting in a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. Pipe in a spiral over the cake mound. Sprinkle with the crushed strawberry paprika and top with the sour straw chives.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 16to18ounce boxes white cake mix plus required ingredients, 4 freezedried strawberries, finely crushed, 2 3inch pieces green sour straws or licorice lace, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch of salt, 3 large egg whites, Yellow food coloring], title: Deviled Egg Cake, picturelink: CWY6X66PueL9qAMWVpKK4LX.k1MLxOi}, 39820: {instructions: Cook 1 12 pounds quartered redskinned potatoes in simmering salted water until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain cool slightly. Combine 14 cup each chopped pimientos, celery and green olives, 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley, sherry vinegar and mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon each olive oil and chopped shallot and 14 teaspoon smoked paprika. Toss with the potatoes season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Spanish Potato Salad, picturelink: jbh6On9Vu7pUPNaYgvVA1RLfwBQFvHW}, 39821: {instructions: 1.Heat oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl, mix feta cheese, green onions and 3 tablespoons of the beaten egg.n2.If using crescent rolls: Unroll dough separate into 4 rectangles. Press perforations to seal. If using dough sheet: Unroll dough cut into 4 rectangles.n3.Press each rectangle into 7 12x5inch rectangle. Cut rectangle into 3 rows by 2 rows to make 6 2 12inch squares. Top each dough square with slightly rounded measuring teaspoon feta cheese mixture. Fold dough over filling, forming triangle press edges to seal. On ungreased cookie sheets, place triangles 2 inches apart. Repeat with remaining 3 dough rectangles and feta cheese mixture.n4.Brush tops with remaining beaten egg. Sprinkle lightly with Parmesan cheese.n5.Bake 9 to 11 minutes or until golden brown. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 oz tomatobasil feta cheese, finely crumbled 1 cup, 2 tablespoons finely chopped green onions 2 medium, 1 egg, well beaten, 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu00ae refrigerated seamless dough sheet, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese], title: Cheese Crescent Triangles, picturelink: 0i2R4bxhsAq.MyCVhK2UemyM88Rn5Hi}, 39822: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut phyllo in half long ways and cover with a damp paper towel. Mix goat cheese, pine nuts, rosemary, parsley and garlic thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Brush piece of phyllo with butter and lay out long ways in front of you. Place 1 tablespoon of cheese mixture at end closest to you, fold in half long ways. Begin folding into triangle brushing with butter after each fold. Repeat with remainder of dough and bake on an ungreased sheet pan in a preheated 400 degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [10 sheets phyllo dough, 1 pound goat cheese, 4 ounces toasted pine nuts, 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped flat leaf parsley, 2 tablespoons pureed roasted garlic, Salt and pepper, 8 ounces melted butter], title: Spanikopita, picturelink: SULxkyQLT6HrHRb60Pa3Wjjw1XSISV.}, 39823: {instructions: Pierce the sweet potatoes several times with a fork and microwave, turning halfway through, until soft, 15 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, toss the coleslaw mix, pico de gallo, pickled jalapenos and 12 tablespoon olive oil in a medium bowl and set aside.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomato paste, chili powder and cumin and cook, stirring, until toasted, about 1 minute. Add the beef and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat.nOne at a time, hold the sweet potatoes in a kitchen towel, cut open and scoop out a few spoonfuls of flesh add to the skillet with the beef mixture along with the cheese and scallions. Season with salt. Return the skillet to medium heat and stir until the cheese melts, about 1 minute. Spoon into the sweet potatoes and top with the slaw., ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes about 8 ounces each, 1 14ounce package shredded coleslaw mix, 12 cup pico de gallo or fresh salsa, 1 tablespoon chopped pickled jalapeno peppers, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 ounces 93 percent lean ground beef, Kosher salt, 34 cup shredded lowfat cheddar cheese about 3 ounces, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: ChiliStuffed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 39824: {instructions: Special equipment: six 5ounce paper cups 6 wooden ice pop sticksnPut a large scoop of coffee ice cream in a paper cup and use a spoon to press the ice cream into the bottom and sides of the cup. Put a heaping tablespoon of the chocolate wafer cookies on top and gently press into the coffee ice cream layer. Finish with a large scoop of chocolate ice cream, pressing into the cup. Repeat with the remaining cups, ice cream, and chocolate wafer cookies. Push a wooden pop stick about a quarter of the way into the center of each pop and cover each with plastic wrap. Freeze the pops until the ice cream hardens, at least 4 hours and up to overnight. When ready to serve, gently peel off the paper cup and serve frozen., ingredients: [1 pint 2 cups coffee ice cream, 12 cup chocolate wafer cookies about 8 cookies, coarsely chopped, 1 pint 2 cups chocolate ice cream], title: Mocha Pops, picturelink: 2MoaJW1BRrm7vllOB6g.LtYrCxGk0q}, 39825: {instructions: Heat apple cider with a spice bag cheesecloth bag tied with lemon, cloves, cinnamon, and vanilla. When the mixture starts to steam, pour 4 ounces into wine glasses. Add 2 ounces cranberry juice cocktail and serve warm., ingredients: [4 cups apple cider, 4 lemon slices, 2 whole cloves, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 vanilla bean, Cheesecloth, Cranberry cocktail], title: Warm Spiced Cranapple Cider, picturelink: null}, 39826: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Grease a 13 x 9 x 2inch baking pan. Line bottom with waxed paper or parchment. Grease paper.nPlace date pieces in a pot with water and bring to a boil. Stir in soda and set aside. Cream butter then add sugar and beat until creamed. Continue beating, adding eggs 2 at a time, mixing until fluffy, add vanilla. Mix in flour and baking powder, alternating with dates. Bake in a 325 degree oven until firm, about 4045 minutes, cool in pan on a wire rack. Invert cake onto rack remove paper invert cake again. Cover and chill. Cut out triangles. Cover with sauce. Warm to order1 minute in microwave.nFor sauce, add last 4 ingredients together and boil 3 minutes. Garnish with caramelized pears and dried pear chips., ingredients: [2 12 cups water, 1 10ounce container pitted dates, chopped, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 13 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 cups unsifted allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup brown sugar, 13 cup butter, 13 cup half and half], title: Sticky Toffee Pudding, picturelink: null}, 39827: {instructions: Special equipment: eight 4ounce ramekins arranged, with some distance between each, in a water bath.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, stir together the condensed milk, 1 12 cups water and the salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until the ingredients are fully integrated, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the citrus zests and allow to cool.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, eggs and vanilla. Pour the condensed milk mixture over the eggs and whisk to blend.nFill the ramekins about threequarters each with the liquid and place the water bath in the center of the oven. Bake until they are almost firm in the center when lightly shaken, 45 to 50 minutes. Refrigerate until cooled.nServe the ramekins topped with slices of fresh orange and lemon, or by themselves with some cookies., ingredients: [One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Zest from 1 lemon, plus slices to garnish, Zest from 1 lime, Zest from 12 orange, plus slices for garnish, 5 large egg yolks, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Cookies, for serving, optional], title: Citrus Flan, picturelink: null}, 39828: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine 2 tablespoons of the sambal, the soy sauce, ginger, chicken, water chestnuts, garlic, scallions, cilantro and 2 tablespoons water this will keep the meatballs really moist. Use your hands to squish the mixture together until combined.nForm a little tester patty and then cook and taste to make sure the chicken is really delicious. If the seasoning isnt just right, add a little more soy sauce or a sprinkydink of salt. When youre confident the meatball mix is perfectly seasoned, form the meatballs.nRoll the meatballs in the peanuts, and place on a small baking sheet. Roast until meatballs are cooked through, 12 minutes.nIn a small bowl, add the mayonnaise and the remaining 2 tablespoons sambal. Stir to combine and refrigerate until ready to serve.nServe the meatballs hot with the chilimayonnaise., ingredients: [14 cup sambal oelek, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, plus more if needed, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 8 ounces ground chicken, 4 ounces canned water chestnuts, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 2 scallions, whites thinly sliced, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves finely chopped, Kosher salt, 1 cup roasted peanuts, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise], title: AsianStyle Chicken Meatballs, picturelink: WtSlry8avZoGtSVltfiPlaa7kbAT4u6}, 39829: {instructions: For the cakes:nPosition a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Lightly brush 2 9inch round cake pans with shortening or butter. Line bottoms with buttered parchment paper and dust with flour.nSift the flour, baking powder, soda, and salt into a medium bowl whisk to combine evenly. Stir the sour cream, lemon juice and vanilla together in a liquid measuring cup, and set aside.nBeat the butter in a standing mixer with the paddle attachment on high until light and creamy, about 2 minutes. Stop and scrape butter off the sides of the bowl. Continue beating while gradually adding the sugar it should take a couple minutes to add all the sugar. Continue beating until very light and fluffy, about 3 to 4 minutes more. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat in the lemon zest. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition.nAt low speed, add the flour mixture in 3 parts, alternating with the sour cream in 2 parts, beginning and ending with the flour. Scrape the sides of the bowl and mix for 15 seconds longer.nDivide the batter evenly between the prepared pans and smooth the top with a knife. Lightly tap the pan on the counter so the batter settles evenly.nBake the cakes until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 35 to 40 minutes. Cool in the pan on a rack for 20 minutes then turn cakes out onto the rack to cool completely.nFor the Icing:nBring a few inches of water to a boil in a saucepan that can hold a mixers bowl above the water. Whisk the sugar, the egg whites, lemon juice, cream of tartar, and salt in the bowl by hand. Set the bowl above the boiling water and continue whisking until the mixture is hot to the touch and the sugar dissolves, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the bowl to a standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat the whites at mediumhigh speed until they almost holds a stiff peak and are cool, about 10 minutes. Beat in the butter, a little at a time, until the icing is smooth and spreadable. If the icing separates, just keep beating and it will come back together.nTo assemble the cake:nSlice each cake in half horizontally with a serrated knife, to make 4 even layers, taking care that they are as flat and straight as possible.nSet a large flat plate on a large inverted bowl or bottom of a salad spinner of course, if you have a cake stand, use that, dabbing a little frosting on the bottom of the plate to secure it. Place a cake layer top side up on the plate. Using an offset spatula spread about half of the jam in a thin layer over the first cake layer, leaving about 14inch border along the outside. Lay the second cake layer on top, stacking it as straight as possible. Using an offset spatula spread about 1 cup of the icing on the top layer. Place a third cake layer on top.nSpread remaining red raspberry jam over the cake layer and place the final layer on top, pressing down lightly to secure all 4 layers together. Spread about 34 of the remaining icing around the sides with a knife or offset spatula, then ice the top of the cake. Use an offset spatula to smooth icing as much as possible. Press plain or iced cookies around the sides, taking care to leave space to cut the cake. Garnish with additional candied almonds and sprinkle the top of the cake with pastel colored sanding sugars. Serve immediately or set aside at room temperature for up to 2 hours before serving. If refrigerating the cake, bring to room temperature 30 minutes before serving.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and both sugars in another medium bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 30 seconds. Add the eggs and vanilla mixing until fully incorporated. Slowly add the flour mixture, and continue beating just until the dough comes together, stopping and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.nDivide dough in half, pat into disks, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours.nGenerously flour a clean work surface. For a nice, even layer of flour, lightly sift flour over the work surface. Gently roll chilled dough about 14inch thick. Cut into desired shape using a cookie cutter, working quickly enough so dough remains chilled. If dough gets too soft, refrigerate on a lined baking sheet until firm again, about 30 minutes.nTransfer cut cookies to ungreased baking sheets, leaving about 1inch between cookies. Refrigerate the formed cookies for at least 30 minutes. Lightly dust off excess flour with a dry pastry brush. Excess dough can be pressed into a disk, chilled and rerolled.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bake the cookies, until the bottoms are golden, about 12 to 15 minutes depending on shape. Cool on the baking sheets until firm enough to transfer to a rack to cool. Decorate as desired and serve. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 1 week., ingredients: [3 cups cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 14 cups sour cream, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice about 1 12 lemons, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into small pieces, 2 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 5 large eggs, room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 5 large egg whites, 1 12 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch fine salt, 1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into small pieces, 12 cup seedless red raspberry jam, Rabbit Sugar Cookies, homemade or store bought, recipe follows, Pastel sanding sugars, Candied almonds, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla paste or vanilla extract], title: RaspberryLemon Easter Cake, picturelink: AHRQXGfb9MNA0sgqNcB1cnAxtElYAeq}, 39830: {instructions: Start by making the clam broth: Put a large pot over medium heat, add the bacon and saute until the fat is rendered and the bacon is browned, about 5 minutes. Remove the cooked bacon pieces from the pot and reserve them for something else. Add a 1count of olive oil, the onion, garlic, thyme, and bay leaf and cook, stirring, until the vegetables are translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the clams, lemon juice, white wine, and water and bring to a low boil. Reduce the heat, cover the pot, and simmer for 10 or 15 minutes to steam open the clams. Remove the clams from the pot, discarding any that dont open. Strain the broth into a bowl. Pull the clams out of their shells, chop them, and set them aside separately discard the shells. Set the broth aside.nHeat the butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the bacon, onion, garlic, and thyme and cook until the bacon renders its fat and the vegetables are good and soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Dust the vegetables with flour and stir to coat everything well. Pour in the clam broth and bring to a boil. Add the cream and the potatoes, bring to a boil and boil hard for about 7 minutes, until the potatoes break down this will help to thicken the soup and give it a good texture. Add the chopped clams and season with salt and pepper.nNow add the 16 clams in their shells. Cover and simmer to open the clams, about 10 minutes. Stir in the parsley and serve hot, with the common crackers.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the crushed crackers in a bowl, add the oil and melted butter, and toss to coat the crackers with the fat. Spread on a baking sheet and bake until crisp and lightly browned, about 10 minutes.nYield: 2 cupsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 10 minutesnInactive Prep Time: nonenEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, Olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 16 littleneck clams, scrubbed well, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 cup white wine, 3 cups water, 2 tablespoons butter, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, Leaves from 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Common Crackers, recipe follows, 2 to 3 cups crushed saltine crackers crackers wrapped in a tea towel and smashed with a rolling pin, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, melted], title: Classic Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 39831: {instructions: Lightly mix together the blackberries, blueberries, raspberries and strawberries in a large bowl. Portion the berries into 6 small dessert bowls or glasses. Add a shot of limoncello to each. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours to allow the berries to macerate in the liquid.nJust before serving, garnish with basil., ingredients: [12 pint blackberries, rinsed and dried, 12 pint blueberries, rinsed and dried, 12 pint raspberries, rinsed and dried, 12 pint strawberries, rinsed and dried, stemmed and quartered, 4 shots limoncello, chilled, 6 fresh basil leaves, cut into ribbons], title: Berries with Limoncello and Basil, picturelink: dtyXYLWkxfCvQ8nthl83HoHhAH7QcsK}, 39832: {instructions: Cover the eggs with about 1 inch of water in a small saucepan. Bring to a high simmer, cover and remove from heat. Let stand for 8 minutes. Run under cold water peel and quarter each.nMeanwhile, arrange the bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium heat until golden brown and crisp, about 4 minutes per side. Remove the bacon from the skillet and chop into bitesize pieces.nWhisk together the chicken broth, soy sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large microwavesafe bowl. Add the rice, broccoli and scallion whites and toss to combine. Cover and microwave on high, stirring occasionally, until the broccoli is crisptender and the rice is warmed through, about 6 minutes.nDivide the ricebroccoli mixture among four bowls. Top each with a quartered egg, bacon, carrot and scallion greens. Drizzle each with sesame oil., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 4 strips bacon, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 cups cooked brown rice, 4 cups small broccoli florets, 2 scallions, sliced, white and green parts separated, 1 medium carrot, shredded, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil], title: Bacon and Broccoli Rice Bowl, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 39833: {instructions: Pick over beans, discarding any shriveled ones of foreign particles. Wash well and soak, covered in water, for 4 hours. Drain beans and place in 4 quarts of water in a soup pot. Add ham hock to the beans. Bring rapidly to a boil. Reduce heat to moderate and simmer beans until tender, about 35 to 45 minutes.nIn a saute pan, heat 1 and 13 cups olive oil. Add the chopped onions and garlic to the pan and saute over low heat. Add the chopped chiles and season with salt and pepper. Add the bay leaves and cook for about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.nAdd 1 cup of drained black beans to the onion mixture in the saute pan, and mash thoroughly with rest of the ingredients in the skillet. Stir in the sugar and the dried oregano.nAdd the bean and onion mixture to the bean pot. Cover, and simmer for 1 hour, at moderate heat. Add red wine, vinegar, 4 teaspoons dried oregano and cumin. Uncover and cook until sauce thickens. Serve hot.n1 12 tablespoons buttern1 tablespoon cumin seedsn3 cups uncooked basmati ricen2 small limes, juicedn6 cups cold watern2 teaspoons saltnHeat butter over medium heat in a large saucepan. When butter is melted, add cumin seeds and saute for 1 minute. Stir in the rice and cook for 2 minutes.nTurn the heat to high and add the lime juice, water and salt. Mix well. Bring to boil on high heat. Reduce heat and cook covered on low for 15 minutes until water evaporates., ingredients: [1 1pound bag dried black beans, 4 quarts water, 1 smoked ham hock, 1 13 cups olive oil, 2 onions, peeled and finely chopped, 12 cloves garlic, peeled, finely chopped, 12 small sweet chile peppers, seeded and finely chopped or your choice combo of hot peppers, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon whole dried oregano, crushed, 1 cup dry red wine, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 4 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Cumin Scented Rice, recipe follows], title: Cuban Black Beans and Cumin Scented Rice, picturelink: null}, 39834: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the apples, pears and pieces to a large bowl. Squeeze the juice from the limes over fruit. Add the honey and mint leaves, and toss it all together to coat. Serve immediately or chill until ready., ingredients: [3 apples, chopped, 3 pears, chopped, 2 peaches, pitted and chopped, Juice of 2 limes, 14 cup honey, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, torn], title: Apple and Pear Fruit Salad with HoneyLime Vinaigrette, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 39835: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a medium stockpot or Dutch oven over medium heat until its lightly browned and has rendered its fat, about 5 minutes. Add the onion, bell pepper, and garlic and cook until the onion is tender and translucent, about 6 minutes. Pour in the chicken stock and add the squash cubes. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the squash is tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nAdd the blackeyed peas, GarlicChipotle Love and corn. Simmer until the picadillo has thickened and the flavors come together, about 12 minutes.nStir in the basil and salt and pepper to taste. Divide among six bowls, and serve with rice and salsa.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Pour the oil into a heavy ovenproof medium saucepan and add the garlic. Cover the pot with foil, put it in the oven, and cook until the garlic turns a nutty brown and is really soft think cream cheese, about 45 minutes. Remove the pot from the oven and let the garlic and oil cool to room temperature. Put the garlic and the now garlicinfused oil in a food processor or blender. Add the chipotles and sauce, cilantro, lime zest, and salt and puree until the mixture is very smooth. Store in the fridge in a tightly covered container for up to 2 weeks or freeze for up to a month., ingredients: [14 pound 4 or 5 slices thickcut bacon, chopped, 1 medium white onion, finely chopped, 1 large red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, very finely chopped, 2 quarts chicken stock lowsodium storebought is fine, 1 medium butternut squash about 34 pound, peeled, seeded, and cut into 12inch cubes, One 28ounce can or two 15ounce cans blackeyed peas, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons GarlicChipotle Love, recipe follows, 1 12 cups corn kernels, fresh or frozen, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Rice and salsa, for serving, 1 cup canola oil, 12 garlic cloves, peeled, 3 tablespoons chopped canned chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Grated zest of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Bean and Butternut Squash Picadillo, picturelink: fy.9qSP6hawg7iXjyTQKfx013zoHehK}, 39836: {instructions: Cook each kind of potato separately. Start potatoes in cold, salted water, bring to a boil, and cook until tender, yet not falling apart. Drain and cool on parchment paper. Cut the tiny red potatoes into wedges. Toss in olive oil. Place on hot grill and grill on both sides until grill marks show and they are warm throughout. Combine all ingredients for the Potato Dressing allow to steep for about 12 hour. Toss the potatoes in the steeped dressing. Set aside. Blend the yellow vine ripe tomatoes in a blender with extra virgin olive oil, vinegar, garlic, and salt until smooth. Strain through a fine sieve. Place all the miniature tomatoes in a bowl, sprinkle with salt and basil, cover with yellow tomato vinaigrette and gently mix. Adjust seasoning with more vinegar, salt, and oil, if needed. Arrange grilled dressed potatoes in the center of each of 4 plates and surround with the tomato salad. Top each salad with 2 ounces goat cheese. Drizzle with basil oil and top with a basil sprig.nFound in specialty markets, ingredients: [2 baking potatoes, like russets, from Idaho, peeled, sliced, into 12 pieces about 12inch thick, punched out with round cookie cutter, 3 smallish purple baking potatoes from Idaho, peeled, sliced into 12 pieces about 12inch thick, punched out with oval cookie cutter, 8 tiny red new potatoes from Idaho, left whole, Olive oil, for light coating, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 18 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 tablespoon picked thyme leaves, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 vineripened yellow tomatoes, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 clove fresh garlic, Salt, 8 miniature red pear tomatoes, halved, 8 miniature yellow grape tomatoes, halved, 12 pint mixed red and yellow currant tomatoes or small cherry tomatoes, 4 tablespoons basil chiffonade, 8 ounces soft fresh goat cheese, Basil oil, for garnish, Basil sprigs, for garnish], title: Grilled Potato Salad with Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 39837: {instructions: Tear off the large tough stems from the bottom of the arugula. Wash and dry the arugula leaves. Cut the leaves into 12inch shreds. Put the shredded arugula in a large bowl.nPull off 20 or so of the largest, nicest outer leaves from the endive. They are going to be your endive cups. Arrange them around the center of a large platter or 2 smaller plates, leaving space in the center. Cut the remaining endive crosswise into 14inch shreds, starting at the pointy top and stopping when you get to the bitter core. Put the shredded endive in the bowl with the arugula.nPeel any outer wilted leaves from the radicchio and cut the head in half. Cut out the core and then cut the radicchio into 14inch shreds. Add to the bowl with the arugula and the endive. You can make the endive cups and prepare the greens up to a couple hours in advance. Cover them with damp paper towels and keep them in the refrigerator until youre ready to dress the salad.nTo make the dressing: place all the dressing ingredients in a sealable container and shake until totally blended.nJust before serving, toss the salad with most of the dressing. Fill the endive cups with salad and splatter with the remaining dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large bunch arugula, 2 to 3 large heads Belgian endive, 1 large head radicchio, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 lemons, juiced, 12 teaspoon salt, 15 to 20 grinds freshly ground black pepper], title: Endive TriColore Salad, picturelink: DDz6qTNL.lL2rfdsjzEdA8bSpT45WS}, 39838: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLightly oil a baking dish that will accommodate the fish fillet. On a flat plate, stir together the flour with a little salt and pepper, then dredge the fish in the seasoned flour and shake off the excess.nIn a saute pan, heat about 1 tablespoon oil, or as needed to form a film in the pan, over mediumhigh heat. Saute the fish on both sides until lightly colored. With a slotted spatula, remove the fish to the prepared baking dish.nIn the same saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion and celery and saute until soft and pale gold, about 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes, if using, and simmer for 3 minutes to thicken slightly. Add the olives, pine nuts, raisins, capers, garlic, and wine and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes to blend the flavors. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nLadle the sauce over the fish. Bake until the fish tests done with the point of a knife, about 10 minutes. Eat while hot or warm.nVariation: You can also make this dish in a saute pan. Just place the sauteed fish in the sauce in the pan, cover, and simmer gently over low heat until the fish cooked through, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1inch thick Pacific halibut fillet about 8 ounces, About 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 small onion, chopped, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 12 cup peeled, seeded, and chopped tomatoes, optional, 2 tablespoons green olives, pitted and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons raisins, plumped in hot water, 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 14 cup dry white wine or water], title: Pacific Halibut in a Sicilian Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39839: {instructions: Mix 1 cup each mayonnaise and chopped pickled jalapenos, 1 chopped scallion, 1 tablespoon each lime juice and chopped cilantro and 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Jalapeno Tartar Sauce, picturelink: vSUJFeb2j8FAJRySPJFPUCYXhtRiMy}, 39840: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo prepare the Roast Turkey: toss the herbs and butter into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until green and smooth. Rub the turkey breast with half of the herbed butter and with salt and pepper. Place the turkey on a rack in a roasting pan and put in the oven. Let the turkey cook for 1 hour, basting every 20 minutes with the butter and pan juices. The turkey is done when it reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F. Let rest for 15 minutes on the cutting board.nTo assemble the sandwich: spread a thin layer of the remaining butter on 1 piece of the bread. Place 1 slice of the cheese and several slices of the turkey breast on unbuttered side of the bread. Peel and slice the avocado, toss with the lemon juice, olive oil, salt and pepper. Add avocado slices, crispy bacon slices, lettuce and another slice of fontina cheese to the top of that. Sprinkle again with salt and pepper. Slather the remaining piece of bread with the butter and place on unbuttered side out, on top of the bacon.nHeat a castiron or other heavy skillet over mediumlow heat. Add 1 tablespoon of butter and let it melt, swirling the pan around to coat. Put the sandwich in the pan and weigh it down with a heavy pot or can or wrap an ordinary brick in aluminum foil and set it on top to compress the sandwich. Toast for 1 minute, turn the sandwich over before the bread begins to burn. Repeat with remaining sandwiches. Cut the sandwiches in half and serve., ingredients: [2 sprigs thyme, 2 sprigs tarragon, 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 4pound turkey breast, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices country bread, 12 pound fontina cheese, sliced thinly, 1 large ripe avocado, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 6 slices maple bacon, cooked until crispy, Pepper lettuce watercress, Butter, for sauteeing], title: Roast Turkey, Avocado and Bacon Sandwich, picturelink: FTWQxCuiCgPcnmYFzJrug1EW5Cpp9C}, 39841: {instructions: For the tea: Add the saffron threads to the white wine, and let the flavors steep for 10 minutes.nFor the packets: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the fillets onto a plate, and stain each one with a few steeped saffron threads from the tea, and refrigerate for 15 to 20 minutes.nIn a medium saute pan, pour in the remaining saffron tea, capers, carrots, orange zest, orange juice, and white wine. Bring the ingredients up to a simmer, and cook until the carrots are slightly tender, approximately 2 minutes. Stir in the butter, and season with salt, to taste, and remove the pan from the heat.nTear off 4 pieces of foil or parchment paper large enough to wrap up each fish fillet and vegetables not too tight.nPlace the whole green onion pieces in the center of the parchment. Lay a bed of carrot mixture over the whole green onions. Season the halibut with salt, and pepper, to taste, and place the fillets over the carrot mixture. Spoon the remaining sauce, and carrots over the fish, and fold up the parchment edges not too tight, creating a sealed packet.nSet the packets on a sheet tray, and bake until the fish is just cooked through, approximately 10 minutes.nOnce cooked, open the packets, and garnish the halibut with the green onion slivers.nIn a pot, melt the butter over medium heat, add the green onion whites, and garlic, and sweat until tender. Add in the saffron threads, and stir.nStir in the rice, ensuring the grains are well coated with the saffronbutter mixture.nPour in the water, and stir to combine.nBring the cooking liquid to a boil, cover, and reduce the heat to a simmer.nCook the rice until the rice is fully cooked, about 25 minutes.nSeason the rice with salt, to taste., ingredients: [2 teaspoons saffron threads, 1 tablespoon white wine, 4 6ounce skinless halibut fillets, 1 12 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed, 2 carrots, thinly sliced on the bias, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 14 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon butter, Kosher salt, Bunch green onions, top 13 sliced for garnish, and middle 13 kept whole, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, Bunch green onions, whites portion only, smashed and coarsely chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 2 cups parboiled long grain rice, 4 cups water, Kosher salt], title: Saffron Halibut Packets, picturelink: null}, 39842: {instructions: Preheat the oven to broil.nThickly coat pork chops with Dijon mustard you may not need all of the mustard. In a shallow bowl, combine bread crumbs and seasonings. Dredge pork chops in crumbs. Arrange pork chops on a wire rack set on top of a sheet pan. Spritz bread crumb coating with a little bit of oil spray. Place under broiler and cook on both sides until coating is brown, about 5 minutes on each side., ingredients: [4 34inch thick pork loin chops, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Canola oil spray], title: AirFried Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 39843: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 12inch pizza pan with shortening, or spray with cooking spray. In pan, break up cookie dough into pieces and press out dough evenly in bottom of pan to form crust. Bake 12 to 17 minutes or until light golden brown.n2. Sprinkle marshmallows and candies evenly over crust. Bake 2 to 3 minutes longer or until marshmallows are puffed. Drizzle hot fudge topping over top. Cool completely, about 1 hour. Cut into wedges to serve.nUse candycoated chocolate candies in all colors for a festive New Years party cookie For taste variations, add 14 cup semisweet chocolate chips, butterscotch chips or peanut butter chips after drizzling with hot fudge., ingredients: [1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated chocolate chip cookies, 1 12 cups miniature marshmallows, 12 cup red and green candycoated chocolate candies, 12 cup hot fudge topping, heated, if desired], title: Jingle Bell Cookie Pizza, picturelink: null}, 39844: {instructions: Heat a large soup pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat add 2 tablespoons of the oil. Season the meat generously with salt and pepper. Sear the meat on all sides until well browned this will take about 15 minutes. Set the meat aside and wipe the pan out with a paper towel. Lower the heat to medium, add the oil to the pan. Add the carrot, onion, and celery to the pan and saute until tender, about 10 minutes. Return the meat to the pan with the water. Bring to a boil, adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer, cover, and cook for 1 12 hours or until the meat is just tender. Add the thyme, barley, and tomato, continue to simmer the soup, covered, for 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium saute pan, heat the butter over mediumhigh heat, add the mushrooms and saute until golden, about 10 minutes. Season the mushrooms with salt and pepper to taste, and add them to the soup, and simmer for 15 minutes more. Remove the meat from the soup cut the meat from the bone and dice. Skim any fat from the surface of the soup with a ladle or large spoon. Return the meat to the soup with the parsley. Season the soup with salt and pepper to taste. Serve in warm bowls., ingredients: [2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon canola oil, One 1 14 to 112 pounds beef shin on the bone, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 carrot, diced, 12 onion, diced, 1 rib celery, diced, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 6 cups water, 13 cup pearl barley, rinsed, 1 cup chopped canned tomato, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 34 pound mediumsized button mushrooms, brushed, trimmed, and quartered, 3 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley], title: Beef Mushroom Barley Soup, picturelink: null}, 39845: {instructions: Thinly slice a baguette arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Brush with softened butter and sprinkle with salt and sugar. Bake at 425 degrees F until lightly golden, about 7 minutes. Let cool slightly.nToss 2 sliced bananas with 1 tablespoon melted butter spread on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with sugar and bake at 425 degrees F until golden, about 10 minutes. Spread hazelnut butter on the toast rounds. Top with the roasted bananas, whipped cream and chopped hazelnuts.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [], title: BananaHazelnut Bruschetta, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 39846: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a muffin pan with 24 cupcake liners. In a very large bowl, stir together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add the milk, shortening, Champagne and vanilla. Beat on low to medium speed for about 30 seconds, or until just combined. Scraping the bowl constantly, beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Add the egg whites and beat for 2 minutes. Fill the cupcake liners half full with batter and bake until the center springs back when touched, about 12 minutes. Cool before frosting. For the buttercream: Put the egg whites in the large mixing bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Put 1 12 cups sugar and 12 cup water in a heavy saucepan and bring to a boil over medium to high heat. Bring to a soft ball stage 240 degrees F, 4 to 7 minutes. Meanwhile, whip the egg whites at high speed until soft peaks form. With the motor running, gradually add the remaining 12 cup sugar, continuing to whip until medium peaks form. When the sugar water reaches 240 degrees F, raise the speed to high and gradually add in the sugar water to the egg whites in a thin stream to avoid cooking the egg whites. Leave the mixer on high for 2 minutes, and then reduce the speed to medium until the mixture has cooled to room temperature, 5 to 8 minutes. Once cooled, add the butter in increments, scraping the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add in the vanilla and whip. Pipe the buttercream on top of the cooled cupcakes. This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 3 cups white sugar, 5 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 23 cup milk, 1 cup shortening, 12 cup Champagne, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 8 egg whites, 2 cups sugar, 8 large egg whites, 4 cups 2 pounds unsalted butter, cubed, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Champagne Cupcakes with Italian Buttercream, picturelink: fCrQVZSu57ADwBEEaIQE.eIq2LHOBEK}, 39847: {instructions: Toss the tomatoes in a large bowl with 2 tablespoons olive oil, the vinegar and a large pinch each of salt and pepper set aside to marinate.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain. Add the warm pasta to the tomatoes along with the salami and 14 cup of the reserved cooking water stir to combine.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the mozzarella, basil and parsley to the pasta toss until combined and slightly saucy. Add the remaining reserved cooking water as needed to loosen, 1 tablespoon at a time. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 pounds assorted heirloom tomatoes 3 to 4, cored and chopped, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 ounces campanelle or penne pasta, 2 ounces delisliced salami, chopped, 4 ounces smoked mozzarella, diced, 12 cup fresh basil, torn, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Pasta With Tomatoes, Salami and Smoked Mozzarella, picturelink: WEhwbYleB9YI4vQbjrAAb2CzInXGgj2}, 39848: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing an electric mixer or a whisk, beat the peanut butter and confectioners sugar together until smooth and stiff. Beat in the vanilla extract. Shape the peanut butter mixture into 20 1inch balls and place on a waxed paperlined sheet tray. Place the tray in the freezer for 1 hour.nAdd chopped chocolate to a small bowl set over gently simmering water. Stir to melt. Remove chocolate from heat. With 2 forks, carefully dip the chilled peanut butter balls 12 way into the chocolate, let excess drip off, and lay onto the waxed paperlined sheet tray.nWith a fork, swirl some decorative chocolate across the top of each bite. Place in the refrigerator for the chocolate to set and the peanut butter to solidify, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 18ounce jar creamy peanut butter, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped], title: Frozen Peanut Butter Bites, picturelink: 0I88APYS6VHKKae7kCgxGLsCBhDxnNy}, 39849: {instructions: To make the fish and vegetables: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPrick each potato once with a fork, then rub potatoes with 12 tablespoon oil. Roast on a baking sheet in middle of oven until just tender, about 25 minutes. Cool to room temperature and cut crosswise into 14inchthick slices. Leave oven on.nHeat remaining 1 12 tablespoons oil in a 12inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute bell peppers, stirring, until just tender, 6 to 8 minutes.nSpread potato slices evenly in an oiled 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish and season with salt and pepper. Top with peppers, then tomatoes and fish, seasoning each layer with salt and pepper. Sprinkle fish with lemon juice.nTo make the Charmoula Sauce: Puree all sauce ingredients except oil in a food processor or blender. With motor running, add oil in a slow stream.nPour sauce evenly over fish and bake in middle of oven until fish is just cooked through, 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound medium red boiling potatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 green and yellow bell peppers, cut into 14inchwide strips, 2 medium tomatoes, cut crosswise into 14inchthick slices, 3 pounds haddock or cod fillets, skinned and cut into 6 pieces, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 5 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 12 cup olive oil], title: Cod in Charmoula Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39850: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the peanuts, salt and honey into the bowl of a food processor. Process for 1 minute. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Place the lid back on and continue to process while slowly drizzling in the oil and process until the mixture is smooth, 1 12 to 2 minutes. Place the peanut butter in an airtight container and store in the refrigerator for up to 2 months.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRinse the peanuts under cool water to remove excess dirt. Pat dry and place in a large bowl and toss with the peanut oil and salt until well coated.nPlace on 2 half sheet pans, making sure to spread them out into a single layer. Roast in the oven for 30 to 35 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through cooking. Once you remove the peanuts from the oven, let them cool slightly before eating. They will continue to cook and become crunchy as they cool.nIf using peanuts to make peanut butter, remove shells and discard. Remove the skin by rubbing the peanuts together in your hands held over a salad spinner, allowing the peanuts and skins to fall into the bowl. Once the skin has been loosened from all of the peanuts close the salad spinner and spin until all of the skin has been separated from the peanuts., ingredients: [15 ounces shelled and skinned ABs Roasted Peanuts, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons honey, 1 12 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 pounds inshell raw peanuts see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Homemade Peanut Butter, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 39851: {instructions: Soak the lemons for 2 days before preparing this recipe. Change the water twice.nRemove the nut end of the lemon the end that attaches the lemon to the tree. Slice a cross twothirds of the way up the lemon. Fill with rock salt, dont be shy. Place into glass jar. Repeat this process until there are enough lemons compacted into the glass jar. Make sure there is enough room about 14 of the jar left at the top to accommodate any excess juices from the lemons. Secure tightly with the lid and place in a cool dark place for at least a month.nSome people add 12 cup of fresh water to encourage the process of preservation, with the addition of olive oil to act as a sealant on top of the lemons. These last two processes are not necessary. Some people also add cinnamon sticks and cloves or black peppercorns, it entirely depends on your individual taste. Simple is best.nThe lemons will then be preserved and ready to use. They last for about 4 years.nRemember not to use a jar with a metal lid as this will affect the preserving process and the metal may erode., ingredients: [10 lemons enough to fill a jar 34 full, Rock salt, Large glass jar or plastic container with tops no metal lids], title: Preserved Lemons, picturelink: null}, 39852: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDrizzle a little olive on each steak and sprinkle 1 tablespoon Aarons Adobo on each side of the steaks. Allow to rest.nMeanwhile, using a saute pan over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon olive oil, the roasted poblano and jalapeno chiles and onion. Cook for 5 minutes, until the onion is translucent. Remove and cool.nThen, in a large saute pan, add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the shallots. Cook softly over medium heat until translucent, about 5 minutes. Then add the chileonion mixture and cook for another 5 minutes. Then add the nopales. Season with 1 teaspoon of salt and 1 teaspoon of pepper and set aside.nOn a hot grill, cook the steak for 7 to 8 minutes on each side until mediumrare and remove from the grill. Allow to rest for 5 minutes, then slice into 1inch pieces. Divide the chileonion mixture onto 4 plates and top with the sliced steak. Next, top with some Epazote Butter, however much youd like, and put the plate under a broiler just for a few seconds, long enough for the butter to melt. Good to go. Serve and enjoynHeat a dry skillet over mediumlow heat. Pour in the cumin, coriander, fennel and mustard seeds along with the pieces of ancho and pasilla chiles. Toast, stirring constantly, until its very aromatic and just begins to smoke, about 3 minutes.nDump the mixture onto a plate and let it cool to room temperature. Grind it to a fine powder in a spice grinder or clean coffee grinder.nPut the powder in a large bowl and add the oregano, paprika, garlic powder and onion powder. Stir them really well to combine.nStore the adobo in an airtight container or resealable plastic bag in a cool, dark place for up to a month.nIn a blender, puree the epazote, cilantro, garlic, lime juice, salt and pepper with 12 cup water. Then take herb puree and mix well with softened butter until a green butter occurs. Once mixed, you can wrap in parchment paper and freeze. It keeps for up to a month., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra to drizzle on steaks, Two 16ounce New York strip steaks 12 a steak per serving, 4 tablespoons Aarons Adobo, recipe follows, 2 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled and seeded, thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno chile, roasted, peeled and seeded, thinly sliced, 1 white onion, thinly sliced, 1 medium shallot, thinly sliced, 12 cup nopales, grilled for 5 minutes on each side and sliced, Epazote Butter, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup cumin seeds, 14 cup coriander seeds, 14 cup fennel seeds, 14 cup yellow mustard seeds, 2 ancho chiles, stemmed, seeded, deveined and torn into small pieces, 2 pasilla chiles, stemmed, seeded, deveined and torn into small pieces, 12 cup dried whole oregano preferably Mexican, 14 cup Spanish paprika pimenton, preferably sweet or hot, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 1 bunch epazote leaves, picked about 2 cups, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, roughly chopped about 1 cup, 1 clove garlic, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound butter, softened], title: Bistec Con Chiles Verdes, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 39853: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdjust the rack to the bottom third of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F.nAdd the chiles to a medium bowl and cover with the boiling water. Let steep for 20 minutes.nSprinkle the short ribs generously on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until just under smoking hot. Add the short ribs in batches, leaving some room between each of them so they sear evenly, and cook until well browned, about 7 minutes per side 14 to 15 minutes per batch. Remove the short ribs to a platter in a single layer no stacking and repeat with the second batch.nMeanwhile, add the chile peppers with water, chicken stock, tomato paste, garlic, onions and a dash of salt to a blender, and mix until blended together.nOnce the second batch of meat is seared, remove and set aside. Add the hard cider to the Dutch oven and scrape the brown bits left from the meat off the bottom of the pot. Pour the onion mixture into the pot and turn the heat up to high. Add the balsamic and rosemary sprigs and boil together for 2 to 3 minutes. Return the short ribs and any juice that may have accumulated on the platter back into the pot. Cover tightly with a lid and braise in the oven until the ribs are tender, about 2 12 hours.nPlace the ribs on a platter covered with foil to keep warm. Put the Dutch oven on the stovetop over high heat and reduce the braising liquid until thick and saucy, 20 minutes. Add the ribs back to the pot before serving to coat with the reduced liquid. Place the ribs on plates and ladle the sauce over the top. Sprinkle with chopped parsley for garnish., ingredients: [2 large dried New Mexico chile peppers, stemmed, seeded and torn into pieces, 1 cup boiling water, 5 pounds meaty Englishstyle centercut short ribs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 large onion, chopped, One 750milliliter bottle hard cider, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: ChileBraised Short Ribs, picturelink: GEZESY353lpAwonKToghPmjZby2x6zW}, 39854: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a deep pan, add the leeks, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Then add the shallots and sweat for another 3 to 4 minutes. Add the beer, season, and then add the fish stock, reduce.nPlace the fish fillet on top of the leekshallots mixture and place the slices of tomatoes attractively on top. Season the fish and place into the oven for 10 to 12 minutes.nWhen finished, place the fish on a plate, add a little piece of butter in the sauce to thicken and smooth it, check the seasoning, and pour on the fish. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup fish stock, 2 8 ounce boneless fillet of red snapper, 2 tomatoes, sliced thinly, 1 tablespoon butter, plus 1 teaspoon, 2 leeks, white parts only, cut into julienne, 2 shallots, finely diced, 1 cup Belgium blond beer, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Fillet of Red Snapper with a Light Beer Glaze, picturelink: null}, 39855: {instructions: Combine salad ingredients in a bowl. In a small mixing bowl combine shallots, jalapenos, garlic and lime juice. Whisk in oil and season to taste with salt. Toss salad with vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 12 cups julienned iceberg lettuce, 12 cup julienned carrots, 12 cup peeled and julienned jicama, 12 cup rough chopped cilantro leaves, 2 shallots, minced, 2 jalapenos, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 14 cup olive oil, Salt], title: Mexican Salad, picturelink: null}, 39856: {instructions: Place the bread into a large mixing bowl and toss with a few tablespoons of duck fat. Place into a 400degree oven on a cookie sheet and cook until browned, remove and place back into the mixing bowl.nIn a large saute pan, saute the chanterelles in the butter until golden brown, season with salt and pepper and add to the bread.nPlace the vegetables into the same pan and cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes, season with salt and pepper and add to the bread mixture.nRoughly chop the chestnuts and add to the mixture.nChop the gesiers and add to the mixture with a few tablespoons of duck fat.nAdd the Italian parsley.nMix everything together very well and taste for seasoning, add salt and pepper as necessary.nBeat the egg well and add to the mixture, mix together very well.nPlace into a casserole dish and bake in a 350 degree oven for 25 minutes until golden brown on the top.nGesier:n2 pound gizzards duck, chicken or turkeyn3 cups rendered duck fatn3 sprigs of thymen4 cloves garlic, lightly crushednHeavily salt the gizzards, combine with the thyme and garlic and allow to sit overnight, or for at least a few hours. Place the melted fat and the gizzards into a hotel pan or deep casserole dish and place into a preheated oven at 225 degrees.nCook for 2 to 3 hours or until completely tender, remove from the fat and refrigerate., ingredients: [3 quarts Batard bread, crust removed, cut into 1.5 inch cubes, 4 eggs, 2 cups celery , cut into 34 inch squares, 2 cups onion, cut into 34 inch squares, 2 cups leeks, cut into 34 inch squares, 4 lbs chanterelles, cleaned and sliced, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 pounds chestnuts, roasted and peeled, 12 cup chopped parsley], title: Gesier, Chestnut and Chanterelles Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 39857: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCarefully unfold one sheet of puff pastry on a floured surface. Using a rolling pin, roll out the pastry large enough to cover the bottom of 9inch pie plate with overhang about 12 inches in diameter. Trim the overhang, and using the tongs of a fork, prick the bottom of the pastry all over.nIn a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Add the carrots, celery and onions and cook until the vegetables start to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in the flour and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Slowly add the broth and milk. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until the mixture thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon.nStir in the turkey, peas, celery seed and season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and cool completely.nUnfold an additional sheet of pastry on a floured surface and cut into 6 to 8 even strips.nPour the filling into the pie crust. Create a lattice pattern over the top by weaving the strips over and under each other. Trim the excess edges. Gently beat the egg and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Brush the dough with the egg wash before placing the pot pie on a sheet tray.nPlace in the oven and bake until the pastry is golden brown and the filling is bubbly, 45 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 package puff pastry, thawed, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup peeled and chopped carrots, 12 cup chopped celery, 12 yellow onion, chopped, 1 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup whole milk, 1 12 cups leftover turkey, roughly chopped, 12 cup frozen petite peas, 14 teaspoon celery seed, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Turkey Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 39858: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nRemove the neck, liver and heart from the turkey. Rinse turkey with cold water inside and out. Dry off the turkey.nRub vegetable oil, salt, pepper and Natures seasons on both sides of the turkey. Place turkey breast side down on a Vrack inside a shallow roasting pan. Mold aluminum foil tightly to the turkey. Place turkey in oven and cook for about 3 12 hours 15 minutes per pound.nWhen there is about a 12 hour left in your cooking time, remove the foil and flip the turkey breast side up to brown. The turkey is done when the meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh not touching the bone reads 175 to 180 degrees. Let stand for about 20 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 fresh 15 pound turkey, 1 cup vegetable oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, Natures Seasons seasoning mix, to taste], title: Roast Turkey, picturelink: null}, 39859: {instructions: Bring 8 cups water to a boil. Add the raspberries, sugar, tea bags and basil. Turn off the heat and steep 5 to 10 minutes. Strain and let cool, then combine with the lime juice in a large pitcher. Refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour. Serve in Raspberry Icefilled glasses, garnished with fresh basil leaves.nAdd 3 raspberries to each ice cube slot in an icecube tray. Fill with water and freeze until solid, 6 to 8 hours., ingredients: [2 cups raspberries, 1 cup sugar, 8 bags hibiscus tea, 1 bunch fresh basil about 10 leaves, a few leaves reserved for garnish, Juice of 2 limes, Raspberry Ice, recipe follows, 36 raspberries], title: Raspberry Basil Iced Tea, picturelink: PM2NCIG067zu0OMXnHAUvzvaIu0EV5y}, 39860: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the corn from the husks. In a large, deep bowl, slice off the kernels of corn with a sharp knife. Turn the knife to the dull side and scrape the cob all the way down to remove all the bits of kernel and creamy milk inside. I do this inside the bowl because it goes everywhere if you cut it on a board.nAdd the red bell peppers, jalapenos, heavy cream, milk, salt to taste, a generous amount of pepper and butter and mix it well. Pour into a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Bake until thoroughly warmed through, 30 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [8 ears corn still in the husk, 2 red bell peppers, diced, 2 fresh jalapenos, diced, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick salted butter, cut into pieces], title: Fresh Corn Casserole with Red Bell Peppers and Jalapenos, picturelink: 2FTPnYfleE.hHZDIDdOd.8l.6m8OWI.}, 39861: {instructions: In a large, heavy pot add a 3count of extravirgin olive oil. Add garlic, onion, bay leaf, marjoram and basil. Saute gently until fragrant. Add the vegetables and cook a little of the moisture out, about 5 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Dump in the chicken stock and heavy cream bring to a gentle boil. Reduce heat and simmer uncovered for 15 to 20 so the flavours can come together  do not let it boil hard. Remove half of the vegetables from the pot and puree and add back to the pot to thicken. Simmer for 5 to 7 minutes until the vegetables are just tender. Serve each bowl with a spoonful of basil and mint pesto on top, a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and some freshly ground black pepper. Garnish with watercress or parsley.nPut all the ingredients into a food processor and pulse until just combined and the pesto still has a lot of texture., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and minced, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 bay leaf, 3 sprigs fresh marjoram, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 celery ribs, peeled and chopped, 1 bunch asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cups young green beans, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cups shelled English peas or substitute frozen, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 quarts lowsodium chicken stock, enough to cover, 1 cup heavy cream, Basil and Mint Pesto, recipe follows, 1 bunch watercress or parsley, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 cup fresh mint leaves, 12 cup Parmesan or Romano, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 4 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Summer Minestrone, picturelink: ggAjTu62HL2.HLLAkTHpgX52SZNqGC}, 39862: {instructions: Soak the beans with the baking soda in 10 cups of water for about 3 hours. Rinse and drain.nAdd the beans to a Dutch oven and add 10 cups fresh water, along with the olive oil, cumin, oregano, sugar, vinegar, cilantro stems, bay leaves and onion. Simmer until the beans are soft, about 2 hours. Add 2 teaspoons of salt or more to taste and freshly ground black pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 pound dried black beans, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 to 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, Ten to fifteen 3inch cilantro stems, tied in a bundle, 3 bay leaves, 1 onion, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: CubanStyle Black Beans, picturelink: qIiS64R3wq1Y7zwtiCpO0PrB0Q5Ai}, 39863: {instructions: Reserve 4 strawberries with tops for garnish and split them. Clean, dry, and trim remaining strawberries.nAdd all but the reserved strawberries to a blender. To that, add the juice of 1 ripe lime, 2 rounded tablespoons sugar, a splash of orange juice, 12 a tray of ice cubes and 2 shots of tequila. Blend on high speed until the drink is icy but smooth.nRim a cocktail glass with lime juice and dip rim in salt and pour in the frozen strawberry lime drink. Garnish glass with a wedge of lime and a split strawberry. Repeat with remaining ingredients., ingredients: [2 pints ripe strawberries, 4 ripe limes, juiced, plus 1 lime wedged for rimming and garnish, 8 rounded tablespoons sugar, 12 cup orange juice, 2 trays ice cubes, 8 shots good quality tequila, Coarse salt, to rim glasses], title: Fresh Strawberry Margalrightas, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 39864: {instructions: Make the dough: Mix the yeast with 1 14 cups warm water and let it sit for 5 minutes. Then add 2 tablespoons olive oil, the raw sugar and sea salt. Whisk and set aside. In a large bowl, sift together the allpurpose and wholewheat flour. Make a well in the center of the flour and pour in the yeast mixture. Using your hands, mix in the flour until all the liquid is absorbed. Now sprinkle a clean surface with flour and knead the dough until its smooth. If the dough is too sticky, add some more flour as needed. Once its smooth, shape the dough into a ball.nCoat a large ceramic bowl with a tablespoon of olive oil. Place the dough in the ceramic bowl and flip it over a few times to lightly coat the dough with oil. Loosely cover the top of the dough with plastic wrap and completely cover the top of the ceramic bowl with a dish towel. Let it rise for 2 hours, until the dough has doubled in size. Then punch down the dough and let it rise for another hour.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: In a large bowl, hand crush the tomatoes. Add the olive oil, garlic, fresh basil, parsley, dried basil, dried oregano, chile flakes, Parmigiano, sea salt and lots of cracked pepper. Mix. Cover and let sit in the fridge for 3 hours, or overnight.nUse a fine wiremesh sieve to drain all the liquid from the tomato sauce. Roughly chop the drained tomato chunks into little pieces and set aside.nDust a clean surface with flour. Roll out the dough 18 inch thick. If the dough is too sticky, dust with more flour. Once the dough is rolled out, use a 5inchround cookie cutter to cut about 10 to 12 circles of dough. On one half of each circle, place 1 tablespoon mozzarella, 1 tablespoon of drained tomato pieces, 14 teaspoon capers and 1 chopped anchovy and sprinkle with about 1 teaspoon Romano cheese. Fold the circles over and completely seal the edges with a fork.nIn a heavy pot, heat 6 inches of vegetable oil to 350 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Deepfry the panzarotti until golden, crispy and cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Place them on paper towels to drain the excess oil.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon raw sugar, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for kneading, 1 cup wholewheat flour, 1 12 cups canned San Marzano plum tomatoes, drained, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 fresh basil leaves, torn, 14 cup flatleaf parsley, minced, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon dried Greek oregano, 14 teaspoon hot chile flakes, 1 tablespoon finely grated Parmigiano, 14 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly cracked pepper, to taste, 34 cup diced mozzarella cheese, 2 tablespoons capers, 10 canned anchovies, drained and chopped, 13 cup grated Romano cheese, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying], title: Puttanesca Panzarotti, picturelink: BBnaO68afR1biYAslFJlGalkB7sJnum}, 39865: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing:nAdd all ingredients in a bowl and mix well.nFor the salad:nPreheat grill to medium heat.nPeel husks off of corn. Remove the fine hairs along the corn. Lightly oil corn ears and place on grill and turn occasionally. Cook for 15 minutes. Cut the corn away from the cob and place into a large bowl.nSlice green beans into thirds. Cook the green beans in salted boiling water for about 3 minutes. Drain and run under cold water until cooled. Chop and mix with diced tomatoes, lima beans, bell pepper and roasted corn. Add dressing and mix well. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 cups roasted corn, about 6 ears, Vegetable oil, 1 12 pounds green beans, washed, Salt, 2 cups diced tomato, 2 cups canned lima beans, rinsed, 1 cup orange bell pepper, diced], title: Succotash Salad, picturelink: ut0kjMPV5ulzbT3EX7AO7qNKwquBIiu}, 39866: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 225 degrees F.nCombine all the spices for the rub and massage it into the meat. Place the rubbed pork in a roasting pan and pour the beer into the pan. Cover it with foil and roast for 6 hours. Check it periodically just to make sure everything is going along just fine, turning it over every 2 hours.nRemove the foil and roast until the pork has reached an internal temperature of 190 degrees F, about another 3 hours. Remove it from the oven, cover it loosely with foil, and let it rest for 30 minutes.nSometime during the marathon cook time, make the sauce. In a small saucepan combine all the ingredients and bring to a boil. Taste it to make sure it is delicious. Remove the chiles. When the sauce is cool, I recommend putting it in a squeeze bottle for easy use.nRemove the bone from the pork, it should slide right out. Using your hands with dish gloves on, or with two forks, start to pull the pork into long shreds. Get rid of the fat and anything else that doesnt look delicious.nServe the pork on burger buns with a drizzle of vinegar sauce to your liking and top with Broccoli Stem and Carrot Slaw.nCombine all the ingredients. Season with salt to make sure it is delicious. Let sit for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons pimenton, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons cayenne, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon celery salt, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 bonein 7 to 9pound Boston butt, X patterns cut in the fat cap, 1 beer, 3 cups apple cider vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 Fresno chilies, sliced in half, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 burger buns, toasted, Broccoli Stem and Carrot Slaw, recipe follows, 6 broccoli stems save the tops for something else, peeled and julienned on a mandolin, 4 carrots, peeled and julienned on a mandolin, 3 celery ribs, julienned, 1 red onion, julienned, 1 Granny Smith apple, skin on, julienned, 12 cup julienned cornichons, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped, Kosher salt], title: Pulled Pork, picturelink: Rx624ZUJ6U4HwvmsoeWm1RWsLQBwty}, 39867: {instructions: Heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a 10inch saute pan with a lid. Add the onion and celery and saute until beginning to soften, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic, cherry tomatoes and salt and cook an additional 6 minutes, until the tomatoes begin to break down. Add the radishes and saute another 2 minutes. Add the vermouth and allow it to reduce by half. Add the chicken broth and then the saffron, rubbing it between your fingers to crumble a bit. Bring to a simmer and stir in the rice and the green beans. Simmer over mediumhigh heat, uncovered, for 5 minutes without disturbing. Scatter the red peppers and peas over the top and gently press them into the rice mixture do not stir. Reduce the heat to medium, cover and simmer for 7 minutes. Uncover, raise the heat to high and cook for 3 minutes more, to make sure all the liquid is evaporated and to help develop a crust on the bottom. Remove the pan from the heat, cover and let rest for 5 minutes. Uncover, sprinkle with the smoked paprika and the parsley and serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 16 yellow cherry tomatoes, halved 1 cup, 34 teaspoon salt, 6 red radishes, quartered, 12 cup dry vermouth, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 teaspoon saffron threads, 1 cup bomba rice, or other shortgrain rice, 14 pound green beans, trimmed, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 red pepper, cut into 14inch strips, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Vegetable Paella, picturelink: ty4RDtd598IhG6P5W7nN4miPjMnRN2}, 39868: {instructions: In a large bowl combine well all ingredients except 12 cup ketchup. Grease baking loaf pan. Add mixture to pan taking care not to overwork. Cover with slices of bacon and brush with remaining ketchup. Bake at 400 degrees for 50 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes and slice. Makes great sandwiches the next day., ingredients: [2 cups fresh bread crumbs, 34 cup minced onion, 14 cup minced green pepper, 12 cup sliced mushrooms, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 pound ground chuck, 12 pound ground veal, 12 pound ground pork shoulder, 2 tablespoons grated horseradish, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 cup milk, 34 cup ketchup, 23 slices bacon], title: Family Style: Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 39869: {instructions: Mix the ground meats, ricotta, parsley, panko crumbs, onion, pecorino, bacon, garlic, milk, thyme, egg, salt, Worcestershire, and black pepper, to taste, in a large bowl. Mix until just combined dont overmix. The mixture will be pretty soft.nUsing your hands, gently form mixture into 1 tablespoon small meatballs about the size of ping pong balls. Put them on a large plate or pan cover and refrigerate at least an hour or up to 24 hours.nHeat the oil in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add about 13 the meatballs and cook, turning occasionally, until well browned on all sides, about 6 minutes. Transfer the meatballs to a plate and repeat with the remaining meatballs.nDrain off the oil and wipe out the skillet. Return the meatballs to the skillet and pour in the marinara sauce. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, cover, and simmer until the meatballs are cooked through, about 15 minutes.nServe the meatballs, skewered on a platter with a dollop of the sauce and a fresh leaf of basil. They can be serve warm or at room temperature.nThe meatballs can be stored, covered, in the refrigerator for 3 days, or frozen for up to 6 weeks., ingredients: [34 pound ground pork, 34 pound ground turkey, 4 ounces 12 cup whole milk ricotta, 13 cup minced flatleaf parsley leaves, 13 cup panko bread crumbs, 12 medium onion, grated about 12 cup, 3 tablespoons finely grated pecorino, 1 slice bacon, finely minced, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme or lemon thyme, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce about 12 teaspoon, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 cups homemade or quality jarred marinara sauce, Small fresh basil leaves], title: Italian Cocktail Meatballs with Herbs and Ricotta, picturelink: PZufw40WpTaR3cD8pQqvE1GDx03SxW6}, 39870: {instructions: Peel the jicama, including the fibrous layer just beneath the skin. Thinly slice the flesh and then cut into thin 1 inch strips. Place in a bowl. Working over a bowl to catch the juices, peel the oranges and cut between the membranes to remove the sections. Remove the seeds. Transfer the orange sections and juice to the bowl with jicama. Peel and core the pineapple, and trim out any eyes, being careful to save the juice. Cut the pineapple into 1 x 18 inch strips and add to the jicama bowl along with the juice. Add the red onion, habanero chile or cayenne pepper, lime juice and salt. Toss well and chill for 30 minutes. Serve cold., ingredients: [1 very small red onion, thinly sliced, 14 to 12 dried habanero chile, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped to a powder, or cayenne pepper to taste, 1 medium jicama, 2 oranges, 14 small pineapple, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Shake Salad, picturelink: null}, 39871: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly dredge Dover sole in seasoned flour. Heat 1 12ounces of olive oil in a medium pan until it begins to smoke. Saute sole until golden brown on each side about 1 to 2 minutes per side. Finish in oven for 4 minutes. Debone sole.nSauce: Add 2 ounces of whole butter to a small fry pan and heat until the butter gets brown. Add white wine, lemon, parsley salt and pepper. Pour over sole., ingredients: [1 fresh Dover sole, cleaned, 1 cup flour, 1 12 ounces olive oil, Salt and pepper to season flour, 2 ounces whole butter, 12ounce white wine, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Dover Sole a la Meuniere, picturelink: null}, 39872: {instructions: Place the zucchini in a medium saucepan with 1 cup water season lightly with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil and simmer, covered, over medium heat for 2 minutes. Set aside without draining.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking. Reduce the heat slightly and add the garlic and onion. Cook, stirring until the onion is translucent, about 2 minutes. Stir in the tomato and cook until its liquid is partly evaporated, about 5 minutes. Stir in the corn and poblanos and simmer 5 minutes more.nAdd the zucchini and its cooking liquid along with the evaporated milk to the cornchile mixture and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, stir in the Cheddar, and cook just until it melts. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds zucchini 5 small, scrubbed but not peeled and cut into 14inch dice, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, about 1 cup, 1 large ripe tomato, chopped, about 7 ounces, 2 cups fresh corn kernels cut form the cob, or 10ounce package frozen corn, or 16 ounce can plain corn, drained, 2 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, and finely chopped, 5ounce can evaporated skim milk, 12 pound low fat, not fat free, white Cheddar cheese, diced], title: Summer Vegetables in a Creamy Chile Cheese Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39873: {instructions: Place the water, cranberries and sugar into a small saucepan, set over mediumhigh heat and simmer until the berries begin to pop, approximately 7 minutes. Remove from the heat. Puree with a stick blender, blender or food processor, for 1 minute. Pass the mixture through a fine mesh strainer directly into a metal 13 by 9inch pan. Do not press on the skins. Simply allow the juice to drip through the strainer. Add the zest and stir to combine. Place in the freezer until set, at least 6 hours and up to overnight. Once frozen, scrape the mixture with a fork to create a shaved ice texture. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups water, 5 12 ounces cranberries, approximately 1 12 cups, washed and sorted, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon lime zest], title: Cranberry Granita, picturelink: tcWFwaVZVogqt7OIomRVb.F1eQ2g7DK}, 39874: {instructions: Trim and discard the bottom 12inch from the broccolini. Then cut the broccolini into 1inch pieces. Steam broccolini covered in small skillet in 12 inch boiling water for 3 minutes, cold shock, and drain. Combine broccolini and pasta in a bowl.nReturn pan to stove over low heat and saute shallots and garlic in oil 2 minutes. Pour warm oil over pasta and broccolini. Crumble ricotta salata over pasta. Sprinkle the pasta with thyme, salt, and pepper, and toss to combine. Adjust seasonings and garnish salad with halved grape tomatoes., ingredients: [2 bundles broccolini, 12 pound cavatappi twists pasta, cooked to al dente, 1 shallot, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, a couple of glugs, 13 to 12 pound wedge ricotta salata, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, about 2 tablespoons of leaves stripped from stems, Coarse salt and pepper, 12 pint grape tomatoes, halved], title: Pasta Salad with Ricotta Salata and Broccolini, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 39875: {instructions: Cut the beef lengthwise into thin 2inch long strips. Toss the beef with 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, the salt, and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nCut the onion into 1inch squares. Cut the tomatoes into 8 wedges. Wash the basil and pat dry. In a small bowl, combine the remaining 2 teaspoons cornstarch and 1 tablespoon water and set aside.nHeat a nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the remaining 4 teaspoons vegetable oil, the beef, garlic, and onion and stirfry for 1 minute, or until the meat browns. Continue stirring for about 2 minutes over high heat. Stir in the hoisin sauce and cornstarch mixture. As the mixture begins to thicken, after about 1 minute, add the tomatoes and basil, stir for 1 minute. Divide among plates and serve., ingredients: [10 ounces flank steak, 4 teaspoons cornstarch, divided, 5 teaspoons vegetable oil, divided, 14 teaspoon salt, Dash white pepper, 1 small white onion, 2 medium tomatoes, 12 leaves fresh basil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce], title: StirFried Beef with Tomato and Basil, picturelink: null}, 39876: {instructions: Special equipment: A pastry brushnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until it starts to brown. Add the quinces and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned in spots, about 3 minutes. Add the cranberries, granulated sugar and 14 cup water, bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is syrupy, the quinces are tender and the cranberries start to burst or you can pop them, 4 to 5 minutes more. Stir in the salt. Transfer the mixture to a metal bowl and refrigerate until cool, about 15 minutes.nDice the remaining 2 tablespoons butter into bits and fold it into the fruit. Cut the pie crusts into twelve 4inch rounds. Youll have to reroll the scraps from each crust to get enough.nFill a small bowl with water. Brush the edge of one of the pastry rounds with water. Spoon 1 heaping tablespoon about 1 14 ounces filling into the center. Fold the dough over the filling, seal by pressing the edges with a fork and place on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling, leaving a few inches between the pies. Brush the tops with a little water and sprinkle with some of the raw sugar. Use a paring knife to cut two little vents in the tops of the pies.nBake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 24 minutes, rotating the pan after 12 minutes. Place the pan on a rack and let the pies cool for 5 minutes before serving. They can also be served at room temperature., ingredients: [4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 12 ounces ripe quinces, peeled, cored and cut into 14inch cubes, 23 cup cranberries, 12 cup granulated sugar, Pinch fine salt, 2 prepared pie crusts, 2 tablespoons raw sugar, for topping], title: CranberryQuince Hand Pies, picturelink: null}, 39877: {instructions: To prepare the stuffing: Melt the butter in a saute pan over low heat. Add the onion and celery and cook for 20 minutes, or until the onion is cooked through but not brown. Set aside. Put the crackers in a large bowl, add the egg, the cooked onion and celery, the sage, roasted corn, chicken stock, salt, and pepper and mix well. To stuff and roast the pheasant: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Season the pheasant cavity with some of the salt and pepper, then put the stuffing inside. Truss with skewers or tie with butchers twine. Season the bird with the remaining salt and pepper. Lay the bacon over the breast. Place the pheasant on a metal roasting rack set inside a roasting pan and place on the middle rack of the oven. Roast for 25 minutes, basting the legs once or twice with the pan juices. After 25 minutes raise the temperature to 450 degrees and finish the bird for 10 minutes more, or until golden brown with an internal temperature of about 140 degrees near the thigh. To prepare the sauce: While the pheasant is roasting, puree the corn kernels in a food processor. You should have about 2 cups of pure. Place in a small saucepan with the habanero. Bring the juice to 200 degrees. Do not boil or the sauce will break. Add the lime juice and salt. To serve: Let the bird rest for 5 minutes before carving. Take the bacon off the breast and carve the bird, dividing the breast and thighs. Serve with the corn sauce and sauteed leeks., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 small white onion, finely diced, 1 large stalk celery, finely diced, 12 cup finely crushed plain salted crackers, such as wheat crackers, 1 large egg, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, 13 cup fresh corn kernels, roasted, 6 tablespoons chicken stock, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 fresh pheasant about 2 14 pounds, 2 to 3 strips countrystyle smoked bacon, 6 cups fresh corn kernels 6 ears, 12 habanero chile, seeds removed, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Roasted Stuffed Pheasant with Fresh Corn Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39878: {instructions: For the dough: Sprinkle the yeast over 1 12 cups warm not lukewarm water in a bowl. Let stand for a few minutes.nIn a mixer with a paddle attachment, combine the flour and salt. With the mixer running on low speed, drizzle in the olive oil and mix until combined. Next, pour in the yeastwater mixture, add the pressed garlic and mix until just combined and the dough comes together in a sticky mass. Divide the dough into 2 balls and put each one in a separate ziptop bag. Set the dough aside for 1 to 2 hours, or store in the fridge until you need it.nFor the chicken: Heat the olive oil in a heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and sear it on both sides until the skin is golden brown. Remove the chicken from the pot and pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the grease.nAdd the onions and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Pour in the barbecue sauce and return the chicken to the pot. Cover and cook over mediumlow heat until the chicken is falling off the bone, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove the chicken from the pot and set aside until cool enough to handle.nWhen cool, use 2 forks to shred the meat from the bones, discarding the skin and bones. Skim off the excess fat from the top of the sauce and reserve.nFor the slaw: While the chicken is cooking, combine the shredded cabbage and sliced jalapeno in a bowl. In a separate bowl, mix the milk, mayonnaise, sugar, vinegar, cayenne and salt. Pour the dressing over the cabbage mixture and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate.nFor the pizza: When you are ready to make the pizza, preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Oil a baking sheet or pizza pan with olive oil.nGrab one of the balls of pizza dough the recipe makes 2 crusts, so you can refrigerate or freeze the other ball of dough for another recipe and squeeze the dough toward the bottom to form a nice, tight, pulled ball. You can roll out the pizza with a rolling pin if youd like, but sometimes its just as easy to throw it around and pull and stretch until it feels right.nWhen the crust is nice and thin, lay it on the oiled baking sheet. Drizzle a little olive oil on the dough and spread it with your fingers. Very lightly sprinkle some salt on top. Spread the reserved barbecue sauce and onion mixture over the crust, then cover with the mozzarella slices followed by the shredded chicken. Bake on the bottom rack until the crust is golden brown and the toppings are bubbly, 12 to 15 minutes.nStir the cilantro into the slaw. Top the pizza with the slaw, cut into pieces and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon instant or active dry yeast, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup olive oil, 1 clove garlic, pressed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 bonein, skinon chicken thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 red onions, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, One 18ounce bottle barbecue sauce, 14 head green cabbage, thinly sliced, 14 head purple cabbage, thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno, thinly sliced, 14 cup whole milk, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon white vinegar, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, roughly chopped, Olive oil, for oiling the pan and drizzling, Kosher salt, for sprinkling, Two 8ounce balls mozzarella, sliced], title: BBQ Chicken Pizza with Spicy Slaw, picturelink: kPg2XfRWB06m4nKBx1HuvNK1Sjsq3A.}, 39879: {instructions: Place tamarind in a bowl, cover with the boiling water and let sit until softened. Press the pulp through a sieve into a bowl and discard seeds and solids.nCombine orange juice, tamarind pulp, vinegar, honey, basil and salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. Strain the mixture through a mesh strainer. Return to the blender, with the motor running, slowly add 6 tablespoons of the oil and blend until emulsified.nHeat remaining 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large nonstick saute pan over high heat. Season shrimp on both sides with salt and pepper and add to the pan. Stir in the tamarind glaze, turn the shrimp over and continue cooking until shrimp is cooked through and glazed.nSoak noodles in a large bowl of warm water until softened but not overly soft, 25 to 30 minutes. Drain well in a colander and cover with a dampened paper towel.nPlace the tamarind in a bowl and cover with the boiling water, let sit until soft, about 10 minutes. Force the mixture through a sieve including the water into a bowl, discarding seeds and fibers. Add soy sauce, brown sugar, and hot sauce to the tamarind, stirring until sugar has dissolved, set aside.nHeat the oil in a wok or a large saute pan over medium heat until hot, then fry half of the shallots over mediumlow heat, stirring frequently, until golden brown, 8 to 12 minutes. Remove the shallots with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nReheat shallot oil in wok over high heat until hot. Fry tofu in 1 layer, gently turning occasionally, until golden, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer tofu to paper towels using a slotted spoon. Transfer the frying oil to a heatproof glass and reserve.nLightly beat eggs with 14 teaspoon salt, pepper and a tablespoon of water. Heat 2 tablespoons of the shallot oil in a wok or saute pan over high heat until it shimmers. Add eggs and swirl to coat the side of the wok, then cook, stirring gently with a spatula, until cooked through. Break into chunks with spatula and transfer to a plate.nHeat wok over medium heat, add 6 tablespoons of the shallot oil, then swirl to coat side of wok. Stirfry scallions, garlic, and remaining uncooked shallots until softened, about 1 minute.nAdd noodles and stirfry over medium for about 2 minutes. Add tofu, bean sprouts, and 1 12 cups sauce and simmer, turning noodles over to absorb sauce evenly, until noodles are tender, about 2 minutes. Stir in additional sauce, if desired, then stir in the eggs. Transfer to a large shallow serving dish and top with the shrimp, crispy shallots, Thai basil, cilantro and peanuts. Serve lime wedges on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons tamarind pulp, 1 cup boiling water, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 3 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup fresh Thai basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 1 pound shrimp 2125 size, shelled and deveined, 12 ounces dried flat rice noodles 14inch wide sometimes called pad Thai or banh pho, 3 tablespoons tamarind from a pliable block, 1 cup boiling water, 12 cup light soy sauce, 14 cup packed Muscavado light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Sriracha, 1 12 cups peanut or vegetable oil, 4 large shallots, sliced crosswise into 14inch thick slices, 1 14 to 16ounce package firm tofu, rinsed, patted dry and cut into 1inch cubes, 4 large eggs, 14 teaspoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon water, 1 bunch scallions, green and pale green parts, cut into 2inch pieces, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 cups bean sprouts 14 pound, Thai basil leaves, Cilantro leaves, 12 cup roasted peanuts, coarsely chopped, Lime wedges], title: Shrimp Pad Thai, picturelink: null}, 39880: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGrits: Boil 2 cups of water in mediumsize saucepan over medium heat. Add the remaining ingredients in consecutive order while stirring slowly. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat. Slowly stir in the grits. Allow to simmer, stirring every 5 minutes until reaching the desired consistency, about 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the grits to a serving bowl and keep warm.nShrimp: Mix all of the dry ingredients thoroughly in bowl until well blended. Melt the butter or olive oil in a large grill pan over high heat. Generously coat the shrimp in the seasoning mixture. Add them to the grill pan and cook until caramelized on both sides. Remove them from the pan to a serving bowl and serve with the grits.nSuggestion: Adding cheese andor gravy with fried onions, to taste, will elevate the dish considerably., ingredients: [1 cup old fashioned grits, 2 cups boiling water, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 stick butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon garlic granules or freshly minced, 2 ounces chili powder, Pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste, 2 ounces seafood seasoning recommended: OldBay, 1ounce freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces garlic powder, 2 ounces onion powder, 1ounce ginger, 1ounce butter or olive oil, 2 pounds raw shrimp, peeled and deveined], title: Cajun Grilled Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 39881: {instructions: Discard the head, and skin and flake the trout fillets. Puree the cream cheese, sour cream, and horseradish in a mini food processor. Add the fish and pulse to a make a smooth dip. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the onion and parsley, and the lemon juice, to taste. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Serve with celery or endive leaves., ingredients: [1 boneless smoked trout, about 8 ounces, 12 cup cream cheese, softened, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon minced red onion, 1 tablespoon minced flatleaf parsley, 12 lemon, juiced, 4 ribs celery, cut into sticks, 1 endive, separated into leaves], title: Smoked Trout Dip, picturelink: null}, 39882: {instructions: For the aioli: In a small bowl, combine all the ingredients and stir well.nFor the BLT: Lay 4 slices of bread on a cutting board. Spread 1 teaspoon or so of the aioli on each slice, then top with 2 pieces bacon, 2 slices tomato, some red onion and a single piece of lettuce. Top each sandwich with another slice of bread.nSlice the club sandwiches into quarters and serve with a pickle and some potato chips., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 14 cup hot sauce recommended: Tabasco or Petes, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 clove garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 12inch pieces country style white, wheat or rye bread, lightly toasted, 8 slices good quality thickcut bacon, cooked and cut in half, 3 large tomatoes, thinly sliced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 head Boston Bibb lettuce, leaves separated, washed and rinsed well, Pickles and potato chips, for serving], title: BLT with Blue Buffalo Aioli, picturelink: hhB44y.ckVR1tcPfj2qHGbic8oBd.EO}, 39883: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor, place all ingredients except the butter and water. Pulse 5 times. Add the butter and pulse again until the butter pieces are the size of BBs. Add the water, 1 tablespoon at a time, and pulse just until the dough holds together. If the dough is still crumbly, add more water, 1 teaspoon at a time, until it reaches the right consistency.nTurn the dough out onto a large piece of waxed paper. Roll the dough into a log, 9 to 10 inches long, and square off the ends. Refrigerate, well wrapped, for at least 2 hours and up to 2 days. Or freeze it for up to 1 month. You may want to cut the log in half or in thirds to freeze if you think you will want to defrost a smaller amount at a time.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTo make the crackers, cut the log into 14inchthick slices. Arrange the slices on a baking sheet 1inch apart. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the crackers are a light golden color. Turn the crackers and bake for 3 to 5 more minutes, or until they are golden around the edges. Cool on a rack. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [4 ounces cheddar, coarsely grated, 2 ounces Parmesan, finely grated, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, softened and cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons water, plus more if needed], title: CheddarParmesan Crackers, picturelink: jmfcpeAEfppogi8FpDSDpYk9jIDBZy}, 39884: {instructions: Set a coffee filter basket, lined with a filter, in a strainer, over a bowl. Pour the cream almost to the top of the filter. Refrigerate for 2 hours. The whey will sink to the bottom passing through the filter leaving a ring of clotted cream. Scrape this down with a rubber spatula and repeat every couple of hours until the mass reaches the consistency of soft cream cheese., ingredients: [2 cups pasteurized not ultrapasteurized cream], title: Clotted Cream, picturelink: null}, 39885: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat a large ovenproof skillet with 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, over mediumhigh heat. Add the celery, carrots, onions, garlic, chile pepper, salt, pepper, and thyme and saute to soften the vegetables, 10 to12 minutes, then deglaze the pan with the beer or stock.nStir together the brown sugar, tomato sauce, hot sauce, Worcestershire, and vinegar in a bowl and pour into the skillet and stir to combine. Mix in the chicken pieces, using tongs and cool and store for makeahead meal.nReheat over medium heat just to warm up while you mix together the cornbread topper or, to serve immediately, keep warm on low while you mix the cornbread batter, then transfer to oven and bake until top is deep golden brown.nCooks Note: The filling may be transferred to a casserole if your skillet cannot transfer to the oven.nFor the topping: Follow package directions for cornbread batter, then stir in the blue cheese and scallions, pour over the chicken filling in an even layer and bake to golden brown and firm to the touch, about 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 small ribs celery, chopped, 2 large carrots, peeled and chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped or grated, 1 Fresno or Holland chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, 1 12ounce bottle lager beer or 1 12 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 14ounce can tomato sauce, 14 to 13 cup hot sauce, depending on desired heat level medium to spicy, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 4 pieces poached chicken breast, meat pulled or chopped, 2 8.5ounce boxes corn muffin mix, made to package directions recommended: Jiffy, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese, 4 scallions, whites and greens, finely chopped], title: Buffalo BBQ Pulled Chicken with Blue Cheese Cornbread Topper, picturelink: gB1o84wQzSBXjrvavrxv0SDOJ3hpfq}, 39886: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nTo a large pot, add the olive oil and saute the onions until browned. Add the scallions, dill, nutmeg, black pepper and salt.nBoil the chopped spinach until blanched and still bright green, stirring occasionally. Mix it together with the ingredients in the pot. Add the crumbled feta cheese and the eggs, making sure that the mixture is slightly cool so the eggs dont scramble. Mix well.nBrush 1 pound of the phyllo dough with melted butter, piece by piece, layering in a large enough tray to fit the phyllo sheets. Then add the spinach mixture on top and, piece by piece, layer and brush the rest of the phyllo on top. Mark the pieces with a knife and make sure the ends are tucked in, then sprinkle with a little water.nBake for 45 minutes, or until golden brown., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 yellow onions, diced, 5 bunches scallions, chopped, 1 cup chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 pounds spinach, chopped, 4 pounds feta cheese, crumbled, 7 large eggs, 2 pounds phyllo dough, 2 pounds butter, melted], title: Spinach Pie, picturelink: null}, 39887: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 12 cups red peppers, the green peppers, onion, cumin, and cayenne pepper. Cook until the vegetables are tender, but still firm, about 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool.nIn a medium bowl, mix the lobster meat, cheese, jalapenos, salt, and cooled pepper mixture. Divide the mixture into 6 portions. Sandwich each portion between 2 tortillas, spreading the lobster mixture evenly.nHeat a grill or large skillet over medium heat and film the bottom with some of the butter. Place as many quesadillas as will fit without touching, and cook each side until the tortillas are golden brown and the cheese has melted, about 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining butter and quesadillas.nCut quesadillas into wedges. Place the quesadillas on plates and garnish with remaining red pepper, the green onion, sour cream, and a pineapple top. Serve immediately with Tropical Fruit Salsa.nTropical Fruit Salsa:n1 cup diced mangon1 cup diced papayan1 cup diced pineapplen3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leavesn14 cup diced red onionn14 cup diced red peppern14 cup honeyn2 tablespoons lime juicenIn a medium bowl, combine all ingredients and mix well. Refrigerate for 45 minutes to 1 hour before serving.nYield: about 3 cups, ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 cups diced red pepper, plus 1 cup for garnish, 1 12 cups diced green pepper, 1 cup diced red onion, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 ounces roughly chopped fresh cooked lobster meat, 3 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 4 ounces chopped jalapenos, without seeds, or to taste, Kosher salt, 12 6inch flour tortillas, 4 ounces clarified butter, 1 cup sliced green onion, for garnish, 8 tablespoons sour cream, for garnish, 6 pineapple tops, for garnish, Tropical Fruit Salsa, recipe follows], title: Lobster Quesadilla with Tropical Fruit Salsa, picturelink: z.ACaNkS1DilI1tpt6BggjwgXCftxZS}, 39888: {instructions: Make the lamb a day in advance: Make several incisions in the shanks with a paring knife and slide a slice of garlic into each slit. Place the shanks in a large baking dish, drizzle with the lemon juice, turning to coat, and season with salt and pepper on all sides. Mix the parsley, thyme and marjoram in a small bowl, then rub the herbs over the lamb. Cover and set aside at room temperature for 1 hour. After 30 minutes, place a Dutch oven or covered ovenproof pot in the oven and preheat to 500 degrees for at least 30 minutes.nTransfer the shanks to a plate and drizzle with the melted butter reserve the marinade. Carefully remove the preheated pot from the oven. Working quickly, add the shanks, making sure at least one side of each touches the hot pot. Return the pot to the oven, uncovered, and place the lid on another oven rack to keep it hot. Roast the shanks for 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring the reserved marinade and 12 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Pour the hot marinade over the shanks, then place a large sheet of heavyduty foil over the pot and cover with the hot lid. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees and roast 45 minutes, then reduce the temperature to 200 degrees and cook 30 more minutes. Turn off the oven and leave the lamb inside, undisturbed, to finish cooking, 20 minutes.nRemove the lamb from the cooking liquid and place in a shallow baking dish. Refrigerate the meat and the sauce separately overnight.nWhen ready to serve, position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Drizzle the shallots with olive oil in a small baking dish and season with salt and pepper. Cover the lamb loosely with foil. Bake the lamb and shallots for 25 to 30 minutes, uncovering the lamb and brushing lightly with melted butter after 15 minutes. Meanwhile, discard the fat from the chilled sauce and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Drizzle the finished lamb and shallots with the sauce and garnish with parsley.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 lamb shanks about 1 14 pounds each, excess fat trimmed, 5 cloves garlic, sliced, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons dried marjoram, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus more for brushing, 12 shallots, unpeeled, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Roasted Lamb Shanks with Lemon and Herbs, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 39889: {instructions: Preparing the mojo de ajo: Either chop the garlic with a sharp knife into 18inch bits or drop the cloves through the feed tube of a food processor with the motor running and process until the pieces are roughly 18 inch in size. You should have about 12 cup chopped garlic. Scoop into a small 1quart saucepan, measure in the oil you need it all for even cooking and 12 teaspoon salt and set over mediumlow heat. Stir occasionally as the mixture comes barely to a simmer there should be just a hint of movement on the surface of the oil. Adjust the heat to the very lowest possible setting to keep the mixture at that very gentle simmer bubbles will rise in the pot like sparkling mineral water and cook, stirring occasionally, until the garlic is a soft, pale golden the color of light brown sugar, about 30 minutes. The slower the cooking, the sweeter the garlic.nAdd the lime juice to the pan and simmer until most of the juice has evaporated or been absorbed into the garlic, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chiles, then taste the mojo de ajo and add a little more salt if you think it needs it. Keep the pan over low heat,so the garlic will be warm when the shrimp are ready. Scoop the lime wedges into a serving bowl and set on the table.nThe shrimp: Devein the shrimp if you wish: One by one, lay the shrimp on your work surface, make a shallow incision down the back and pull or scrape out the dark usually intestinal tract.nSet a large 12inch heavy skillet preferably nonstick over mediumhigh heat and spoon in 1 12 tablespoons of the oil but not any garlic from the mojo. Add half of the shrimp to the skillet, sprinkle generously with salt and stir gently and continuously until the shrimp are just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in half the cilantro or parsley, if youre using it. Scoop the shrimp onto a deep serving platter. Repeat with another 1 12 tablespoons of garlicky oil and the remaining shrimp.nWhen all of the shrimp are cooked, use a slotted spoon to scoop out the warm bits of garlic and chiles from the mojo pan, and scatter them over the shrimp. You may have as much as 13 cup of the oil left over, for which youll be gratefulits wonderful for sauteing practically anything. If youre a garlic lover, youre about to have the treat of your life, served with the lime wedges to add sparkle., ingredients: [34 cup peeled garlic cloves about 2 large heads, 1 cup goodquality oil, preferably extravirgin olive oil, Salt, Juice of 1 lime, 2 canned chipotle chiles en adobo, seeded and cut into thin strips, 2 limes, cut into wedges, 2 pounds about 48 mediumlarge shrimp, peeled leaving the last joint and tail intact if you wish, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro or flatleaf parsley optional], title: QuickFried Shrimp with Sweet Toasty Garlic Camarones al Mojo de Ajo, picturelink: null}, 39890: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the oil over high heat. Add the mushrooms. Do not move the mushrooms until they have caramelized on the bottom. If you toss them too soon, they will release their liquid and begin to steam. When the bottoms are caramelized, toss them and continue to cook for about 5 minutes.nAdd the butter. Cook and toss for 5 minutes, until beautifully browned.nSeason with salt and add the garlic. Saute another 2 minutes, and add the thyme, lemon juice, and white wine. Cook to evaporate the liquid.nToss in the parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds whole small button mushrooms, wiped clean, 3 tablespoons butter, Gray sea salt, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves], title: Michaels Best Button Mushrooms, picturelink: vsi26CCNtKGt7FfnQ1UboW7qAM.xVoa}, 39891: {instructions: Put all ingredients except olive oil in food processor and pulse until thoroughly pureed. Add olive oil and pulse until incorporated., ingredients: [2 cups Spanish green olives, 2 tablespoons capers, 7 fresh Spanish marinated anchovy fillets, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon finely chopped parsley, 12 cup olive oil], title: Green Olive Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 39892: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Heat the cumin seeds, coriander seeds and 12 cup olive oil in a small skillet over mediumlow heat until the seeds are toasted, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a liquid measuring cup. Transfer 3 tablespoons of the spiced oil and about half of the seeds to a small bowl reserve for topping.nPut the bread cubes in a bowl, cover with water and let soak 2 minutes. Drain, squeeze dry and set aside.nMince the garlic, then sprinkle with a pinch of salt and mash it into a paste with the flat side of a knife.nToss the tomatoes in a bowl with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and grill until charred, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer half each of the charred tomatoes, bread, garlic paste, sugar and vinegar to a blender add 14 teaspoon salt and puree until smooth. With the motor running, add about half of the spiced oil from the measuring cup. Pour the mixture through a finemesh sieve into a bowl. Blend the remaining tomatoes, bread, garlic paste, sugar and vinegar with the other half of the spiced oil and 14 teaspoon salt, then strain into the bowl. Chill the soup at least 2 hours.nDice the cucumber and bell pepper. Season the soup with salt and pepper. Ladle into bowls drizzle with the reserved spiced oil and top with the diced vegetables.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon coriander seeds, lightly crushed, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup crustless white bread cubes, 1 large clove garlic, Kosher salt, 3 14 pounds tomatoes, halved, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 Kirby cucumber, 1 green bell pepper, Freshly ground pepper], title: Charred Tomato Gazpacho, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 39893: {instructions: Preheat grill to high heat.nRemove the ribs from the collard greens and discard. Put the leaves into the boiling, water, then add the bacon slices and blanch the collard greens for about 2 minutes. Remove the leaves from the water and place into an ice water bath to stop the cooking process.nRemove the collards from the ice water and stack the leaves flat on top of each other, about 7 to 9 at a time. Put the stacked collards on the grill for 4 minutes per side.nTransfer the leaves from the grill to a cutting board and roughly chop. Put into a serving bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [Salt, 1 bunch collard greens, 2 to 3 slices bacon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Bring a large pot of salted water, over medium heat, to a boil.], title: Grilled Collard Greens, picturelink: null}, 39894: {instructions: Combine the pork with the sesame oil, soy, and cornstarch. Let stand for 30 minutes. In a hot stockpot, add oil and sear the pork, stirring quickly then set aside. Add the chiles and ginger, and stir. Add the stock, sugar, bamboo and wood ear and bring to a boil. Season. While boiling, drizzle in the egg to form ribbons. Add the cornstarch and stir constantly to thicken. Add vinegar, soy, sesame oil, scallions and cilantro including the pork and check for seasoning. I love my soup tart and spicy so more vinegar and white pepper can be added. Add Tofu Fritters to each bowl of soup and serve.nPreheat a fryer to 400 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the tofu, yolks, scallions, sesame oil, ginger, and sausage. Season and fold into egg whites. Using 2 spoons, make quenelles and gently place in a dish of rice flour and coat using your hands. Place in deep fryer and fry to golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season, place in soup, and immediately serve., ingredients: [12 pound pork shoulder, julienned, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 teaspoon thin soy sauce, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, Peanut oil, to cook, 4 dried chiles, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 8 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup bamboo shoots, julienne buy whole shoots and soak in water for 30 minutes, then cut, 12 cup dried wood ear, rehydrated and julienned definitely fresh if available, 2 eggs lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, mixed with cold water to form a paste, 14 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and white pepper, Tofu Fritter, recipe follows, 1 pound silken tofu, 3 eggs, separated, whites beaten to stiff peaks, 2 tablespoons sliced scallions, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 tablespoons minced lap chong Chinese sausage, Salt and white pepper, Rice flour, to coat], title: Traditional SzechuanStyle Hot and Sour Soup with Tofu Fritter, picturelink: null}, 39895: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease a large baking sheet lightly with butter or cooking spray.nFry or bake slivered almonds until a light golden brown.nBeat butter in blender or with a hand mixer on high for 20 to 30 minutes until white, light and creamy. Add the egg and yolks one at a time mixing well to incorporate.nAdd 1 cup powdered sugar, vanilla, optional gum powder, rose water, ouzo and then almonds.nNext sift together baking powder and flour. Slowly add to mixture,nThe final dough should be soft and easy to work with. So now form them into small balls  about a fistfull. Form like dumplings and imprint thumb on all sides of the cookie.nBake for 10 to 20 minutes until light golden brown. Immediately splash with hand a mixture of 14 cup water and 12 cup rose water.nFinally, place cookies on a serving tray and use a sifter to sprinkle powdered sugar on cookies until coated.nThen say, Hopa and enjoy with friends and family, ingredients: [1 cup slivered almonds, 1 12 pounds fitini butter or 6 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, Optional: 12 teaspoon ground gum powder from Hios Island in Greece, 14 cup rose water, 14 cup ouzo, 1 large egg, 2 egg yolks, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 4 pounds allpurpose flour, 2 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup water, 12 cup rose water], title: Kourabiedes: Greek Festive Cookies, picturelink: null}, 39896: {instructions: In a nonreactive saucepan, combine 4 cups of water with the sugar, cinnamon, and anise seeds. Bring slowly to a boil over medium heat, stirring to melt the sugar. Stir in the coffee, remove from the heat, cover and allow to steep for 5 minutes. In a small saucepan, heat the milk over mediumhigh heat and whisk until frothy. Do not leave unattended. Strain the coffee through a fine sieve into small cups and serve immediately, with the frothed milk on the side., ingredients: [6 to 7 ounces piloncillo Mexican cones of raw sugar, or 1 cup packed dark brown sugar and 2 teaspoons molasses, 2 cinnamon sticks, 12 teaspoon anise seeds, 1 cup 3 ounces Vienneseroast coffee, medium to coarse grind, 2 cups lowfat milk], title: Cafe de Olla, picturelink: null}, 39897: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs. Whisk in the sugar, salt, and vanilla. Gradually whisk in the halfandhalf and the buttermilk. Pour the mixture into a shallow baking dish. Working in batches, if necessary, place the bread in the dish and let soak, then turn and soak on the other side.nCook the soaked bread on a grill or buttered griddle until golden brown, then turn and repeat on the other side.nMeanwhile, prepare the grapefruit sections.nIn a saute pan, add the maple syrup and bring to a boil. Place the grapefruit sections in the hot syrup and cook on 1 side for 30 seconds, then flip them over to cook and warm through on the other side. Pour the grapefruit and syrup over the French toast then top with dollops of mascarpone., ingredients: [3 eggs, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 pinch salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup buttermilk, 8 thick slices Brioche or bakery challah, or another soft yellow bread, 1 pink grapefruit, sectioned, 12 cup maple syrup, 12 cup mascarpone], title: Grilled Pain Perdu, picturelink: j5dIHTCsjZIJB91dKhmp0HKvQ9ewu}, 39898: {instructions: Peel the garlic cloves, cut in half lengthwise, and remove the central greenish core. Put in a small pan of salted water and bring to a boil. Drain and repeat twice to remove the garlics heat and leave only the sweetness behind.nHeat the olive oil in a large, heavy pot over medium heat until hot. Add the onion, leek, celery, bay leaf, and a little salt to draw the water out of the onion. Cover and cook until the vegetables are soft but not brown, about 10 minutes. Add the potatoes. Add the blanched garlic and stock. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook until the vegetables are very tender, about 15 minutes.nRemove soup from the heat and cool to room temperature. Place cooled pot with soup in refrigerator to chill. Day of party reheat soup over medium heat. Add the oregano, spinach, and cream and cook 1 minute to wilt the spinach. Transfer to blender and carefully blend until smooth see note below.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [2 cups garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup diced onion 14inch dice, 1 cup finely chopped leek, white part only, 12 cup diced celery 14inch dice, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon grey salt, 1 cup diced, peeled, russet potatoes, Freshly ground pepper, 4 to 5 cups chicken stock or canned low salt chicken broth, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 4 cups roughly chopped spinach leaves, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Poached Garlic Soup, picturelink: RQU2N0dBtm9yefyMDfZl6ukj3AIFsUq}, 39899: {instructions: Scoop gelato into ice cream soda glasses. Pour soda over gelato. Garnish with berries and mint., ingredients: [1 pint each raspberry and lemon gelato, 1 liter bottle LemonLime flavored sparkling water, Raspberries, for garnish, Mint], title: Gelato Soda, picturelink: null}}