{39900: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the basic hot chocolate, combine the milk with the halfandhalf in a small saucepan. Warm over mediumlow heat, and then stir in the chocolate chips. Stir until melted though there will still be lovely particles of chocolate throughout. If its too chocolaty for you, splash in a little more milk. Add a splash of vanilla extract. If its not quite sweet enough for you, add 1 teaspoon or so of sugar. Serve in mugs with whipped cream., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup good semisweet chocolate chips, Splash vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon sugar, optional, Whipped cream, to serve], title: Delicious Hot Chocolate, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 39901: {instructions: Make the stew base. Heat a large stew pot or Dutch oven over medium heat with the olive oil. Add the onions and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, season with salt and pepper to taste, and cook 2 minutes more. Stir in the tomato paste and cook for 1 minute. Add the wine, and use a wooden spoon to scrape up any browned bits in the pot. Simmer the wine until reduced by about half. Add the tomatoes, peppers, parsley, thyme, and bay leaf and cook for 5 minutes. Add the stock or broths bring to a boil, then adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Cook the base, with a cover slightly ajar, for 30 minutes. The base may be prepared ahead up to this point, refrigerated for 1 day or frozen for 1 month.nFinish the Cioppino. Bring the base to a simmer. Add the basil and the clams, and cook covered, over high heat, for 5 minutes, or just until the clams open. Add the crab and cook for 1 minute. Add the mussels, shrimp, squid, and scallops. Cook, stirring frequently, until the mussels open, the shrimp curl, and squid and scallops are just firm, about 3 minutes. Serve in large heated bowls with plenty of crusty bread., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups sliced onion, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 12 pounds vineripened tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 1 red bell pepper, trimmed, seeded, and diced, 2 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 bay leaf, 3 cups fish stock or 1 cup bottled clam broth mixed with 2 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 14 cup julienned fresh basil leaves, 12 little neck clams, 1 cooked Dungeness crab, chopped into large pieces, or 2 Alaskan king crab claws, cracked and quartered, 12 mussels, 1 pound large shrimp, butterflied in the shell, and deveined, 12 pound cleaned squid, cut into rings, and tentacles halved, 12 pound sea scallops, trimmed, or firmfleshed fish, like halibut, cut into 1inch cubes, Serving suggestion: hot crusty sourdough bread], title: San Francisco Cioppino, picturelink: null}, 39902: {instructions: For the White Bean Puree: Soak the beans overnight. Or place beans in a pot, cover with cold water and bring to a boil over high heat remove from heat and set aside, covered, for 1 hour. Drain the beans transfer to a 2quart pot with the diced onion, smashed garlic, bay leaf, thyme sprigs, 5 cups of stock, and salt and pepper, to taste. Bring to a boil. Lower the heat simmer until beans are very tender and are breaking apart, about 2 hours. If the mixture becomes dry, add some of the remaining stock. Drain the beans discard the thyme sprigs and bay leaf. Puree the beans in a food processor, adding a few drops of oil. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper, to taste, along with the lemon juice, white vinegar, and walnut oil, if desired. Reserve.nFor the Olive Tapenade: In a food processor or mortar, combine the olives, capers, lemon zest, garlic, parsley, and salt and pepper, to taste. Slowly add the oil and pulse or work with the pestle into a coarse paste, retaining some bits of olive and caper for texture. Taste to adjust the seasonings. Reserve.nSandwich Assembly: Smear with white bean puree on 4 pieces of potato bread. Arrange sliced tuna on top. Drizzle tapenade over tuna. Add sliced tomatoes, sliced egg and dressed French green beans. Top with greens and toasted bread. Garnish with basil and arugula., ingredients: [1 12 cups dry great Northern beans, 1 onion, cut into 14inch dice, 2 cloves garlic 1 smashed and 1 minced, 1 bay leaf, 2 sprigs fresh thyme plus 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, 6 cups chicken stock or water, divided, Coarse salt and coarsely ground black pepper, Few drops extravirgin olive oil, Few drops lemon juice, optional, Few drops white balsamic vinegar, optional, Walnut oil, optional, 1 12 cups pitted kalamata olives, 3 tablespoons capers, drained, 2 teaspoons finely minced lemon zest, 2 garlic cloves, finely minced, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 slices potato bread, toasted, 12 cup White Bean Puree, 34 pound ahi tuna, seared, 12 cup Olive Tapenade, 12 marinated tomatoes, sliced, 4 hard boiled eggs, sliced, 1 cup French green beans, 1 cup greens, 14 cup micro basil, 14 cup micro arugula], title: Tuna Nicoise Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 39903: {instructions: In a medium skillet over medium heat, melt the butter and then add the lobster meat and saute until tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add sherry, and stir to deglaze the pan, carefully scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the heavy cream and heat until it just reaches boiling. Remove from the pan and place in an individualsize casserole dish for serving. Serve hot with the toast points., ingredients: [1 tablespoon garlic herb butter, Meat from 1 1 12 pound fresh Maine lobster, Splash sherry, for deglazing pan, 12 cup heavy cream, Serving suggestion: Toast points], title: Lazy Mans Lobster, picturelink: 3ENo21eejvN1rr1N6lJfWKGNXyU1Uq}, 39904: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 ring mold, 3 inches in diameter, 1 12 inches deepnPlace ring mold in the center of a chilled 12inch dinner plate. Make a circle of overlapping cucumbers around each mold.nPut tuna in a mixing bowl and add 8 tablespoons of vinaigrette, scallions, and Shiso. Mix to combine. Season with salt and freshly ground white pepper, to taste. Spoon tartare into mold, pressing lightly. Stand 3 croutons into tuna and top with a little herb salad. Carefully lift ring mold up and off the plate. Serve with extra croutons on the side.nPut all ingredients in a medium bowl and whisk to combine. Taste to check acidity, and balance with more oil or lemon juice, as needed. Set aside until ready to use.nWash and dry all of the greens and herbs. Pick the leaves off the chervil, parsley and cilantro and put in a large bowl. Cut chives into 1inch batons and add to bowl. Pick through frisee and add to bowl with micro greens. Toss gently. Refrigerate until ready to serve, and then toss with 3 tablespoons vinaigrette.nYield: 2 cups herb saladnPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nCut baguette on severe bias to create 14inch elliptical slices. Put bread slices on a baking sheet and lightly toast. Remove from heat and then drizzle with olive oil. Set aside until ready to assemble.nYield: 18 croutons, ingredients: [1 Japanese or cello cucumber, fluted and thinly sliced in 18inch rounds, 1 pound sushi grade yellowfin tuna, blue fin or big eye tuna, cut into 14inch dice, Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 13 cup thinly sliced scallions, white part only, 3 Shiso leaves, cut into chiffonade, Coarse salt, Freshly ground white pepper, Herb Salad, recipe follows, Croutons, recipe follows, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon grape seed oil or canola oil, 3 tablespoons ginger juice grate 4 ounces ginger and squeeze out the juice, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 5 tablespoons lime juice, 1 shallot, finely minced, 14 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 1 bunch chervil, 12 bunch flatleaf parsley, 12 bunch cilantro, 1 bunch chives, 1 small head baby frisee lettuce, 12 cup micro greens, optional, 1 thin baguette, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Alfred Portales Tuna Tartare with Herb Salad, Cucumber, Lime, Scallion and Ginger, picturelink: null}, 39905: {instructions: Prepare rigatoni according to directions on box. Remove sausage meat from casing, set aside. In hot skillet saute onions. Add pepper and crumbled sausage meat. Stir and cook over medium high heat for 5 minutes. Add garlic and red pepper flakes. Add chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Add florets and cover to steam. Once broccoli is tender add rigatoni to pan. Stir to coat. Serve., ingredients: [8 ounces rigatoni, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound turkey sausage, Red pepper flakes, to taste, 1 onion, chopped, 34 cups chicken stock, 12 red pepper, sliced, 1 12 cups broccoli florets], title: Turkey Sausage and Broccoli Pasta, picturelink: 4yVku3elv5UBDnvale6eM6DTowUlexy}, 39906: {instructions: Heat a castiron or nonstick skillet over medium heat and add 3 tablespoons vegetable oil. Saute the onions and bell peppers to desired doneness and season with salt and pepper. Remove to a plate. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons vegetable oil to the skillet and saute the beef quickly on both sides. Season with salt and pepper, or steak seasoning if desired. Stuff each roll with the beef, onions and peppers, and top with the cheese., ingredients: [6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, sliced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced, Salt and pepper, 720 grams about 1 12 pounds beef rib eye, thinly sliced, Steak seasoning, optional, 4 crusty Italian rolls, split, White American cheese or cheese sauce, such as Cheez Whiz], title: Philly Cheese Steak, picturelink: null}, 39907: {instructions: Preheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nRemove sausage from casing and combine with the beef. Portion to 2 ounces each and shape to small patty. Season with salt and pepper.nOil peppers and grill to charred. Place in plastic bag to steam off skin. When cool, scrape off skin, remove seed and cut into thin strips, set aside.nCut onion and tomatoes in half. Brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill to soft and charred, cool slightly. Puree in a blender. Thin with olive oil and adjust seasoning, set aside.nGrill burgers, when almost completely cooked place 1 tablespoon red pepper strips on top, top with 1 tablespoon tomato sauce, a half slice of provolone cheese and cook until cheese is melted.nBrush bun with olive oil, toast rolls on grill. Once toasted, rub with garlic clove. Put burger on rolls and serve., ingredients: [1 pound Italian sausage, 1 pound ground beef, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, as needed, 2 red peppers, 2 medium sweet onions, 2 ripe tomatoes, 8 slices provolone cheese, 16 mini Italian rolls, Garlic clove, cut in 12], title: Mini Blitz Burgers, picturelink: null}, 39908: {instructions: To prepare the tartar sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, garlic, scallion, chipotle, and lime juice in a small bowl and mix well. Add salt, to taste. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 week.nTo prepare the tacos: Put the fish in a large bowl. Place the garlic cloves on a cutting board. Slice the cloves in half lengthwise and then smash with the side of a chefs knife. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon of salt over the garlic and chop and smear the garlic against the cutting board until it makes a paste. Add the garlic paste to the bowl of fish. Add the Worcestershire sauce and 12 teaspoon pepper turning the fish to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 20 minutes or up to 4 hours.nPlace the flour in a shallow dish and toss the fish pieces in it a few at a time, until theyre all evenly coated. Shake off the excess flour.nHeat 2inches of oil to 375 degrees F in a heavy skillet or deep pot over mediumhigh heat. Carefully add a few pieces of the fish at a time and fry until golden brown all over, about 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain. Season with salt and pepper while they are still hot. Allow the frying oil to return to temperature and continue to fry the fish in batches until finished.nWrap the tortillas in a damp kitchen towel and place in the microwave. Microwave on full power for 30 seconds until they are soft and pliable. Keep warm.nTo serve: Spread a dollop of the chipotle tartar sauce onto a warmed tortilla. Add a few strips of cucumber and top with 3 or 4 pieces of fish. Cover with a few arugula leaves, cilantro leaves, avocado, and a little orange zest. Serve with more tartar sauce on the side and lime wedges., ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 scallion, white and light green parts only, sliced, 1 to 2 chipotles in adobo, seeds removed and finely chopped, 12 lime, juiced, Salt, 2 pounds skinless Pacific cod or other firm, flaky white fish, cut into 1inch chunks, 4 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, plus additional for seasoning, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, for frying, Salt, 8 8inch flour tortillas, 1 cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded, halved crosswise and sliced into 12inch thick strips, for serving, 2 cups arugula, stems removed, for serving, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, 1 ripe Hass avocado, halved, pitted, peeled, and sliced, for serving, 2 oranges, zested, for serving, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Chicharrones Fish Tacos with Chipotle Tartar Sauce, picturelink: TjHr4X1ctQ.k4OS.5CzG0hnD1P0LHhu}, 39909: {instructions: Cover flank steak on one side with the pickled jalapenos, then turn over let sit at room temperature, covered for 1 hour.nPreheat the grill or broiler.nSeason both sides of the steak with salt and pepper and place on a hot grill or under the broiler. Cook the steak for 5 to 6 minutes on each side for medium rare, and then chop into 14inch pieces.nHeat a small saute pan and add 1 tablespoon canola oil. Warm corn tortillas for 30 seconds on each side, adding more oil as necessary. Stack 2 tortillas together, place the meat in the center of the tortillas and top with the onion and cilantro. Drizzle a teaspoon of the salsa de arbol on top of each taco., ingredients: [1 flank steak, trimmed of excess fat, 1 cup pickled jalapenos, including the carrots and onions that come in the jar, Salt and pepper, 8 corn tortillas, 14 cup white onion, coarsely chopped, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons salsa de arbol, 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus more, as needed], title: Beef Tacos: Tacos de Carne Asada, picturelink: qbasS7vhRNudxbnkAW7uqtXrol0W}, 39910: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large castiron skillet over high heat. Add the red onions and saute until beginning to brown, 1 minute. Add the butter when almost all melted, add the potatoes, salt, oregano, coriander, cumin and pepper. Toss the potatoes to coat with fat and spices, then let them cook, pressing occasionally with a spatula, until very dark and crispy on the bottom, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the mustard, vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to make a thick dressing. Taste and add honey or salt and pepper as needed.nWhen the potatoes have developed a nice dark crust, use the spatula to turn them over in chunks, pressing them again into the bottom of the pan to toast slightly. Scatter the scallions and cilantro on top and toss a bit to combine. Drizzle with some of the dressing. Transfer the hash browns to a serving platter. Serve with the remaining dressing on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 red onion, finely diced, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 5 russet potatoes, peeled, parboiled, and diced, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus for the vinaigrette, 2 teaspoons dried Mexican oregano, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus for the vinaigrette, 3 tablespoons wholegrain Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 to 2 teaspoons honey, 34 cup olive oil, 4 scallions, chopped on the diagonal, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Spiced Mustard Hash Browns, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 39911: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Syringe and applewood chips soaked for 1 hournIn a large bowl, whisk together all the ingredients for the marinade.nPut the pork into a casserole dish. Fill a syringe with the marinade and inject 34 of the way into the pork. Inject the meat in several places with the marinade. Pour the remaining marinade over the meat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 to 12 hours, so flavors can permeate.nPreheat a grill to 275 degrees F, using indirect heat and applewood soaked chips.nDrain off excess liquid from the meat and pat dry with a towel. Season the pork with Neelys Dry Rub seasoning, to taste, making sure you cover the sides. Arrange on the grill with the fat side facing up. Grill until the meat is tender, about 6 hours. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 cups apple cider, 2 tablespoons Neelys Dry Rub Seasoning, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup orange juice, 12 cup lemon juice, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 6 to 8pound pork butt], title: Apple Injected Smoked Pork, picturelink: Noj026pdzeKl8n6G58HlW7Cv8ATOiZ6}, 39912: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook green beans 5 minutes in 1inch boiling water, covered. Drain beans and return pan to heat.nAdd oil and butter pat to the pan. Toss beans in oil and melted butter. Season beans with a little salt and transfer to a serving plate.nGarnish green beans with toasted slivered or sliced almonds., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh green beans, trimmed, 1 tablespoon 1 turn around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt, Toasted slivered or sliced almonds, for garnish], title: Green Beans with Toasted Almonds, picturelink: CLAqCXrF8kUGWUqjY8kdJpXLFxc42fu}, 39913: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the giant Yorkshire puddings: In a large mixing bowl, whisk the eggs lightly. Add the flour and salt and whisk to create a paste. Add onethird of the milk and whisk until completely incorporated. Add another third and incorporate fully. Add the remaining third and incorporate completely. The batter should resemble heavy cream in consistency. Add more milk if required. Cover the mixture with plastic wrap and allow to rest in the fridge for at least 30 minutes or up to overnight. Preheat the oven to its highest setting but no more than 500 degrees F. Put six 6inch empty round cake pans on a sheet tray and into the hot oven and allow them to heat through for 15 minutes. Working quickly to avoid the pans losing heat, pull them from the oven, split the oil evenly between the 6 pans and return them to the oven for another 15 minutes. Remove the batter from the fridge and stir gently if the mixture has separated. Working extremely quickly to retain the heat in the oiled pans, split the batter mixture evenly among the 6 pans and return them quickly to the oven. Bake until puffed up and golden brown, about 25 minutes. Dont be tempted to sneak a peek for at least 22 minutes, as partially risen puddings will collapse and be ruined. When ready, remove the pans from the oven and allow the puddings to cool slightly to set for a couple of minutes before removing. Serve immediately.nMeanwhile, for the mashed potatoes: Peel and dice the russet potatoes into equal pieces about 1inch square. Put the potatoes into a large pot, cover with cold salted water and bring to a boil on high heat. Once boiling, reduce the heat to a simmer. In a separate pot, gently heat the halfandhalf, butter, and some salt and pepper until warmed through. Once the potatoes are tender, drain in a colander, return to the large pot and add the halfandhalf mixture. Mash with a potato masher until smooth. Taste for seasoning and adjust the consistency, using more halfandhalf if necessary. They should be loose without being runny. Keep warm until serving. For the sausages: Panfry the sausages over medium heat, turning frequently to brown evenly.nGravy: Make a brown gravy according to packet instructions or reheat your leftover roast turkey gravy in a pan. Caramelize and add onions if an onion gravy is desired.nTo assemble: Place the giant Yorkshire pudding in the middle of a large dinner plate, fill with a generous heap of mashed potatoes, top with 2 crossed sausages and flood the entire dish with lashings of gravy. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 fresh large eggs, Allpurpose flour, equal amount by volume as the eggs, Generous pinch kosher salt, Whole milk, equal amount by volume as the eggs, 3 tablespoons canola oil or any oil with a high smoke point, 6 medium russet potatoes, Kosher salt, 1 cup halfandhalf, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, Twelve 14pound Englishstyle banger pork sausages or breakfast sausages or your favorite bratwurst], title: Macs ToadintheHole NonTraditional, picturelink: LAxhLHRlx.0oZyWsTQfeRuUSFewpJhW}, 39914: {instructions: First make the potatoes, mash them and let them dry well. Beat the egg whites very stiffly but not dry. Mix the egg yolk and capers and cream into the mash and fold in the egg whites. Form small cakes and fry in the butter until brown.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSpread each woodcock generously with butter and cover with a bacon rasher. Roast in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes, depending on how you like them, more if you must.nFor the sauce, saute the livers in butter until just cooked, mash and press them through a fine sieve. Put the puree in a pan, thin with white wine and stock, add juniper berries, seasoning and lemon juice, and simmer for a few minutes.nPlace the cooked woodcock on the potato cakes and serve with the sauce., ingredients: [1 12 pounds waxy potatoes, 2 egg whites and 1 yolk, 1 tablespoon capers, chopped, 14 pint 12 cup whipping cream, 1 ounce butter, 4 woodcock, properly hung, 4 ounces butter, 1 rasher bacon per bird, 4 pigeon livers use pheasant or chicken if not available, 2 ounces butter, Small glass white wine, 2 tablespoons beef stock, 10 juniper berries, crushed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Squeeze lemon juice], title: Burnetts Woodcock, picturelink: null}, 39915: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nIn a medium bowl, toss the fruit in the sugar to coat. Grill over medium heat, until a golden crust begins to form on the fruit, about 3 to 4 minutes per side.nIn another medium bowl, mix together the mint, lemon juice, and simple syrup. Arrange the fruit on a serving platter, drizzle the mint syrup over top, and serve.nIn a saucepan, combine water and sugar over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes, or until the sugar has dissolved. Take pan off heat and cool the syrup before using. Any extra cooled syrup can be refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks.nYield: 12 cup, ingredients: [1 pint strawberries, hulled and halved, 4 bananas, halved lengthwise, 1 cup fresh blueberries, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons simple syrup, recipe follows, 14 cup water, 12 cup sugar], title: Grilled Mixed Fruit, picturelink: 7d5uslXbI2v9qYfZHfcl0DSL17SVM6}, 39916: {instructions: In a blender, combine the dates, orange juice, banana, yogurt, and ice and whirl for 1 minute or 2 minutes until frothy and thick., ingredients: [1 cup chopped, pitted dates, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 1 ripe banana, 1 8ounce carton low fat vanilla yogurt, 1 cup crushed ice], title: LowFat Date Shakes, picturelink: null}, 39917: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13 x 9inch pan with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE oats, 1 12 cups flour, brown sugar, shortening, water, baking soda and salt in large bowl stir with spoon until well blended. Reserve 1 cup. Press remaining into bottom of prepared pan.nBAKE 10 to 12 minutes or until light brown. Remove pan to cooling rack. Cool 10 minutes.nSPRINKLE with nuts and chocolate chips.nCOMBINE caramel topping and remaining 14 cup flour. Stir until smooth. Drizzle over chocolate chips to within 14 inch of pan edges. Sprinkle with reserved oat mixture.nRETURN to oven. Bake 18 to 22 minutes or until golden brown. Loosen from sides of pan with knife. Remove pan to cooling rack to cool. Cool completely.nCUT into bars about 2 x 1 12 inches., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 34 cups oats, quick or old fashioned, uncooked, 1 34 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, divided, 34 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 34 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening or 34 stick Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks, 1 tbsp. water, 12 tsp. baking soda, 14 tsp. salt, 1 cup chopped pecans or walnuts, 1 cup 6 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup Smuckersu00ae Caramel Sundae Syrups Ice Cream Topping], title: Chocolate Carmelita Bars, picturelink: 7LhqfygJxoOWaIyETo5VWTZMTGWPlz2}, 39918: {instructions: Place a baking stone or inverted large baking sheet on the lowest rack of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F.nCook the beef in a medium skillet over medium heat just until no longer pink, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the beef to paper towels to drain and let cool 5 minutes. Put the cooled beef in a bowl, stir in the mustard to coat and sprinkle with some salt and pepper.nDust a sheet of parchment paper set on a pizza peel or inverted baking sheet with some flour. Stretch the pizza dough into a round 12 inches for thick or 14 inches for thinner on the parchment and brush the edge of the round with the oil, then sprinkle it with the sesame seeds. Sprinkle 1 12 cups cheese evenly over the dough, leaving a 12inch border. Top with the beef, then sprinkle the remaining 12 cup cheese over the beef.nSlide the pizza off the parchment onto the hot stone or baking sheet and bake until the crust is golden and the cheese is bubbling, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board, arrange the pickle slices evenly over the pizza then sprinkle with the onions. Drizzle mustard and ketchup over the pizza and serve while hot with shredded lettuce on the side., ingredients: [12 ounces ground beef, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, plus more for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons sesame seeds, 2 cups shredded American cheese about 8 ounces14 whole dill pickle, sliced into thin rounds, 14 small red onion, finely diced, then rinsed and drained, Ketchup, for serving, Shredded lettuce, for serving, optional], title: Cheeseburger Pizza, picturelink: LFDR5ewZZI1cLwCDcKps3QdonIdjHvS}, 39919: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine white chocolate chips and heavy cream. Stir continuously until white chocolate chips have completely melted. Stir in the halfandhalf, vanilla extract and peppermint extract. Stir occasionally until heated through.nPour into mugs and top with a dollop of vanilla whipped topping and a candy cane., ingredients: [1 cup white chocolate chips, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 cups halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon peppermint extract, Vanilla whipped topping, for garnish, Peppermint liqueur, optional, Candy cane, crushed or whole, for garnish, White chocolate liqueur, optional], title: White Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 39920: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRun your fingers through the crab meat to remove any bits of shell. In a bowl, combine the celery, onion, mayo, chili, hot sauce and Worcestershire. Add the crab meat to the bowl and mix with a fork. Season with salt and pepper, to your taste. Pile salad on lettuce leaves in croissants. Cut each croissant in thirds on angles, following the shape of the pastry. Arrange sandwiches on a plate and serve., ingredients: [2 6ounce tubs fresh lump crab 1 pound 300 count shrimp may be substituted, 2 ribs celery from the heart, finely chopped, 14 cup white onion, finely chopped or grated with a hand grater, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 14 cup chili sauce, eyeball the amount, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper, Bibb or leaf lettuce, 4 leaves, 4 large croissants, split lengthwise], title: AcadianStyle Crab Salad on Croissants, picturelink: ymeIncs7dt2553OGq0bbj6ZdPCRckm2}, 39921: {instructions: Special equipment: A heavy saucepan, 4quart capacity, with a cover A heavybottomed skillet or saute pan, 12inch diameter or largernSet the saucepan over low heat. Pour in 6 tablespoons of the olive oil. Scatter the onion in the bottom of the pan and add the garlic. Nestle the octopus on top of the onions. Scatter the olives over the octopus. Cover and let the octopus stew in its own juices for 1 hour.nUncover the octopus, there should be a lot of liquid from the octopus in the pan. Cover and continue to stew over low heat until the octopus is very tender, about 45 minutes to 1 hour and 15 minutes more, depending on the size of the octopus. To test for doneness, stick a fork in the thickest part of the octopus, it is done if the fork slides out easily.nRemove the octopus from the pot and let cool slightly. Cut the octopus into 34inch chunks, skin and all. Put the octopus chunks in the skillet and pour in the contents of the saucepan as well. Taste the sauce for salt the octopus can be very salty and add the salt, if needed. Get the sauce simmering rapidly over medium heat and stir in the parsley. You should have 2 cups or so of braising juices in the skillet. If theres much more than that, boil to reduce the sauce, ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 Garlic Cloves, 12 small onions, 2 cleaned octopus, about 1 12 pounds each, 1 cup Taggascia olives, Peperonciono, 2 Bay Leaves, Salt to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley], title: Braised Octopus, picturelink: null}, 39922: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter the bottom and sides of a 9inch springform pan preferably nonstick. Wrap the outside with aluminum foil, covering the bottom and extending all the way up the side, so water will not leak into the cake as it bakes.nPlace both flours, the xylitol and salt in a food processor and process for 15 seconds. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture pulls together, about 30 seconds. Add 1 tablespoon of the cream and the egg yolk. Pulse until a soft, slightly sticky dough forms. If it is still stiff, add another tablespoon of cream. Flour your fingers and gently press the dough into the bottom of the prepared springform pan until it is covered. Bake the crust just until it no longer looks moist on the top and feels set when you touch it do not overbake, 7 to 8 minutes. Cool in the pan on a wire rack. Leave the oven on.nFor the filling: Beat together 12 cup of the Xylitol, the arrowroot and one package of the cream cheese in a large bowl with an electric mixer using the paddle attachment if you have it on low about 3 minutes to make a stable starter batter. Blend in the remaining cream cheese, one package at a time, scraping down the bowl after adding each one, about another 3 minutes.nIncrease the mixer speed to medium and beat in the remaining 12 cup xylitol. Add the eggs, beating well. The batter will look light, creamy, airy, and almost like billowy clouds. Be careful not to over mixnSpoon the batter over the baked shortbread crust. Place the springform pan in the center of a large shallow pan and add hot water to the larger pan so that it comes about 1 inch up the side of the springform. Bake until the edge is light golden brown and the cake is light yellow beige, about 1 hour. If the center is still very jiggly, let the cake bake for 5 to 10 minutes more.nGently remove the cake from the water bath, transfer it to a wire rack, remove the foil, and leave it on the rack for at least 2 hours and up to 4 hours. The less you move it, the less likely it is the cake will crack. Once it has cooled, leave the cake in the pan, cover loosely with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight until it is completely cold.nTo serve, remove the springform ring from the cake and serve from the bottom of the pan do not try to transfer it to a serving platter. Cover any leftover cake and refrigerate for up to 3 days. Do not freeze this cake., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for greasing the pan, 23 cup almond flour, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons xylitol sweetener, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 to 2 tablespoons heavy or whipping cream, 1 extralarge egg yolk, slightly beaten with fork, 1 cup xylitol sweetener, 3 tablespoons arrowroot, dissolved in 2 tablespoons cold water, Four 8ounce packages cream cheese use only full fat, room temperature, 2 extralarge eggs], title: Juniors SugarFree New York Cheesecake, picturelink: Hbou4NL78nKb2IRP41Dpao26fJkOhvm}, 39923: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nScrub the potatoes with a scrub brush. Prick them with a fork, then wrap tightly in foil, and bake for about 40 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat a wok or frying pan, add the oil, then add the broccoli and stirfry over high heat for about 5 minutes, sprinkling with salt and crushed garlic as you go. Remove from the heat and spoon into a bowl.nCook red bell pepper in a little water until tender. Place in a blender with a few shakes of salt and a small clove of garlic. Puree the pepper until smooth and strain it into a small bowl so the skins are left behind in the strainer.nMelt butter in the wok or frying pan. Add the mushrooms and salt lightly. Saute over medium heat for about 10 minutes, then spoon into a bowl.nAssemble the toppings in bowls: the stirfried broccoli, pepper puree, stir fried mushrooms, olives, tomato, scallions, pesto, grated cheese, and sour cream or cottage cheese.nSlit each potato and use a fork to mash the insides with a little butter andor milk to make them creamy so the toppings will blend in more easily. Top as desired with various accompaniments., ingredients: [4 to 6 mediumsize baking potatoes, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 mediumsize bunch broccoli, Salt, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, crushed, plus 1 clove, peeled, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1inch chunks, 2 teaspoons butter, plus more as an accompaniment, 14 pound mushrooms, sliced, Sliced olives, 1 ripe tomato, diced, 1 cup grated cheddar, 2 minced scallions or chives, 14 cup pesto, Sour cream or cottage cheese, Butter, Milk], title: Baked Potatoes a la Mode, picturelink: null}, 39924: {instructions: Mix yeast and warm water. Set aside. Whisk sugar, warm milk, eggs, soft butter, and oil together in a large mixing bowl. Set aside. Put flour, salt and ground cardamon in a bowl of a standalone mixer, stir to combine. Pour yeast mixture and egg mixture into dry ingredients. Mix on first speed until dough comes together, scraping bowl often. Mix on speed 2 for a few minutes until dough smooths out. It will still be very gloppy.nPlace raisins on top of dough and allow the dough to rest for 20 minutes. This is the autolyse.nAfter autolyse, knead in raisins and bring together until smooth 2 to 3 minutes on 2nd speed.nLet dough rise 1 12 hours, then chill for 1 to 2 hours.nDivide dough into 6 equal pieces, make ropes twist together and form a ring, leaving an opening in the middle. Place round loaves on parchmentlined baking sheets. Let shaped loaves rise until almost double in volume, then press in two colored, uncooked eggs. Brush dough with egg white wash around the eggs.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace pans of bread into oven then mist with water from a plant mister 8 to 10 times. Bake for 10 minutes, then reduce temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake for an additional 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. The loaves should be rotated to different racks in the oven half way through baking. Cool loaves on wire racks. In a small bowl whisk together powdered sugar and milk. When the loaves are cool drizzle with glaze.nNote: Use Paasbrand Egg Coloring to color the eggs. Brown eggs work best, ingredients: [2 teaspoons dry yeast, 5 ounces warm water 110 degrees, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 23 cups warm milk, 4 eggs, room temperature, 5 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 6 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground cardamon roast whole pods, grind and pass through a sieve, 1 cup golden raisins, 6 eggs, uncooked but colored with bright dyes, 1 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons milk], title: Cardamon Easter Bread, picturelink: null}, 39925: {instructions: Melt butter in medium saute pan. Add sliced bananas. Add Banana and Amaretto liqueurs. Add sugar and cinnamon. cook for about three minutes. Remove from heat. Place two scoops of ice cream into two brandy glasses. Spoon hot mixture over top of ice cream. Serve at once., ingredients: [2 bananas, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoons cinnamon, 14 cup amaretto, 14 cup banana liquer, 4 scoops vanilla ice cream], title: Ice Cream Topped with Sauteed Bananas, picturelink: null}, 39926: {instructions: Begin with all ingredients at room temperature, they will emulsify more readily. In a food processor or blender, process the yolks, salt, mustard, cayenne, lemon juice and water together to form a stable base. With the motor running, add a few drops of the oil, the mixture will begin to thicken. Then, begin adding the remaining oil in a thin, steady stream. Scrape down the sides of the processorblender. Check seasoning. Keep covered in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. Serve with cold meats, seafood, poultry and salads., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, Dash cayenne, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons water, 2 cups canola oil], title: Classic Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 39927: {instructions: Clean the fish without cutting off either the head or the tail. With a sharp knife, score the fleshy part of the snapper. In a bowl, combine the garlic, lime juice, water, clove, and pepper to make the marinade. Pour the marinade over the fish and allow the marinade to penetrate the snapper for 30 minutes.nPour a tablespoon of oil into a hot pan and sear the fish for a few minutes on each side. Add the chicken broth and begin to add the remaining ingredients.nFirst, add the sliced onion, bay leaves, and oregano. Next, pour in the fresh tomato puree, followed by the whole plum tomatoes. Add the pickled chiles, crushed olives, and capers. Season with salt and continue simmering for 15 minutes. Before serving, sprinkle the whole olives and chopped parsley over the snapper and serve on a large dish., ingredients: [One 3.3pound1 12kilogram whole red snapper, cleaned and scaled, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons water, Pinch clove, Pinch pepper, Vegetable oil, for sauteing, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 onion, sliced, 2 bay leaves, 2 pinches dried oregano, 12 cup freshly made tomato puree water, tomatoes, and a dash of olive oil, 4 plum tomatoes, 6 pickled chiles, 8 green olives pitted and crushed, plus 12 green olives, whole, 1 tablespoon capers, Salt, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley], title: Veracruz Red Snapper: Huachinango a la Veracruzana, picturelink: null}, 39928: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare the cookie mix as the label directs for drop cookies, mixing in the cornmeal. Roll out into a 13inch round on floured parchment paper trim into a 12inch circle with a paring knife.nCut the cookie in half with the paring knife to make 2 semicircles, then use kitchen shears to cut through the parchment so each semicircle is on its own piece of parchment.nSlide 1 semicircle on the parchment onto a rimmed baking sheet. Press the straight edge of the semicircle up against the rim as shown. Slide the other semicircle flat onto a separate baking sheet. Bake until golden, 12 minutes.nRemove the cookies from the oven. Use the handle of a wooden spoon to shape the edge of the curved cookie. Let the cookies cool completely on the baking sheets.nPut the curved cookie on a clean parchmentlined baking sheet. Cut the ice cream out of the carton slide onto the cookie. Use plastic wrap to gently press the ice cream so that it goes almost to the edge.nSprinkle the side of the ice cream with the cereal, pressing to adhere. Transfer to the freezer.nTo make lettuce, combine the coconut with 3 drops green food coloring, 1 drop yellow food coloring and a small splash of water in a resealable plastic bag shake and massage until the coconut is light green.nSlice the Circus Peanuts into thin strips to look like shredded cheese chop the cherries for the tomatoes.nSprinkle the coconut, Circus Peanuts and cherries over the cereal. Place the other cookie on top of the ice cream so the two cookie edges line up. Freeze until firm, at least 2 hours.nPhotograph by Ralph Smith, ingredients: [1 17.5ounce package sugar cookie mix plus required ingredients, 12 cup coarse stoneground cornmeal, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 1 12quart rectangular carton chocolate ice cream, softened, 12 cup Cocoa Pebbles cereal, 12 cup coconut flakes, Green and yellow food coloring, 5 Circus Peanuts, 4 maraschino cherries], title: Giant Ice Cream Taco, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 39929: {instructions: Cut steak into serving size pieces. Season steak with tenderizer, garlic salt, and black pepper. Beat egg and milk together. Put a little baking soda in the egg mixture for a golden color. Roll steaks in flour, then eggmilk mixture. Roll in flour again and fry in hot lard until golden brown., ingredients: [1 to 2 pound round steak, tenderized, Pinch tenderizer, Pinch garlic salt, Pinch black pepper, 1 egg, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup flour], title: Chicken Fried Steak, picturelink: null}, 39930: {instructions: Pour the can of condensed milk in a medium saucepan and cook over low heat for about 45 minutes stirring frequently. Be careful not to burn as it sticks to the bottom of the pan.nAdd the crushed crackers to a food processor. Pour in the melted butter and pulse until it sticks together and the graham crackers get pulverized. Pour the graham cracker mixture into a 9inch spring form pan and press with your hands or a 1 cup measurer to evenly distribute on the bottom of the pan. Chill to set for about 15 minutes in the refrigerator.nPour the dulce de leche over the graham cracker base. Spread evenly. Slice the peeled bananas and arrange over the top covering the entire surface. Whip the cream until firm and spread over the top. Sprinkle top with cinnamon and grated chocolate. Serve., ingredients: [1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 2 cups crushed graham crackers, about 11 crackers, 1 stick butter 12 cup, melted, 2 large ripe bananas, 2 cups heavy cream, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, grated], title: Banoffee Pie, picturelink: null}, 39931: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat, and cook the fresh fettuccine pasta until just tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Drain the pasta, reserving 12 cup of the cooking liquid. Return the pasta to the pot.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and season with salt, and pepper. Add the yellow squash and saute until almost tender. Add the lemon zest and continue cooking for 1 more minute.nAdd the white wine, and scrape up the pan releasing any dry bits on the bottom. Add the chicken stock, heavy cream, lemon juice, and reserved cooking liquid. Bring to a simmer and continue cooking until the sauce is creamy and coats the back of a spoon. Stir in the grated Parmesan cheese. Season the sauce with salt, and pepper, to taste.nToss the pasta with the sauce and serve. Garnish with additional Parmesan cheese.nTo make fresh pasta dough:nMound the flour on a clean work surface. Hollow out the center making a well in the middle of the flour with steep sides.nBreak the eggs into the well. Add the salt, and olive oil to the hollow center and gently mix together with a fork. Gradually start incorporating the flour by pulling in the flour from the sides of the well. As you incorporate more of the flour, the dough will start to take shape.nWith your hands or a bench scraper continue working the dough until it comes together. If the dough is too dry, add a little water if too wet or sticky, add a little flour.nBegin kneading the dough and keep kneading until it becomes smooth and elastic, about 8 to 10 minutes. At this point, set the dough aside, cover it with plastic, and let it rest for 15 to 20 minutes. You can store the dough in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours, but allow it to return to room temperature before rolling it out.nDivide the pasta dough into 4 even sections. Keep each section covered with plastic wrap or a clean towel while you work with each one. Flour the dough, the rollers of a pasta roller or your rolling pin, your hands, and the work surface.nIf using a pasta machine: Flatten 1 of the of the dough pieces between your hands or with a floured rolling pin until it forms a thick oval disk. Dust the disk, the roller, and your hands with additional flour. Flour a baking sheet to hold the rolled out finished pasta.nWith the roller on the widest setting, pass the pasta through the machines rollers a few times until it is smooth. Fold the dough over into 13, and continue to pass through a few more times until the pasta is smooth again. Begin adjusting the pasta machine settings to become thinner, passing the dough through a few times at each setting.nIf rolling the pasta by hand: Flatten a dough piece into a thick oval disk with your hands. Flour a baking sheet for the rolled out finished pasta. Place the oval dough disk on a floured work surface, and sprinkle with additional flour. Begin rolling out the dough with a floured rolling pin working from the center of the dough outwards, constantly moving the dough and lifting it to make sure its not sticking.nFlavor and color variations:nCooks Note: All color additions should be added to eggs before incorporating into the flour. Keep in mind that you will need to add a little bit of flour to your basic pasta recipe to compensate for the additional liquid addednSpinach Pasta Dough green hue: Blanch 8 ounces about 3 cups spinach leaves. Puree in a food processor or blender until smooth. Press the spinach puree through a small strainer or chinois, removing the liquid before mixing with the eggs. Add 3 tablespoons spinach puree to the eggs before mixing. If the dough feels too sticky, add additional flour until a soft, silky dough is achieved.nTomato Pasta Dough orange hue: Add 2 12 tablespoons tomato paste to the eggs before incorporating into the flour.nBeet Pasta Dough pinkishred hue: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Roast 1 large beet in aluminum foil about 45 minutes, or until tender. Peel the beet and puree in a food processor. Add the beet puree about 4 tablespoons to eggs before incorporating into the flour.nHerb Pasta Dough speckled: Mince 12 cup fresh herbs and add to eggs before incorporating into the flour.nSquid Ink Pasta Dough black hue: Add 1 tablespoon squid ink to the eggs before incorporating into the flour., ingredients: [1 recipe fresh pasta dough with spinach puree, cut into fettuccine, recipe follows, or 8 ounces dried fettuccine, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium white onion, diced, 1 medium yellow squash, diced, 2 teaspoons fresh grated lemon zest, 14 cup white wine, 34 cup chicken stock or broth, 13 cup heavy cream, 2 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese, plus Parmesan curls or more grated cheese, for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh Pasta Dough, 2 cups flour, 3 eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, Flavor and color variations, recipes follow, optional], title: Fettuccine with Yellow Squash and ParmesanLemon Cream Sauce, picturelink: 0i2R4bxhsAq.MyCVhK2UemyM88Rn5Hi}, 39932: {instructions: In a large pitcher filled with ice, combine all ingredients except orange slices and stir thoroughly. Pour into individual highball glasses. Garnish each glass with an orange slice and serve while cold., ingredients: [Ice, 1 part whiskey, 1 part sweet bourbon, 1 part orange juice, 1 part lemonlime soda, Splash grenadine, Orange slices, for garnish], title: Southern Belle Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 39933: {instructions: Peel, core and chop 1 of the apples and add to a small saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the sugar and the butter. Cook until the apple is very soft. Remove from the heat and let cool for a few minutes, then add to a blender with the 14 cup of creme fraiche. Blend until pureed and transfer to a bowl. Refrigerate until needed.nDry the scallops with paper towels and season both sides with salt and pepper. Make a small pocket in the middle of each scallop and fill the pocket with grated cheese.nHeat the oil a skillet over medium heat. Once the oil is hot, add the scallops and cook without moving until the bottoms are golden brown, about 1 minute. Turn over and brown the other side. Remove from the pan to a platter and allow to rest for a couple of minutes.nTo serve, spoon some of the apple creme fraiche on each plate and top with 2 scallops Peel the remaining apple and shave or grate a little apple over the top of the scallops for garnish. Enjoy., ingredients: [2 apples, 6 tablespoons cane sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup creme fraiche, 12 large dry pack scallops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 cup grated jalapeno cheese, 18 cup grapeseed oil], title: Seared Scallops and Jalapeno Cheese, with Shaved Apple Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 39934: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water by about 2 inches. Season with salt. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer until just tender, about 6 minutes. Drain and set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat and 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.nWipe out the skillet and return to mediumhigh heat. Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons bacon fat and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Add the potatoes, season with salt and pepper to taste, and arrange in a single layer. Cook, without stirring, until well browned on one side, about 8 minutes. Using a spatula, turn the potatoes in small sections, and continue cooking, turning occasionally, until wellbrowned, about 12 minutes. Stir in the onions, heat through, and sprinkle with the cayenne, if desired. Transfer to warm platter and serve., ingredients: [4 Russet potatoes about 2 pounds, peeled and cut into a 34inch dice, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons bacon fat, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, like soy, peanut, or corn, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper optional], title: Homefries, picturelink: null}, 39935: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the broth with the potatoes, tomatoes, beans and onions, and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to medium. Cook the soup until the potatoes are tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the corn and serve. Adjust seasoning as needed., ingredients: [Two 14ounce cans chicken broth, 3 red potatoes about 4 ounces each, peeled and diced into 34inch pieces, One 14ounce can diced tomatoes, One 10ounce package frozen lima beans, 2 tablespoons finely chopped onion, Salt and pepper, One 12ounce can creamstyle corn], title: Winter Vegetable Soup, picturelink: 9c6vxt7DCpoRKUVRo9RNUMT8upaVuiO}, 39936: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTrim off any skin and excess fat from the fresh ham, leaving 14 inch of fat at most. Place the ham, fatside up, in a roasting pan.nCombine the coconut oil, garlic, rosemary, thyme and 2 tablespoons each salt and pepper in a bowl. Rub the mixture all over the ham. Bake until the internal temp reaches 160 to 165 degrees F, 5 to 5 12 hours essentially 30 minutes per pound, basting every hour with beer. Let rest for 20 to 30 minutes before carving.nSlather aioli on the bottom and top sides of the buns. Top the bottom buns with sliced ham, fried pickles and a bun top.nFor the Cajun aioli: In a bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, lemon juice and Cajun seasoning until combined. Fold in the green onions, cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the fried pickles: Combine the sour cream and pickle juice in a shallow dish. In a second shallow dish, whisk the flour, cornmeal and cayenne until combined.nDrain the pickles and add them to the sour cream mixture. Then, using a fork, add the pickles, a few at a time, to the flour mixture and toss to coat.nHeat 12 inch of canola oil to 350 degrees F in a large castiron skillet. In several batches, fry the pickles, flipping constantly, until golden brown and crispy all over, 2 12 minutes per batch. Drain on a papertowellined baking sheet and season with salt., ingredients: [One 10 to 12pound bonein fresh ham, at room temp, 2 tablespoons unrefined coconut oil, melted, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 12ounce beer, amber or dark, Fried Pickles and Cajun Aioli, for garnish and spreading, recipe follows, 8 to 12 sandwich buns, split, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 3 green onions, green parts only, sliced, 12 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons pickle juice, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup stoneground yellow cornmeal, Pinch cayenne pepper, 32 dill pickle slices, Canola oil, for frying, Kosher salt], title: Baked Fresh Ham Sandwiches with Fried Pickles and Cajun Aioli, picturelink: QdV.TvN5T4404t5XawY1js3QD6MLGq}, 39937: {instructions: Viniagrette: Whisk together all ingredients and set aside.nMarinate chicken in 12 cup vinaigrette for at least 1 hour. Grill chicken, slice in strips and toss with rosemary. Saute peppers and onions briefly in 2 tablespoons olive oil.nCombine chicken, peppers, onions, water chestnuts, sundried tomatoes and asparagus in a bowl.nAdd salt, pepper, Gorgonzola or Stilton, country ham and remaining olive oil. Toss well.nLine plates with bibb lettuce and place chicken salad on top, ingredients: [Vinaigrette, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, Salt and pepper, 4 whole boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary, 1 red pepper, julienned, 1 yellow pepper, julienned, 1 red onion, sliced, 13 cup olive oil, 12 cup water chestnuts, sliced, 12 cup sundried tomatoes, blanched, chopped, 12 pound asparagus, blanched and cut into thirds, 12 pound Gorgonzola or stilton, 12 cup country ham, diced, 6 heads bibb lettuce, washed], title: Grilled Chicken Salad with Spring Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 39938: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a medium pot over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and salt and saute, until onion becomes translucent and tender, about 5 minutes. Add rice and saute another 2 minutes to toast rice. Add coconut milk and fill saucepan with enough water to cover the rice by 12inch or measure by placing your thumb tip on the rice and filling the pot with water until the water reaches the middle of your thumbnail. Bring rice to a simmer, cover and cook until rice is tender and liquid has evaporated, about 15 to 17 minutes.nRemove from heat and let rice stand another 5 minutes, covered. Fluff rice with fork and then fold in pigeon peas. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups longgrain rice, 12 cup coconut milk, 1 12ounce can pigeon peas, drained and rinsed, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Coconut Rice n Peas, picturelink: 0kuiYxtR3QN8Mm1zJvpTAnqMaCbEyZi}, 39939: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Brush the scallions with 2 tablespoons of the oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place on a sheet pan and roast 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and chop coarsely. Toss the potatoes with remaining olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until just a bit overcooked but not brown or dry, about 25 minutes. As soon as they come out of the oven, place the potatoes in a large mixing bowl and add the garlic, scallions, and butter. Smash with vigorously with a potato masher to achieve a rustic texture, the mixture should not be smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. To keep the smashed potatoes warm, put them in a bowl or pan, cover, and place the bowl in a large pan of warm water., ingredients: [12 scallions, 6 tablespoons pure olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste, 16 new potatoes, quartered, 1 head roasted garlic, 1 stick butter, softened], title: Green Onion Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 39940: {instructions: Tomato Concasse:nBlanch tomatoes briefly in boiling water to loosen the skins, then peel, seed and juice them. Dice the tomato flesh. Add chives, salt, and white pepper.nFried Green Tomatoes:nTomatoes that are showing a little pink coloration amid the green, as they just begin to turn red, are thought to have the best flavor. Slice them, skin on, so that you have 3 14inch slices from each. Sprinkle the slices with a mixture of kosher salt, sugar, and black pepper.nFor the coating, mix together the best stoneground white cornmeal you can find Weisenberger Mills cornmeal is excellent, and flour. Dip the seasoned tomato slices in the cornmeal mixture.nFilm a heavy skillet in Kentucky, a black cast iron skillet is favored with a generous amount of bacon fat. Have more bacon fat ready to add to the skillet if the tomatoes absorb too much. If youve dietary qualms about this, use half bacon fat and half canola oil. For the saute, any kind of fat or oil will do, but the bacon clearly gives the best and most authentic taste. Heat the oil until fairly hot, but not quite smoking. Fry the coated tomatoes approximately 2 to 3 minutes on each side, being sure not to crowd the skillet. Drain the slices on paper towels, and keep warm in a very low oven.nTo assemble:nSlice cheese into very thin slices.nMake sure the fried green tomatoes are still very warm you may want to slightly increase the oven temperature at the last minute to make sure. On each of 4 warmed plates, spoon out a thin layer of the tomato concasse in a circle that will extend beyond the tomato stack. Place a tomato slice on each plate, and cover overlapping just a bit with the thin cheese slices place another tomato slice on each, and repeat the cheese placement top each with the remaining slices. Do this as quickly as you can so that the cheese melts just slightly you may place the plates briefly back in the oven to do this, but guard against the tomato crusts becoming soggy.nWhen ready to serve, top each stack with microgreens we like baby arugula for this extra taste treat, and garnish the plates with nasturtium flowers, adding the piquant taste of watercress to the dish. If you dont have nasturtium flowers, you might dot the plate with droplets of reduced balsamic vinegar. Serve at once., ingredients: [4 large tomatoes, ripe suggest one Black Russian, one Green Zebra, one Lemon Boy, and 1 red Better Boy if available, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 4 large green tomatoes, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 34 cup stoneground white cornmeal, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup bacon fat, 14 pound Kentucky Tomme This cheese is a firm, highly flavored goat cheese from Judy Shads Capriole Farm in southern Indiana. Can substitute with Swiss gruyere., MicroGreens, for garnish], title: Fried Green Tomato Stack with Kentucky Tomme on a Fresh Tomato Concasse, Topped with Baby Arugula, Garnished with Nasturtium Flowers, picturelink: null}, 39941: {instructions: Butter a 9inch springform pan. Line the bottom and sides with parchment paper. For the tomato layer: In a 12inch nonstick skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Remove the pan from the heat and cool slightly. Stir in the tomatoes. Return the pan to the heat and add the red pepper flakes. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated and the mixture has formed a chunky sauce, 15 to 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the bechamel sauce: In a 1quart saucepan, melt the butter over mediumlow heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Gradually add the milk, whisking constantly to prevent lumps. Stir in the nutmeg and 14 teaspoon salt. Simmer over mediumlow heat, whisking constantly, until the sauce is thick and smooth, about 8 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat.nFor the pesto: In a food processor, combine the basil, Parmesan, pine nuts, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Pulse until finely chopped. With the machine running, gradually add the olive oil until the mixture forms a smooth paste. Stir the pesto into the bechamel sauce until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool for 15 minutes.nFor the polenta: In a large, heavy saucepan, bring 6 cups water and 1 tablespoon salt to a boil over mediumlow heat. Gradually whisk in the cornmeal. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened and the cornmeal is tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the butter. To assemble the torta: Working quickly, spread half of the warm polenta in an even layer on the bottom of the prepared pan. Add the pesto mixture and spread on top of the polenta. Spoon the remaining polenta on top and smooth with a spatula. Spread the tomato mixture on top. Cool the torta at room temperature for 30 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until the layers have set, about 4 hours. Remove the outer ring from the pan, then remove the parchment paper. Place the torta on a platter and cut into thin wedges. Serve with grilled bread. Cooks Note: To toast the pine nuts, arrange them in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a 350 degrees F oven until lightly toasted, 6 to 8 minutes. Cool completely before using., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the pan, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large or 4 small shallots, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Two 15ounce cans diced tomatoes, 14 to 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, Pinch ground nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups packed fresh basil leaves, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted see Cooks Note, 1 clove garlic, smashed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 34 cups yellow cornmeal, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, Grilled bread, for serving], title: Polenta Torta, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 39942: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium heavy skillet, heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the pork, ground sirloin, bay leaf, cinnamon stick, salt and pepper and cook at medium heat until meat loses its pink color and is cooked through, about 7 minutes. Add the dried apples, apricots, and sweetened pineapple and remove from the heat. Add the ground cinnamon and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Set aside. Remove the cinnamon stick and bay leaf and discard.nSauce: Put the walnuts, Mexican crema and goat cheese in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth and silky, about 2 minutes. Sauce should coat the back of a spoon. If the sauce is too thin, add more walnuts and puree. If too thick, add more cream. Season with salt, to taste.nCut a lengthwise slit into each chile and carefully cut out seeds with kitchen shears, leaving the stem intact. For less spice, carefully remove the veins.nSpoon the filling into the chiles, then close, slightly overlapping the sides of the openings. Transfer the stuffed chiles, seam sides up, to plates and pour about 13 cup the walnut sauce over each chile, leaving some of the chile visible. Sprinkle with parsley leaves and pomegranate seeds. Serve warm or at room temperature.nCooks Note: To peel the walnuts: Cook in boiling water for 1 minute and drain. When cool enough to handle, use a paring knife to remove the skins. Peeling the walnuts before adding them to the sauce will make a smoother, whiter sauce. Unpeeled walnuts can be used, but the texture will be a little grainy and slightly bitter., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 pound ground pork, 12 pound ground sirloin beef, 1 bay leaf, 1 cinnamon stick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup dried apples, chopped, 13 cup dried apricots, chopped, 34 cup acitron, or sweetened dried pineapple, chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 cups walnuts, peeled see Cooks Note, 2 12 cups Mexican crema, 4 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, Salt, 10 poblano chiles, charred, peeled, left whole for stuffing, Whole flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 cup pomegranate seeds], title: Stuffed Poblano Chiles in a Creamy Walnut Sauce, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 39943: {instructions: Add the elderflower liqueur to a champagne flute and top with rose. Stir to mix and add a raspberry for garnish., ingredients: [1 ounce elderflower liqueur recommended: St Germaine, Dry sparkling rose wine, well chilled, Raspberries, for garnish], title: Flowers for Mom Cocktail, picturelink: E3Qusblbeouq8e8oEbQyLgFnaXC48q2}, 39944: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSpray a 12count muffin pan with cooking spray. Mold biscuits to the shape of each muffin cup. Parbake biscuits for 6 to 8 minutes until light golden. Remove from oven and set aside.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add ground beef and brown. Stir in the onions, salt, pepper and garlic and allow to cook together for a couple of minutes.nMix flour into the meat mixture and stir until a paste consistency is reached. Add beef stock to pan and stir in vegetables and herbs, the last few minutes, until combined.nReheat mashed potatoes in a microwave for 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in granulated garlic and onion powder.nSpoon equal amounts approximately 2 tablespoons of warm potatoes on the bottoms of each parbaked biscuit. Then top with equal amounts of beef mixture approximately 2 tablespoons. Finally top with equal amounts of Cheddar. Return to oven and bake for 12 to 15 minutes until cheese is melted and browned. Remove from oven and allow to cool slightly before popping individual pies out with a knife., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 can biscuits 12 recommended: Grands, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound ground beef, 12 onion, minced, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup beef stock, 1 cup frozen mixed vegetables, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 12 cups leftover mashed potatoes, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic powder, 2 tablespoons granulated onion powder, 2 cups shredded Cheddar], title: Mini Shepherds Pie, picturelink: o44eBAfx7.7IT2vAcEJ7ekIbI1F6gN6}, 39945: {instructions: In a large skillet bring 1inch of water to a boil, add the haricots verts and simmer for 4 minutes or until just tender. Drain and refresh under cold water. Pat the haricots verts dry and chill them, covered, for 2 hours. Salt tomato halves and invert on rack and let sit for 30 minutes. In a bowl combine the vinegar, mustard, salt, pepper and Worcestershire, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until emulsified. Add the dill and combine. Arrange the haricots verts, tomatoes and cucumber slices decoratively on a platter, garnish the vegetables with the minced egg yolk and white and spoon the dressing over the salad., ingredients: [34 pound very thin haricot vert, trimmed, 1 hardboiled egg yolk, minced, 1 hardboiled egg white, minced, 1 pound cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 pound cucumbers, thinly sliced, Salt, 2 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons snipped fresh dill], title: Haricots Verts, Tomato and Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 39946: {instructions: Coat an outdoor grill or stovetop grill pan with cooking spray and preheat to mediumhigh.nSeason both sides of salmon with salt and black pepper. Grill salmon steaks 5 minutes per side for mediumrare. Arrange green beans on grill alongside salmon. Grill 10 minutes, until crisptender, turning frequently.nMeanwhile, in a blender, combine remaining ingredients and puree until smooth. Serve 4 of the salmon steaks with green beans on the side and ponzu sauce drizzled over top. Reserve remaining salmon steaks for another recipe. Serve with cellophane noodles., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 6 5ounce salmon steaks, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh green beans, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped shallot, 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons minced chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, 1 clove garlic, Cellophane noodles, as an accompaniment], title: Grilled Salmon Steaks with ChipotlePonzu Sauce and Grilled Green Beans, picturelink: oqwLNzI9gUr92lcfBkH77OqZZa9lm.}, 39947: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a bowl with ice and water. Line a sheet pan with paper towels.nIn a 5quart pot, bring 6 cups water to a boil over moderatelyhigh heat. After the water has reached a boil, turn off the heat. Crack each egg into a ramekin and quickly add to the water. Once you have added all the eggs, cover the pot and set aside for 3 minutes.nUsing a slotted spoon, very carefully lift the eggs out of the water and directly into the bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Remove from the ice water and place on the prepared sheet pan.nSpread the flour on a plate and put the beaten eggs in a shallow bowl. In another shallow bowl, stir the panko with salt and pepper.nCarefully dust 1 poached egg in the flour, dusting off any excess. Transfer the poached egg to the beaten eggs, and then transfer with a slotted spoon to the panko. Coat with the panko and carefully place on a plate. Repeat with the remaining eggs.nHeat the oil in a heavy saucepan over high heat until a candy thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Using a slotted spoon, place 1 pankocoated egg into the oil and fry until golden brown, 10 to 15 seconds. Transfer the fried egg to paper towels to drain. Repeat with the remaining eggs.nSeason the tomato with salt and pepper. Place 1 tomato slice on each plate and top each slice with an egg.nBYOC: Try this in early spring over some steamed asparagus. You can always add some fresh spinach to this for a crunch. Add the whole thing over a nice thick piece of crusty bread or English muffin for a fun brunch item., ingredients: [4 large eggs, whole, plus 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 cups panko breadcrumbs, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 7 to 8 cups vegetable oil, 1 large heirloom tomato, cut into 4 thick slices], title: Deep Fried Poached Egg Over Heirloom Tomato, picturelink: lRbCO2fQz3hlssbtyNDpvcbuQfhHKuG}, 39948: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMix the beef, cheese, breadcrumbs, caraway seeds, salt, pepper, eggs and parsley in a bowl until uniform but not overworked. Scoop out a 14 cup of the mix and roll into a ball. Repeat to use all of the meat.nHeat a castiron skillet over medium heat add the oil. Fry the first side of the meatballs, in batches if necessary, until golden and crusty, 7 to 8 minutes. Flip and place in the oven to finish cooking, until no longer pink in the middle, 10 to 15 more minutes.nSandwich Build: Heat the kraut in a small saucepot and mix in the 1000 island. Place a meatball on the bottom slider bun, top with the krautsauce mixture, top and skewer. Enjoy with all your closest and most respected friends., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, chuck preferred, 1 cup shredded Swiss, 12 cup toasted rye bread, processed into fine breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon crushed black pepper, 2 large eggs, 12 cup parsley leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cups sauerkraut, drained, 1 cup 1000 island dressing, 12 slider buns, buttered and griddled], title: Reuben Meatball Sliders, picturelink: iOWeN8JAJciRlms8XqukHKc1gsKyM.}, 39949: {instructions: Whisk the vinegar, mint, red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic and 14 teaspoon salt in a shallow dish. Gradually whisk in 3 tablespoons olive oil. Add the chicken and marinate about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix the tomatoes, cucumber and the remaining 1 clove garlic in a bowl. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the chicken until cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and slice into 12inchthick strips. Toss with the vegetables.nBrush the pitas with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt. Grill, turning once, until marked. Place a pita on each plate and spread with baba ghanoush. Top with lettuce and chicken salad and drizzle with any juices from the bowl.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 3 teaspoons dried mint, crumbled, 34 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 chicken scallopine 4 to 5 ounces each, 1 cup grape or cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 unpeeled kirby cucumber, chopped, Freshly ground pepper, 4 pocketless pitas, 12 cup baba ghanoush eggplant spread, sold near hummus in the refrigerated section, 2 cups chopped romaine lettuce], title: Chicken Salad Pita with Baba Ghanoush, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 39950: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker, muddle or crush the lime and mint leaves. Add in the raspberry simple syrup and white rum. Add ice, cover, shake, and then serve in a rocks glass. Garnish with a raspberry.nTo make the simple syrup: In a saucepan combine the sugar and water. Cook the mixture over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the saucepan from the heat and add in the raspberries. Allow the mixture to steep for at least one day. The simple syrup will keep up to 2 weeks in the refrigerator. Add the syrup to the drink when called for above.nCook Time: 10 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 24 hoursnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [2 lime slices, cut into wheel shape, 1 sprig fresh mint, 12 ounce or 1 tablespoon RaspberryInfused Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 2 ounces or 14 cup white rum, Ice cubes, as needed, Raspberry, for garnish, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 2 cups raspberries], title: Raspberry Mojito, picturelink: null}, 39951: {instructions: Heat a wok over high heat. When the wok begins to smoke, add 1 tablespoon of the peanut oil. Add the carrots and green beans and stirfry for 1 minute. Splash in 2 tablespoons stock to facilitate cooking and stirfry for another minute. Transfer to a plate and set aside.nWipe the wok dry and return to the heat. When the wok is hot, add the remaining 2 tablespoons peanut oil. Add the garlic, ginger and half the chiles and stirfry for less than 1 minute. Add the curry paste and stirfry for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the kaffir lime leaves and chicken and stirfry until the chicken has browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the coconut milk and stirfry for 1 minute. Stir in the remaining 14 cup stock, the shiitake mushrooms, scallion light parts, bean sprouts and fish sauce and cook until the chicken has cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes more. Add the green beans and carrots back in and season with salt and white pepper. Transfer to a serving plate and garnish with the remaining chilies, some bean sprouts, the scallion greens and cilantro., ingredients: [3 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 medium carrot, peeled and thinly sliced, 8 ounces green beans, trimmed, 2 tablespoons plus 14 cup vegetable stock, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon peeled and grated fresh ginger, 2 Fresno chiles, sliced leave seeds in for heat if desired, 2 tablespoons prepared red curry paste or Thaistyle chili paste, 2 to 3 kaffir lime leaves, julienned, 6 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, sliced 12inch thick, 14 cup coconut milk, 5 shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 2 scallions, sliced, green and light parts separated, 1 handful bean sprouts, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, Sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, for garnish], title: Red Curry Chicken StirFry, picturelink: null}, 39952: {instructions: Beat 2 sticks butter, 34 cup dark brown sugar and 34 cup granulated sugar until fluffy beat in 1 teaspoon vanilla and 2 eggs. Whisk 2 12 cups flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda and 1 teaspoon salt, then stir into the butter mixture. Add 1 cup chocolatecovered peanuts, 12 cup chocolatecovered raisins and 12 cup MMs. Press scoops of dough into standardsize muffin cups. Bake 20 to 25 minutes at 350 degrees., ingredients: [], title: Movie Munchers, picturelink: Y638aZPM8q97vBnLG1XHAsEspF3E7BW}, 39953: {instructions: Place the egg whites and sugar in the heatproof bowl from an electric mixer. Combine, using a wire whisk continue whisking over a pot containing about 2 inches of simmering water.nWhisk constantly until all the sugar is dissolved and the mixture feels hot to the touch. Transfer the bowl to mixer and whip, using the whisk attachment, on high speed until whites are glossy and stand in stiff peaks when the whisk is lifted, about 3 minutes.nHeat oven to 175 degrees F. Make a pattern to use as a guide for piping by drawing 24 circles on a 16 by 12inch piece of parchment paper use a pencil to trace around a 2inch biscuit cutter, creating 4 rows of 6 circles. Line a baking sheet with the patterned paper. Place a second piece of 16 by 12inch parchment paper on top of the patterned paper you will be able to see the circles through the parchment and be able to use the patterned paper again.nUsing a mediumsized pastry bag with a 11 plain tip, pipe 7 petals, starting at the edge of each circle and pulling the bag into the center. Make sure all points meet in center so that lemon curd does not seep out. Slip the pattern from under the piped cookies, and use on the second sheet of cookies. With a wet index finger, make a well in the center of each daisy, being careful not to break through to the paper. Bake until meringue is dry in the center, about 1 hour. Remove to a rack to cool completely.nWith a pastry bag fitted with a 11 plain tip, pipe 14 teaspoon of lemon curd in the center of each daisy. Chill cookies to set curd, about 5 minutes.nCombine yolks, sugar, lemon zest, and lemon juice in a small saucepan. Whisk to combine. Set over medium heat, and stir constantly with a wooden spoon, making sure to stir sides and bottom of pan. Cook until mixture is thick enough to coat back of spoon, about 5 to 7 minutes.nRemove saucepan from heat. Add the butter, one piece at a time, stirring with the wooden spoon until consistency is smooth.nTransfer mixture to a medium bowl. Lay a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the curd to avoid a skin from forming wrap tightly. Let cool refrigerate until firm and chilled. Store in airtight container for up to 2 days.nYield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 1 cup granulated sugar, Lemon Curd, recipe follows, 3 large egg yolks, 6 tablespoons sugar, 12 lemon, zested, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice about 2 lemons, 4 tablespoons chilled butter cut into small pieces], title: Meringue Daisies, picturelink: null}, 39954: {instructions: Mix together sauce ingredients and reserve.nBring pasta water to a boil, salt water and cook spaghetti to al dente.nWhile pasta cooks, heat a tablespoon of vegetable oil in a large, nonstick skillet over high heat. When oil ripples, add beaten eggs and scramble them to light golden brown, remove and reserve.nSeason the meat with salt, pepper and coriander. Heat the remaining vegetable oil to a ripple, then add meat and stirfry 4 minutes, push meat to the side and add ginger, garlic and veggies. Stirfry veggies 2 minutes, then drain and add pasta and eggs back to skillet. Pour sauce over the spaghetti and toss to combine. Turn off pan. Toss 30 seconds and let the liquids absorb., ingredients: [3 rounded tablespoons hoisin sauce, 3 tablespoons dark soy, eyeball it, 3 tablespoons water, eyeball it, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, eyeball it, 1 pound spaghetti, Salt, 14 cup vegetable oil, divided, 2 large eggs, beaten, 3 chicken breast cutlets, thinly sliced into strips, 3 thin cut pork chops, thinly sliced into strips, Black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 inches fresh ginger, chopped or grated, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 6 scallions, cut into 3inch lengths then sliced lengthwise, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, cut into quarters, seeded, then sliced, 1 small can sliced water chestnuts, 2 cups fresh bean sprouts, 4 generous handfuls or 12 pound shredded cabbage, your choice], title: Everything Lo Mein, picturelink: null}, 39955: {instructions: Put the cider in a large saucepan. Strip the peel from the orange in long strips with a vegetable peeler, taking care not to take off the bitter white pith. Add to the pan. Then squeeze the orange juice into the cider straining out the seeds. Add cinnamon sticks, cloves, and star anise.nHeat cider over medium heat, then simmer very gently until fragrant, about 15 minutes. Serve.nCopyright 2009, Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [4 cups apple cider, 1 orange, 2 cinnamon sticks, 4 whole cloves, 2 star anise], title: Mulled Cider, picturelink: null}, 39956: {instructions: For the Gratin: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the potatoes into 14inch slices. Slice the leeks into thin circles. Mix the butter and the garlic together and set aside. Season the cream with salt, white pepper, and nutmeg. Layer the potatoes, the leeks, the garlic butter, and then the cream, alternating until the potatoes are lightly covered with the cream. Bake for 30 minutes.nFor the Lamb: Sear the lamb in olive oil in a roasting pan until golden, fat side down first. Remove and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Brush the mustard onto both sides of the seared lamb. Season with salt and pepper. Mix together all of the herbs. Dredge both sides of the lamb in the herbs, pressing lightly so the herbs adhere. In the same roasting pan the lamb was cooked in, add the 20 cloves of garlic and place the lamb on top. Cook in the oven for 15 minutes or until mediumrare. When cooked remove the lamb from the roasting pan and wrap in aluminum foil to rest.nPlace the roasting pan on top of the stove over medium heat. Remove the garlic and set aside. Discard all the fat. Add the thyme, white wine, and the stock and reduce by half.nPlace half of the roasted garlic in a blender. Add the reduced stock and wine mixture and puree until smooth. Add the tablespoon of butter and pulse to incorporate. Season with salt and pepper.nTo Serve: Place a large scoop of the gratin in the center of a plate. Slice the lamb every two chops and place on top of the gratin. Pour the sauce over the lamb and garnish with the remaining roasted garlic and your favorite seasonal vegetables., ingredients: [4 baking potatoes, like russets, 4 small leeks, white part only, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 12 quart heavy cream, Salt, White pepper, Nutmeg, 2 racks of lamb, fat cap removed, frenched, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chervil leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 20 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups lamb stock or veal stock, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Crusted Fresh Herbed Rack of Lamb with Potato Leek Gratin and Roasted Garlic Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39957: {instructions: Position a rack about 8 inches from the broiler and preheat.nMelt the butter in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and season with 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions get very soft, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the eggs and milk in a medium bowl with the remaining 14 teaspoon salt and some pepper until smooth. Transfer onions to a bowl to cool. Reserve the skillet.nStir the onions, ham, herbs and cheese into the eggs.nHeat the nonstick skillet. Pour the frittata mixture into the pan and stir to make sure the fillings are evenly arranged. Cook, stirring gently a couple times in the first minutes of cooking. Then let the mixture cook undisturbed until the bottom sets, about 5 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven and broil until the eggs are just set and brown, about 5 minutes. Take care not to overcook or the eggs will be dry. Remove from the oven, cover, and set aside for 5 minutes.nInvert the frittata onto a large plate or platter. Cut into wedges and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion, sliced, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 large eggs, 14 cup milk, 1 cup diced ham, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs, like parsley, thyme, or dill, 1 cup grated Swiss or cheddar cheese], title: Onion, Ham, and Cheese Frittata, picturelink: null}, 39958: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil and lightly oil the foil.nMelt the butter in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the pepitas, toss to coat in the butter and then add the sugar, cinnamon, ginger, allspice, cloves and 1 teaspoon salt. Spread the pepitas on the prepared baking sheet in 1 layer and bake, stirring once or twice, until golden brown all over, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool completely., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for the baking sheet, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 12 cups fresh pumpkin seeds pepitas, cleaned of any large chunks of pumpkin, but some pulp is okay, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, Kosher salt], title: Sweet and Salty Pepitas, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 39959: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F and butter a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Cook macaroni according to package directions. Drain.nIn a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot, saute the bacon until crisp. Remove bacon with a slotted spoon and reserve. Saute the onion in the bacon drippings until soft. Add the 5 tablespoons butter to the onion mixture and melt the butter stirring with a wooden spoon.nUsing a whisk, add the flour, and stir constantly until well mixed with the fat making a roux. Whisk in the mustard. Gradually add the milk and cream whisking constantly.nAdd the thyme, bay leaf, and salt. Let come to a simmer and stir frequently for 15 minutes.nStrain the hot milk mixture into a metal bowl and discard the solids. Working quickly, mix in 1 cup fontina, blue cheese, 12 cup Gruyere, 12 cup white Cheddar, 12 cup Parmesan, the reserved bacon, and parsley. Continue to stir until all cheese is melted.nAdd the cooked noodles to the cheese mixture to coat. Add the noodle mixture to the prepared baking dish. Mix the remaining cheese and bread crumbs together and sprinkle on top of the noodles. Bake for about 15 to 20 minutes or until bubbling and golden brown. Remove from oven when done and rest for 5 minutes., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 16ounce package macaroni cellentani or other curly noodle, 14 pound bacon, diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more to butter baking dish, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 12 cups whole milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups grated fontina, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 34 cup grated Gruyere, 34 cup grated white Cheddar Australian, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley, 14 cup bread crumbs], title: Cheese Lovers 5 Cheese Mac and Cheese, picturelink: QKxQaG4voF.iQtSHetzWtP6DaZ1CR6G}, 39960: {instructions: Debone the duck and cut it into 4 pieces, reserving the bones for later use. In a large bowl, combine the fivespice blackening powder, sugar, and tea. Place the duck pieces in the bowl, and let the meat marinate for 1 hour. Heat a grill pan or large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add enough oil to coat the surface of the pan, and let the oil heat. Season the duck pieces with salt, if desired. Carefully add the duck pieces to the pan and reduce the heat to medium. Grill until cooked to desired degree of doneness, turning each piece with tongs halfway through cooking. Serve with Citrus Sauce, Couscous, baby spinach and mango slices, if desired.nCombine the citrus juices and zest, sugar, mustard, and eggs, and whisk well. Slowly drizzle in the oil, whisking constantly until the mixture becomes thick. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Drizzle sauce over duck.nToast the trail mix in a dry medium skillet over mediumlow heat until fragrant and golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the dry couscous to the skillet and continue to toast the mixture for an additional 2 to 3 minutes, stirring with a wooden spoon. Remove pan from heat. In a large saucepot, combine the chicken stock and the duck stock and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the toasted trail mix and couscous mixture to the pot. Stir until incorporated and then cover the pot with a lid. Lower the heat to mediumlow and allow the couscous to simmer until it absorbs the liquid. Fluff couscous with a fork and serve.nPlace the duck bones in a large pot and add enough water to cover bones. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and then reduce the heat to a simmer, stirring occasionally. Let simmer for 2 hours. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 whole duck, 1 tablespoon fivespice blackening powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup lemongrass tea, strained and cooled, Vegetable oil, for grilling, Salt, for seasoning, Citrus sauce, recipe follows, Couscous, recipe follows, baby spinach, and mango slices, 1 lime, juiced, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 pound trail mix, 1 pound plain couscous, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup duck stock, recipe follows, Bones of 1 whole duck, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: FiveSpice Grilled Duck with Citrus Sauce and Couscous, picturelink: null}, 39961: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nCombine the strawberries, sugar, balsamic vinegar and basil. Let sit for a few minutes, stirring occasionally, to allow the juices to come out of the berries.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, milk and melted butter to make a batter. Spoon out dollops of batter onto the prepared baking sheets and shape into rounds. Space the batter dollops out about 1 12 inches apart. Do not overcrowd the sheets. You may have to bake in batches if all the batter does not fit on the 2 baking sheets. Bake the shortcakes until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool on a wire rack.nSlice each shortcake in half lengthwise and top the bottom half with some strawberries. Place other half of cake on top, and top with whipped cream. Serve immediately.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [3 pounds strawberries, stemmed and sliced, 1 12 cups sugar, 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 bunch fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced, 6 cups cake flour, 34 cup milk, 1 stick plus 1 tablespoon butter, melted, Whipped cream, sweetened with sugar, to serve], title: Stacked Strawberry Shortcakes, picturelink: xm8ztHj1EtsZZdvA15sLE9dATCHHC}, 39962: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, thoroughly combine butter, brown sugar, pecans and coconut to make a crumb topping. Place sweet potato rounds in a single layer in a large, lightly greased ovenproof dish. Cover with sugarpecan mixture and bake until sweet potatoes are heated through and topping is melted., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 cup coconut, 2 trays sweet potato rounds found in meat department recommended: McKenzies Sweet Potato Rounds], title: Angelas Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 39963: {instructions: Make the sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onion and 2 teaspoons salt cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until the oil is red, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the pork and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the meat is cooked through, about 10 minutes.nAdd the crushed tomatoes and their juices and 1 cup water to the pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is reduced by onethird, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the meatballs: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Mix the ground pork, 1 tablespoon salt, the cherry peppers and their pickling liquid, the bread and eggs with your hands until combined. Roll into 24 golf ballsize meatballs.nCoat a rimmed baking sheet with the olive oil, then put the meatballs on it and bake until firm and cooked through, about 14 minutes let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheet.nDivide the meatballs among bowls and top with the sauce. Serve with polenta, if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, finely diced, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 pound ground pork shoulder, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 2 28ounce cans whole San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, 2 pounds ground pork shoulder, Kosher salt, 3 to 4 pickled hot cherry peppers, minced, plus 2 to 3 tablespoons pickling liquid from the jar, 4 slices white bread, finely chopped, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Polenta, for serving optional], title: Pork Meatballs With Spicy Sauce, picturelink: dP6biYwaycJNvPiwoP3GAzgrTGVtjC}, 39964: {instructions: Make the casserole: Melt the butter in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the diced onion cook, stirring, until softened, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the mushrooms saute until softened and most of the liquid has evaporated, 10 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the broth and halfandhalf. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans and cook until crisptender, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain shake off any excess water and add to the mushroom sauce. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the beans are very tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nMake the topping: Soak the sliced onion in the buttermilk, 5 minutes. Combine the flour and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Heat 2 to 3 inches vegetable oil in a large pot until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches, drain the onion, toss with the flour and shake off the excess, then fry until golden, 4 to 6 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nTransfer the green bean mixture to a 4quart baking dish and top with the fried onion. The casserole and topping can be made up to 2 hours ahead refrigerate the casserole. Bring to room temperature reheat at 350 degrees F, 30 minutes. Top with the fried onion bake 5 more minutes.nPhotograph by Chris Court, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 white onion, diced, 4 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups lowsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 12 cup halfandhalf, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds green beans, trimmed and halved, Freshly ground pepper, For the topping:, 1 white onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Green BeanMushroom Casserole, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 39965: {instructions: Heat the oil in a 10inch skillet over moderate heat for about 2 minutes or until an almond, dropped into the oil sizzles gently. Add half of the almonds to the oil and saute, stirring often, 4 to 5 minutes over moderately low heat until the color of light caramel. Using a slotted spoon or a spider, transfer the almonds into a colander set over a heatproof bowl shake to drain off as much oil as possible, then drain on paper toweling. Reheat the oil in the skillet and fry and drain the remaining almonds the same way.nSprinkle with salt and cayenne and toss well store in an airtight canister., ingredients: [1 12 cups olive oil, 1 pound blanched whole almonds, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Ferreiras Olive Oil Sauteed Almonds, picturelink: null}, 39966: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Add the hot stock, milk, and cream and whisk until the sauce begins to thicken. Cook for 5 minutes, whisking occasionally.nRemove from the heat and whisk in the cheeses and season with salt and pepper. Add the parsley, thyme, tarragon, and pasta and stir until combined. Chop the lobster into bitesized pieces and fold into the pasta. Divide into bowls.nFor the crumb topping: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the breadcrumbs on a sheet pan and toast until barely golden, stirring once or twice, about 10 minutes. Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the anchovies and stir a minute or 2 to warm through. Add the breadcrumbs, season with salt and pepper, and cook, tossing, until warm and slightly crisp. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley and lemon zest. Sprinkle generously over the pasta.nHeat the oil in a large stockpot over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until soft. Add the wine, bring to a boil, add the mussels, cover and cook until the mussels have opened. Remove the mussels to a bowl for another use, and then strain the broth into a saucepan., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons flour, 3 cups Mussel Stock, heated, recipe follows, 2 cups whole milk, heated, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, heated, 1 12 pounds fontina, coarsely grated, 1 pound taleggio, rind removed, cut into pieces, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon, 1 pound large pasta shells, cooked in salted water to al dente, Two 2pound lobsters, steamed, meat removed from shells, 1 12 cups coarse breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced anchovy, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 shallots, coarsely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 pounds mussels, scrubbed], title: Lobster Mac and Cheese, picturelink: SaYyNYaMbVdqfKvoQI9pqnfoPKjuPRy}, 39967: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 20 small skewers or cocktail toothpicksnFill a pitcher with hot water. Dip a knife into the hot water and slice the goat cheese log in half lengthwise. Slice each half into 10 pieces making sure to dip the knife into the hot water in between slicing to ensure a nice clean cut. Roll each piece of goat cheese into balls approximately 12inch in diameter and put onto a cookie sheet lined with waxed paper.nAdd the chopped pistachio nuts to a shallow bowl. Roll a goat cheese ball into the pistachio nuts and coat 12 of the ball. Return to the sheet pan and repeat with the remaining goat cheese balls.nDrain the oil from the tomatoes and put onto a plate lined with a paper towel.nSkewer a goat cheese ball onto the skewer. Lay a basil leaf on top a sundried tomato. Fold the tomato in half around the basil leaf and add to the skewer with the goat cheese. Repeat with remaining skewers. Arrange on a serving platter, cover and keep refrigerated until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 8ounce log fresh goat cheese, chilled, 1 cup pistachio nuts, finely chopped, 20 sundried tomatoes packed in oil, 12 bunch fresh basil leaves], title: SunDried Tomato and Goat Cheese Skewers, picturelink: td3QwNBf7gQ2Qmp.E48i.MQLvZjgoa}, 39968: {instructions: To Make the Crust:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line an 8inch springform pan or cake pan with parchment.nIn a food processor combine the graham crackers, butter, sugar and salt, until the mixture resembles cornmeal. Press the crumbs into the bottom of the pan, and bake for 10 to 15 minutes, or just until it starts to turn golden brown. Cool the crust completely, then freeze the crust.nTo Make the Cheesecake Batter:nCream together the cream cheese, sour cream, sugar, salt, eggs, vanilla, lemon juice and cornstarch, until very smooth, scraping down the bowl as needed. Divide the batter equally into 3 bowls. Add the raspberry preserves and a drop of red dye to one. Add the scraped vanilla bean to the next. Add the blueberry preserves and blue dye to the last bowl.nPour the red layer over the frozen crust and return to the freezer for about 30 minutes, or until the batter is slightly firm to the touch. While this layer is chilling, place the other bowls of batter in the freezer to allow them to set as well.nOnce the red layer feels thick, but not frozen solid, very carefully pour the white batter over the red. Do this very slowly, in small amounts, so that it doesnt break the surface of the red layer. Freeze the pan again for about 20 minutes. Check to make sure the blue batter isnt setting too firmly in the freezer if it is, move it to the refrigerator.nTurn the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nAdd the blue layer in the same careful way. Place the pan on a baking sheet. Place in the oven, then pour hot water in the baking sheet, which will help the cake bake evenly. If you are using the springform pan, you will need to cover the bottom of the springform pan with foil, to prevent any water from seeping in. Bake for 1 12 to 2 hours, or when it is set in the middle.nWhen the cake is set in the middle, remove from the oven and allow to cool to room temperature, then refrigerate for several hours.nRun a hot knife blade around the edge before removing the cake from the pan. If you are using a regular cake pan, you will need to heat the bottom quickly over the stove, then cover the top with plastic, invert onto a plate and finally transfer to the serving platter. Refrigerate the cake while you make the topping.nIn a small bowl add the gelatin to the cold water, stir to combine and allow to bloom for several minutes. Once the water has absorbed all the gelatin, add it to the hot simple syrup. If you made the simple syrup ahead, heat it. Add the blueberry preserves and transfer to a clean bowl to cool.nOnce the glaze has come to room temperature, it will thicken, but still be pourable.nPlace the blueberries on top of the cake.nPour the thickened glaze over the berries. It will run down the sides, which I think is quite pretty. Refrigerate until the glaze has set a bit. If you prefer clean sides, use a hot metal spatula to scrape the excess off the sides this is very easy to do.nUse a hot blade to cut the cake to keep the stripes distinct, and enjoy, ingredients: [10 whole graham crackers, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup brown sugar, Pinch salt, 4 8ounce packages of cream cheese, room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, 1 cup, plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 3 teaspoons cornstarch, 14 cup raspberry preserves, 12 vanilla bean, 14 cup blueberry preserves, 1 drop each blue and red food coloring, if you want to boost the color of your stripes, 14 cup cold water, 1 teaspoon gelatin, 12 cup simple syrup boil 14 cup sugar with 14 cup water until sugar dissolves, 12 cup blueberry preserves], title: July 4th Red, White and Blue Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 39969: {instructions: Put 12 ounces chopped semisweet chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Bring 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter and a pinch of salt to a simmer in a saucepan pour over the chocolate. Let sit until melted, then stir until smooth. Add 14 cup espresso and 1 teaspoon vanilla stir until smooth and shiny. Pour into a shallow baking dish and refrigerate until firm, at least 3 hours. Roll tablespoonfuls of the chocolate into about 20 balls, then roll in shredded coconut, cocoa powder or crushed peppermint candies. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nPhotograph by Jeff Harris, ingredients: [], title: Mocha Truffles, picturelink: null}, 39970: {instructions: For the orange cream: Whisk together heavy cream, sugar, and orange zest in a bowl until the mixture is well combined and soft peaks form when the whisk is removed. Chill the whipped cream in the refrigerator until ready to use.nFor the vermicelli: Heat the ghee in pan over a medium heat. Add the flaked almonds and raisins or sultanas, and fry for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the almonds are golden brown. Add the vermicelli, and stirfry for 2 to 3 minutes, or until golden brown. Add the sugar, reduce the heat to low, and stir well until it has dissolved.nAdd the water, and stir well, then cover the pan with a lid, and simmer on the lowest heat for 5 to 6 minutes, or until the vermicelli strands are soft. Add water as necessary to stop the mixture from drying out. Turn off the heat and steam the vermicelli mixture over the residual heat for 3 to 4 minutes. When cooked through, separate the vermicelli strands with a fork and gently fluff them.nTo serve the dish, divide the sweet angel hair vermicelli among 4 serving dishes. Place a spoonful of the chilled orange cream on top of each serving. Garnish the whipped cream with more flaked almonds., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 3 teaspoons sugar, 1 14 teaspoons orange zest, 3 tablespoons ghee clarified butter, 1 tablespoon flaked blanched and sliced almonds, plus extra, for garnish, 2 teaspoons raisins or sultanas golden raisins, 4 12 ounces very thin vermicelli, also known as seviyan, 4 12 ounces sugar, 10 12 ounces water, plus more, if necessary], title: Sweet Angel Hair Vermicelli, picturelink: null}, 39971: {instructions: Peel and pit the avocado. With a fork, coarsely mash the eggs and avocado to mix but leave chunky. Season with salt and pepper. Spread egg mixture evenly on bottom half of the 4 rolls. Place two slices each of ham and tomato and top with greens. Season again with salt and pepper replace tops and serve., ingredients: [4 hard boiled eggs, 1 small avocado, 8 thin slices Serrano ham, 8 thin slices tomato, Mesclun greens, salt and pepper, 4 croissant rolls, split], title: Green Eggs and Ham, picturelink: null}, 39972: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook the ramen noodles according to the package instructions, strain and rinse well under cold water. Set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet over high heat until shimmering. Add the ground pork and 2 teaspoons ginger and cook, breaking up the pork with the back of a wooden spoon, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons of the soy sauce, the chopped pickles, 3 tablespoons of the pickle brine, and 14 cup water. Scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the skillet and continue to cook until the liquid evaporates from the pan and the meat begins to brown again, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat.nWhisk 4 tablespoons water with the remaining 4 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons pickle brine, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, the hot sesame oil and the remaining 1 teaspoon ginger in a large bowl until well combined. Add the noodles and toss to coat. Top with the pork, toss to combine and serve immediately., ingredients: [Three 3ounce packages instant ramen noodles, flavor packets discarded, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 pound ground pork, 1 tablespoon peeled, grated fresh ginger, 6 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 13 cup chopped bread and butter pickles, plus 6 tablespoons brine, 2 tablespoons hot sesame oil], title: Shortcut DanDan Noodles, picturelink: LKjkWi5E5x4DiNp7Rqj6vLawgqwjEI2}, 39973: {instructions: In a medium bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the butter until light and smooth. Beat in 3 cups powdered sugar, milk and vanilla until smooth and creamy.nBeat in the strawberry fruit spread or jam into the vanilla frosting. Mix in the remaining 1 cup powdered sugar, plus extra, as needed, until smooth and creamy., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 4 cups powdered sugar, plus extra, as needed, 14 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 to 3 tablespoons strawberry fruit spread or jam], title: Strawberry Frosting, picturelink: yY36Pw7t5wKutSKN27.LwrbSHldEuq}, 39974: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the buttermilk, sour cream, and blue cheese crumbles in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Arrange the vegetables on a platter and serve with the dipper., ingredients: [12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup sour cream, 4 ounces, about 1 cup, tangy blue cheese crumbles recommended: Maytag blue, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Radishes, for dipping, Tomatoes, for dipping, Scallions, for dipping, Carrot sticks, for dipping, Celery sticks, for dipping], title: Raw Vegetable Salad and Big Blue Dipper, picturelink: b7joWHKXSI.mnqcepJgAuTxVwu.7LOm}, 39975: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in sauce pot over medium heat and add the scallions. Season with salt and pepper and saute 2 to 3 minutes. Add stock and bring to a boil, secure tea bag to handle of the pot, and let steep for 1 minute. Remove the tea bag, stir in honey and couscous. Turn off the heat, stir in mint, and cover the pot. Let couscous stand 5 minutes, then fluff with fork and transfer to a serving bowl. Add the cucumber and lemon and lime juice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, toss to combine and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 scallions, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 1 singleserve bag green tea, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 12 cups couscous, 12 cup finely chopped mint leaves, a couple of handfuls, 12 seedless cucumber, peeled and chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 lime, juiced], title: Green Tea Couscous, picturelink: null}, 39976: {instructions: Blend 15 to 20 seconds, use a spatula to remove the thick and creamy smoothie from the blender., ingredients: [8 ounces crushed ice, 1 ounce strawberry juice, 4 strawberries, 12 banana, 11 ounces plain nonfat frozen yogurt, Fusion Boosters ginseng, bee pollen, multivitimin, ginko biloba, lecithin, andor soy protein], title: Strawberry Banana Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 39977: {instructions: Remove the neck, giblets and any excess fat from the turkey discard. Remove and discard the plastic popup thermometer. Rinse the turkey under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Refrigerate overnight, uncovered, to let the turkey dry. It must be completely dry before frying, or the oil will splatter.nFill a turkey fryer with the vegetable oil according to the manufacturers instructions and heat to 400 degrees F.nMeanwhile, mix the Cajun seasoning and granulated onion in a small bowl. Rub the spice mixture inside the turkey cavity and all over the skin. Make sure the hole at the neck is open at least 2 inches so the oil can flow through the bird.nPlace the turkey in the drain basket, neckend first, and slowly lower the basket into the hot oil until the turkey is completely submerged. Once the oil temperature climbs back up to 350 degrees F, start timing: Fry the turkey until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 180 degrees F, about 3 12 minutes per pound. A 12pound bird will take about 50 minutes from the time you lower it into the oil.nCarefully remove the basket from the oil and transfer to a paper towellined baking sheet to drain. Let the turkey rest at least 30 minutes. Make sure that all of the oil has drained out of the cavity, then transfer to a platter.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 12pound turkey thawed if frozen, 2 to 3 gallons vegetable oil, 12 cup Cajun or Creole seasoning, 1 tablespoon granulated onion], title: DeepFried Turkey, picturelink: vhI9SvYh5kq4SMXQJLHy6EGFyqTeam}, 39978: {instructions: In a heavy medium skillet, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat. Add onions and saute until softened and caramelized. Remove onions from skillet. Add remaining tablespoon oil to skillet and heat. Add diced potatoes in an even layer in the skillet, season with salt and pepper and cook until the potatoes begin to brown on the bottom, 6 to 7 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally to prevent sticking. Add onions back to skillet, press into a pancake. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 large baking potato, baked, peeled, and diced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Hash Browns, picturelink: null}, 39979: {instructions: If using gelatin sheets, soak them in a bowl of cold water for about 10 minutes, then squeeze out the excess water. If using powdered gelatin, mix it with the tangerine juice and let sit for 5 minutes. Heat the tangerine juice, zest and sugar in a saucepan, stirring, until the mixture is warm and the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and dissolve the gelatin in the juice mixture.nPour into serving glasses or bowls. Refrigerate until set, about 4 hours. Serve with whipped cream and cookies., ingredients: [Eight 2gram sheets gelatin or 2 tablespoons30ml powdered gelatin, 4 cups fresh honey tangerine juice 12 to 15 tangerines, Zest of 1 honey tangerine, 12 cup125ml sugar, Whipped cream, for serving, Cookies, for serving], title: Honey Tangerine Gelatin, picturelink: null}, 39980: {instructions: Place all the ingredients in a non reactive container and keep cold in the refrigerator for 24 hours. Remove from the refrigerator and drain all the liquid and set aside.nSauce: In a saute pan with tablespoon of oil, bring up to high heat and add the first 4 ingredients. Toss until they are blackened. Let cool and in a food processor, place all blackened vegetables and remaining ingredients and pulse to medium chop the vegetables. Toss well and chill. Fold scallops into mixture and serve., ingredients: [1 pound fresh scallops, 1 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 3 tablespoons diced red onion, 2 tablespoons diced serrano peppers, 3 tablespoons diced cachucha peppers, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound tomatillos, 12 pound Roma tomatoes, 1 red onion, 1 jalapeno pepper, 12 cup lime juice, 1 teaspoon truffle oil, 1 bunch cilantro, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Scallop Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 39981: {instructions: On 12 of the shrimp, remove all but the tail, then butterfly, devein, and set aside.nFor the shrimp filling: Peel the remaining shrimp, devein and mince into a paste. Mix with ginger, chives, chipotle sauce, salt, and pepper. Adjust seasoning after sauteeing a small amount of the mixture and tasting.nFor the glue paste: Mix together the flour and water to form a paste. Cut the spring roll wrappers on the diagonal to create 2 triangles. Take a teaspoon of the shrimp filling and lay it into the cut of a butterflied shrimp. Repeat with the remaining shrimp and filling. Place the shrimp on the base edge of a spring roll triangle with the tail sticking out and the apex to the top. Roll the shrimp to 23 along the base, then fold over the top of the triangle to enclose the shrimp. Roll to the ends and secure with the glue. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 2 days.nFor the aioli: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nRoast the garlic and olive oil in a small pan for 45 minutes, or until soft. Remove from heat, cool and mash. Add mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, garlic chives, chipotle sauce, and salt. Refrigerate until ready to use.nHeat oil to 365 degrees F.nFry shrimp for 3 minutes, or until brown. Remove from oil and drain on a paper towel lined plate. Let cool for a few minutes. Serve with aioli sauce., ingredients: [36 Mexican shrimp, 16 to 20 size, 2 14 teaspoons minced ginger, 1 12 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 18 teaspoons chipotle sauce, Kosher salt, White pepper, 1 12 tablespoons flour, 1 14 tablespoons water, 9 large square spring roll wrappers, 1 18 quarts vegetable oil, 6 cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 38 cup mayonnaise, 38 cup sour cream, 34 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 12 stalks garlic chives, chopped, 3 tablespoons chipotle sauce, to taste, Salt], title: Shrimp Lumpia with Chipotle Aioli, picturelink: null}, 39982: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper and dredge in the flour, shaking off the excess. Add 2 tablespoons oil to the pan. Place the chicken in the skillet smoothside down and cook until golden, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a baking dish and bake until cooked through, about 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the onion and apple to the skillet, along with 1 tablespoon oil, if the pan is dry, and increase the heat to high. Cook, tossing, until the onion has wilted slightly and the apple is golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add the vinegar and use a wooden spoon to scrape up the browned bits from the pan. Let the mixture boil until the vinegar becomes syrupy, about 1 minute. Add the chicken broth and return to a boil. Cook until the broth reduces by half.nRemove from the heat, season with salt and pepper and whisk in the butter. Remove the chicken from the oven add any collected juices to the sauce. Divide the chicken among four plates and spoon the apple, onion and pan sauce over each piece. Sprinkle with the parsley.nPhotograph by Antonis Achiellos, ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 2 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large red onion, cut into large pieces, 1 sweet cooking apple, cored and cut into large pieces, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 1 handful fresh parsley, roughly chopped], title: Chicken with Apple, Onion and Cider Sauce, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 39983: {instructions: In a medium saucepan bring salted water to a roiling boil add cabbage. Cook until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Shock in ice water and drain. In a medium size saucepan add cabbage and heat remaining ingredients together. Season and serve.nMelt butter with olive oil. Add vegetables and cook for 8 minutes over high heat. Add wine, thyme and reduce by half. Add veal stock and reduce until saucelike consistency. Steep tea in sauce for 5 minutes. Strain through chinois and serve.nTrout: Lightly season the inside of the trout with all the spices, herbs, tea, and orange.nClose the trout and lightly press on the fish. This will help to keep the fish sealed while cooking. Heat butter and oil in a saute pan and when smoking hot, place trout in pan.nCook until golden brown on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from pan and cut into 3 even pieces. Spoon a little of the warm cabbage salad in the middle of warm dinner plates. Arrange the pieces of trout around cabbage and spoon some of the sauce around the plate and garnish in the center with chervil. Serve., ingredients: [1 boneless Idaho trout, 14 teaspoon diced candied orange, Small pinch ground clove, Small pinch ground cinnamon, Small pinch ground WuWei tea Earl Grey may be substituted, Pinch fresh thyme, Salt and pepper, 3 ounces melted cabbage, recipe follows, 3 ounces red wine sauce, recipe follows, Chervil pluches, for garnish, 14 head Napa cabbage cut into medium sized pieces, 1 tablespoon cooked lardons smoked bacon, 1 teaspoon brunoise carrots, 1 tablespoon creme fraiche, 1ounce medium diced cooked potatoes, 1 teaspoon parsley puree, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1ounce olive oil, 1 carrot medium dice, 1 medium onion, medium dice, 1 celery stalk, medium dice, 10 ounces red wine, 1 sprig thyme, 1 quart reduced veal stock, 1 tablespoon WuWei], title: Boneless Idaho Trout with Orange, Clove, Cinnamon, and Wuwei Tea, picturelink: null}, 39984: {instructions: Puree strawberries with sugar in a food processor or blender and pass through a sieve.nIn a saucepan heat the jelly with Kirsch just until dissolved. Remove from heat and add pureed strawberries and orange juice. Return saucepan to the heat and thin mixture with more juice to make a souplike mixture heat just until warm  dont overheat or you will destroy the flavor of the fruit.nLadle out soup and float melon balls over the top., ingredients: [4 cups strawberries, rinsed, hulled, 12 cup superfine sugar, 14 cup raspberry or red currant jelly, 2 tablespoons Kirschwasser, Triple Sec or Cointreau, 14 cup orange juice or more to taste, 1 large Casaba or 2 ripe cantaloupe, seeded and cut into cubes or spheres when you cut them with a melon baller], title: Strawberry Soup with Melon Balls, picturelink: null}, 39985: {instructions: Combine chipotles, tomatoes, garlic and water in medium saucepan. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until reduced by 13, about 20 minutes. Cool. Transfer to processor. Puree until smooth. Strain.nHeat oil in heavy large skillet over medium high heat. Add onion and celery and saute until tender, about 10 minutes. Add cumin and nutmeg and stir 1 minute. Remove from heat. Transfer to large bowl. Cool.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Add beef, pork, bread crumbs and salt to onion mixture. Add 12 cup chipotle sauce. Mix until well blended. Add eggs and mix well. Press mixture into 9x5inch loaf pan. Brush top with some of remaining chipotle sauce. Bake meatloaf until thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 160 degrees F, about 1 hour. Transfer to rack. Cool slightly. Drain off any oil. Turn meatloaf out onto platter. Serve with remaining salsa., ingredients: [1 ounce dried chipotle chilies, stemmed, 2 ripe Italian Roma tomatoes, cored, 3 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 3 celery stalks, diced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 114 pounds ground beef, 114 pounds ground pork, 12 cup fresh white bread crumbs, 112 teaspoons salt, 3 large eggs, beaten to blend], title: Spicy Meatloaf with Chipotle Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39986: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a kitchen torch and a 3inch round cutternPipe a disc of mousse about 4 inches in diameter onto a dessert plate. Place a graham cracker on top of the mousse. Dust the plate with cocoa powder. Torch the top of a marshmallow carefully and transfer to the graham cracker, toastedside up. Top with 2 chocolatecovered biscuits and serve. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nPut the chocolate, butter, salt and vanilla in the top of a double boiler or heatproof bowl over simmering water. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment whip the cream with 1 tablespoon of the sugar until thick but still smooth. Scrape it into a bowl, put it in the fridge, then clean the stand mixer bowl and whisk really well.nIn the cleaned stand mixer bowl using the clean whisk attachment, whip the egg whites, lemon juice, and 1 tablespoon of the sugar until you have a fluffy meringue, 710 minutes. Set aside at room temperature.nWithout cleaning the bowl, whip the egg yolks and remaining 1 tablespoon sugar until light and fluffy. This will take a few minutes, so go stir your chocolate. If its melted, pull it off the heat and set it aside.nWhen the yolks are light, creamy yellow, and fluffy and the chocolate is slightly warmer than room temperature, fold them together. Next, fold in the meringue, and finally, fold in the whipped cream.nTransfer to a pastry bag and set aside.nAdapted from Duff Bakes: Think and Bake Like a Pro at Home by Duff Goldman u00a9 William Morrow 2015. Provided courtesy of Duff Goldman. All rights reserved.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the butter, sugars, salt, vanilla, cinnamon, and nutmeg until creamy and smooth.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flours, baking soda, and baking powder. With the mixer running, add the dry mixture to the butter mixture in stages, alternating with the cream. Wrap the dough tightly in plastic wrap and chill in the fridge for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit.nArrange a little bowl of cinnamon sugar, a little bowl of cream, and a pastry brush on a work surface.nOn a floured surface, roll half the dough out 18inchthick and just larger than your baking sheet. Cut it into a large rectangle that will fit whole onto the baking sheet. Transfer the dough to the baking sheet, score the dough evenly with a 3 inch round cutter and dock prick each circle with a fork with 2 intersecting lines. Brush the whole surface of the dough with cream, then sprinkle cinnamon sugar all over it.nBake for 8 minutes  10 minutes tops  until no longer glossy. Let the graham sheet cool completely, then separate the rounds along the score marks you may need the circle cutter again to complete. Repeat rolling and baking with the remaining dough.nAdapted from Duff Bakes: Think and Bake Like a Pro at Home by Duff Goldman u00a9 William Morrow 2015. Provided courtesy of Duff Goldman. All rights reserved.nLine a shallow 9 x 13inch baking dish with plastic wrap and dust it very generously with powdered sugar.nMake sure the bowl for the stand mixer and the whip are super, super clean.nIn a small bowl, bloom the gelatin in 34 cup cold water and set it aside.nFill a large bowl with cold water.nPut the granulated sugar, corn syrup, and 14 cup water in a medium saucepan and turn heat up to high. Attach a candy thermometer to the pan.nPut the egg whites in the stand mixer fitted with a whisk and begin whipping them slowly with a few drops lemon juice until foamy.nCook the sugar mixture to hardball stage, or 260 F. At exactly 260 F, pull the pan off the heat and cool the bottom of the pan in cool water.nOnce the hot sugar has cooled a bit, stir in the bloomed gelatin.nIncrease the speed of the mixer and add the vanilla to the egg whites, then slowly add the hot sugar mixture in a continuous stream, aiming it away from the whisk. Whip the hell out of it until it is bright white, shiny and stiff.nPull the marshmallow mixture off the mixer and quickly scrape the bowl clean into the plastic wrap lined dish. Dust the top of the marshmallow mixture with powdered sugar from a sieve and place another piece of plastic on top. Push out all the air and let the marshmallow mixture sit at room temperature for at least 6 hoursu00bfovernight is bestu00bfto relax, cool, and set up.nCut the marshmallows with a 3inch diameter round cookie cutter and lightly dust the cut edges with more powdered sugar to keep them from drying out. Keep your cutter or knife oiled to keep the marshmallows from sticking and tearing when you cut them.nAdapted from Duff Bakes: Think and Bake Like a Pro at Home by Duff Goldman u00a9 William Morrow 2015. Provided courtesy of Duff Goldman. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 recipe Chocolate Mousse, recipe follows, 1 recipe Graham Crackers, recipe follows, Cocoa powder, for garnish, 1 recipe Marshmallows, recipe follows, Chocolatecovered biscuit sticks, such as Pocky, 8 ounces chopped dark chocolate, 12 stick 14 cup butter, Pinch of kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, 7 extralarge eggs, separated, 5 drops lemon juice, 1 stick 12 cup butter, softened, 14 cup lightly packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, tiny pinch of ground nutmeg, 1 12 cups graham flour preferred or whole wheat flour, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, pinch of baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 cup heavy cream plus extra for brushing, Cinnamon sugar: 14 cup granulated sugar mixed with 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 4 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup powdered gelatin, 2 cups granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 2 extralarge egg whites, A few drops lemon juice, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Smores Through the Roof, picturelink: 0TxUdBpueDEGz5Iioim9uyyOTF0Q5Ni}, 39987: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSaute the olive oil, onions, and ginger in a large saute pan over mediumlow heat for 10 minutes, or until the onions are translucent. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the mangos, reduce the heat to low and cook for 10 more minutes. Add the orange juice, brown sugar, salt, black pepper, and jalapeno cook for 10 more minutes, until orange juice is reduced, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and add the mint. Serve warm, at room temperature, or chilled.nHeat a saute pan over high heat for 5 minutes until very hot. Season the tuna liberally with salt and pepper. When the pan is very hot, add a drizzle of olive oil and then the tuna steaks. Sear for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until the outside is browned, but the inside is very rare.nServe the tuna on top of the mango salsa., ingredients: [2 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for searing, 1 12 cups diced yellow onion 2 onions, 2 teaspoons peeled, minced fresh ginger, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 ripe mangos, peeled, seeded, and small diced, 13 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 teaspoons minced fresh jalapeno pepper, to taste 1 pepper, 2 teaspoons minced fresh mint leaves, 2 tuna steaks], title: Seared Tuna with Mango Salsa, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 39988: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet up a bowl of acidulated water: break the vitamin C capsules into a large bowl of water and squeeze in the juice from 2 of the lemons. Toss in the 4 halves of the squeezed lemon as well. Artichokes will turn brown oxidize before your eyes so you must, must, must set up this bowl of acidulated water firstnWorking with 1 artichoke at a time, peel off the tough green outer leaves to reveal the spring green color underneath. Trim off the tough outer layer of the stem and any brown spots. Cut the tip of the choke off. Artichokes have a lot of waste, accept it and move on. Very carefully, using a mandoline, very thin shave the artichokes and put them immediately into the lemon water. The artichokes are best when done at least a couple of hours ahead because they tenderize a little.nTo assemble the salad:nPut the artichokes in a salad spinner to remove they excess water. Put the artichokes, arugula and ParmigianoReggiano in a large serving bowl. Dress with the juice of the remaining lemon, finishing oil and salt, to taste. The salad should be welldressed and full flavored but not soggy.nServe immediately.nIts spring on a plate, ingredients: [2 vitamin C capsules, 3 lemons, halved, 10 baby artichokes, 14 pound piece ParmigianoReggiano, shaved with a peeler, 3 cups washed baby arugula, Big fat finishing extravirgin olive oil high quality, Kosher salt], title: Raw Artichoke and Parmigiano Salad, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 39989: {instructions: Add all wet ingredients except the oil which is a liquid but isnt wet to the work bowl of a food processor along with the salt, mustard and sugar. Pulse 5 times. Turn processor on and add oil in a steady stream until incorporated. Keep at room temperature for 2 hours. Refrigerate for up to 1 week.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 egg yolk, 1 whole egg, 1 teaspoon fine grain salt, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon sugar, Scant 2 cups safflower or corn oil 2 cups minus 2 to 3 tablespoons, 2 to 3 tablespoons chile oil], title: Party Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 39990: {instructions: Put the eggs, water, and 12 cup milk in a large bowl. Whisk until combined. Add the flour, cinnamon and salt and again whisk until combined. Whisk in the melted butter.nRefrigerate the batter for at least 12 hour.nHeat a 6inch nonstick pan over medium heat. Pour 2 tablespoons crepe batter into the pan and quickly rotate the pan so the batter forms a thin layer over the bottom of the pan. Return excess batter to the remaining batter. Cook the crepe for 1 to 2 minutes until it is golden brown. Loosen the edge of the crepe with a knife and using your fingers, invert the crepe and cook the other side for about 10 seconds.nContinue cooking crepes until you have at least 12.nMake sure the crepes are cool and then cover them with plastic wrap. Refrigerate until you are ready to serve them.nPeel the apples. Using a melon baller, scoop out the apple balls making sure you do not scoop into the core. Make 42 balls total.nCombine the cider, sugar, and water in a medium sized saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil and boil for about 30 seconds until the sugar dissolves.nReduce the cider mixture to a gentle boil. Place the apple balls in the cider syrup and cover them with parchment paper or a cloth towel. Poach the apple balls for about 5 minutes until the are soft. Be careful not to overpoach them as you want them to retain their shape. Poaching timing will depend on the variety of apple being used.nRemove the apples from the cider syrup, reserving the syrup. The apples can be poached ahead of time.nPlace the cider syrup in a large saute pan over medium heat. Place the crepes 1 at a time in the liquid, folding them into quarters once they have been coated with the syrup. Heat the crepes until they are warmed through.nPlace 2 crepes on each plate. Increase the heat to high and add the lemon juice, Calvados, salt and butter. Cook until the sauce thickens slightly. While the sauce is cooking place a pile of apple balls on top of the crepes in the middle of each plate. Pour the sauce over the crepes. Top with a tablespoon of creme fraiche. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 12 cup water, 12 cup milk plus 2 tablespoons, 1 cup all purpose flour, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, 1ounce unsalted butter, 3 apples Jonagold, Gala, Braeburn or Fuji, 12 cup hard apple cider, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Calvados, Pinch salt, 1ounce unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons creme fraiche], title: Apple Crepes, picturelink: null}, 39991: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a mandolinenCombine the green and red cabbage in a large bowl. Add the parsley, vinegar, mustard, sugar, peppers, onions and some salt and pepper and mix to combine. Let sit for 30 minutes.nDrain the excess liquid from the bowl. Transfer the slaw to a piece of cheesecloth and lightly squeeze to remove more liquid. Return the slaw to the bowl and add a little more vinegar if necessary., ingredients: [12 head green cabbage, super finely sliced with a mandoline, 14 head red cabbage, super finely sliced with a mandoline, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons stoneground mustard, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 Hungarian wax peppers, seeded and ribs removed, finely julienned, 12 red onion, super finely sliced with a mandoline, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Super Fine Pork Slaw, picturelink: zdT5TdnR5zEx5GFFzAX8mPicKWKKp6}, 39992: {instructions: For the citrus dipping sauce: Place all ingredients in a large bowl and whisk until well combined. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nFor the brisket pot stickers: In a large pot place the brisket piece and peanut oil and cook on low heat for approximately 7 hours until brisket begins to fall apart. Remove cooked brisket from the oil and allow to slightly cool. While brisket is cooling, saute the diced onion with the butter until translucent. Place the onions in a large bowl. Once the brisket has cooled, chop into a small dice and add to the onions. Add the chiles, garlic and cilantro and season the mixture with salt and pepper, to taste.nFill each dumpling wrapper with a small amount of the brisket mixture. Seal the edges with the beaten egg.nBring a medium size pot of water to boil. Place the pot stickers in the boiling water and cook for approximately 2 minutes. Once the pot stickers are cooked, transfer them to a paper towellined plate to drain before adding them carefully to the hot saute pan. At the same time, in a medium size saute pan, heat a little olive oil until slightly smoking. Working in batches, sear both sides of the pot stickers until golden brown. Remove from the pan and place on more paper towels to soak up excess oil. Repeat with remaining pot stickers. Serve immediately with a side of the citrus dipping sauce., ingredients: [4 lemons, zest reserved and juiced, 4 limes, zest reserved and juiced, 4 grapefruits, zest reserved and juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves chopped, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup brown sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 2 12 pound brisket, 4 cups peanut oil, 2 yellow onions, medium dice, 14 pound unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds Anaheim chiles, roasted and chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 packages gyoza dumpling wrappers, 1 egg, beaten, Olive oil], title: Braised Brisket Pot Stickers with Citrus Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 39993: {instructions: Prepare to cook. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Grease a 9by9by2inch pan.nMix the dry ingredients. Sift the flour into a large bowl. Add the sugar, baking powder, psyllium husk and salt and stir.nCut in the shortening. Cut the shortening into the flour mixture the way you would when making pie dough. You should end up with walnutsize pieces in a sandy flour.nAdd the wet ingredients. Combine the eggs and milk in a small bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and pour in the liquid. Stir with a rubber spatula until everything is combined.nFinish the batter. Stir in the cornmeal, whisking fast, until it is just combined. Do not overstir.nBake the cornbread. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until the sides of the cornbread are slightly shrinking from the pan and a toothpick comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes.nPour all the flours into a large container. Restaurant supply stores sell large plastic containers that fit this purpose well. You could also use a large glass jar. Shake and shake and shake harder until all the flours have become one color., ingredients: [14 cup shortening use a nonhydrogenated shortening, plus more for greasing the pan, 140 grams AllPurpose GlutenFree Flour Mix, recipe follows, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon psyllium husk, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 1 cup milk you can use nondairy milk, if you want, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 400 grams millet flour, 300 grams sweet rice flour, 300 grams potato starch], title: GlutenFree Cornbread, picturelink: uSO8D0KAiidQ2jEuLhO4UK8nwPqGse}, 39994: {instructions: Cook shallot in butter in a 1 12quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in remaining ingredients and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until berries have burst and chutney is thickened, about 20 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nNote: Chutney can be made 1 week ahead and chilled, covered., ingredients: [13 cup finely chopped shallot, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 6 ounces fresh or frozen cranberries not thawed 2 cups, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup water, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 34 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Cranberry Black Pepper Chutney, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 39995: {instructions: Cook the beef and onion in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat until the beef is well browned, stirring often to separate meat. Pour off any fat.nStir the soup, water, ketchup and black pepper in the skillet and cook until the mixture is hot and bubbling. Divide the beef mixture among the rolls., ingredients: [34 pound ground beef 85 lean, 1 medium onion, chopped about 12 cup, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Healthy Requestu00ae Condensed Cream of Celery Soup, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 6 Pepperidge Farmu00ae Farmhouse Premium White Rolls with Sesame Seeds OR Pepperidge Farmu00ae Farmhouse Premium White Rolls, split], title: LighterStyle Souperburgers, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 39996: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Brush 8 12ounce ramekins or 1 large ovensafe bowl with butter and set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a saucepan and saute sausage until browned.nMeanwhile, combine 2 tablespoons of the oil and the minced garlic in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cook until the garlic is light brown, about 2 minutes, stirring occasionally.nAdd the bread crumbs to the skillet and stir them every minute for 3 to 5 minutes until the crumbs are lightly toasted. Season with salt and pepper. Add 14 cup of the parsley and 14 cup of the Parmesan. Cook for 30 seconds.nPour the bread crumb mixture into the prepared ramekins or bowl and press around the sides to line with the bread crumb mixture, using your fingers to evenly distribute it along the bottom and up the sides.nWhile the Pastina Timbale Sauce is simmering, cook the pastina in the boiling salted water until just shy of al dente, about 9 minutes. Drain the pastina in a colander.nReheat the sauce, if needed, and add the drained pastina and then the browned sausage. Add the remaining 14 cup of parsley, and remaining 34 cup Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir to combine. Transfer the pastina mixture to the lined ramekins 1 14 cups per ramekin or large bowl. Allow to cool for 10 minutes.nInvert the molded pastina timbale onto warmed individual serving plates, and serve.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl, toss tomatoes and whole jalapeno chiles with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place tomato mixture on a cookie sheet and roast in oven for 15 or 20 minutes or until slightly browned. Remove from heat and finely chop the tomatoes. Transfer tomato pulp and any juices from the cutting board to a bowl. Chop the chiles and taste to determine their heat.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat until hot. Add the onion, season with salt, and saute until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and oregano and stir. Add the chiles and simmer for another minute, only adding as much jalapeno as you want for spice. Add the tomatoes and their juice and bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat to medium and simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes. Add the vinegar and stir in the Gorgonzola. Stir in the roasted peppers and the parsley. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Keep warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [Salt, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 pound spicy Italian sausage links, boiled for 6 minutes and cut into bitesize pieces, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 pound Pastina Timbale Sauce, recipe follows:, 3 pounds canned diced tomatoes, drained, 2 jalapeno chiles, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup minced onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Gorgonzola, 1 small jar roasted peppers, julienned about 1 cup, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Pastina Timbale, picturelink: null}, 39997: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the beef filling, sprinkle the slices with salt and pepper. In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the beef and cook until cooked through, 6 to 7 minutes. During this time, stir and shred the beef with tongs or a spatula. The beef should be a shredded cheese steak consistency. Once cooked, remove from the heat and allow to cool until building the stromboli.nOn a clean, dry work surface sprinkled with flour, roll the pizza dough into a 10 by 14inch rectangle, making sure not to flip the dough over, just rotating by 90 degrees as needed. Once the dough is rolled out, sprinkle half the cheese in the center, leaving a 2inch border on all sides. Top with the beef, followed by the tomato sauce, in a stacked fashion. Top with the herbs and the remaining cheese. Brush the edges with some of the egg wash. Fold the bottom and top edges over the filling, and then fold the sides over twice, 1inch at a time, resulting in a 6 by 14inch tube. Brush the outside of the stromboli with the remaining egg wash, place on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper and bake until firm and golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes. Cut into 5 to 6 portions and serve., ingredients: [1 pound beef rib steak, sliced thin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for rolling dough, One 16ounce ball pizza dough, 2 cups shredded mild cheese blend, such as provolone, mozzarella and Parmesan, 1 cup tomato sauce gravy, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 2 eggs, beaten, for egg wash], title: Philly Cheese Steak Stromboli, picturelink: null}, 39998: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 to 8 chopsticks or ice pop sticks for skewering applesnLine a baking sheet with parchment. Wash and dry the apples well, insert a chopstick into the stem end of each one, and stand on the prepared baking sheet. Place the baking sheet and cream next to the stove.nPut the sugar, corn syrup and 12 cup water in a medium saucepan with high sides and heat over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes.nRaise the heat to high and cook without stirring until the mixture is honey colored, about 10 minutes. If you have a thermometer, it should read 330 degrees F. If the flames reach up around the sides of the pot, keep the heat at medium high. Remove from the heat and immediately and carefully whisk in the cream the mixture will darken as you do. Because the mixture will bubble up, use a whisk with a longer handle so the steam doesnt burn your hand.nLet the mixture cool for 3 12 minutes, then carefully dip an apple into the caramel mixture, roll in a topping and set on the prepared baking sheet repeat with the remaining apples. If the caramel cools while dipping, reheat it briefly over low heat, swirling occasionally do not stir., ingredients: [6 to 8 small apples Granny Smith work best, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Toppings: Mini chocolate chips, chopped salted peanuts, crushed pretzels, flaky salt, and sprinkles], title: Caramel Apples, picturelink: null}, 39999: {instructions: Cook the beef in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat until well browned, stirring often to separate meat. Pour off any fat.nStir the soup, salsa, water and tortillas in the skillet and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cook for 5 minutes. Stir the beef mixture. Top with the cheese.nCreamy Mexican Fiesta: Stir in 12 cup sour cream with the soup.nRanchero Style: Use corn tortillas instead of flour tortillas and shredded Mexican cheese blend instead of Cheddar.nServing Suggestion: Serve with a mixed green salad with Italian salad dressing and cornonthe cob. For dessert serve with a store bought flan.nCost per recipe: 7.59, ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Tomato Soup Regular or Healthy Requestu00ae, 12 cup salsa, 12 cup water, 6 flour tortillas 6inch, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup shredded Cheddar cheese], title: Beef Taco Skillet, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 40000: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the garlic, thyme, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until the garlic is finely minced. Add the panko, lemon zest, olive oil, and butter and pulse a few times to moisten the bread flakes. Pour the mixture onto a large plate. In a shallow bowl, whisk together the mustard and wine.nPat the chicken dry with paper towels. Sprinkle generously all over with salt and pepper. Dip each piece in the mustard mixture to coat on all sides, and then place skinside down only into the crumb mixture, pressing gently to make the crumbs adhere. Place the chicken on a sheet pan crumbside up. Press the remaining crumbs on the chicken pieces.nBake the chicken for 40 minutes. Raise the heat to 400 degrees F and bake for another 10 minutes, until the crumbs are browned and the chicken is cooked through. Serve hot, warm, or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups panko Japanese bread flakes, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup Dijon mustard, such as Grey Poupon, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 3 12 to 4pound chicken, cut in eighths], title: Crispy MustardRoasted Chicken, picturelink: null}, 40001: {instructions: Heat the water to boiling.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in large skillet, cook the garlic and aniseed for 5 minutes, and set aside.nPut the rose petals and cactus fruit in a blender and puree until smooth and set aside.nCut an x over the flat ends of the chestnuts with a knife. Toast the chestnuts in a hot cast iron skillet for 5 minutes. When the shells open, add the chestnuts to the boiling water and cook for 15 minutes. Drain the chestnuts and allow them to cool. Peel the chestnuts, add them to the rose petal mixture, and puree while adding the remaining cup of water, slowly.nReheat the skillet with garlic butter mixture and add the rose petals puree. Simmer for 10 minutes then whisk in the honey, salt, and pepper.nPush the sauce through a sieve, into a clean pan, pressing on the solids to extract the juice and some chestnut pulp. Keep the sauce warm.nPreheat a grill or grill pan.nDrizzle the quails with olive oil and season with salt. Grill the quails until they are medium rare, about 5 minutes per side. Serve with the Rose Petal Sauce., ingredients: [2 cups water, plus 1 cup, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon aniseed, 12 red or pink roses with open blooms, petals removed, 1 peeled red cactus fruit or 2 red plums, skinned, 12 fresh chestnuts, 2 tablespoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless fresh quail, Olive oil], title: Quail in Rose Petal Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40002: {instructions: Place all ingredients except the hazelnuts in the bowl or a food processor and process until smooth, fold in the hazelnuts. Pour the batter into a bowl, cover and let rest in the refrigerator at least 2 hours or overnight. Heat a 6inch nonstick crepe pan over medium to hot heat. Pour 2 tablespoons of the batter into the pan and quickly rotate the pan spreading a thin layer of batter over the entire bottom. Cook the crepe for a couple of minutes until golden brown. Invert the crepe with the edge of a knife Cook the other side for about 30 seconds, Invert the crepe from the pan. Proceed to make the rest of the crepes in the same manner. Stack them on a plate as you make them.nHeat a large saute pan over medium high heat. Add the batter and cook untilmelted. Add the apples and saute for 2 minutes. Add the maple syrup and vodka and flambenAdd six crepes to the pan and baste them with the sauce until the flames die down Add the cream and continue to cook for 1 minute or until the sauce has thickened.nPut two crepes, folded into quarters on each plate: Top with a dollop of whipped cream and sprinkle with chopped hazelnuts., ingredients: [14 cup water, 14 cup milk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch of salt, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons Frangelico, 14 cup chopped hazelnuts, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large Granny Smith apple peeled, cored and sliced into 14 inch thick slices, 14 cup Vodka, 14 cup maple syrup, 14 cup heavy cream, 6 crepes see above for recipe, 14 cup toasted chopped hazelnuts], title: Hazelnut Crepes with Maple Flambeed Apples, picturelink: null}, 40003: {instructions: Slice the avocados lengthwise into 12inch thick slices. Slice the papayas widthwise into 12inch thick slices. Arrange overlapping slices on a serving platter, alternating slices of avocado and papaya.nIn a small bowl, combine the remaining ingredients and stir to combine. Spoon the dressing over the avocado and papaya. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 avocados, peeled, halved, and pitted, 2 papayas, peeled, halved, and seeded, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon sugar, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Avocado and Papaya Salad, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 40004: {instructions: Wash the eggplants and cut them in half lengthwise. Hollow them out with a spoon. Combine the lamb together thoroughly with the egg, onion, garlic, cinnamon, salt, pepper and parsley, and fill the eggplants with the mixture. Heat the olive oil in a flameproof baking dish and put the eggplants in it. Sprinkle the filling with cheese. Cover the dish with aluminum foil and cook in a preheated oven at 390 degreees F for about 40 minutes. Remove the foil 10 minutes before the end of the cooking period., ingredients: [4 small eggplants, 12 ounces lamb, chopped, 1 egg, 1 onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves of garlic, finely chopped, 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup grated Manchego cheese], title: Berenjenas Rellenas Stuffed Eggplants, picturelink: null}, 40005: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 handfuls mesquite wood chips, soaked in waternIn bowl, blend dry spices together to use as a rub. Moisten brisket with water. Coat the entire brisket with the spice rub. Press spices into meat with your hands. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours, preferably overnight.nPreheat a grill for indirect heat, banking coals and soaked mesquite wood chips in a circle around the sides of a grill. Set a drip pan with water in the center of the ring. Place brisket on the grill rack over the pan of water.nKeep cooking temperature in grill between 180 to 220 degrees F until done. Allow about 45 minutes per pound until the meat reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, adding new coals as necessary.nFor a sweet glaze, baste with your favorite barbeque sauce during the final 15 minutes of cooking., ingredients: [4 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon dried marjoram, 4 teaspoons granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, One 4 to 6pound brisket, 34 cup your favorite barbeque sauce, optional], title: Jeffs BBQ Brisket, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 40006: {instructions: Grease an 8by8by2inch pan. Line with parchment paper, making sure it overlaps the sides so it is easy to take out the fudge once it has set.nAdd the butter, brown sugar, milk and marshmallows to a medium pan over low heat to melt gently. Once the sugar has dissolved, turn up the heat and bring to a boil. Boil for 5 to 6 minutes. Take the pan off the heat and add the chocolate. Let it sit for 1 minute, then stir the mixture together until the chocolate has melted. Pour into the prepared pan and let cool for 2 to 3 hours.nWhen it is set, remove the fudge from the pan, cut into 25 squares and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for greasing pan, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 12 cup evaporated milk, 5 cups mini marshmallows, 10 ounces milk chocolate, grated, 2 12 ounces dark chocolate, at least 60percent cocoa solids, grated], title: Chocolate Marshmallow Brown Sugar Fudge, picturelink: null}, 40007: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Make the crust: In the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade, pulse the crackers and pecans until finely ground, 6 to 10 pulses. Add the melted butter and brown sugar and pulse to combine. Press the mixture into the bottoms and 12 inch up the sides of ten 6ounce ramekins. Put the ramekins in a large baking dish or roasting pan and blind bake in the oven, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove and set aside to cool.nMake the custard: Combine 2 cups cream, the cinnamon, nutmeg and ginger in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Halve the vanilla bean lengthwise scrape out the seeds with a knife, then add the seeds and pod to the saucepan. Bring to a boil and remove from the heat. Whisk the egg yolks with the granulated sugar in a bowl until the sugar is dissolved. Add the remaining 1 12 cups cream and the milk to the saucepan. Slowly whisk in the yolk mixture, then strain the custard through a sieve back into the bowl. Whisk in the pumpkin.nDivide the pumpkin mixture among the ramekins. Pour hot water into the baking dish, about halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake until the custard is starting to set but is still a little wiggly in the middle, 55 minutes to 1 hour. Remove from the oven remove the ramekins from the water bath and let cool to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight.nLightly sprinkle the custard with turbinado sugar. Heat the sugar with a butane torch until caramelized. To get a thicker caramelized sugar crust, repeat, using just a light sprinkling of sugar each time. Let cool.nIn the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade, pulse the crackers and pecans until finely ground, about 6 to 10 3second pulses. Add the melted butter and brown sugar and pulse to combine. Press into the bottom of a springform pan, baking dish, or 8 6ounce ramekins., ingredients: [Pecan and Butter Cracker Crust, recipe follows, 3 12 cups heavy cream, divided, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon powdered ginger, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped and pod reserved, 8 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup whole milk, 2 cups canned pumpkin puree, Hot water, 14 cup turbinado sugar, 32 butter crackers recommended: Ritz crackers, 12 cup pecans, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter melted, plus more if needed, 2 to 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar], title: Pumpkin Pie Creme Brulee, picturelink: 8ZSWoXE1j7h6aXhbbQFRGCCg7brGmm}, 40008: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a shallow dish, whisk together eggs, cream, and cinnamon. In a large skillet, melt 2 tablespoons butter over mediumhigh heat. Dip 4 croissant halves in egg mixture to coat both sides. Using a fork, remove croissants from egg mixture, letting excess mixture drip off. Place croissant halves in hot skillet. Cook 2 to 3 minutes per side or until lightly browned. Repeat procedure with remaining butter and croissant halves. Set aside and keep warm.nIn a large skillet, combine corn syrup, brown sugar, maple syrup and pecans. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat, and simmer for 2 minutes. Add banana halves and rum extract. Coat with the syrup mixture, and simmer 1 minute. Spoon over French toast. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 8 tablespoons butter, divided, 8 large croissants, halved, 12 cup dark corn syrup, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 cup maple syrup, 1 cup chopped pecans, 6 ripe bananas, halved crosswise and lengthwise, 1 teaspoon rum extract], title: Bananas Foster French Toast, picturelink: jX0ZVr3oziPaImTlSNlE72CThE6SfGC}, 40009: {instructions: Heat the oil in a skillet over low heat and add the flour to make a roux, browning until golden about 3 minutes. Add the onions and cook over low heat until the onions wilt about 4 minutes.nPut the shrimp, sausages, stew meat and ham in a 5quart pot over medium heat. Pour the onion mixture over the ingredients and add 3 quarts water, the chicken wings, file powder, paprika and salt. Bring to a boil and cook for 30 minutes or until broth reaches desired thickness.nAdd the oysters, parsley, garlic and thyme. Lower the heat and cook until the shrimp is pink, about 10 minutes more, before serving., ingredients: [12 cup peanut oil, 4 tablespoons flour, 1 cup chopped onions, 1 pound small white shrimp 3040, peeled and deveined, 8 ounces Creole hot sausage, cut into bitesize pieces, 8 ounces smoked sausage, cut into bitesize pieces, 8 ounces beef stew meat, cubed, 8 ounces smoked ham, cubed, 6 chicken wings, cut in half, 1 tablespoon file powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 dozen oysters, with their liquid, 14 cup chopped parsley, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground thyme], title: Dooky Chases Shrimp Gumbo, picturelink: MAWZV0M3mdjhreonhL1Cga1djiQcf.W}, 40010: {instructions: Soak cod for 2 to 3 days, refrigerated, changing water regularly. In large pot, bring 6 quarts of water to a boil, add cod and cook until fish breaks off easily. Strain and cool. After it cools, remove skin and bones, if there are any, and break into bite size pieces. In medium saute pan heat oil and saute garlic for 2 to 3 minutes. Cool.nIn a bowl, add cod, pour oil and garlic over, add lemon juice, peppers, olives, capers, parsley and salt and pepper, to taste. Place in serving platter and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds salt cod cut in 3inch pieces, 1 cup olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, 12 cup lemon juice, 2 cups hot and sweet vinegar peppers, 1 cup Gaeta olives, 14 cup capers, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Baccala Salad, picturelink: null}, 40011: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nSplit the lobster lengthwise and extract the meat. Lay the lobster meat on top of the shell. Remove the pin bones from the yellowtail flounder and cut a v at the top of the fish.nPlace all of the seafood in a 9inch pie plate. Add the butter, white wine, and paprika. Bake for 12 minutes. Arrange on a serving plate and serve with a lemon wedge and tartar sauce, if desired., ingredients: [5 ounces Brazilian lobster, 3 ounces yellowtail flounder fillet, 3 ounces sea scallops, side muscle removed, 3 size U15 shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 ounces butter, cut into small pieces, 1ounce white wine, 12 teaspoon paprika, Lemon wedges, for garnish, optional, Tartar sauce, for serving, optional], title: Broiled Fishermans Platter, picturelink: 9sjgapxbZvSgaVw3nTNQsRbC.5iWj5C}, 40012: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly butter a 9 x 5 inch loaf pannIn a mixing bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, pinch of salt and spices. In another mixing bowl cream butter and sugar until light. Add honey, eggs, 1 by 1, orange zest and juice. Fold wet ingredients into dry ingredients. Add carrots and raisins to batter and transfer it to prepared loaf pan and bake in middle of oven for 45 minutes or until a toothpick when inserted in center comes out dry. Rest on a rack for 15 minutes turn out, cool on a rack., ingredients: [1 34 cups all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, Salt, 14 teaspoon each ground cinnamon, nutmeg and ginger, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup honey, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 14 cup orange juice, Generous cup of grated peeled carrots, 12 cup raisins], title: Carrot Bread, picturelink: null}, 40013: {instructions: In a saucepan bring 6 cups of water to a boil. Using a small paring knife, remove the vein along the back of each shrimp and rinse under running water. Add garlic to water and boil for two minutes. Add the shrimp to the water and cook with the garlic for 23 minutes. Drain the shrimp and garlic. Peel the garlic and finely chop. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Pour in heavy cream and bring to a simmer. Cook until cream begins to thicken. Stir in parsley, Parmesan and shrimp. Season with salt and pepper. Pour sauce over linguine in a large bowl and toss to coat. Garnish with parsley and Parmesan., ingredients: [8 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 12 large shrimp, peeled, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 14 cup finely chopped parsley, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 8 ounces fresh linguine, cooked and drained, Salt and pepper], title: Shrimp with Garlic Cream Sauce Over Linguine, picturelink: null}, 40014: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine softened butter, poultry seasoning, garlic herb sauce mix, and crushed garlic. Use a fork to mix together until well combined. Cover and put in the refrigerator for 15 to 30 minutes, until firm but not hard.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nArrange celery, carrots, and half of the diced onions in the bottom of a roasting pan. Add chicken broth and set aside.nRinse the thawed turkey and pat dry. Use your finger to carefully loosen the skin around the entire bird. Take the butter mixture and cut into large pieces. Place the butter pieces under the skin of the entire turkey. Rub the remaining butter pieces on the outside of the skin and season with salt and pepper. Stuff the inside of turkey cavity with remaining onions, fresh herb poultry blend, and lemon slices. Truss if necessary. Insert the popup thermometer at an angle about 3inches down from the neck cavity and 2inches from the breast bone, in the thickest part of the breast.nPlace turkey on the bed of vegetables in roasting pan. Place in the oven and reduce temperature to 325 degrees F. Roast for 1 hour, then baste with pan juices every 20 minutes until thermometer pops up or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 180 degrees F, about 3 hours., ingredients: [34 cup butter, softened, 1 12 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 2 tablespoons garlic herb sauce mix recommended: Knorr, 1 12 teaspoons crushed garlic, 1 32ounce bag celery and carrot party sticks, 2 large onions, large dice, 1 32ounce container lowsodium chicken broth, 12pound turkey, thawed if necessary, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon pepper, 3 34ounce packets fresh herbs poultry herb blend sage, thyme and rosemary, 1 lemon, thickly sliced], title: Roasted Butter Herb Turkey, picturelink: g3VgK8VpngWSGXsojjiRAAcu6WR6f9O}, 40015: {instructions: Fill 6 glasses halfway with ice. Pour in 4 parts hard cider and 1 part Calvados. Drop an apple slice into the glass and serve., ingredients: [Ice, 3 12ounce bottles hard cider, 1 small bottle Calvados apple brandy, 1 apple, cut into 6 slices], title: Spiked Cider Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 40016: {instructions: For the dressing: Mix the lime juice, honey and ginger in a small bowl.nFor the fruit salad: Mix the fruit in a large salad bowl. Pour the dressing over the fruit and stir. Serve immediately if you use bananas., ingredients: [13 cup fresh lime juice, 1 12 tablespoons honey, 34 teaspoon ground ginger or minced fresh ginger, 6 cups of your favorite fresh fruits, such as:, Bananas, peeled and sliced, Blueberries, Pineapple, cut into bitesize pieces, Blackberries, Raspberries, Mango, peeled and cubed, Strawberries, stems removed and berries cut into halves, Kiwi, peeled, sliced, and each slice cut in half, Oranges, peeled and cut into chunks], title: Hawaiian Fresh Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 40017: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, blend all ingredients, except for bread and cranberries. Fill a 9 by 13inch baking dish with bread cubes. Sprinkle cranberries over bread cubes. Pour custard mixture over bread cubes, making sure that all cubes are submerged push cubes down if necessary. Bake for about 1 hour, or until pudding is set. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 cups milk, 1 cup granulated sugar, 8 whole eggs, 14 cup vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 16ounce can pumpkin pie filling, Cubed bread see Cooks Note, 1 cup fresh cranberries], title: CranberryPumpkin Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 40018: {instructions: In a small saucepan heat the butter until frothy. Stir in the flour and cook slowly, stirring constantly, for a minute. Add the milk and broth, whisking vigorously and bring the liquid to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer the sauce for 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the cheese, remove the sauce from the heat and whisk it just until the cheese has melted. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.nArrange the asparagus in the bottom of a baking dish. Top with sliced eggs and spoon the sauce over the top. Top with bread crumbs mixed with cheese and drizzle melted butter over the top. Bake for 20 minutes or until the cheese sauce is bubbly., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 14 cups milk, 1 cup chicken broth, 12 cup grated sharp white cheddar, Swiss or Parmesan cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound asparagus, peeled and cooked, 4 hard boiled eggs, thinly sliced, 14 cup fresh bread crumbs mixed with 14 cup grated cheese same type you added to the sauce, 1 tablespoon melted butter], title: Asparagus Gratin, picturelink: null}, 40019: {instructions: Special equipment: oak, cherry or hickory wood for smoking, stovetop smoker or old roasting pannPreheat oven to 225 degrees F. Arrange tomatoes, cut side up, on a rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle the minced garlic and parsley on top. Drizzle with olive oil, place in the oven and roast until somewhat dry, but still pliable, about 5 hours.nLight a small amount of wood in your outdoor grill and allow it to burn thoroughly, about 30 minutes. When the wood is down to the smoky embers, transfer it to the smoker or a roasting pan that you dont mind scorching. Place the roasting pan containing the burning wood in the oven along with the fish and allow it to smoke for about 5 to 10 minutes. Be careful not to oversmoke and thus overpower the albacore flavor. Chefs Note: The amount of time the fish should be smoked will vary depending on the size of your oven. Mitchell recommends experimenting to your taste.nMix the herbes de Provence and coarse salt together. Coat the exterior of the albacore with the mixture. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Sear the fish on all sides, 3 to 4 minutes total, keeping the center rare.nTo serve, place a mound of white bean puree just offcenter on each plate. Cut the albacore into slices and fan out around the white bean puree. Add the roasted tomatoes and drizzle pesto all around the plate. Serve with sauteed greens, asparagus, or haricots verts, if desired.nSoak the dried white beans in 2 quarts of water overnight.nDrain the beans, put in a pot with the onion, garlic and water to cover by several inches. Simmer until beans are tender, about 1 to 1 12 hours. Drain. While still warm, put in a food processor and puree with butter, olive oil and salt and pepper to taste. Keep warm until ready to serve.nIn a food processor, pulse the garlic, lemon juice, and herbs until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, drizzle in the olive oil until the herbs are minced but the mixture is still slightly chunky. Add the cheese and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [10 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus additional for drizzling tomatoes, 2 pounds Pacific albacore tuna or other fresh tuna steak, Herbes de Provence, Coarse salt, White Bean Puree, recipe follows, Pesto, recipe follows, Sauteed greens, asparagus or haricots verts, 2 cups dried white beans, 12 cup diced white onion, 3 cloves garlic, 2 to 4 tablespoons butter, softened, 2 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 cups mixed fresh herbs, tightly packed basil, parsley, mint, 2 cups olive oil, 2 tablespoons grated ParmigianoReggiano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Pacific Albacore, picturelink: null}, 40020: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a heavy skillet, cook the onion and bell pepper in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until it is softened. While the onion and pepper are cooking, in a bowl stir together the salami, mozzarella, pepperoncini, oregano, and vinegar. Add the onionpepper mixture.nCut each piece of bread horizontally with a serrated knife without slicing all the way through, remove some of the soft inner white bread, and arrange the bread pieces cut sides up in a jellyroll pan. Spread the bread with the olive paste. Spread the antipasto mixture on both sides of each piece of bread and bake the heros in preheated oven for 5 minutes. Season the heros with salt and pepper and reform them, pressing the 2 sides together., ingredients: [2 small onions, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 14 cup olive oil, 1 13 cups diced salami, prosciutto, or smoked turkey or a combination, 1 12 cups shredded wholemilk mozzarella, 8 drained bottled pepperoncini pickled Tuscan peppers, available at most supermarkets, chopped, 12 teaspoon oregano, crumbled, 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 4 6inchlong loaves Italian bread, 12 cup storebought olive paste], title: Hot Antipasto Heros, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 40021: {instructions: Toast the sesame seeds in a large dry skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a blender and add the lemon juice, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, the maple syrup, soy sauce, ginger and 3 tablespoons water pulse until smooth. Set aside.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon sesame oil to the skillet and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the wheat berries and stirfry until golden, about 5 minutes. Add the snap peas and scallions stirfry until crisptender, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the turkey, carrot, lettuce and sesame dressing toss to coat.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from 2 lemons, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped peeled ginger, 12 cup frozen cooked wheat berries or brown rice, thawed, 8 ounces sugar snap peas, trimmed and halved, 1 bunch scallions, roughly chopped, 1 pound rotisserie turkey breast or chicken breast skin removed, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 carrot, shaved into ribbons with a vegetable peeler, 1 small or 12 large head iceberg lettuce, cut into large chunks], title: Sesame Turkey Salad, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 40022: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 13 x 9inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray. Prepare brownie mix according to package directions using oil, water, eggs and cinnamon. Spread batter in prepared pan.nBAKE 28 to 31 minutes or until set in center. Cool completely in pan on wire rack.nDISSOLVE coffee granules in hot water in large bowl. Add powdered sugar, butter, cocoa powder, vanilla and salt beat until smooth. Spread frosting over cooled bars. Chill at least 1 hour or until frosting is set., ingredients: [em, Bars:, em, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 19.5 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Family Size Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 14 cup water, 12 tsp. vanilla extract, 18 tsp. salt, 2 large eggs, 12 tsp. ground cinnamon, Frosting:, 1 tbsp. Folgers Classic Roastu00ae Instant Coffee Crystals, 2 tbsps. hot water, 2 cups powdered sugar, 12 cup butter, softened, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder], title: Mocha Buttercream Brownie Bars, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 40023: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: Heat a highsided skillet to medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until brown and crispy, about 15 minutes. Remove the bacon to a papertowellined plate and reserve for later use. Reserve the bacon fat in the pan and add butter if needed to equal a total of 6 tablespoons of fat.nIn the same skillet over medium heat, add the flour and whisk until blonde, 2 to 3 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk until combined. Add some nutmeg, and simmer until thick, about 10 minutes. Whisk in the Roquefort until mostly smooth and season with salt and black pepper.nFor the sandwich: Preheat the broiler with a rack on the middle shelf and heat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat.nSpread some butter on one side of each slice of bread and place butterside down on the hot skillet for 1 minute. Top each slice of bread with a layer of the Comte and cover with an inverted bowl to melt the cheese, about 2 minutes. Once the cheese is bubbly and melted, place a layer of the crispy bacon on half of the slices. Close the sandwiches with the remaining bread slices, and transfer to a baking sheet. Cover with the Funky Mornay Sauce and broil until browned in spots. Garnish with crushed red pepper and chopped chives., ingredients: [8 ounces bacon, cut into 12inchthick strips about 8 slices, Unsalted butter, if needed, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, Freshly grated nutmeg, 14 cup shredded Roquefort cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Unsalted butter, 8 slices brioche bread, each 12inch thick, 6 ounces Comte cheese, grated about 2 cups, Crushed red pepper, for garnish, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Croque His, picturelink: 0SWTyMJZMG6b.dErL0klEKwQ3OQ5C}, 40024: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nMix the almonds, bran flakes, wheat germ, sea salt, garlic powder, cayenne pepper and oregano together in a medium bowl. Crack the eggs into a separate small bowl and beat until frothy.nCoat a baking pan with the olive oil. Dip the fish sticks first in the egg mixture, and then into the almond mixture. Place the fish sticks on the prepared pan.nBake until lightly browned, 10 to 15 minutes. Serve with your favorite marinara sauce as a dip., ingredients: [1 cup crushed almonds, 12 cup crushed bran flakes cereal, 1 tablespoon wheat germ, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon oregano, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 pound cod, rinsed and cut into 1inch by 5inch pieces, Prepared marina sauce, for serving], title: OvenBaked Almond Fish Sticks, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 40025: {instructions: Cover the potatoes with 1 inch of cold water in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 minutes. In a small pot over low heat combine halfandhalf and butter. Heat until hot but not simmering.nDrain the potatoes in a colander, tossing to remove any excess water. Wipe the saucepan dry. Add the potatoes back to the saucepan and mash to a uniform consistency or process through a food mill back into the dry pot. Give it a quick mix with a hand mixer to incorporate some air and ensure a smooth texture. Do not overmix or potatoes will become gummy.nUsing a flexible rubber spatula, fold in the melted butter and halfandhalf mixture until just incorporated. Fold in sour cream and 14 cup chives and season with salt and pepper.nTransfer to serving bowl and garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, quartered and cut into 1inch chunks, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper to taste], title: Sour Cream and Chive Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 40026: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nButter: Combine all the ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth, or add them to a bowl and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nOysters: Heat a grill to high. Put the oysters in a single layer on the grates of the grill and cook until the liquor begins to simmer. Immediately top each oyster with a heaping teaspoon of the tarragon butter and a few extra dashes of hot sauce, if desired. Garnish with tarragon leaves and serve., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, slightly softened, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 heaping tablespoon hot sauce, or more if you like your food really spicy recommended: Franks, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 oysters, shucked carefully over a bowl, catching the oyster liquor and putting back into the shell with the oyster, Hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, Tarragon leaves, for garnish], title: Fire Roasted LowCounty Oysters with Tarragon and Red Hot Sauce Butter, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 40027: {instructions: In a large bowl, add the beef and break it up a little. From high above the bowl for even coverage, sprinkle over the onion pulp, 1 teaspoon of the curry powder, the onion powder, 1 teaspoon salt, a few grinds of pepper and the thyme. Gently mix with your nondominant hand until just combined. Form into 4 equal balls and let rest in the bowl. Drizzle with the olive oil, cover with plastic wrap and rest at room temperature 1 hour.nIn a liquid measuring cup, whisk the tomatoes, ketchup, honey, hot sauce and the remaining 2 teaspoons curry powder until combined.nPreheat 4 personalsized castiron pans over mediumhigh heat. Form each ball of beef into a patty and press each patty to fill the entire bottom of each pan the patties will shrink as they cook. Cook until each patty easily lifts from the pan and a peek beneath reveals a goldenbrown sear, about 5 minutes. Flip the patties, then immediately pour the tomato mixture evenly over each and jiggle the pans to settle the sauce.nUsing the back of a spoon, gently press a recess in the center top of each patty. Gently crack an egg into the center of each patty, resting the yolk in the recess you created. Cover all the pans with a large baking sheet. Reduce the heat to a low simmer and leave covered until a quick peek beneath reveals the whites are cooked and the yolks are still runny, about 3 minutes. Garnish each with a tiny sprinkle of salt over the yolks, a grind of pepper and a sprinkle of parsley., ingredients: [1 pound ground chuck 80percent meat, 20percent fat, 1 tablespoon grated red onion pulp use a box grater or rasp, 3 teaspoons mild yellow curry powder, 14 teaspoon onion powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 to 8 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and gently chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup canned chopped tomatoes, 12 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Franks RedHot, 4 extralarge eggs, 14 cup loosely packed, gently chopped fresh curly parsley], title: Sunnys Eggs in Burgatory, picturelink: THRiuQwZPWtWCjpqDs8wroLLOaImHCG}, 40028: {instructions: Coat a large, straightsided saute pan set over medium heat with the peanut oil and toss in the chicken and 1 tablespoon of the soy sauce. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, then remove and reserve for later use.nAdd in the white scallion pieces, garlic, ginger and jalapenos. Add in a splash more of the oil and cook over medium heat, 1 to 2 minutes. Toss in the carrots and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Toss in the mushrooms and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add in the remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce and the vinegar, and then add the cabbage, edamame and the reserved chicken, and cook 1 minute longer. Sprinkle in the green scallions.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Toss in the noodles, swishing them around with a pair of tongs so they dont stick together, and cook until soft, about 30 seconds.nAdd the noodles to the pan, stir to combine and cook until the noodles are hot and nicely coated. Add a drop of sesame oil, then transfer to a serving dish and sprinkle with the peanuts and cilantro to serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon peanut oil, plus more as needed, 2 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 scallions, white and green parts separated and sliced on the bias, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated, 12 jalapeno, seeded and cut into brunoise, 2 medium carrots, julienned, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 cup chiffonade Napa cabbage, 12 cup edamame, Kosher salt, 1 pound fresh udon noodles, Sesame oil, for drizzling, 14 cup peanuts, coarsely chopped, Cilantro, for garnish], title: Chicken and Vegetable StirFry with Udon Noodles, picturelink: kKMRh4CBqxZnhyzhoHfUaya0ec0RoPO}, 40029: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Finely grind the hazelnuts in a food processor. Spread on a baking sheet bake until golden, 12 minutes.nWhisk the flour, cornstarch, 13 cup of the ground hazelnuts, the baking powder, baking soda and salt in a bowl set aside. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg yolks, liqueur and vanilla beat until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Turn onto a sheet of plastic wrap shape into a disk. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Dust the dough with flour and roll out into a 6by12inch rectangle 14 inch thick on a floured surface. Cut into 1 12inch squares arrange 12 inch apart on the baking sheets. Cut out circles from the middle of half of the squares using a small cutter. Refrigerate until firm, 15 minutes.nBake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are golden on the bottom, 12 to 14 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes, then transfer to racks to cool completely. Stir together the dulce de leche and the remaining ground hazelnuts. Sandwich between the plain and cutout cookies. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [12 cup blanched hazelnuts, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup dulce de leche, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Dulce de Leche Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 40030: {instructions: For the kraut: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add the stock, juice, pickling spice, black pepper, bay leaf, cabbage and bacon to a pan, cover and cook until the cabbage is softened, about 45 minutes. Once soft, remove from the heat and allow to cool. Then separate the cabbage and save the stock. After the cabbage is cooked, slice the quarters very thin and cover with the rice wine vinegar. Season and finish with a small amount of lemon juice.nFor the dressing: Mix the ketchup, mayo, relish, balsamic, salt, celery seed and white pepper in a bowl.nTo assemble: Put some butter on the grill. Place the bread on the buttered grill until golden brown. Place 1 slice of cheese on each slice of bread. Mix 2 tablespoons of the dressing with 14 cup of kraut per sandwich, place on the grill and warm throughout. Place the kraut and 4 ounces turkey on 4 bread slices. Top with the remaining bread., ingredients: [8 cups chicken stock, 1 cup apple juice, 1 tablespoon pickling spice, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 bay leaf, 1 head white cabbage, quartered, 2 pieces bacon, rough chopped, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, Lemon juice, as needed, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup mayo, 2 tablespoons dill pickle relish, 1 tablespoon white balsamic, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pinch celery seed, 1 pinch ground white pepper, 14 cup clarified butter, 8 slices rye bread, 1 pound fresh sliced turkey breast, 8 slices Swiss or Gruyere], title: Turkey Reuben, picturelink: 2SpQvbdRW1LqnxmFesd.ppbR3iic2K}, 40031: {instructions: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Use a small cookie cutter or drinking glass to trace thirty 1 12 inch circles in rows on the paper, about 1 12 inches apart. Flip the paper over youll still be able to see the marks through the paper. Finely grind the peanuts in a food processor. Add the almond flour and confectioners sugar and pulse to make a fine powder. Sift twice through a fine sieve discard any chunks. Beat the egg whites in a bowl with a mixer on high speed until foamy. Gradually add the granulated sugar and beat until soft peaks form. Add the vanilla and beat until stiff peaks form. Fold in half of the peanut mixture with a rubber spatula. Repeat with the remaining peanut mixture. Transfer the batter to a pastry bag with a 14 inch round tip. Holding the bag perpendicular to the baking sheet, pipe mounds of batter into the traced circles on the parchment paper. Tap the baking sheets against the counter to help the batter settle. Let sit at room temperature until the tops are slightly crusty, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bake the macaroons until slightly crisp, 13 to 15 minutes. Slide the parchment paper with the macaroons onto a rack to cool. Carefully remove the macaroons from the parchment paper. Spread 1 teaspoon jam on the flat side of a macaroon top with another macaroon, flat side down. Repeat with the remaining macaroons and jam. These are best eaten within 1 day.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [14 cup unsalted roasted peanuts, 14 cup almond flour or finely ground almonds, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 large egg whites, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup raspberry, strawberry or grape jam], title: Peanut ButterJam Macaroons, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 40032: {instructions: Set up a collapsible steamer or bamboo steamer over a pot of water. Toss the cauliflower, potato, and zest together and put in the steamer. Season with the salt and pepper, to taste. Cover, and cook over medium heat until the potatoes and cauliflower are completely tender, about 15 minutes. Cool slightly.nPuree the vegetables, in batches if needed, in a blender or food processor with olive oil and a couple tablespoons water, until smooth and creamy. Season with the salt and pepper, if needed. Reheat in a saucepan, stirring over mediumlow heat. Serve., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower about 3 pounds, cut into florets, 1 Yukon gold potato about 8 ounces, peeled and diced, 1 lemon, zest finely grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Cauliflower Puree, picturelink: null}, 40033: {instructions: To a tall glass or a champagne flute, add the orange liquor, sweet vermouth, prosecco and bitters. Stir with a cocktail spoon to combine., ingredients: [1 12 ounces bitter orange liquor, such as Campari, 1 12 ounces sweet vermouth, 2 ounces prosecco, 2 dashes of bitters], title: Negroni Sbagliato, picturelink: .DvY44HOr3Q.ktddFcLtWKZKU8G5Ga}, 40034: {instructions: For the buttermilkchive dressing: Combine the buttermilk, sour cream, mayonnaise and lemon juice in a small bowl and whisk well. Stir in the chives and garlic and season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the mapleglazed bacon: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Set a wire rack in a baking sheet and spray the rack with cooking spray.nLay the bacon slices in 1 layer on the wire rack and brush with the maple syrup. Sprinkle over the brown sugar and cayenne. Bake until dark brown and crispy, 20 to 30 minutes. Let cool slightly, then crumble.nFor the salad: Layer the ingredients in a large salad bowl beginning with the lettuce, then adding the tomatoes, bell pepper and onion.nWhen ready to serve, add in the crumbled Sour Cream Cornbread, pour the dressing over the salad and sprinkle the bacon on top.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a wellseasoned 10inch castiron skillet with cooking spray.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the creamed corn, cornmeal mix, sour cream, oil and eggs. Pour the mixture into the skillet and bake until lightly brown, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 12 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced chives, 1 garlic clove, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cooking spray, for spraying the wire rack, 9 slices thickcut bacon, 3 tablespoons maple syrup, 14 cup brown sugar, Pinch cayenne pepper, 6 cups torn romaine lettuce pieces, 1 cup grape tomatoes, chopped, 1 small red bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 medium sweet onion, such as Vidalia, finely chopped, 2 cups crumbled Sour Cream Cornbread, recipe follows, Cooking spray, for spraying the skillet, One 15ounce can creamed corn, 1 14 cups selfrising buttermilk cornmeal mix, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs], title: Cornbread Salad with ButtermilkChive Dressing and Maple Bacon, picturelink: NFHQDv.G.dwkZgbVGqRsoHIy6194CK}, 40035: {instructions: To make a batch, peel 2 overripe bananas and freeze until firm, about 1 hour. Melt 4 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate with 1 tablespoon shortening or coconut oil in the microwave. Cut the bananas into pieces and drop into the melted chocolate to cover remove with a fork. Place on a plate and immediately sprinkle with chopped peanuts and top with a maraschino cherry freeze 30 more minutes.nPhotograph by Jeff Harris, ingredients: [], title: BananaSplit Bites, picturelink: OOUasgmgU.eeRaqaleKlr8bqQL0S8YO}, 40036: {instructions: Because you will need to cook the gnocchi quickly once the batter is ready, do the following before you begin making the pate a choux. Bring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Have a large bowl of iced water nearby.nMake choux paste according to directions. Fill a pastry bag with large plain tip 8 with batter. Holding pastry bag in over simmering water, gently squeeze out dough, slicing into one inch lengths with a paring knife. Working in 4 batches of about 20 pieces, cook gnocchi at a slow simmer, stirring occasionally, until they start to puff, about 5 minutes. They should resemble floating corks. To test for doneness, remove a dumpling and cut in half. The center should have tiny holes. With a slotted spoon, transfer gnocchi to the bowl of iced water to chill. Drain well in a colander. Can be stored in refrigerator for up to two days., ingredients: [1 recipe Basic Pate a Choux], title: Poaching Pate a Choux to Form Gnocchi, picturelink: null}, 40037: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 14 inch of oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat.nPut the flour in a shallow bowl and add some salt and pepper. Put the egg in a second shallow bowl. Put the cereal in a resealable plastic bag and pound into crumbs with your hands until mostly broken up with some bigger pieces. Transfer the cereal to a third shallow bowl.nDip the chicken strips first in the flour, then the egg and then the cereal. Cook the strips in batches until golden brown and cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nStir together the ketchup, applesauce and Worcestershire sauce in a small bowl. Serve as a dip with the chicken fingers., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 cups crunchy sweetened cereal, such as Capn Crunch, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch strips, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup applesauce, 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce], title: Crunchy Cereal Chicken Fingers, picturelink: G93jG3LAtTio3ZhrlfGaEJMN6RFe61C}, 40038: {instructions: 1. Place the mayonnaise, peppers, paprika, and lime zest into a blender and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.n2. Cook the chorizo in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, in batches, until lightly brown, about 1 minute on each side.n3. Spread the aioli onto a plate and place the chorizo over top. Garnish with cilantro and serve. Alternatively, smear the aioli onto a platter and set toothpickspeared chorizo slices over top., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 2 canned piquillo peppers, 12 teaspoon smoked Spanish paprika, Zest of 1 lime, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 ounces Spanish chorizo, sliced 13inch thick, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, for serving], title: Chorizo Bites with Smoked Paprika and Piquillo Pepper Aioli, picturelink: SPOQLgX62ylBIaa6PitUCafmCV5Dqy}, 40039: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Heavy duty aluminum foilnPreheat grill to medium heat.nCut onion top and backtail so onion can sit flat. Peel the onion. Using a parking knife cut a hollow conelike shape into the center of the onion making sure not to go all the way to the bottom. Salt and pepper to the cavity. Place onions on individual squares of heavy duty aluminum foil.nAdd the butter, bacon, blue cheese, and thyme to a bowl and mix until well combined. Add large dollops of the butter to each cavity of the onions. Fold the aluminum foil all around the onion, gathering at the top and sealing to create a tent.nPlace on the grill over direct heat and cover the grill. Cook for 30 minutes until onions are soft. Let cool for 5 minutes before opening the foil packet and serving., ingredients: [4 large Vidalia onions, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled, 23 cup crumbled blue cheese, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves], title: Grilled Vidalia Onions with Bacon Butter, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 40040: {instructions: Wash the raw shrimp, then peel and devein, saving the peelings. Wash the shrimp again, drain and pat dry. Cover and refrigerate.nCut each lemongrass stick into 3 2inch pieces, starting from the rounded bottom end discard the strawlike top. Lightly crush the 6 pieces with a heavy pestle, a mallet, or the blade of a knife.nCombine the lemongrass, kaffir lime leaves, the stock, and shrimp peelings in a pan. Bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer very gently for 20 minutes. Strain this stock and return to the rinsedout pan.nAdd the fish sauce, lime juice, and chile paste. Stir and taste again, adding more fish sauce or lime juice if required.nDrain the straw mushrooms and add them to the seasoned stock. If using fresh mushrooms cut into quarters, drop into lightly salted boiling water, and boil for 1 minute. Drain and add to the seasoned stock. The soup may be prepared to this stage several hours ahead if necessary and refrigerated.nPrepare the garnishes shortly before you are ready to serve the soup. Cut the green chilies into very fine rounds, and wash and dry the cilantro leaves.nJust before serving, heat the stock with the mushrooms in it. When it begins to bubble, drop in the peeled shrimp. Cook over a medium heat for about 2 minutes or just until the shrimp turn opaque. Serve the soup immediately in individual bowls, garnished with the green chiles and cilantro leaves., ingredients: [1 pound medium shrimp, 2 fresh lemongrass stalks, 4 fresh or dried kaffir lime leaves, or 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, or salt, to taste, 3 tablespoons lime juice, or to taste, 1 teaspoon chile paste, 1 15ounce can straw mushrooms, or 12 medium fresh mushrooms, 3 fresh hot green chiles, for garnish, 3 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Hot and Sour Shrimp Soup, picturelink: null}, 40041: {instructions: Combine the egg yolks, Champagne, and sugar in the top of a double boiler and whisk over simmering water make sure the bowl does not touch the water in the bottom pot. Whisk constantly until thick and foamy. Remove to an ice bath and continue whisking until cool. Set aside.nWhip chilled heavy cream to soft peak stage and fold gently into custard. To achieve the most volume, plan to fold in whipped cream just before serving. Serve in chilled glasses layered with fresh fruit andor sponge cake. Garnish with mint., ingredients: [6 egg yolks, 23 cup Champagne, 13 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup heavy cream, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Champagne Sabayon, picturelink: null}, 40042: {instructions: Add liqueurs to a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake and strain into a 10ounce rocks glass over ice. Top with heavy cream and serve with a short straw., ingredients: [1 14 ounces almond liqueur recommended: Amaretto, 34ounce coffee liqueur recommended: Kahlua, Ice, Heavy cream, to fill], title: Toasted Almond, picturelink: null}, 40043: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, cream the butter and both sugars together with an electric mixer. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then mix in the orange juice, vanilla, and orange zest. Add the flour, baking powder, salt, orange zest, and vanilla and mix together well. Generously butter and flour a 10 inch bundt pan and scoop the batter into it, smoothing the top with a spatula. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the sides shrink away from the pan and the center of the loaf springs back. Cool the pan on a rack for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a round platter. Sprinkle a little confectioners sugar over the top of the bread and serve warm or at room temperature, accompanied by small pots of cranberry butter., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, packed, 2 large eggs, 12 cup orange juice, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 2 tablespoons grated orange zest, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Confectioners sugar, for serving, Cranberry butter, for serving recipe follows], title: Orange Bread, picturelink: null}, 40044: {instructions: For Chocolate Buttercream Frosting: In the bowl of an electric mixer, blend butter, shortening and sugar with the paddle attachment until creamy. Add the cocoa to the butter mixture along with the milk and extract. Continue to mix until well combined. Turn off the mixer and gently fold in chocolate chips with a spatula. Set frosting in the refrigerator to firm up to a spreadable consistency while the cake is prepared.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 2 9inch round cake pans with nonstick cooking spray, including sides. Cut a sheet of parchment paper to fit the pan bottoms and lay in place. Then spray the paper.nSift together the flour, baking powder and salt, set aside. In a large mixing bowl, cream the butter until smooth. Gradually add the sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs, a little at a time. Stir in the vanilla until well blended. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Gradually mix in the dry ingredients in 3 batches, alternating with the milk. Beat for 1 minute after each addition to incorporate the ingredients and strengthen the cakes structure. Mix until the batter is smooth.nPour the batter into the prepared pans and smooth the surface with a spatula, the pans should be 23 full. Place pans on the middle rack of the oven and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean and the cake springs back when touched.nLet the cakes cool in the pans for 10 minutes, then turn them out onto a wire rack, peel off the paper and let cool for at least 1 hour. Level the tops of the cakes with a serrated knife if domed in the middle. To divide each cake in half to give 4 layers: cut a vertical notch on the side of the cakes so you can easily line up the layers when assembling. Place one hand flat on top and the serrated blade along the side of the cake. Rotate the cake against the knife as you slice. Carefully separate the layers and brush away any loose crumbs. To make sugar glaze: combine sugar, water and rum in a small saucepan. Boil for 2 to 3 minutes. Brush the sugar glaze on the cake layers to moisten and add extra flavor.nPut a cardboard cake round or plate on a lazy Susan so it easier to turn and frost the cake. Lay 1 cake layer on the plate. With a metal spatula, spread about 12 cup of chocolate buttercream frosting on top of the base. Carefully place another cake layer on top. Do this for the remaining 2 layers.nFrost the top and sides of the cake thoroughly. Refrigerate for 45 minutes before decorating or cutting., ingredients: [1 cup butter, 1 cup shortening, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup cocoa powder, 23 cup milk, 2 teaspoons orange extract, 12 ounces mini semisweet chocolate chips, 4 cups cake flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 pound butter 2 sticks, softened, 1 12 cups sugar, 4 eggs plus 2 yolks, well beaten, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups milk, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon rum], title: Towering Birthday Cake, picturelink: vTroKzFiTesIeJXF1dEb5M1E9sIryYe}, 40045: {instructions: Combine the vanilla syrup and the rum. Douse sponge cake with rum syrup mixture. Fill cake shell with pudding. Top with arranged, sliced strawberries., ingredients: [14 cup vanilla syrup, found on coffee isle, 3 to 4 tablespoons light rum, 1 7ounce, 10inch large packaged sponge cake shell, 2 cups packaged prepared vanilla pudding, 1 pint strawberries, sliced], title: Baba au Rhum Tart, picturelink: ORgT77ammXCSj7FJod.8nEflAYC1mWO}, 40046: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChar the peppers over a gas flame on high heat or under the broiler with the oven door cracked for steam to escape, turning with tongs. Place the charred peppers in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap to steam. Let them cool, then peel, seed and finely chop.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCrumble the corn muffins, arrange on a cookie sheet and toast until crispy and extra golden, about 10 minutes. Set aside.nHeat the EVOO in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Brown and crumble the meat. Add the garlic and onions to the pot and cook to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the cumin and coriander, then stir in the chopped peppers. Add the beans, stock and herbs and simmer 5 minutes. Season with hot sauce.nTurn off the heat and stir in the sour cream to combine. Serve topped with the crispy corn muffin crumbles and any of the other toppings you like., ingredients: [4 poblano peppers, 2 large corn muffins, storebought, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 pounds ground turkey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons cumin, a couple of palmfuls, 1 tablespoon coriander, a palmful, One 14ounce can pinto or white beans, 2 cups chicken stock, 14 cup fresh chives, finely chopped, 14 cup fresh dill, finely chopped, 14 cup fresh parsley, finely chopped, Hot sauce, 1 cup sour cream, Shredded sharp Cheddar, Minced red onion, 4 to 5 slices crispy bacon, chopped], title: RanchStyle Turkey Chili, picturelink: p2claL1qN6VWXIAJfrN02sFH15TDX2}, 40047: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the carrots, celery, onions and garlic and slowly saute until translucent, about 10 minutes. Add in the curry powder and coriander and toast the spices until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the chickpeas and coconut milk and bring to a simmer. Simmer over medium heat until the flavors have melded, 20 to 30 minutes. Add the lime juice and season with salt and pepper. Put some couscous in bowls and serve the chana masala on top., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup medium diced carrots, 12 cup medium diced celery, 12 cup medium diced onions, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, One 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, One 13.5ounce can coconut milk, 12 lime, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Couscous, for serving], title: Chana Masala, picturelink: null}, 40048: {instructions: Pour 1 12 ounces of clarified butter into a pan and heat until smoking, about 400 degrees. Add the shallots and stir briskly. Add the bacon and brown lightly. To this mixture, add the crushed garlic cloves. Stir in the flour and cook until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Add all of the Burgundy and whisk in off the heat. Add the bouillon and stir thoroughly. Now add the lump of sugar, for luck. Pop in the bouquet garni, salt and pepper and simmer for 1 12 hours. After 1 hour add the red wine vinegar. At the end of 1 12 hours, add 1ounce fresh butter to the sauce.nPass the sauce through a sieve and scrape every last drop of it through. Return to a clean pan and allow to cook gently. In a skilled cook the garlic in a little clarified butter to release the natural juices. Drop the rounds of bread into the garlic butter and add a little more clarified butter, if necessary. Fry until crisp and golden brown. Prick the wide end of the eggs with an egg pricker or needle and lower them into a pan of boiling water with a wire basket. Count 10 seconds and remove the eggs and break them into a cup. Take the water off the boil and add a pinch of salt and the eggs. Raise the heat and gently poach the eggs. Meanwhile remove the fried bread rounds from their pan and place in heated serving dishes or small bowls.nWith a slotted spoon remove eggs from water and place each on a piece of garlic bread. Pour the sauce around the egg, leaving some white showing. Garnish with parsley. Recommended drink: A good dry red wine., ingredients: [Clarified butter, 6 large shallots, peeled, each cut into 3, 3 slices fat bacon, cut 12inch pieces, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, plus 2 cloves for browning bread, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour 1 12 ounces, 1 14 cups Burgundy 12 fluid ounces, 1 cup beef bouillon 8 fluid ounces, 1 lump sugar, Bouquet Garni 1 bay leaf, 4 sprigs parsley, 1 sprig thyme, 3inch piece celery, tied with string, or if using dried herbs, tie in muslin bag, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons butter 1 34 ounces, 4 slices white bread, cut in rounds, 4 eggs, Freshly chopped parsley], title: Oeufs en Meurette, picturelink: null}, 40049: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nStack the pita and, using a sharp serrated knife, cut into 6 wedges. Place the wedges in a large metal mixing bowl. Drizzle in the olive oil. Using metal tongs, toss the pita to coat evenly. Sprinkle in the sesame seeds, thyme, oregano, sumac, salt and pepper toss to distribute the seasonings evenly.nTransfer the pita to a baking sheet and spread uniformly to ensure even browning. Place into the oven and bake until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and cool slightly., ingredients: [One 12ounce package whole wheat pita bread, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon toasted white sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, plus more for garnish, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon ground sumac, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper], title: ZaatarSpiced Pita, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 40050: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the lemon juice, lime juice, orange juice, ginger and olive oil. Add the sea bass and toss to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for about 2 hours. The flesh of the fish should be opaque. Add the cilantro, onion, and avocado. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 pound fresh sea bass, skinless and cut into 14inch slices, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 2 avocados, peeled, pitted and cut into chunks, Salt and pepper], title: Citrus Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 40051: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush a 14 by 12inch rectangular tart pan with removable bottom with some butter.nOn a work surface arrange 1 phyllo sheet with the short side facing you, brush with some butter and sprinkle with sugar. Repeat layering procedure with remaining phyllo, buttering and sprinkling sugar with each layer. Cut sheets vertically in half and place one on top of the other. Place into prepared tart pan and press phyllo into pan with fingertips. Trim excess dough to 12inch around. Fold edges back into the pan, to form a decorative edge. Brush edge with remaining butter.nIn a food processor blend the almonds and the sugar until a powder is formed, add the egg, yolk, and almond extract, and blend the mixture until it is combined well. Spoon the frangipane it will be very thick onto the phyllo, spread it carefully over the bottom. Bake for 10 minutes, rotate pan and bake for additional 10 minutes or until the frangipane is puffed and golden. Cool completely on a cooling rack, making sure the frangipane is cooled completely. Carefully remove tart from pan. Brush top of frangipane with some of the melted currant jelly and arrange the strawberries decoratively over the top. Brush with remaining jelly to glaze. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 sheets phyllo dough, thawed, if frozen, 23 cups blanched almonds, 12 cup sugar, plus extra for phyllo, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 1 egg yolk, 18 teaspoon almond extract, 12 cup red currant jelly, melted, 1 12 pints small strawberries, hulled if large, halve lengthwise], title: Strawberry and Frangipane Phyllo Tart, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 40052: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the beets in the center of a large foil sheet. Drizzle with the oil and vinegar. Place a second large foil sheet on top of the beets, crimping the edges together to form an airtight pocket. Roast in the oven for 2 hours.nWhen the beets are ready, peel them using a kitchen towel. If roasted correctly, the skin should slide right off. Cut the beets into 1inch cubes and allow them to chill.nHeat soybean oil in a large pan or deepfryer to 375 degrees F.nToss the beets in the cornstarch until covered, adding more cornstarch as needed. Fry in 2cup batches, until the outer cornstarch layer becomes crispy.nServe each batch with 14 cup mayonnaise. Garnish with shichimi togarashi and green onions.nThis recipe was provided by a professional chef or restaurant and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [20 beets, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup white vinegar, Soybean oil, for frying, 2 cups cornstarch, 2 cups Japanese mayonnaise, such as Kewpie, Shichimi togarashi Japanese 7spice blend, 12 cup sliced green onions], title: Beet Home Fries, picturelink: BxCJc7XUZoZN.ew5MkFxGtrRbE98JW}, 40053: {instructions: First preheat the grill to medium.nAdd all the marinade ingredients to a large bowl and stir to combine. Add the shrimp and scallops and set the bowl aside. Next, add all the salsa ingredients to a serving bowl and mix well.nRemove the shrimp and scallops from the marinade. Put a scallop in the U curved part of the shrimp of the shrimp and skewer, first through the scallop and then through the shrimp. Arrange the skewers on the hot grill and cook approximately 2 12 to 3 minutes on 1 side, then turn and grill for 2 12 minutes on the other side. When done, remove the skewers from the grill to a serving dish. Drizzle with some extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle with pink salt. Serve with the salsa and enjoy, ingredients: [4 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons gold tequilla, 1 tablespoon orange flavored liqueur recommended: Triple Sec, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 U15 shrimp and 6 very large sea scallops, cut in 12 or 12 smaller sea scallops, 12 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes, 14 cup pomegranate seeds, 1 medium mango, peeled and flesh diced, 1 tomato, seeded and diced, 2 scallions, green part only, diced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon diced Vidalia onion, 10 mint leaves, chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon mirin, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pink salt, for garnish], title: Margarita Shrimp and Scallops, picturelink: ZSq26cgzxonaC.V32dl8T3.95I4Tuh6}, 40054: {instructions: Melt 3 tablespoons of the butter and the oil in a large heavy pot over mediumlow heat. Add onions, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and translucent, about 20 minutes. Increase heat to mediumhigh, uncover, and add the sugar and season to taste with salt. Saute stirring often until onions are very soft and deep golden brown. Reduce heat to medium, sprinkle in flour and cook, stirring constantly for 2 to 3 minutes. Add about 2 cups of stock and stir to blend, then add remaining 6 cups of stock and the wine. Season to taste with salt and pepper and simmer for about 30 minutes. Adjust seasoning to taste. Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Meanwhile, slice the bread into at least 8 thick slices. Butter both sides of the bread with the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter, then toast until golden brown on both sides in the oven. Place a slice of toast in each of 8 ovenproof bowl, then fill bowls with the onion soup. Spread a thick layer of cheese on top of soup. Set bowls in 2 baking pans, place in the oven and bake until cheese has browned., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 pounds medium yellow onions, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt, to taste, 1 tablespoon flour, 8 cups beef stock, 2 cups dry white wine, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 baguette, 1 pound gruyere cheese, shredded], title: Soupe A lOignon Gratinee French Onion Soup, picturelink: null}, 40055: {instructions: Grill the portobello mushroom, using olive oil if desired. Spread the hummus across the insides of both slices of bread. Add the mushroom and a few pieces of spinach. Place the sandwich in a panini grill for 1 to 3 minutes, depending on desired crispness. Remove and enjoy.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 portobello mushroom, Olive oil, optional, for grilling, 1 tablespoon roasted garlic hummus, 2 slices wholegrain bread, Fresh spinach, for topping], title: Veggie Sandwich Panini, picturelink: null}, 40056: {instructions: Combine 1 cup flour, 13 cup oats, 34 cup sugar and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Stir in 6 tablespoons melted butter and 12 cup chopped hazelnuts squeeze into large crumbles and place in the freezer. Toss 2 pounds chopped rhubarb, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup flour, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon orange zest and 14 teaspoon salt in a 8by8inch glass or ceramic baking dish. Scatter the crumble on top and bake in a preheated 375 degrees F oven until golden and bubbly, 45 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes serve with whipped cream.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Rhubarb Crumble, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 40057: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Beat the eggs until well combined and light in color, about 5 minutes. Mix the sugar and flour together and gradually add to the eggs using low speed. Add the corn syrup, vanilla and salt and blend well, again using low speed. Fold the nuts in by hand and pour the mixture into the prepared pie crusts. Bake at 400 degrees F for 10 minutes and then reduce the heat to 350 degrees F. and bake for 1 hour longer. The pie will rise up and form cracks on the top, and the filling will be set when baking is complete. Remove pie and let it cool before cutting.nCombine the butter, shortening, 2 cups of the cake flour, and 1 cup of the allpurpose flour. Blend together. Stop mixer, scrape the sides and add remaining 2 cups of cake flour and remaining 1 cup of allpurpose flour. Blend to combine completely. Mix sugar and salt into 14 cup of the water and add it to the flour mixture. Blend briefly and add the remaining water if needed. The dough should not be overworked and should make a solid piece when held in your hand. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured smooth surface and knead it several times. Divide the dough into portions and flatten it. Wrap unused dough in plastic. Roll out the dough to fit a 9inch pie pan. Reroll any scraps for a second pie crust.nPreheat oven to 475 degrees F. Prick bottom and sides of pastry with fork. Bake 12 minutes or until light brown. Cool on wire rack., ingredients: [6 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup flour, 4 cups dark corn syrup, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups chopped pecans, Pie Crust, recipe follows, 1 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup solid vegetable shortening, 4 cups cake flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 to 12 cup cold water], title: Pecan Pie Filling, picturelink: null}, 40058: {instructions: Bring salted water to a boil in a medium pot. Cut an x shape on the tops and bottoms of the tomatoes. Boil the tomatoes until the skin begins to peel back, about 20 to 30 seconds. Plunge the tomatoes into a bowl of iced water to chill. Peel and seed the tomatoes, then chop them.nIn a medium bowl, combine the olive oil, vinegar, and tomato juice. Mix well, and then add the diced bread to soak. In another bowl, combine the chopped tomato, cucumber, red pepper, onion, garlic, parsley, cilantro and jalapeno. Reserve 12 cup of this chopped mixture for garnish, if desired. Season, to taste, with salt.nPut all ingredients into a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Serve chilled and garnish with the avocado and reserved diced vegetables, if desired., ingredients: [4 ripe tomatoes, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 ounces cider vinegar or sherry vinegar, 2 cups tomato juice, 1 cup diced stale or lightly toasted baguette bread, 2 cucumbers, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 1 red pepper, chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 bunch fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 12 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno pepper, seeded can substitute hot sauce, Kosher salt, Sliced or diced avocado, for garnish], title: Gazpacho, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 40059: {instructions: In a large pot, combine the salt, water, and potatoes and bring to a boil. Cook until the potatoes are forktender, approximately 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the pot to a cooling rack and let stand for 5 to 7 minutes. Serve as is or with butter, pepper, or chives., ingredients: [1 14 pounds kosher or rock salt, 2 quarts water, 2 pounds small fingerling potatoes, cleaned, 4 tablespoons butter, optional, Freshly ground black pepper, optional, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped chives, optional], title: Perfect Fingerling Potatoes, picturelink: xg7oTg6icuPToK8eGKjQgjvBJV9GPZy}, 40060: {instructions: Juice of 3 oranges Juice of 3 lemons 2 apples, peeled, cored and sliced 12 pineapple, peeled, cored and sliced 12 cup sugar, or to taste 12 pound grapes 12 pound plums, pitted 1 quart strong tea, chilled 1 quart crushed ice 1 quart soda water, optional., ingredients: [Juice of 3 oranges, Juice of 3 lemons, 2 apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 12 pineapple, peeled, cored and sliced, 12 cup sugar, or to taste, 12 pound grapes, 12 pound plums, pitted, 1 quart strong tea, chilled, 1 quart crushed ice, 1 quart soda water, optional], title: Ponche de Frutas Fruit Punch, picturelink: null}, 40061: {instructions: In a large stock pot, bring 1 gallon of water and 14 cup of the green onions to a boil. Add crab boil, mix and reduce heat to a slow boil or simmer. Add all chicken pieces and continue to simmer for 8 to 10 minutes. Turn off heat and allow the chicken to soak for 5 to 15 minutes.nStrain water. Place chicken on a large tray. Season with a light coating of garlic powder, to taste, and parsley and rub into meat.nPlace all chicken pieces on grill. Baste chicken with generous portions of sauce, repeat if necessary. Grill until the chicken skin is crispy.nThis dish is delicious if you have a taste for red pepper and something cold to drink nearby. However, if you are not a fan of peppery foods, I would not suggest this dish for your table., ingredients: [12 cup green onions, chopped, 2 whole chickens, cut into pieces, 1 cup spicy crab boil spice mix, Garlic powder, 2 cups Cajun barbeque sauce, 12 cup fresh parsley, chopped], title: Spicy Crab Boil BBQ Chicken with Cajun Barbeque Sauce, picturelink: b5KRQ9hxkdje67EqbSvBiBZdXSvbUi}, 40062: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometernFor the cheesecake mixture: Line a baking sheet with wax paper. Beat the cream cheese until smooth in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the sugar, vanilla and graham cracker crumbs and beat until well combined. Scoop 1tablespoon balls of the cheesecake mixture onto the prepared baking sheet. Freeze for about 30 minutes.nFor the strawberry sauce: Meanwhile, combine the strawberries, sugar and lemon juice in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring often, until the sugar is dissolved and the berries begin to break down and to give off their juices, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Strain through a finemesh sieve to remove the seeds. Set aside.nFor the batter: Heat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a deep, heavybottomed pot over medium heat until the oil registers 350 degrees F on a deepfrying thermometer. Line a baking sheet with paper towels and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Add the milk and whisk until smooth.nWhen the oil is ready, remove the cheesecake balls from the freezer. Working in batches, add the cheesecake balls to the batter a few at a time, turning to coat. Remove from the batter, allowing excess to drip off, and then carefully add to the oil. Fry, turning occasionally, until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per batch allow the oil to return to temperature between batches. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and drain on the paper towels.nServe warm, with strawberry sauce., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup graham cracker crumbs, 1 pound fresh or frozen strawberries, cleaned and quartered if fresh, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup whole milk], title: DeepFried Cheesecake Bites, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 40063: {instructions: Place relish in the bottom of a bowl. Whisk in vinegar then extravirgin olive oil. Add cucumber, celery, peppers and marinated vegetable of choice to the bowl. Toss salad and adjust salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [3 tablespoons pickle relish, 2 tablespoons cider or red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 seedless cucumber, quartered lengthwise and sliced 12 inch thick you can use a regular cuke, but seed it and if the skin is waxy, peel it, 5 to 6 ribs celery from the heart, sliced 12inch thick, 14 cup chopped hot or roasted red peppers or 12 small fresh bell pepper, whichever you have on hand, 1 small jar marinated mushrooms or artichoke hearts or 1 cup pickled vegetable salad, giardiniera, chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Cucumber and Celery Salad, picturelink: gJWDSmebI87OpKN1FQFdpKXy7Gthe}, 40064: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, combine the tuna, mayonnaise, bread crumbs, parsley, mustard, hot sauce, salt, and pepper. Mix well and shape the mixture into four equal patties, each about 1inch thick.nIf youre stopping here:nWrap the burgers tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate up to 3 days or freeze up to 3 months. Thaw completely in the refrigerator or microwave for 3 to 4 minutes on LOW before cooking.nWhen youre ready to eat:nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Unwrap the burgers and cook until golden brown and heated through, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Serve the burgers on buns with sliced tomato and pickles., ingredients: [3 6ounce cans light tuna in water, drained, 13 cup light mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons seasoned dry bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 hamburger buns or Kaiser rolls, 1 beefsteak tomato, sliced, 14 cup thinly sliced sweet pickles such as gherkins], title: Savory Tuna Burgers, picturelink: 3HKbGSjBDb5SUZ0psRpi4Psrz4SCMG}, 40065: {instructions: In a large sauce pot, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the celery, garlic, parsnip and onion, and saute for 15 minutes to build flavor, seasoning with salt and pepper as you go. Add the oregano, thyme and bay leaf, and cook on low for 3 more minutes. Turn the burner off and add the bourbon, return to the heat and reduce for 3 minutes. Add the split peas, ham and stock. Remember to season lightly as you cook. Cook until the peas are tender and the soup has reduced to the desired consistency, about 1 hour. Pull the ham piece and herbs from the pot and, using an immersion blender, blend the soup until mostly smooth. Cut the ham into 12inch pieces and add back to the pot. Serve with the toasted baguette., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 parsnips, peeled and chopped, 1 large onion, chopped about 2 cups, Kosher salt and fresh ground pepper, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 2 ounces bourbon, 1 pound split peas, picked through for pebbles then rinsed with cold water, One 8ounce piece smoked ham, 8 cups chicken broth, 12 baguette, sliced and toasted], title: Split Pea and Smoked Ham Soup, picturelink: s2dNw0droPl7ArI8.u58i4CeFYP8cy}, 40066: {instructions: Preheat an ovenproof skillet over high heat. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper, to taste. Add 1 tablespoon of canola oil to the pan. Add the pork chops and sear on both sides until golden brown. Remove from skillet and set aside.nIn same skillet over medium heat add the remaining tablespoon of canola oil, the onions and mushrooms and saute until slightly softened. Add the flour and cumin and cook until lightly golden in color. Stir in the chicken broth and mustard, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, add the parsley and return all but 1 pork chop back into skillet. Reserve the 1 pork chop for Round 2 Recipe Pork Cabbage Wraps. Season with salt and pepper and spoon the gravy over the pork chops. Simmer for 5 minutes, or until pork chops are cooked through. Transfer to serving plates and serve with the Iceberg Wedge Salad.nRemove the core from the lettuce and cut into 4 quarters. Arrange on serving plates and set aside.nIn a small skillet saute bacon until crisp. Remove from skillet, to a plate lined with a paper bag or paper towels. Once cooled, chop into small pieces and add to a small bowl. In the skillet over low heat, add the brown sugar, vinegar and salt and pepper, to taste. Whisk together until combined and sugar is completely dissolved. Stir in the egg and bacon and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour over the top of the iceberg wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [5 endcut pork chops, about 1 14 to 1 12 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, divided, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 14.5ounce can chicken broth, 2 tablespoons spicy mustard, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, Iceberg Wedge Salad, recipe follows, for serving, 1 head iceberg lettuce, 4 slices bacon, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 hardboiled egg, finely chopped], title: Smothered Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 40067: {instructions: Heat a nonstick skillet over moderate heat. Add butter and sliced fruit and saute for 5 minutes until the slices of fruit are tender. Season fruit with nutmeg and cinnamon as it sautes. Sprinkle in brown sugar and cook 2 or 3 minutes longer to coat fruit.nSpoon the warm fruit over vanilla ice cream and garnish with a couple of cookies or wafer sticks.nMix and match all apple, all pear, use whichever fruits you have on hand, you can even saute sliced peaches or sliced banana and still use the method provided in this recipe., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 McIntosh apples, peeled, quartered, cored, and thinly sliced, 1 ripe Anjou or Bosc pear, peeled, quartered, and thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, a few pinches or freshly grated, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 cup a handful brown sugar, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 8 wafer stick cookies, vanilla wafers, or ginger snaps], title: Escalloped Fruit and Ice Cream, picturelink: 4LxqyFVj8GGsKSx7z27DNbCBMFC0zW}, 40068: {instructions: In a sauce pan combine oil, onion and green pepper. Saute over medium heat until vegetables are tender. Sprinkle in cayenne pepper. Add heated chicken stock and tomatoes. Bring to a boil. Add rice and stir. Cover and reduce to a simmer. Continue simmering over low heat until all liquid is absorbed. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil, 1 small onion, diced, 1 green pepper, diced, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 cup chicken stock, 1 28 ounce can of tomatoes, crushed, 1 cup rice], title: Spicy Rice, picturelink: null}, 40069: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nDrain and rinse all liquid off beans. Combine beans in a bowl and set aside. Begin cooking bacon in a saute pan. Begin roasting yams in preheated oven until soft, and remove to let cool enough to handle.nHeat olive oil in another large saute pan for the lamb. Season the rack of lamb with salt and pepper. Place lamb into hot pan and sear meat all around.nRemove bacon to drain on paper toweling. In same pan lightly saute onion and garlic in bacon fat until translucent. Add red wine and reduce by half.nPlace the lamb in a roasting pan and roast in the oven until done to your liking, about 15 to 20 minutes for medium rare, an internal temperature of 125 degrees F this means that because of the 5 to 8 minutes of carryover cooking while it rests, you pull it out at 120 degrees F so it will end up at 125 degrees F for medium rare.nWhen yams are cool enough to handle, peel off skin and add butter and cream and mash. Season with salt and pepper, as needed.nRemove the lamb to a utility platter and let rest before slicing.nAdd demiglace and tomato paste to the pan with the onion, garlic, and bacon fat, then incorporate all beans with mixture. Lower heat and simmer. Add rosemary and chives. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace sweet potatoes in the middle of a serving platter. Surround potatoes with bean ragout. Slice rack of lamb in between bones and lay over potatoes. Spoon demiglace sauce over and serve., ingredients: [1 16ounce can dark red kidney beans, 1 16ounce can white kidney beans, 1 16ounce can black beans, 4 ounces bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 pounds sweet potatoes or yams, 18 cup olive oil, 4 pounds domestic rack of lamb, left whole with silver skin removed, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small red onion, chopped fine, 3 cloves garlic, chopped fine, 12 cup dry red wine, 12 pound butter 2 sticks, 14 cup cream, 1 12 cups demiglace brown sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives], title: New Zealand Rack of Lamb with Sweet Potato Mash and Three Bean Ragout, picturelink: XsKcAgOhjtTGI3fpd0SsWFTdhRjwESG}, 40070: {instructions: Quarter a pineapple lengthwise peel, core and thinly slice. Toss in a baking dish with a shot of bourbon, 14 cup brown sugar and a pinch of allspice dot with 2 tablespoons butter. Bake at 350 degrees F, stirring twice, about 1 hour, 30 minutes. Serve with coconut sorbet.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Bourbon Pineapple, picturelink: 8Vu2T2Yejn9fvgZI3dA0jUrm7im7Q1e}, 40071: {instructions: In a large pot, set a steamer basket over boiling water. Dice the tempeh into 1inch cubes and steam, covered, for 5 minutes or until soft. Set aside.nIn a saucepan, heat the vegetable and sesame oils over mediumhigh heat, and saute the garlic for 15 seconds. Add the sliced onion and peppers and stir fry for 3 to 4 minutes.nStir in the ginger and soy sauce and add the steamed tempeh. Stir fry for 3 more minutes. Serve immediately over hot rice., ingredients: [1 pound tempeh, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon roasted sesame oil, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 medium red bell pepper, sliced, 1 medium green bell pepper, sliced, 1 12inch piece fresh ginger, minced, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 3 cups hot cooked rice], title: Tempeh Pepper Steak, picturelink: null}, 40072: {instructions: Using a food processor, combine the mirin, soy sauce, fish sauce, rice vinegar, lime juice, garlic, sambal, sweet soy sauce, sake, and green onions. Blend at high speed until the mixture achieves a smooth consistency. Divide the marinade in half and place in 2 separate pans.nTrim the chicken breast, removing all of the fat and sinew. Cut the chicken lengthwise into 4 inch strips. Stab the skewers through the chicken and soak in 1 of the pans filled with marinade for at least 2 hours.nThread the prepared shiitake caps, tomatoes, onion, and eggplant onto a new set of skewers, and soak in the other pan of marinade. Let sit for at least 2 hours.nWhen other elements are ready, grill skewers over medium high heat for 3 to 4 minutes per side.nOn a large plate, spread the Peanut Sauce to cover about 34 of the plate. Place a radicchio cup in the center of the plate and fill with the Somen Noodle Salad. Place 4 chicken skewers and 1 vegetable skewer on the plate and garnish with the remaining 2 tablespoons green onions and peanuts.nPrepare a medium saucepot coated with oil over medium heat. When the oil shimmers, add the shallots and saute until carmelized. Deglaze the pan with the fish sauce and add the coconut milk, peanut butter, sweet soy sauce, and sambal. Stir to combine and then bring to a boil for 2 minutes. Remove from heat, pour into a food processor, and blend until smooth.nBring a large pot filled with salted water to a boil, add the somen noodles cook for about 2 minutes. Immediately transfer the noodles to a bowl filled with ice water to stop the cooking. Drain the noodles and drizzle with the canola oil to prevent them from sticking.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the noodles, radicchio, carrots, 2 tablespoons of green onions, peanut sauce, sweet soy sauce, lime juice, salt and pepper. Mix well to coat the noodles. Place in the refrigerator until ready for use.nBeverage suggestion: Thai style beers like Singha and Limonade from France like sprite to make shandiespanaches., ingredients: [1 cup mirin, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 2 teaspoons sambal, 1 12 cups rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons sweet soy sauce, 12 cup sake, 2 bunches of green onions, white parts only, plus more for garnish, 1 12 pounds of boneless chicken breasts, Wooden skewers, soaked one hour before use, 4 large shiitake caps, 1 large tomatoes, cut in cubes, 1 medium red onion, cut into 12 inch chunks, 1 Chinese eggplant, cut into 12 inch rounds, Peanut Sauce, recipe follows, 4 radicchio cups, Somen Noodle Salad, recipe follows, Roasted peanuts, for sprinkling, 12 cup canola oil, 2 cups shallots, diced, 1 12 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 13.5 ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk, 1 cup peanut butter, 4 tablespoons sweet soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sambal, 3 bundles somen noodles, 1 cup radicchio cut into thin strips, 1 cup carrots, peeled and cut into thin strips, 4 tablespoons green onions, diced, green parts only, 12 cup Peanut Sauce, recipe precedes, 2 tablespoons sweet soy sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt and pepper, to taste, Canola oil, for drizzling], title: Chicken and Vegetable Satay with Somen Noodle Salad and Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40073: {instructions: In a large saute pan melt butter and add onions. Saute until cooked through and well browned. Ease crawfish into onion mixture and add salt, pepper and cayenne. Cook for 3 minutes. Add Velveeta and heavy cream. Pour over drained fettuccini. Top with Parmesan. In a preheated 350degree oven, bake for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove and serve., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, 2 medium white onions, 2 pounds frozen Louisiana crawfish, Salt, pepper and cayenne, to taste, 1 8ounce block Velveeta, 1 quart heavy cream, 1 pound fettuccini, cooked, 3 ounces grated Parmesan], title: Crawfish Fettuccini ShaqaRoni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 40074: {instructions: Special equipment: short wooden skewers or long toothpicksnPut the chocolate and coconut oil in a glass bowl over a pot of simmering water to melt.nWhile the chocolate is melting, cut the strawberries in half from top to bottom. Slice a little v shape into the middle of each half, in order to turn them into hearts. Place on a paper towellined plate to dry for 5 minutes.nPierce each strawberry half on a slight diagonal with a wooden skewer or long toothpick to look like an arrow going through. Dip the strawberries into the melted chocolate, covering them entirely. Refrigerate until set, 30 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [4 ounces semisweet or dark chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon coconut oil, 8 ounces strawberries], title: Chocolate Strawberry Hearts, picturelink: Yb0ZnzDRSSra4vevByAXeWJOQmJfMm}, 40075: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 wooden or metal skewers wooden skewers should be soaked in water prior to threadingnIn a small bowl whisk the oil, mint, cumin, salt, coriander, pepper, garlic, lemon zest and lemon juice until combined. Place the lamb in the bowl toss to coat. Cover and place in the refrigerator to marinate for at least 2 hours.nPreheat the grill.nThread each skewer with 2 to 3 pieces of lamb, 2 tomato halves, 2 pieces of zucchini and 2 chunks of onion. Discard any remaining marinade. Grill the kabobs, turning occasionally, until they are cooked through and reach an internal temperature of 145 degrees F, 10 to 12 minutes. Serve with the hummus and cucumber yogurt sauce., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, diced, Zest of 1 lemon, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 12 pounds lamb tenderloin, fat trimmed and cut into 1inch cubes, 16 cherry tomatoes, 2 medium zucchini, sliced into 1inch chunks, 1 medium white onion, cut into 1inch chunks, Eight 6inch whole wheat pitas, quartered, 1 cup prepared hummus, 12 cup prepared cucumber yogurt sauce], title: Lamb Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 40076: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 13 by 17inch sheet pan and line the bottom and sides with parchment or waxed paper.nSift together the 3 cups sugar, flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Transfer to a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or use a hand mixer and blend briefly. Whisk together the eggs, milk, oil, and vanilla extract in a medium bowl and add to the dry ingredients and mix at low speed for 5 minutes. Gradually add the hot water, mixing at low speed just until combined. The batter will be quite thin. Pour the batter into the pan. Bake until a tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean a few crumbs are okay and the center feels firm to the touch, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in the pan. Chill, covered, until ready to build the cake. Make room in your freezer for a serving platter that youll build the cake on.nPlace a piece of parchment over the entire cake and flip it out onto another sheet pan. Peel off the original parchment and cut the cake in half so you have 2 pieces 13 by 8 12 inches. Place a piece of cake on a rectangular serving platter and schmear the ice cream on it all the way to the edges. Smooth it out with an offset spatula and place back in the freezer.nAfter it has chilled 15 minutes or so place the second layer of cake on top, cover with parchment paper and press down with a sheet pan gently to stick the top layer. Return to the freezer while you make the chocolate topping.nIn a small saucepan, heat the 1 cup of cream and once it comes to a boil pour it over the chopped semisweet chocolate and whisk to make a smooth ganache. Do the same with the remaining 12 cup of cream and the white chocolate, adding the mint extract and green coloring to make a light mint green color then place it in small pastry bag with a small plain tip.nRemove the cake from the freezer and working quickly spread the chocolate ganache over the surface of the cake smoothing it with an offset spatula.nDrizzle lines of the green ganache over the entire surface of the cake at diagonal. Take a toothpick and run it back and forth in the opposite direction to draw it through the ganache and make decorative pattern.nReturn to the freezer until ready to serve. Trim off the edges to even off the cake then cut into rectangle pieces., ingredients: [3 cups sugar, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 18 cups cocoa powder, preferably Dutchprocess, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 2 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups milk, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups very hot water, 1 pint mint chocolate chip ice cream, slightly softened, 1 cup cream, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, 12 cup cream, 4 ounces white chocolate, Drops mint extract, optional, Drops green food coloring, optional], title: Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: KEZhE2xnnmqjNTOE72ZgZanZiwI3lci}, 40077: {instructions: Peel cucumbers and cut them lengthwise. Scrape out seeds with small spoon, leaving hollow shells. Cut cucumbers crosswise into 14 inch strips. Combine soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, sesame seed oil, hot sauce, salt and pepper in a small bowl and mix well. Add cucumber and toss to coat each slice. Chill before serving., ingredients: [4 cucumbers, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Spicy Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 40078: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and butter 6 1 14 cup ramekins or a shallow 2quart ceramic or glass baking dish. Line the bottom of a baking pan large enough to snugly hold the ramekins or baking dish with a clean kitchen towel and bring a large saucepan of water to a boil. The towel will prevent the ramekins from hitting the pan as they bake.nSpread the bread out in a single layer on a baking sheet and place in the oven until slightly dried out, about 7 minutes. Let cool. Cut the bread into 12inch cubes and divide evenly among the ramekins.nCombine the butter, sugar, and 2 tablespoons water in a large saucepan. Stir over low heat until smooth and bubbling at the edges, about 10 minutes. Add 2 cups of the halfandhalf and the salt. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and bring almost to a boil.nWhisk the eggs and egg yolks with the remaining cup of halfandhalf and the vanilla in a large bowl until well blended. Slowly pour in the hot halfandhalf mixture, whisking constantly. Ladle the mixture evenly into the ramekins or baking dish.nArrange the filled ramekins or baking dish on the towel in the pan. Place the pan on the middle rack of the oven and carefully pour in enough of the boiling water to reach about halfway up the sides of the dishes. Cook until golden and set in the middle, 35 to 40 minutes for ramekins, 40 to 45 minutes for the 2quart dish. Transfer to wire racks to cool.nPrepare the vanilla sauce as directed. Stir the espresso powder into the sauce while warm. Cool and chill before serving with the pudding.nOr alternatelyn1 pint vanilla ice cream, softened in the refrigerator overnightnCombine the milk and vanilla bean in a small saucepan. Heat over mediumhigh heat until small bubbles form around the edge. Remove from the heat, cover, and infuse the milk for 10 minutes. Scrape the seeds of the bean into the milk. Rinse and dry the bean and save for another use such as putting it in your bag of sugar, which will turn it into vanilla sugar.nWhisk the egg yolks with the sugar and salt in a large heatproof bowl until thick and light, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the hot milk. Return the custard to the pan and stir over low heat until slightly thickened or until a finger drawn across a wooden spoon dipped in the sauce leaves a mark about 160 degrees F. Do not boil, or the sauce will curdle. Strain into a large bowl and cool to room temperature. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until well chilled, at least 2 hours.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [12 slices homemadestyle white bread, about 34 pound, crusts removed, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 1 12 cups firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 3 cups halfandhalf, 12 teaspoon table salt, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 recipe Vanilla Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 2 cups whole milk, 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise, 5 large egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon table salt], title: Butterscotch Bread Pudding with Coffee Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40079: {instructions: Seed and peel papaya. Peel mango and cut flesh from pit. Cut papaya and mango into 14inch dice and in a small bowl toss with onion and lime juice. Stir diced jalapeno into salsa with coriander and salt and pepper to taste. Chill salsa, covered, at least 2 hours and up to 24, ingredients: [12 firm ripe papaya, 1 medium firm ripe mango, 12 medium red onion, chopped fine, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 small jalapeno chili, seeded and minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh coriander], title: Papaya Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 40080: {instructions: Combine the lentils, 6 cups water, the tomato, ginger, turmeric, cayenne and 1 12 teaspoons salt in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a simmer and cook, vigorously whisking occasionally, until the lentils are broken up and the mixture is thick, about 45 minutes.nMelt the butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute stir into the lentils along with the cilantro and lemon juice. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 12 cups dried red lentils, rinsed, 1 large tomato, chopped, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and minced, 34 teaspoon turmeric, Large pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Cilantro Lentils, picturelink: SecMdZTSAKYfAkdbs1GDQ0X9s9AsJu}, 40081: {instructions: For the broth: Saute the fish scraps in olive oil in a large pot until they turn red. Stir in some salt and pepper and the onions, carrots and celery and cook for a few minutes. Mix in the tomato paste until almost attached to the pot. Pour in the wine to deglaze, and cook until reduced to almost dry. Add the stock, tomatoes, dill, lemon juice, saffron, basil and parsley. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer and cook slowly for a couple of hours. Strain the broth and return to the pot. Add the clams and mussels, cover and cook until they open, and then remove them from the pot and reserve.nFor the bouillabaisse: Heat the oil in a large pot until hot. Add the shrimp, scallops, fish and lobster tails and sear until cooked. Stir in potatoes, tomatoes, herbs and fennel. Divide the vegetables and fish among four bowls, and add the reserved mussels and clams. Pour over the broth and garnish with croutons and saffron aioli., ingredients: [2 pounds shellfish scraps, such as lobster bodies and shrimpshells, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 onions, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 cup tomato paste, 6 ounces white wine, 1 gallon vegetable stock or water, 3 tomatoes, chopped, 1 sprig fresh dill, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 pinch saffron, 12 bunch fresh basil, 12 bunch fresh parsley, 1 pound clams, 1 pound mussels, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 shrimp, 8 scallops, Four 3ounce pieces fresh fish, such as a grouper and salmon, 2 lobster tails, cut in half, 1 pound diced cooked potatoes, 1 cup freshly diced tomatoes, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, chives and scallions, 1 bulb fennel, shaved, Croutons, for garnish, Saffron aioli, for garnish a mixture of roasted garlic,saffron, mayonnaise, lemon juice and salt and pepper], title: Cassis Bouillabaisse, picturelink: null}, 40082: {instructions: In a food processor, add all ingredients and process until smooth, 25 to 35 seconds depending on blender speed. Scrape down sides as needed. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [23 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup loosely packed Italian flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons Memphisstyle BBQ sauce, 2 tablespoons Creolestyle mustard, 1 teaspoon Sriracha sauce, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 2 green onions, ends trimmed, roughly chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 medium Anaheim pepper, roughly chopped, 13 large red bell pepper, seeds removed, 12 stalk celery], title: Miss Dixies Remoulade, picturelink: 0.JYXClLaicXmJYMSnUvx1OaP5S3d.}, 40083: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the tenderloin: Cut the tenderloin in 4 medallions. Butterfly each medallion crosswise, and then place each medallion between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Using a meat mallet, pound until each patty is 18inch thick and 6 to 8 inches wide.nMix together the buttermilk, honey, granulated garlic, salt, onion powder and paprika in a bowl to make the marinade. Place the pork into a 9 by 13inch dish and cover in the marinade. Marinate in the fridge for 1 to 2 hours.nIn a large castiron skillet, heat oil over medium heat to 350 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nSet up a threestage breading station, with the flour, eggs and breadcrumbs in three separate baking dishes. Place the marinated tenderloins first in the flour, shake off any excess, and then in the eggs, and let any excess drip off, and then in the breadcrumbs. Press the patties into the breadcrumbs until total coverage is achieved.nOne at a time, fry each patty until golden brown, about 3 minutes, flipping if necessary. The pork is so thin, that by the time it is golden brown, it is done. Once the pork is finished, place it onto a wireracklined baking sheet and place in the oven to keep warm, if you like. If not, no worries, its just as good at room temperature.nFor the apricot mustard spread: Mix the mayonnaise, mustard, apricot preserves, honey and horseradish in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the sandwich build: On each bottom bun, place 2 slices American cheese and then top with the warm pork tenderloin. Top the pork with red onions, pickles and lettuce. Schmear the apricot mustard spread onto the top bun and then top the sandwich., ingredients: [One 1 12pound pork tenderloin, silver skin removed, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, Peanut oil, enough to fill your castiron skillet 1 to 2 inches high, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, beaten, 2 cups breadcrumbs, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 1 tablespoon apricot preserves, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon horseradish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 soft hoagie rolls, split in half lengthwise, buttered and lightly toasted, 8 slices American cheese, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, Sliced dill pickles, 4 to 8 iceberg lettuce leaves], title: Central Illinois Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: dBo2M53u2U2rB0LrRRAo39XzoFAPbiS}, 40084: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F175 degrees C. Grease and line a 9inch23cm springform pan.nBeat the yolks and sugar until light and pale. Beat in the cornstarch and corn flour until smooth. Beat in the pumpkin, rum and orange zest. Finally, in another bowl, beat the whites into peaks. Stir some of the whites into the pumpkin mixture to lighten it, then fold in the remaining whites. Pour the batter into the pan and bake until done, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nLet the cake cool slightly before running a knife around the edges of the pan and removing the sides. Serve slightly warm not too warm, or impossible to cut with cinnamon whipped cream., ingredients: [3 eggs, separated, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup cornstarch, 14 cup corn flour, 1 pound500 g2 cups butternut squash or pumpkin puree, 14 cup60 ml rum, Zest of 1 orange, Cinnamon whipped cream, for serving], title: Pumpkin Cake, picturelink: null}, 40085: {instructions: In a shallow pan, place the pork cutlets in a single layer. Pour 34 of the chile sauce marinade evenly over the meat, cover, and refrigerate at least 2 hours before grilling. For more intense chile flavor, marinate overnight.nPreheat grill on high. Reduce heat to 375 degrees F and place the marinated pork cutlets on the grill. Reserve the marinade for basting throughout the cooking process. Cook each side 2 to 4 minutes, depending on the thickness of each cutlet. Baste the pork with the marinade on each side before turning.nRemove pork cutlets from grill and set aside. Ladle about 2 ounces of the ready to serve Red Chile Sauce on each plate. Place the pork in the center of the plate and drizzle additional red chile sauce over the meat. Garnish with a sprig of cilantro and serve with your choice of calabacitas, papitas, pinto beans, or Spanish rice. The pork can also be cut into strips after grilling and wrapped in a warm flour tortilla as a burrito.nRemove the stems, seeds and white veins of the New Mexico red chile pods. Rinse and place the cleaned pods in a large bowl or saucepan and add enough hot water to cover the red chile pods. Soak for 30 minutes to 1 hour. When the pods are completely reconstituted, they should appear bright red and plump. Remove the chile pods with tongs and place in a blender with the water they were soaking in. Leave about 1inch space or more in the blender container. Add the oregano, garlic, and salt. Blend for 2 minutes. If sauce is too thick, add more water and blend until mixture is smooth., ingredients: [2 pounds pork loin, trimmed and cut into 12inch cutlets, Red Chile Sauce Marinade, recipe follows, 1 16ounce jar of your favorite readytoservered chile sauce,recommended: Cervantes Red Chile Sauce, 6 sprigs cilantro, 1 pound sunripened New Mexico red chile pods, dried, 14 teaspoon Mexican oregano, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Red Chile Pork Cutlets, Cervantes Style: Chuletas de Serdo en Chile Rojo, Estillo Cervantes, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 40086: {instructions: Pour all ingredients into a mixer. Shake and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with grapefruit peel., ingredients: [2 ounces grapefruitinfused vodka, 1 ounce lime juice, 34 ounce agave nectar], title: Grapefruit Gimlet, picturelink: null}, 40087: {instructions: Place drained artichokes near stovetop. Melt butter in skillet over moderate heat. Add artichokes and heat through, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving platter and cover with a blanket of cheese and parsley. Serve hot., ingredients: [5 cans quartered artichoke hearts in water, drained, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup shredded Parmigiano cheese, A handful flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Artichokes with Butter and Parmigiano Cheese, picturelink: null}, 40088: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the tater tots and the olive oil in a bowl. Toss to coat, spread on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown and crisp, about 30 minutes.nRemove the tater tots from the oven, season with salt and pepper and transfer to a mixing bowl. To the taters, add the garlic, parsley and cheese. Toss to combine and serve immediately., ingredients: [5 cups frozen tater tots, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons crushed garlic, 3 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Parmesan Taters, picturelink: 9QvoFpYniFOX2fWIRYp8vmrfZDywVDe}, 40089: {instructions: I worked on a plywood base so I could move the wall during its construction. The wall I made measured 30 by 35inches and weighed about 50 pounds. You can use the same techniques to make a smaller version. Make a base: Place metal rulers on a parchment paper lined surface so they form an open space that measures about 30 by 35 inches. If you dont have metal rulers, you could also use modeling clay or wood rulers. Pour tempered dark chocolate inside the open space to form a 12inchthick layer. Dark chocolate is stronger than white chocolate so that is the reason it is used at the base. When the chocolate has set, remove the rulers and peel off the parchment paper. Repeat this process with a layer of white chocolate. Use tempered chocolate to adhere the white layer to the bittersweet layer. The white chocolate layer will be the grout between the bricks.nMake the bricks: Mix red coloring to a large bowl of tempered white chocolate. Use an offset spatula to spread the red chocolate over the part of the base that will represent the brick layer. This layer should be about 12inch thick. Use the back of the offset spatula to roughen the surface of the bricks to make them more realistic. Make sure you leave space for the door that will be added later. Use a straight edge as a guide as you draw your finger through the red chocolate to create the grout lines. My centerpiece had 13 rows of bricks. The bricks are about 4 inches wide by 2 inches tall with a 12inch grout. Allow the chocolate to set. When the chocolate has set, use an airbrush with red and black paints to give the brick character. Make the door: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered bittersweet chocolate over a sheet of acetate. Let the chocolate set slightly. Use a paring knife to cut the outline of the door. You should size this to fit the opening at the bricks. My door was 11 inches wide by 23 inches tall and had a curved at top. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate. At this time, you can also cut the door handle and 2 hinges. My hinges were each 1inch by 2.5 inches and my handle was 112inches in diameter Use your airbrush to paint graffiti on the wall.nSources: Chocolate Melter: Demarle Chocolate Cold Spray: PCB in France 011 33 0388 587333, ingredients: [25 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 25 pounds white chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, Powdered food coloring, as desired], title: Graffiti Wall, picturelink: EIzoYP5f1MEi8kBBvalVB39qJhhsXS}, 40090: {instructions: Place the arugula, lemon zest and juice, pine nuts, salt and pepper, to taste, and the garlic in the bowl of a food processor and pulse to grind. Let er rip and add the extravirgin olive oil in a slow steady stream. Once all the oil is in, add the cheese and pulse to combine. Arrange the radicchio and romaine in a salad bowl, top with dressing and toss to combine., ingredients: [2 cups arugula, about 3 handfuls, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small garlic clove, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a handful, 1 head radicchio, cored and chopped, 2 hearts romaine lettuce, chopped], title: Greens on Greens, picturelink: 5LYQEi4a5iUebPFzIBEmNbtgLSWy4a}, 40091: {instructions: Put the butter, sugar, and spices in the bottom of a mug. Muddle together with the back of a spoon. Add the rum and fill the mug with boiling water. Stir and serve, regardless if youve been naughty or nice, ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, softened, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Dash ground cinnamon, Dash ground nutmeg, 2 ounces dark rum, Boiling water], title: Naughty and Nice Buttered Rum, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 40092: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh. Place the 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, the olives, garlic, oregano, chili powder, paprika, coriander, cumin and allspice in a food processor pulse until smooth. Scrape the mixture into a large bowl and stir in 2 tablespoons mayonnaise.nMix the pork into the olive mixture season with salt and pepper. Shape into 4 patties, about 12 inch thick. Make a deep pocket in each stuff with some manchego, then close the patty around the cheese.nBrush the burgers with oil season with salt and pepper. Brush the grill with oil grill the burgers until marked on the bottom, 5 minutes. Flip and continue grilling until just cooked through, 5 more minutes.nBrush the cut sides of the rolls with the remaining 1 tablespoon mayonnaise grill until lightly toasted. Serve the burgers on the rolls with your choice of toppings.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 14 cup pimientostuffed Spanish olives, 4 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 14 pounds coarsely ground pork, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 pound manchego cheese, broken into bitesize pieces, 4 Portuguese rolls, split, Pimientos, tomato, red onion andor lettuce, for topping], title: ManchegoStuffed Pork Burgers, picturelink: sJnA1k2KSvihwo4PJtwdFBnD3X6BD.y}, 40093: {instructions: Saute cloves of garlic in olive oil until browned. Add sliced Hungarian pepper. Add drained tomatoes and reserve puree. Allow tomatoes to simmer 10 minutes. Break up tomatoes with masher. Add puree and seasoning.nBoil macaroni according to package directions and add asparagus during last minutes of cooking. Drain. Add marinara sauce simmered tomatoes, seasoning and puree mixture and grated Romano. Serve with additional sauce on the side., ingredients: [3 small cloves garlic, 13 cup olive oil, 1 small yellow Hungarian pepper, sliced, One 3pound can whole tomatoes, drained, puree reserved, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon oregano, Pinch salt, 1 pound box mostaciolli macaroni, 12 pound asparagus, halved, 14 cup grated Romano], title: Asparagus and Mustaches: Mostaciolli Sparagio, picturelink: null}, 40094: {instructions: Make the aioli: Combine the mayonnaise, lemon zest and juice, mustard and garlic in a food processor and process until combined. Transfer to a bowl, cover and refrigerate 1 hour before serving.nMeanwhile, prepare the mushrooms: In a shallow pan, soak the mushroom strips in the buttermilk, about 1 hour.nMake the batter: In a large bowl, combine the egg yolks, beer, flour, cornmeal, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper and the cayenne. Fill a large deep pot with about 1 12 inches peanut oil heat over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, beat the egg whites with a mixer until stiff peaks form. Gently fold the beaten egg whites into the batter. One at a time, dip the mushroom strips in the batter, then carefully lower into the hot oil. Do this in batches if necessarydo not crowd the pot. Fry until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes, turning with tongs. Remove and drain on a paper towellined plate. Sprinkle with sea salt and serve with the garlic aioli.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 13 cup fresh lemon juice from about 3 lemons, 12 tablespoon dijon mustard, 14 cup minced garlic 6 to 8 cloves, For the mushrooms:, 1 pound portobello mushrooms, stems and gills scraped out, cut into 12inch strips, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, separated, 34 cup beer preferably lager or pale ale, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup white cornmeal, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Peanut oil, for frying about 6 cups, Sea salt], title: BeerBattered Mushrooms with Garlic Aioli, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 40095: {instructions: For the Chicken Marsala:nIn a large saute pan, heat the olive oil on mediumhigh heat. Pound chicken breasts lightly on each side flipping twice. Place the bread crumbs in a shallow baking dish. Bread each breast by pushing down into bread crumbs and then flipping so both sides are breaded. Place the breasts in the hot pan and saute until lightly browned on each side. Drain the oil from the pan.nThe next 2 steps must be done quickly while pan is on the burner. Add the minced garlic to the hot pan, NOT on the chicken breasts. Add mushrooms, tomatoes, basil and marsala wine. Flip chicken breasts over placing them on top of the ingredients so they cook and the breasts do not burn. Let the alcohol burn off and let the wine soak in for a minute. Stir in the halfandhalf, marinara sauce, and chicken broth and cook over high heat. Add pepper and continue cooking on high heat until liquid reduces into a thick, golden brown sauce, 3 to 5 minutes.nIf serving right away. Remove the chicken breasts from the pan and transfer to a serving platter. Pour the sauce directly from the pan onto the chicken breasts and serve.nIf making ahead of time andor for a more tender and juicy Chicken Marsala. Do NOT remove the breasts instead pour the entire contents of the saute pan into a baking dish and put in a preheated 175 degrees F oven for 1 hour. Carefully remove chicken breasts and transfer to a serving platter. Pour the sauce from the pan over the chicken breasts and serve, ingredients: [1 12 cups virgin olive oil, 9 4ounce boneless skinless chicken breasts, 3 cups Italian bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 6 cups fresh sliced mushrooms, 1 12 cups fresh chopped tomatoes, 3 tablespoons fresh chopped basil leaves, 1 12 cups Marsala wine, 34 cups halfandhalf, 34 cups marinara sauce, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 pinch pepper], title: Roccos Famous Chicken Marsala, picturelink: null}, 40096: {instructions: Mix crabmeat, garlic, mayonnaise, herbs and seafood seasoning. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Using the 3 circle pastry cutter, pack with 2 tablespoons of the crab mixture. Form into cakes and freeze until ready to fry. To fry, place the flour in a shallow dish or bowl. Place the eggs in a separate bowl and the panko in another bowl. Dredge each crab cake in the flour, then the egg, then the bread crumbs, shaking off any excess. Fry quickly in olive oil. To assemble, place disk of mashed potatoes on top of crab cakes and heat together in a preheated 400 degree F oven until the top is crisp. Finish with a dollop of remoulade and a sprig of thyme.nCook potatoes until soft and drain. While potatoes are cooking, combine the cream and butter in a small saucepan and warm over medium heat until the butter melts. Remove the corn from the cob and roast or saute corn in oil until tender and slightly browned. Season with salt and pepper. Rice or smash the potatoes, add cream mixture, sauteed corn and chipotle puree, to taste. Shape into small disks.nPuree all ingredients in a blender.nCombine all ingredients in food processor or blender until smooth. Transfer to squeeze bottle., ingredients: [1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 4 cloves garlic, minced and roasted in olive oil, 4 ounces mayonnaise, Pinch chopped fresh tarragon leaves, Pinch fresh chopped thyme leaves, Dash seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Breading allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, lightly beaten with a little water, and panko bread crumbs, Olive oil, ChipotleHoney Mashed Potatoes with Roasted Corn, recipe follows, Remoulade, recipe follows, Thyme sprigs, for garnish, 5 Idaho potatoes, peeled and chopped, 1 cup hot cream, 4 ounces melted butter, 1 to 2 ears corn, shucked and kernels removed from cob, 2 tablespoons oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, ChipotleHoney Puree, to desired spiciness, recipe follows, 1 4 oz can chipotle in adobo, 14 bunch cilantro leaves, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, Honey, to taste, 2 to 3 shallots, peeled and roughly chopped, 12 cup roughly chopped cornichons, 1 tablespoon capers, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon brandy, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Creole Crabcakes, picturelink: null}, 40097: {instructions: Finely dice the cooked ham and set it aside.nPlace a heavy bottom sautoir or pan on mediumhigh flame. Add the olive oil and the butter. When the butter melts and becomes foamy add the chopped onions, let it saute until crispy, and do not let it brown.nAdd the diced ham, mix it in, lower the flame and let it sweat for about 15 minutes, stir it occasionally.nAdd the tomato sauce, mix it in, let it simmer for another 20 minutes, then add the parsley, simmer for 3 minutes, add the reduced heavy cream and the vodka, mix it all well and let simmer for 20 minutesnCheck the consistency, simmer for other 10 minutes if you need to, season and mix in the cooked penne, let it simmer for 2 minutes and serve it HOTnProcedure to cook the pasta: In a pastacooker or a soup pot, add 6 quarts of salted water and place it over mediumhigh flame. Bring the water to a boil, add the penne at once, lower the flame to medium, partially cover the pot, and let it cook for about 11 minutes, stirring occasionally, drain it and dress the pasta with your favorite sauce., ingredients: [12 pound cooked ham better to use Italian cooked ham, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 large white onions, finely chopped, 1.3 quarts 700 ml tomato sauce or blended canned peeled Italian tomatoes, 3 tablespoons finely chopped Italian parsley leaves, 1 quart heavy cream reduced by half 12 quart, 34 cup vodka, Salt and pepper, 2 pounds penne liscie  40 recommended: De Cecco], title: Pennette Ala Vodka, picturelink: RcDp2MyW8P6Xsh.ju13RRFRBBypKVxu}, 40098: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Generously butter a 12count muffin tin.nPeel, core and dice the apples into 12inch cubes. In a medium bowl stir together the diced apples with the walnuts and brown sugar.nDivide the apple mixture evenly into the muffin tin. Put 12 cinnamon buns, cinnamon side up, on top of the apple mixture. Put the muffin tin on a baking sheet and bake until the tops are golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Bake off remaining 4 buns for Round 2 Recipe Cinnamon Roll French Toast.nRemove the muffin tin from the oven and allow to cool for 5 minutes. Put a clean baking sheet on top of the muffin tin and flip to remove the sticky buns.nIn a small bowl, combine 1 container of the vanilla frosting save the other for Round 2 Cinnamon Roll French Toast with the pumpkin pie spice and 1 to 2 teaspoons of water. Mix until very thick and of pourable consistency. Drizzle over buns and serve., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan, 1 Granny Smith apple, 34 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup brown sugar, Two 8count tubes refrigerated cinnamon rolls, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice], title: Apple Walnut Sticky Buns, picturelink: hHAHx131hp5OUgUiX9CmFRClmUIoVO}, 40099: {instructions: Slice the eggplant into 12inchthick rounds. Soak in a bowl of lightly salted water, 15 to 20 minutes drain and squeeze out the excess moisture.nMeanwhile, slice the tomatoes and zucchini into 12inchthick rounds. Stem and seed the bell pepper slice the pepper and onion into 12inchthick rings.nHeat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Brush the vegetables with the olive oil on both sides and season with 12 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste. Grill the vegetables in batches if necessary, turning, until soft and marked, about 6 minutes for the tomatoes, 7 to 8 minutes for the bell pepper, onion and zucchini, and about 10 minutes for the eggplant. Let cool.nDrizzle the vegetables with the vinegar. Divide the zucchini and eggplant among plates and arrange in a circle, overlapping slightly. Top with the bell pepper, tomato and onion. Sprinkle with the basil.nPhoto by Kate Sears, ingredients: [1 small eggplant, Kosher salt, 3 medium tomatoes, 1 medium zucchini, 1 medium red bell pepper, 1 small red onion, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced], title: Grilled Ratatouille Salad, picturelink: c1QNSOms5UG4TjdOn8uAg2l6xrGtfhu}, 40100: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to boil for the potatoes. Saute the onion in a small pan in 2 tablespoons of butter until translucent and set aside. Boil the potatoes until tender.nWhile the potatoes are boiling, begin the dough. Whisk together the eggs, 14 cup water and sour cream and pour into a small pitcher or you can actually whisk them right in a container such as a 2cup glass measuring vessel. Mound the flour in the center of a clean roomtemperature work surface like a large wooden cutting board. Create a crater in the center of the mound. Pour enough of the egg mixture into the center to fill the crater. With a fork, gently begin to scramble the mixture within the confines of the crater, whilst integrating the flour from the sides of the crater as you carefully beat the egg mixture.nOnce this first amount of the egg mixture is mostly mixed in, shore up the sides of the mound again with flour, maintaining the crater shape. Repeat the process with a second pour of egg mixture into the crater, and again until you have combined all the egg mixture. Remember that making pasta is not an exact science. Depending on the flour, you may need more moisture to make the dough come together, in which case use a little extra milk or water. Conversely, if the dough is too wet, add a little more flour  but just enough to make it the right consistency. This is an acquired skill so be patient with yourself. Start kneading the dough with your palms, allowing the warmth of your hands to impart elasticity to the dough. Knead for a count of about 400 strokes or until you feel you have created a cohesive mass. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and allow it to rest for about 30 minutes.nReturn to the potatoes, drain, and mash them with the sauteed onion, chives, butter, milk, and salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nWork with 13 of the pasta dough at a time  keeping the balance wrapped in plastic wrap to prevent it from drying out. Use a pasta machine to gradually roll each section of the pasta down, successively reducing the setting on the machine until it is at a thickness of 116th of an inch.nCut 3inch circles of pasta, spoon some of the mashed potatoes into the center and fold the filled circles into half moons, sealing the edges with egg wash and pressing shut with your fingers or carefully with the times of a fork.nBring a large shallow saute pan of water to a boil, and gently boil the pierogi in batches for 2 or 3 minutes, removing carefully to a utility platter with a wooden spoon.nThe final step is to melt the butter in a large fry pan and saute the garlic for a few minutes until it is tender and imparts its flavor to the butter in the pan. Be careful not to burn either the butter or the garlic. Saute the pierogi in this garlic butter and serve., ingredients: [1 large red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons 14 stick butter, to saute the onion, 4 large potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, 6 garlic chives, white and tender green parts only, 3 tablespoons butter, for the mashed potatoes, 14 cup milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus some extra for the board and to adjust dough as needed, Milk or water, as needed to moisten, 1 or 2 eggs to make an egg wash to seal the pierogi, 2 to 4 tablespoons butter, to saute the pierogi, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, finely minced], title: Potato and Onion Pierogi, picturelink: null}, 40101: {instructions: Trim the brown crust off the top, bottom and sides of the angel food cake using a serrated knife. Thinly slice the cake.nWhisk 12 cup heavy cream and 14 cup malted milk powder in a small bowl until the powder is mostly dissolved let sit 5 minutes, then whisk again until the powder is completely dissolved and the mixture is slightly thickened. Lightly coat the bottom and sides of a 10inch tube pan with cooking spray. Press about half of the cake slices into the bottom of the pan and slightly up the sides in a single layer, trimming as needed. Drizzle half of the malted cream over the cake slices.nScoop half of the ice cream into the pan and spread with an offset spatula to make an even layer. Press some of the remaining cake slices on top of the ice cream to make an even layer, trimming the slices as needed. Drizzle with the remaining malted cream. Repeat with the remaining ice cream and cake slices. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, at least 4 hours and up to 5 days.nLoosen the edges of the cake with an offset spatula, then invert onto a platter. Beat the remaining 1 cup heavy cream and 2 tablespoons malted milk powder with a mixer until stiff peaks form. Spread over the top and sides of the cake and top with sprinkles.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 12ounce storebought angel food cake, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons malted milk powder, Cooking spray, 1 12 quarts vanilla ice cream, softened, White sprinkles, for topping optional], title: Vanilla Malted Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 40102: {instructions: Slice pepper in half, place in small pan of water and simmer for 20 minutes. Drain well, finely chop peppers and set aside.nIn large Dutch oven brown beef in oil over medium heat. Drain and add water, beer, and peppers. Bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes.nAdd garlic, salt, oregano, cumin, red pepper, chili powder, Tobasco, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 90 minutes.nChili may be eaten now or add masa harina and keep on low heat covered for an additional 15 minutes.nServe in hefty bowls. Garnish with sour cream and sharp cheddar cheese.nThe recipes for this contest, which were provided by contributors who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [2 serrano chiles, 2 habanero chiles, 6 lbs. sirloin cut in 1 12 cubes, 4 Tbs. vegetable oil, 4 cups water, 4 cups beer, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 Tbs. oregano, 2 Tbs. salt, 2 Tbs. cumin, 2 Tbs red pepper, 2 Tbs chili powder, 2 Tbs. Tabasco, 3 Tbs. masa harinaoptional], title: Red Growl, picturelink: null}, 40103: {instructions: Turn the heat under a 9inch skillet to medium low and sprinkle 12 teaspoon of polenta flour into the pan. Immediately sprinkle the cheese over the polenta, distributing it evenly. Cook for 1 12 to 2 minutes, running the edge of a spatula under the perimeter of the wafer as the cheese melts and hardens to loosen it from the pan. Remove from heat and let it settle for 1 minute.nUsing toaster tongs or a large tweezer and a spatula, lift the wafer from the skillet and turn over. Return to heat for 1 more minute.nTransfer the cheese wafer from the pan to a platter. If it breaks it doesnt matter because you must break it up anyway to eat it., ingredients: [12 teaspoon polenta flour, 13 cup loosely packed grated Montasio cheese or ParmigianoReggiano], title: Crisp Cheese Wafers FriuliStyle, picturelink: null}, 40104: {instructions: This decorative tart goes well with ice cream and makes a good dinner party dessert. The coconut is naturally oily, which helps to preserve the tart for a few days.nMake the Sweet Shortcrust Pastry, recipe follows, leaving to chill for 30 minutes before using.nRemove the paper and beans, brush with a little leftover beaten egg and return to the oven for 2 minutes. If there are any little holes or cracks in the pastry, just patch it up with any leftover raw pastry before you return it to the oven. Remove from the oven and set aside in the tin while you make the filling. The pastry can be baked a day in advance and kept covered until you need it.nFor the filling: whisk the eggs, caster sugar and cinnamon together in a bowl. Add the desiccated coconut and the melted butter, and mix well. Pour the filling into the cooked pastry crust, and bake in the oven until it is golden brown and just set in the center, about 40 to 45 minutes. Cooks Note: Sometimes I turn the oven down to 325 degrees F, after about 30 minutes, if it has already turned a good golden brown and I dont want it any darker.nRemove the tart from the oven, and let stand in the pan for about 10 minutes before carefully removing and allowing to cool on a wire rack. Dust the tart with icing sugar to serve.nPlace the flour, sugar, and butter in a food processor and whiz or pulse briefly. Add half the beaten egg and continue to whiz. You might add a little more egg, but not too much as the mixture should be just moist enough to come together.nIf making by hand, rub the butter into the flour until it resembles coarse bread crumbs. Then, using your hands, add just enough egg to bring the dough together. With your hands, flatten out the ball of dough, until it is about 34inch thick, and then wrap in plastic wrap or place in a plastic bag, and leave in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes or, if you are pushed for time, in the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [Sweet Shortcrust Pastry, recipe follows, 3 eggs, 8 ounces caster sugar superfine, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 5 ounces desiccated coconut unsweetened shredded or ground coconut, 1 stick plus 1 tablespoon butter, melted, Icing sugar confectioners, for dusting, 7 ounces allpurpose flour, sifted, 1 tablespoon icing sugar confectioners, 7 tablespoons chilled butter, cubed, 12 to 1 medium egg, beaten], title: Coconut Macaroon Tart, picturelink: null}, 40105: {instructions: For the Lentils: Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until golden brown. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and set aside. Cook the onion and carrot in the rendered fat until the onion softens. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add 3 cups of the water and wine and bring to a boil. Stir in the lentils, bay leaf and thyme and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover the pan partially and cook over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally until the lentils are tender, about 30 minutes. Add additional water is needed. Discard bay leaf and stir in the reserved bacon and parsley.nFor the Broccoli Rabe with Garlic and Pecorino Romano Cheese: Cook broccoli rabe in large pot of boiling salted water for 3 minutes. Drain and shock in ice water. Drain again and pat dry. Heat olive oil in a medium large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add broccoli rabe and saute until heated through, season with salt and pepper to taste. Remove from heat and sprinkle 4 tablespoons of the cheese over and toss to combine. Transfer to a platter and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons of cheese.nFor the Veal: Brush veal chops on 1 side with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Season with salt and dredge in the peppercorn mixture. Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Sear the veal peppercorn side down until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium turn the chops over and continue cooking 4 to 5 minutes for mediumrare doneness. Remove veal from pan. Increase heat to high, add shallots and cook until soft. Add wine and reduce until dry. Add stock and cook until reduced by half. Swirl in the butter and rosemary and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place veal over lentils and spoon sauce over., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 pound slab bacon, cut into small cubes, 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped, 1 large carrot, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 12 cups water, 14 cup dry red wine, 2 cups lentils, washed and picked over, 1 bay leaf, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 pounds broccoli rabe, tough stems peeled, 14 cup olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 4 34inch thick veal loin chops 8 to 10 ounces each, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons coarsely ground mixed peppercorns red, pink, green, black, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary], title: Veal Chops with Mixed Peppercorns on Lentils with Broccoli Rabe with Garlic and Pecorino Romano Cheese, picturelink: null}, 40106: {instructions: Heat a little canola oil in a castiron skillet over high heat until very hot. Sprinkle both sides of the rib eyes with granulated garlic, salt and pepper. Lower the heat to mediumhigh and place the rib eyes in the skillet without overcrowding. Sear the rib eyes until well browned, about 4 minutes. Flip the rib eyes and cook until mediummediumrare, about 4 minutes. Set aside, loosely cover with foil and let rest. Mix the ricotta, Cheddar and provolone in a bowl and reserve.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sweat the onions until soft and slightly golden in color, about 10 minutes. Set aside. Thinly slice the rib eyes and set aside.nDivide the onions in 4 piles. Top each pile with a quarter of the cheese mixture, a quarter of the rib eye and an open roll. Let the cheese melt and toast until everything is gooey. Scoop up with a spatula, flip rightsideup and top each with the giardinera. Serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 2 8ounce bonein ribeye steaks, at room temperature, Granulated garlic, to taste, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup shredded white cheddar cheese about 2 ounces, 12 cup shredded provolone cheese about 2 ounces, 1 medium onion, halved and sliced, 4 fresh crusty sub rolls, hinged, 1 cup jarred or homemade hot giardiniera, finely chopped in a food processor see below], title: SteakJoint Chicago Cheesesteaks, picturelink: UCK6MCK1Crghee3suQykSd2Re0tY.Cm}, 40107: {instructions: Cut slice of bacon in half vertically. Dip bacon in cheese and wrap around breadstick, cheese against bread. Dip outside of baconbreadstick in cheese also. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven until bacon is crisp. Serve cold or warm., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, 1 cup Parmesan or Romano cheese, freshly grated, 12 dried breadsticks, medium thickness], title: Bacon Breadsticks, picturelink: null}, 40108: {instructions: Put the lemon juice, hot pepper sauce, and chicken in a large sealable plastic bag and seal bag. Shake bag to coat chicken with hot pepper sauce mixture. Chill chicken in 1 layer, turning bag occasionally, 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F. Grease 1 large shallow baking pan.nTo make the coating: In a small saucepan melt the butter. Finely chop the parsley and in a bowl, stir together with the remaining coating ingredients.nDrain thighs in a colander and arrange, without crowding, in baking pan. Brush each thigh on all sides with melted butter and roll in coating, pressing crumbs gently to adhere and returning to pan.nBake the chicken, 40 minutes total, or until cooked through and golden brown. Chicken may be made 1 day ahead and cooled before being chilled in an airtight container.nServe chicken hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 2 34 pounds chicken thighs, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons packed fresh parsley leaves, 34 cup fine dry bread crumbs, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon paprika, 18 teaspoon cayenne], title: Deviled Chicken Thighs, picturelink: null}, 40109: {instructions: Combine the rice and 1 12 cups water in a medium saucepan bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook until most of the water is absorbed, about 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to low cover and continue cooking until all of the water is absorbed, about 12 more minutes. Uncover and transfer to a large bowl to cool slightly.nPreheat a large grill pan or grill over medium heat and brush with oil. Combine 2 tablespoons soy sauce, the vegetable oil, 1 12 teaspoons Sriracha and 1 teaspoon ginger in a bowl rub all over the pork. Transfer the pork to the grill pan cook about 8 minutes per side for medium doneness. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes thinly slice.nStir the remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons Sriracha and teaspoon ginger into the rice. Add the carrots, cucumber, lime juice and brown sugar and toss. Serve the rice and pork in the lettuce leaves top with cilantro and drizzle with more Sriracha. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 14 cups white rice, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Sriracha Asian chile sauce, plus more for drizzling, 1 12 teaspoons grated peeled ginger, 1 large pork tenderloin about 1 14 pounds, halved lengthwise, 2 carrots, diced, 12 English cucumber, diced, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, plus wedges for serving, 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 12 large Bibb or Boston lettuce leaves, Chopped fresh cilantro, for topping], title: Asian Pork Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 40110: {instructions: Special equipment: A pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip recommended: Ateco 7nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease a 13 by 9inch glass baking dish liberally with butter.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain the pasta and rinse with cold water. Set aside.nUsing kitchen scissors or a knife, remove the leaves from the stems of the chard. Discard the stems. Chop the leaves into 1inch pieces. In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute longer. Add the chard and cook, stirring constantly, until wilted, about 2 minutes. Allow the mixture to cool slightly. Place the ricotta cheese, peas, mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, basil, salt, and pepper in the bowl of a food processor. Add the cooled chard mixture and blend until smooth. Spoon the mixture into the prepared pastry bag and fill each manicotti shell with the filling. Place the stuffed manicotti in the prepared baking dish.nIn a medium heavybottomed saucepan, bring milk and cream to a simmer, over medium heat. Reduce heat to low. Add the fontina cheese and cook, stirring constantly, until the cheese is melted and the mixture is smooth. Remove the pan from the heat. Stir in the Parmesan cheese and basil.nPour the sauce over the stuffed manicotti and sprinkle with the mozzarella cheese. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes until the top is golden. Cool for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the pan, 12 manicotti or cannelloni pasta shells, 1 head about 12 ounces red or white Swiss chard, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 15ounce container whole milk ricotta cheese, 34 cup frozen petite peas, thawed, 1 cup shredded mozzarella 4 ounces, 34 cup grated Parmesan 2 ounces, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup whole milk, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 3 cups 6 ounces fontina cheese, grated, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 12 cups 6 ounces mozzarella, shredded], title: Swiss Chard and Sweet Pea Manicotti Winter, picturelink: 7KXc8UYnMJB.tl4gSPj.cLXLm2gstJ2}, 40111: {instructions: In a 3quart saucepan heat olive oil. Add carrots and onions and cook until soft. Add peppers and cook 2 minutes more. Add potatoes and stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until potatoes are cooked through and starting to fall apart, about 25 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nUse a stick blender, food processor or blender to puree soup. If necessary, return to pot and reheat. Garnish each portion with 1 teaspoon of pesto. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small carrot, peeled and finely diced, 12 small sweet onion, minced, 1 12 pound yellow and orange bell peppers, roasted, peeled, cut into small strips, 1 baking potato about 12 ounces peeled and diced into 12inch cubes, 3 cups vegetable or chicken stock, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons prepared pesto], title: Roasted Yellow Pepper Soup, picturelink: null}, 40112: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the marinade: In a large bowl, mix together the marinade ingredients. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Marinate at least 30 minutes, or in the refrigerator up to overnight.nFor the sauce: When youre ready to make the curry, place a large skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil and butter. When the butter has melted, add the GingerGarlic Paste and serrano peppers. Saute until lightly browned around the edges. Add the tomato paste and cook until the tomato has darkened in color, about 3 minutes. Add the garam masala and the paprika and saute for about 1 minute to draw out their flavors.nAdd the tomatoes, salt, and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil, turn down to a simmer, and cook until thickened, about 20 minutes. You may need more water depending on how much liquid the tomatoes give off.nMeanwhile, fire up your grill. When it is nice and hot, lightly brush it with oil. Place the chicken on the grill, shaking off some of the excess marinade. Cook until its charred, about 2 minutes on each side. Dont worry that the chicken will still be a little uncooked, it finishes cooking in the sauce.nPour the sauce into a blender or food processor, or use an immersion blender, and process until smooth. Pour back into the skillet and bring back up to a boil. Add the chicken and fenugreek leaves, if using. Take the heat down to a simmer and cook for about 10 minutes. Add the cream and stir through. Garnish with minced fresh cilantro, and serve over rice, with naan, or a crusty piece of breadnThrow the garlic, ginger, and canola oil in a minifood processor and let it go until it forms a semismooth paste. There will still be tiny little pieces in there, but overall, it should resemble a paste.nSave what you dont use in a small glass jar. It should last in the fridge for 2 to 3 weeks. Its a delicious addition to marinades, pasta sauces, stir fry sauces, slowcooker recipes, gravy etc. We always had a jar of this stuff in our fridge growing up., ingredients: [1 cup plain yogurt, whisked until smooth, 3 tablespoons GingerGarlic Paste, recipe follows or 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger and 3 cloves garlic put through a garlic press or finely minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, poked with a fork, and cut into large bitesized chunks, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 13 cup GingerGarlic Paste, recipe follows or 6 cloves garlic and 2inch thumb ginger minced, 2 serrano peppers, minced seeds removed if you dont want it spicy, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 2 teaspoons paprika, 8 Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 to 2 cups water, Oil, for grilling, 1 tablespoon dried fenugreek leaves optional, 12 cup heavy cream, Minced fresh cilantro, for garnish, Cooked rice, naan, or crusty piece of bread, for serving, 12 cup cloves garlic, whole, 12 cup fresh ginger, peeled, cut into 12inch slices, 14 cup canola oil], title: Chicken in Creamy Tomato Curry: Chicken Tikka Masala, picturelink: MSkWNbSmfVIRJAfvXQpYl2DnUrWD.uG}, 40113: {instructions: Place a spring roll wrapper on a flat surface with the corner pointed toward you. Lightly brush the center of the wrapper with maple syrup. Lay a slice of mango across the wrapper from corner to corner. Fold in the side corners of the wrapper toward the middle, fold up the bottom corner and then roll up. Seal the top of the wrapper by brushing some of the cornstarch mixture along the edges of the wrapper to help seal. Put onto a plate seamside down while preparing the remaining spring rolls.nHeat a wok or small skillet over mediumhigh heat and add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Add the rolls a few at a time and shallow fry, turning them as they become golden brown do not fry too many at one time and overcrowd the wok. Remove from the wok and drain on paper towels. Repeat with all of the rolls.nBrush the fried rolls with honey and roll in toasted coconut. Serve immediately with vanilla ice cream and a drizzle of maple syrup., ingredients: [12 small spring roll wrappers, Maple syrup, for brushing and drizzling, 12 slices mango, about 1inch in length and 12inch thick, 1 tablespoon cornstarch blended with 1 tablespoon warm water, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, Honey, for brushing, 12 cup sweetened coconut flakes, toasted, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Sweet Mango Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 40114: {instructions: Dredge loin in flour and shake off any excess. Dredge in eggs and then roll in the dried mushroom dust. In a hot skillet, add canola oil to coat the bottom, and sear each fillet over high heat until seared on all sides. Set aside.nIn a pot of boiling, salted water, blanch spinach for about 1 minute, until leaves are tender. Strain and immediately place in a bowl with ice and water to stop the cooking process. Squeeze out any excess water from the spinach with your hands and place in a food processor. Add Parmesan, heavy cream, butter, and salt and pepper, to taste. Process until mixture is smooth and resembles a course paste.nSpread the spinach mixture on 1 16inch sheet of plastic wrap. The mixture should be 1 inch from the edge and about 8 inches long. Place seared loin on the far end of the spinach and use the plastic wrap to surround the rest of the meat with the spinach. Twist the ends to make the roll tight. Place in the refrigerator for 1 hour to set the spinach. Remove puff pastry from the freezer to thaw.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out puff pastry until 14inch thick. Place as many rolls as you can side by side on the sheet and cut pastry in between them you will have the long strips from the width of the rolls. Roll each piece of pastry around the roll, leaving the twisted plastic sticking out the side, like candy. Roll until the pastry overlaps and cut off any excess. Brush the end with egg wash and seal tightly. Press the pastry firmly around the roll and squeeze the ends around the plastic. Prick pastry with a fork in several places. Place on a sheet pan or cookie sheet lined with parchment paper and place in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, until puff pastry is golden brown. To make sure meat is cooked to your liking, cut in half and check the doneness. If the meat is too rare, place the meat back in the oven for a few more minutes. Remove from oven and let rest for 5 minutes.nCut each steak in half. Hold on to the bundle as you pull the plastic wrap out the side. To do this, grab the end of the plastic that was sticking out the twisted end and pull. Some of the spinach mixture will be lost but most will still be inside.nIn a spice grinder coffee grinder grind mushrooms until finely ground. Do not use your regular coffee grinder. Purchase one especially for grinding spices., ingredients: [8 6ounce portions elk loin, trimmed, flour for dredging, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 cup porcini mushroom dust or other dried mushroom dust, recipe follows, Canola oil, 1 pound small spinach leaves, 12 cup Parmesan, grated, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 2 sheets puff pastry, Salt and pepper, 1 cup dried mushrooms, such as black chanterelle, porcini, or a mix], title: Porcini Crusted Elk Wellington, Creamed Spinach and Foie Gras in Puff Pastry, picturelink: null}, 40115: {instructions: Cut the steak into 34inch cubes and arrange on platter. Fill a fondue pot half full with vegetable oil. Heat on stove and transfer to burner. To serve, the meat is picked up with fondue fork and immersed into hot oil until cooked to desired doneness. Once cooked, the meat is dipped into accompanying sauces.nCombine all ingredients in a food processor and pulse 2 or 3 times. Adjust seasoning. Chill the sauce, covered, for at least 2 hours and up to 3 days. Transfer the sauce to a serving dish.nYield: 1 12 cupsnIn a small saucepan combine vinegar, wine, shallots, and dried tarragon and simmer over moderate heat until reduced to 2 tablespoons of liquid. Cool and strain through a fine sieve.nIn the top of a double boiler or a heatproof bowl, whisk the egg yolks until they become thick and sticky. Whisk in the reduced vinegar mixture, salt, and pepper. Place the pan or bowl over a saucepan of simmering, not boiling, water. Whisk until mixture is warm, about 2 minutes. If mixture appears to become lumpy, dip pan immediately in a bowl of ice water to cool, whisk until smooth and then continue recipe. The yolk mixture has thickened enough when you can see the bottom of the pan between strokes and mixture forms a light cream on the wires of the whip.nWhile whisking the yolk mixture, gradually pour in the melted butter, a tablespoon or so at a time whisking thoroughly to incorporate before adding more butter. As the mixture begins to thicken and become creamy, the butter can be added more rapidly. Do not add the milk solids at the bottom of the melted butter.nSeason the sauce, to taste, with fresh tarragon, salt, and pepper. To keep the sauce warm, set the pan or bowl in lukewarm water or in a thermos.nYield: 1 to 1 12 cupsnIn a medium saucepan heat oil. Add onions and garlic and saute until softened. Add rest of the ingredients and cook at a simmer for about 15 minutes. Thin out with water if necessary.nYield: 2 cupsnWine Suggestions: White Wines: Fendant Sancerre Pouilly Fume Red Wines: Georges Duboeuf Beaujolais, chilled, ingredients: [2 pounds fillet steak, Vegetable oil, Curried Chutney Sauce, recipe follows, Bearnaise Sauce, recipe follows, Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup plain yogurt, drained in cheesecloth, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup mango chutney, drained and chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons toasted curry powder, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 14 teaspoon cayenne toasted, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 tablespoon dried tarragon, 3 egg yolks, Salt and pepper, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted in saucepan, 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons onion, finely minced, 1 garlic clove, finely minced, 2 cups chili sauce, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons water, Pinch red pepper flakes, Salt], title: Fondue Bourguignonne, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 40116: {instructions: Combine the olive oil, garlic, cilantro and 1 teaspoon each of the salt and pepper in a blender. Puree until smooth.nIn a large bowl, mix together the turkey or chicken, egg and cilantro paste. Add the bread crumbs and mix only until combined. Roll into small walnutsized meatballs in the palms of your hands and place on a tray in the refrigerator.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil in a large stockpot over high heat. Saute the leeks and carrots with the remaining 2 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper for 2 to 4 minutes. Add the cabbage, jalapenos and tomatoes and cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables are limp, about 3 minutes longer. Pour in the chicken stock. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat until nearly smoking. Add the chilled meatballs in batches, shaking the pan to prevent sticking, and brown on all sides. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain.nWhen all the meatballs are browned, transfer to the simmering stock and cook an additional 5 to 10 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and serve hot., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 8 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 bunches cilantro, leaves only, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground turkey or chicken, preferably dark meat, 1 large egg, beaten, 23 cup fresh bread crumbs, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 large leek, trimmed, washed and thinly julienned, 4 medium carrots, peeled and diced, 14 head white cabbage, cored, and thinly sliced, 1 to 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and thinly julienned, 3 medium Roma tomatoes, cored, seeded and diced, 2 12 quarts chicken stock, 3 tablespoons white vinegar], title: Turkey Albondigas Soup, picturelink: null}, 40117: {instructions: In a skillet set over moderately high heat, cook the sausages until they are browned well, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and slice.In a large skillet set over moderately high heat, heat the oil until it is hot. Add the garlic and cook it, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the peppers, herbs and salt and pepper to taste and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the peppers are softened. Add the reserved sausages and broth and simmer the mixture, stirring, until the sausages are heated through. In a large saucepan of boiling salted water cook the pasta until it is al dente and drain. Transfer the pasta to a serving dish, add the sauce and Parmesan to taste and toss to combine. Sprinkle with the bread crumbs., ingredients: [1 pound Italian sausage, pricked, 14 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 each small green, yellow and red bell pepper, cored and sliced, 12 teaspoon each dried thyme and rosemary, crumbled, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup chicken broth, 12 ounces tubular pasta, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese, to taste, 13 cup toasted bread crumbs combined with 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Sausage and TriColor Pepper Sauce for Pasta, picturelink: null}, 40118: {instructions: Combine the confectioners sugar, dry milk and salt in a food processor. Pulse 4 or 5 times, until the mixture is smooth and well combined. Set aside.nCombine the granulated sugar, corn syrup and water in a 2quart pot. Place over medium heat, cover and cook for 4 minutes. Add the butter, clip on a candy thermometer and bring the sugar syrup to 230 degrees F, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and remove the thermometer.nAdd the vanilla and the dry mixture and stir continuously with a silicone spatula until well combined. Pour onto a half sheet pan lined with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper. Cool for 10 to 15 minutes, until the mixture is cool enough to handle.nDivide the dough into 3 equal pieces. Add 2 or 3 drops of yellow food coloring to one piece and knead until the color is consistent throughout. Add 2 or 3 drops of orange to the second piece and knead until the color is consistent throughout. Leave the third piece white.nRoll each piece of dough into a strand about 18 inches long. Cut each strand in half and roll each piece into a strand that is about 12 inch thick and 22 inches long.nLay the strands side by side orange, yellow, then white and press them together using your fingers. Cut into 4inch pieces. Then, using a ruler or bench scraper, press each piece into a wedge, keeping the orange section wide and making the white part come to a tip.nUse a wire butter slicer, knife, bench scraper or pizza cutter to cut each wedge into individual candies. Lay the candies on a piece of parchment until dry, at least 1 hour. Store in an airtight container with parchment between each layer.nPhotograph by Brett Kurzweil, ingredients: [4 12 ounces confectioners sugar about 1 14 cups, 12 ounce nonfat dry milk about 6 12 teaspoons, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 12 ounces granulated sugar about 12 cup, 3 34 ounces light corn syrup about 13 cup, 2 12 tablespoons H20, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 or 3 drops each yellow and orange gel paste food coloring], title: Candy Corn, picturelink: v9BWr5kfukWFEHkBXYS1qcif.wYAgeK}, 40119: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 2 8inch cake pans and line with parchment. Butter the parchment. Sift together the cocoa, baking soda, and 12 teaspoon salt into a medium bowl. Into a separate bowl, sift the cake flour.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the brown sugar and butter until very light and fluffy, 5 minutes. Meanwhile, stir together eggs and vanilla in a small bowl. With mixer on medium speed, add the eggs in two batches, scraping bowl occasionally, until incorporated. Beat the batter on high speed 1 minute.nLower the mixer speed to low add the sifted cocoa mixture and mix until just combined. Alternately, add flour in three parts with sour cream, beginning and ending with flour. With motor running, gradually add the hot water beat until just combined. Scrape the bowl thoroughly and beat on low speed for 30 seconds.nDivide the batter evenly between the prepared pans. Bake until the cake pulls away from sides of pan, 30 to 35 minutes. Transfer the cakes to wire racks to cool in pans 30 minutes remove from pans to cool completely. Meanwhile, make the filling.nTo make the filling: In a medium saucepan, combine 2 12 cups water, sugar, corn syrup and cocoa. Bring the mixture to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring often. In a small bowl, combine the cornstarch and the remaining 12 cup water stir into cocoa mixture. Return to a boil over medium heat, whisking constantly, boil 4 minutes or until the mixture is very thick and cornstarch is cooked. Remove from heat stir in the butter and vanilla. Pour into a bowl and cover the surface directly with plastic wrap cool completely. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour, before using.nTo make the frosting: In a microwavesafe bowl, combine the butter and chocolates microwave until melted. Stir thoroughly to combine, then set aside. In a medium saucepan, whisk the eggs, sugar, and salt until combined whisk in water. Cook the egg mixture over medium to mediumhigh heat until it registers 160 degrees on a candy thermometer, stirring constantly with a whisk create as little foam as possible. Strain mixture through a finemesh sieve into a bowl whisk in the reserved chocolate mixture. Cool completely refrigerate until stiff enough to spread, about 2 hours and up to overnight.nTo assemble: Cut the tops off the cake layers to make them flat and even on top. Place the bottom layer with trimmedside facing up on a serving platter spread blackout filling on top. Place the top layer with trimmedside facing down on top of the filling. Coat the cake with the frosting., ingredients: [34 cup cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 cups cake flour, 3 cups dark brown sugar, 2 sticks softened unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups sour cream, 1 12 cups hot water, 2 12 cups water, 2 14 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 cup cocoa powder, sifted, 12 cup cornstarch, 10 tablespoons softened butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 34 sticks unsalted butter, 6 ounces 60percent semisweet chocolate, 6 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 5 large eggs, 1 cup sugar, Pinch of salt, 13 cup water], title: Layered Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 40120: {instructions: Place herbs under the skin of the breast of the chicken. Rub the chickens with olive oil and marinate covered in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Truss the chickens and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place the chickens on a rack and roast for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 and continue roasting for 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest.nPlace orange juice in a medium saucepan and cook over high heat until reduced to a thick caramelized syrup. Place chicken stock in a medium saucepan and cook until reduced by 34. Add the stock to the orange juice and cook for 5 minutes. Whisk in butter and pepper. Season with salt to taste.nPlace all ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth. Fold the puree into the mashed potatoes and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [12 fresh sage leaves, 1 bunch fresh oregano, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 bunch fresh basil, 2 2 12 pound chickens, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 cups orange juice, 8 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon cold butter, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, Salt, 6 scallions, blanched, cooled and chopped, 14 cup spinach leaves, 14 grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon pine nuts, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 large potatoes, peeled, boiled and mashed], title: Fresh Herb Roasted Chicken with Burnt OrangeBlack Pepper Sauce and Green Onion Puree, picturelink: null}, 40121: {instructions: Place mint leaves, sugar and a splash of water into a silver julep cup or a 12ounce Tom Collins glass. Muddle the mint, sugar, and water together with the tip of the handle of a wooden spoon. Fill the glass with shaved ice, add the bourbon, and stir until combined. Garnish with a lemon or orange slice, a cherry, and a few sprigs of fresh mint., ingredients: [5 fresh mint leaves, plus a few mint sprigs, for garnish, 1 teaspoon sugar, Shaved ice, 2 12 ounces bourbon whiskey, Lemon slice, for garnish, optional, Orange slice, for garnish, optional, Maraschino cherry, for garnish, optional], title: Mint Julep, picturelink: Gt7G.xTvD1WKVoyG1CdRz6J6oapom}, 40122: {instructions: Diced onions, relish, mustard, ketchup, sliced pickles, sliced tomatoes and shredded lettuce, for toppingnPreheat a grill to medium and brush the grates with vegetable oil. Season the beef with salt and pepper and form into four 12inchthick patties make a small indentation in the top of each patty using your finger or a small spoon.nGrill the burgers about 6 minutes per side for medium well. Top each with a slice of cheese and let melt, about 2 more minutes. Meanwhile, lightly toast the buns on the grill.nServe the burgers cheeseside down on the buns top with onions, relish, mustard, ketchup, pickles, tomatoes and lettuce.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for the grill, 1 pound ground beef chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 slices American cheese, 4 hamburger buns, split], title: Fatburger, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 40123: {instructions: Stir the potatoes, soup, sour cream, black pepper and onion in a medium bowl. Spoon the potato mixture into a 1 12quart baking dish. Bake at 350 degrees F for 30 minutes or until the potato mixture is hot., ingredients: [3 cups prepared mashed potatoes, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cheddar Cheese Soup, 13 cup sour cream or plain yogurt, Generous dash ground black pepper, 1 green onion, chopped about 2 tablespoons], title: Cheddar Potato Casserole, picturelink: fPp1sTyiWsMMWh9plo5CcRl1fQIsfOq}, 40124: {instructions: Spread the cream cheese in a 9inch microwaveable pie plate. Sprinkle with the Cheddar cheese.nMicrowave on HIGH for 2 minutes or until the Cheddar cheese is melted. Top with the salsa. Serve with the tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 package 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 4 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese about 1 cup, 1 cup Paceu00ae Chunky Salsa, Tortilla chips], title: Sunset Dip, picturelink: EIR3lPaSwXQAZSMjM47.deLFoaptBoS}, 40125: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPrepare 4 8ounce ramekins by greasing them with softened butter and then coating them with sugar, tapping out any excess.nMake a thick bechamel sauce base by melting the 3 tablespoons of butter over lowmedium heat in a thickbottomed pot. Just as the foam subsides, add the flour, stirring constantly with a whisk to prevent lumps. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes to coat the flour with fat and remove the starchy taste do not allow the roux to brown. Add the warm milk to the mixture and continue to whisk until smooth and thick. Remove from the heat. Beat in the sugar and then the egg yolks 1 at a time. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Stir in the cheese until incorporated evenly. Chill the mixture while whipping the egg whites.nIn a separate clean bowl beat the egg whites and cream of tartar just until soft peaks form. Fold 13 of the beaten whites into the bechamel mixture to lighten it. Then gently fold in the rest. Pour the batter into the prepared ramekins and place on a cookie sheet. Bake on the middle rack for about 25 minutes.nThe souffle is done when it has puffed over the rim, the outside is golden, and the center jiggles slightly.nServe with fresh figs and a drizzle of honey. Dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing the ramekins, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, warmed, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more for the ramekins, 5 eggs, separated, Pinch salt, Ground white pepper, Pinch ground nutmeg, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese, Pinch cream of tartar, 8 fresh black mission figs, split in 12 lengthwise, 12 cup honey, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Blue Cheese Souffle with Fresh Figs and Honey, picturelink: null}, 40126: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9inch pie plate set aside. In a medium bowl, combine milk, flour, sugar, and egg yolks. Whisk to combine. Add butter, and whisk to combine. In a separate bowl, whisk egg whites with a wire whisk to soft peaks. Gently but thoroughly, fold egg whites into milk mixture. Transfer to prepared pie plate, and bake until the custard is golden brown and a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Cool on a wire rack until lukewarm. Cut into wedges, and serve garnished with berries.WI , ingredients: [2 cups milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, separated, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, Fresh berries, for serving], title: Custard Tart with Sweet Basque Creme, picturelink: MCfFswrGySNdTRq1POF7LfZn.Y9hO}, 40127: {instructions: Place the lettuce around the bottom of a large plate. Add all of the remaining ingredients and drizzle the sherry vinegar and olive oil. Season with salt., ingredients: [1 head lettuce, cleaned, 1 Spanish onion, chopped, 1 bundle white asparagus, cooked or 1 16ounce can, drained and diced, 1 tomato, diced, 1 6ounce can corn, drained, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Salad with White Asparagus and Sherry Vinegar and Olive Oil, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 40128: {instructions: COMBINE shortening, granulated sugar, brown sugar, eggs, buttermilk and vanilla in large bowl beat at medium speed of electric mixer until light and fluffy.nCOMBINE flour, oats, baking soda and salt in small bowl. Add gradually to shortening mixture at low speed until well blended. Stir in chocolate chips and nuts. Cover. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes.nHEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Coat baking sheet with nostick cooking spray.nDROP dough by rounded or heaping teaspoons 3 inches apart onto prepared baking sheet.nBAKE 14 to 16 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheet before removing to cooling rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening or 1 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 tbsps. buttermilk, 2 tsps. vanilla extract, 1 12 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 tsp. baking soda, 12 tsp. salt, 2 cups milk chocolate chips, 1 cup coarsely chopped macadamia nuts, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray], title: Macadamia Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: lr1u.kV2n4qv6w3f81ibLPZVpZd0.6}, 40129: {instructions: Put the vinegar, sugar, reserved pineapple juice and cornstarch slurry into a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce heat and simmer until the sauce thickens, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Reserve half of the sauce in a small serving bowl to be used as a dipping sauce alongside the skewers.nQuarter the red pepper and remove the core and seeds. Slice each quarter into 6 pieces. Cut each chicken thigh into 6 pieces.nPreheat a grill pan or an outdoor grill to medium heat.nOn each of the 8 skewers, place 1 chunk of pineapple, then a piece of chicken thigh, followed by a piece of red pepper. Repeat with another piece of pineapple then chicken, then red pepper. Season skewers with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the skewers on oiled grill, cooking for 4 minutes on each side. Brush the sweet and sour sauce all over the skewers and grill and additional 2 minutes per side. Remove to a serving dish and serve with the reserved sweet and sour sauce, for dipping., ingredients: [12 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 20ounce can pineapple chunks, juice reserved, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, mixed with 1 tablespoon water, 1 red pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 lb boneless skinless chicken boneless thighs about four thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes], title: Sweet and Sour Chicken Skewers, picturelink: upuQInCu7gghnefer1oyShBRmh3o5qu}, 40130: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add pasta, cook until al dente, and drain. Return pasta to the saucepan.nWhisk milk with Dijon in small bowl and add to the pot with cooked pasta, along with cream and grated Cheddar. Stir over mediumlow heat until the cheese melts and the mixture is nice and thick. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper and serve. Happy indulging, ingredients: [4 cups fresh penne pasta, 12 cup milk, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 34 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces aged English white Cheddar, grated, Kosher salt, Fresh finely ground black peppercorns], title: Cheesy Penne, picturelink: Nt.6YDBhfS8tQGL3AwJFsimlwlp0pwG}, 40131: {instructions: Put the beef in a medium bowl with 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon brown sugar and 1 tablespoon minced garlic and mix until the meat is completely coated. Set aside.nPut the shiitake mushrooms in a small bowl and pour in enough hot water to cover. Set aside to soften for 25 minutes. Remove the softened mushrooms from the liquid, slice thinly and set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons sesame oil in a large skillet. Add 2 tablespoons minced garlic, the shiitake mushrooms, shishito peppers, carrots, onions and red bell peppers and cook until slightly soft but still crunchy, for 3 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons soy sauce and continue to cook for an additional minute. Transfer to a bowl and set aside. Set the skillet aside for cooking the beef.nPrepare a medium bowl of ice water. Bring a medium saucepan of salted water to a boil, and then add the spinach and cook for 1 minute. Remove with a slotted spoon and immediately add to the ice water. Drain the spinach and squeeze with your hands to remove the excess liquid. Roughly chop and set aside.nIn the same pan of boiling water, add the noodles and cook according to the package directions. Drain the noodles in a strainer and rinse thoroughly with cold water. Add 2 tablespoons sesame oil to the noodles and toss with your hands or tongs so they are well coated and do not stick together. Leave the noodles in the strainer and set aside.nPlace the reserved skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook the beef with the marinade until brown, for 3 to 4 minutes.nCombine the noodles, vegetables and beef in a large bowl. Add the remaining 7 tablespoons sesame oil, 7 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup brown sugar, the remaining garlic, the mirin, fish sauce, rice vinegar and black pepper. Mix together, using your hands or tongs, until all the ingredients are incorporated.nTransfer to a large serving bowl and sprinkle with sesame seeds., ingredients: [8 ounces beef sirloin, cut into long thin strips, 34 cup sesame oil, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 7 cloves garlic, minced, 15 dried shiitake mushrooms, 5 shishito chile peppers or any mild green chile, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, thinly sliced into matchsticks, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced into matchsticks, Kosher salt, 1 bunch spinach, 1 pound clear sweet potato noodles, 14 cup mirin, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Sweet Potato Noodles with Beef and Mushrooms Japchae, picturelink: null}, 40132: {instructions: Char the skins of the poblano chiles by placing them over a gas burner or under a hot broiler with the oven door slightly cracked. Turn the chiles until the skins are black. Remove and cool the chiles in a tightly covered bowl, then peel and finely chop or process into coarse puree in food processor.nHeat extravirgin olive oil over mediumhigh heat and add zucchini, onions, garlic, hot pepper, cumin, coriander, thyme, oregano, salt, and pepper, stir frequently for 10 minutes. Add in the tomato paste, and stir 1 minute more. Deglaze the pan with beer, stir in poblanos and beans and about half of the stock, bring to a bubble then reduce heat and simmer 10 to 15 minutes to combine flavors. Cool completely, cover and store for makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat.nWhile the chili reheats make the rice. Melt the butter in a saucepot over medium heat and add the rice, toast a minute or 2, then stir in 1 12 cups stock, bring to a boil, reduce the heat and cook covered, over low heat 15 minutes.nTo food processor, add the spinach, cilantro, if using, and a little salt, and pulse into a fine paste. Stir the paste into the rice after 15 minutes. Turn off the heat, cover the pot and let the rice stand another 5 to 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork and serve in shallow bowls with zucchini chili and toppings of choice to garnish.nToppers to choose from: crushed tortillas or warm soft tortillas, sour cream, shredded cheeses, scallions or finely chopped onions, lime wedges., ingredients: [4 poblano peppers, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds firm small to mediumsize zucchini, chopped into small dice, 2 onions, chopped into small dice, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 red or green hot chile pepper, chopped or thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon cumin, palmful, 1 tablespoon coriander, palmful, A few sprigs fresh thyme, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano or marjoram, 13 palmful, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 12ounce bottle beer recommended: Negra Modela, 1 15ounce can black beans, 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup long grain white or light brown rice, 2 cups baby spinach, 12 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, optional], title: Zucchini Chili, picturelink: 5R0JMBtL9mmDXyFt4JimBkw9q0OBCFS}, 40133: {instructions: Mix cuttlefish, garlic, olive oil, white wine and onion in a bowl. Marinate for 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Grill cuttlefish and serve with parsley., ingredients: [1 pound baby cuttlefish, cleaned, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup olive oil, 13 dry white wine, 1 large onion, minced, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon parsley, minced], title: Grilled Seppioline, picturelink: null}, 40134: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChill 4 martini glasses. In a small shallow dish combine the sugar and the lime zest. Run the lime wedge around the rim of each glass. Dip in the sugar and zest mixture.nIn a cocktail shaker mix the cognac, Triple Sec, sweet and sour mix, Limoncello, and lime juice over ice. Shake to chill.nPour the Side Car Martinis into the glasses and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 lime, zested, 1 lime wedge, 10 ounces cognac recommended: Hennessy, 4 ounces Triple Sec liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 4 ounces sweet and sour mix, 4 ounces Limoncello, 2 ounces lime juice, Ice], title: Side Car Martini, picturelink: JDjpk9xdDjjrvxnMscaoMsXUkDjVZ1i}, 40135: {instructions: In large heavy pot, combine corned beef, bay leaves, caraway seeds and peppercorns. Add water to cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 2 hours. Remove the meat from the pot and reserve on a plate. Add parsnips, carrots, and turnips and simmer for 20 minutes. If necessary add more water to cover. Add onions and potatoes and simmer for another 20 minutes. Add cabbage and simmer for 10 minutes. Serve the warm, sliced meat with the broth, beets and vegetables., ingredients: [34 pound piece corned beef, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 5 black peppercorns, 3 parsnips, peeled and cut into 3  pieces, 5 carrots, peeled and cut into 3 pieces, 3 turnips, peeled and quartered, 2 onions quartered, 4 potatoes, peeled and quartered, 12 head cabbage, cut into wedges, 4 beets, boiled until tender, peeled and sliced], title: Corned Beef with Cabbage and Beets, picturelink: null}, 40136: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Combine eggs and salmon and cook until soft. Add cream cheese and mix until a smooth texture, add 14 cup green onions and scramble. Serve on a plate and garnish with the remaining 14 cup green onions., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 8 eggs, 12 cup crumbled smoked salmon, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, softened, 12 cup chopped green onions, divided], title: Smokey the Salmon Smoked Salmon Scramble, picturelink: null}, 40137: {instructions: Combine the milk and vanilla in a saucepan. Heat over low heat until warm, and then sift in the powdered sugar. Slowly whisk until well blended, and then remove the glaze from the heat. Set over a bowl of warm water to keep warm, and then dip doughnuts into the glaze., ingredients: [14 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups powdered sugar], title: Pinkbox Doughnuts Doughnut Glaze, picturelink: null}, 40138: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Generously butter the wells of an eggcake pan, and dust the wells with flour tap out any excess flour. Set pan aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine butter and granulated sugar. Beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the seeds from the vanilla bean and the lemon zest beat to combine. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition and scraping sides of bowl. Into a medium bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Add to butter mixture. Beat until just combined. Spoon batter into each of nine wells, filling them about half full. Bake the egg cakes for 10 minutes. Raise the oven temperature to 350 degrees F, and bake until the cakes are golden, 10 to 12 minutes more. Transfer eggcake pan to a wire rack, and let cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Invert pan, and remove cakes. Using a serrated knife, trim the cakes to resemble eggs sliced in half. To make trimming easier, place the eggs in resealable plastic bags, and transfer to freezer for 45 minutes. Using a melon baller, scoop out a 1inchdiameter hole in each cake. Set a wire rack over a baking sheet. Place the cakes flatside down on the wire rack. Working quickly, pour the colored butter glaze over each cake, completely coating the outside. After about 1 minute, gently lift the cakes with a wooden skewer so that they dont stick to the wire rack. Let the glaze set completely, about 1 hour. Turn the glazed cakes over, and trim away any excess glaze with a paring knife, so glaze is flush with the flat side of cake. Wash and dry the wire rack. Place cakes glazed side down on the wire rack generously dust flat side with confectioners sugar. Fit a pastry bag with a 11 pastry tip, and fill the bag with lemon curd. Fill each hole with lemon curd until the yolk appears slightly rounded. On each dessert plate, place a decorated cake. Garnish each serving with a mint sprig.nPlace milk in a small bowl, and stir in liquid paste color until desired color is achieved set aside. Place confectioners sugar in a medium bowl, and set aside. In a small saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Remove from heat, and immediately pour butter into the bowl with the sugar. Add half of the milk, and whisk until smooth. Add the remaining milk as needed to make a mixture that is just thin enough so that it runs down the sides of the cakes. Yield: Glaze for 9 egg cakesnPlace egg yolks, lemon zest, lemon juice, and sugar in a small saucepan whisk to combine. Set over medium heat, and stir constantly with a wooden spoon, making sure to stir sides and bottom of pan. Cook until mixture is thick enough to coat back of wooden spoon, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove saucepan from heat. Add butter, 1 piece at a time, stirring with the wooden spoon until consistency is smooth. Transfer mixture to a medium bowl. Lay a sheet of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the curd to prevent a skin from forming wrap tightly. Let cool refrigerate until firm and chilled, at least 1 hour. Store refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 2 days. Yield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan, 34 cup plus 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for pan, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds removed, 12 lemon, zest grated, 3 large eggs, room temperature, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, Colored Butter Glaze, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 12 cup Lemon Curd, recipe follows, 9 sprigs mint, for garnish, 14 cup milk, 2 to 3 drops liquid paste color, 3 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 1 14 cups 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, 3 large egg yolks, strained, 12 lemon, zest grated, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, 6 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces], title: Egg Cakes, picturelink: null}, 40139: {instructions: Wrap tortillas in barely damp, doubled layers of paper towels and microwave on high for 45 to 60 seconds. Alternatively, heat the tortillas individually in an ungreased large skillet over medium heat.nLay the tortillas on a cutting board and start to layer the ingredients. Fan the leaf lettuce on the top threequarters of each tortilla then lay the turkey slices on top, followed by the bacon, tomato, and avocado. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Top with the arugula and some of the dressing. Fold up the bottom quarter of the tortilla and then start to roll each sandwich into a cone shape. Secure the tortilla with a toothpick. Serve immediately.nMash the garlic and salt to a paste with the side of a chefs knife. In a medium bowl, whisk together the garlic, mayonnaise, 14cup buttermilk, parsley, chives, scallion, vinegar, and pepper to taste. If the sauce is very thick, thin the dressing with a couple more tablespoons of the buttermilk. Use immediately or refrigerate, covered, for up to 3 days., ingredients: [Four 10inch flour tortillas, 8 to 12 trimmed leaves of green or red leaf lettuce, washed and dried, 12 ounces sliced cooked turkey breast, 12 slices applewood smoked bacon, cooked, 1 vineripened tomato, cored and cut into 16 wedges, 1 ripe Hass avocado, peeled, pitted and cut into 16 slices tossed with 2 teaspoons lime juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup arugula or watercress, washed and dried, 12 recipe Ranch dressing, recipe follows, 2 cloves garlic, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup prepared or homemade mayonnaise, 14 to 13 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper], title: California Wrap Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 40140: {instructions: Fill a large saucepan with water, and bring to a boil. Add a handful of salt. Meanwhile, trim the ends off green beans, discarding any that are discolored or damaged. Add to the boiling water, and blanch for 2 to 3 minutes or until crisp tender. Drain the green beans. Immediately submerge in ice water to chill and to retain their bright color.nAlternatively, place the green beans in a colander. Place the colander on top of boiling potatoes to steam until tender, occasionally turning to cook evenly, about 3 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound French green beans haricots verts, Kosher Salt], title: French Green Beans, picturelink: S4ZA4Nj8H.5VPBaWLK2FL1A48Xjaera}, 40141: {instructions: For the pickling sachet: Place the cloves, anise, coriander, crushed red pepper, allspice, juniper berries, cinnamon and bay leaf in a small saute pan and heat over medium heat, stirring constantly, until aromatic. Remove from heat and let coolnMake a sachet: Cut cheesecloth into a large square, place the spices in the center and wrap in a bundle and tie to secure. Alternatively, you can use a square piece of foil: Poke small holes in the square, place the spices inside and wrap up.nFor the sauerkraut: Shred both cabbages into a bowl and set aside. Put the vinegar, sugar and 6 cups of water in a large pot over medium heat stir until the sugar dissolves.nAdd the pickling sachet, granulated garlic, pepper and salt and stir to combine. Add the shredded cabbage and bring the mixture to a boil. Boil for 30 minutes, then reduce the heat and let the mixture simmer for another 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 teaspoon whole cloves, 1 teaspoon anise, 1 teaspoon whole coriander, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon whole allspice, 1 teaspoon juniper berries, 1 stick cinnamon, 1 bay leaf, 12 head red cabbage, 12 head green cabbage, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons pickling spice, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Maries Sauerkraut, picturelink: null}, 40142: {instructions: Boil potatoes: In a large saucepan cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1inch and simmer, covered, until just tender, about 15 to 30 minutes, depending on size of potatoes. In a colander drain potatoes and cool to warm.nWith a sharp knife peel warm potatoes and cut into 13inchthick slices. In a bowl, immediately toss potatoes with vinegar.nIn a separate bowl, mash yolks, reserving whites and stir in mayonnaise, mustard, and onion. Chop whites and celery and gently toss together with dill pickle and potatoes, mayonnaise mixture, and salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with chopped parsley or scallions. Serve potato salad chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 12 pounds medium boiling potatoes white, red, or fingerling, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, or to taste, 5 hardboiled large eggs, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup chopped sweet onion, 3 large celery ribs, 14 cup chopped dill pickle, Salt and pepper, Chopped parsley or scallions, for garnish], title: AllAmerican Potato Salad, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 40143: {instructions: Melt chocolate in a double boiler. Stir in 12 cup heavy cream. Whisk in huckleberry syrup in a slow drizzle. Let cool to room temperature. When chocolate sauce has reached room temperature, whip egg yolks into the sauce, 1 at a time.nIn a mixing bowl, whip egg whites with salt until stiff peaks form. In another mixing bowl, whip remaining 1 cup heavy cream until whipped cream is formed. Combine whipped heavy cream and egg white mixture. Fold the whipped cream mixture into the chocolate sauce, 13 at a time. Refrigerate for 1 hour before serving.nTo serve, whip mousse with a wire whisk to loosen. Transfer mousse to a pastry bag and pipe into Almond Cookie Cups. Serve immediately.nIn a saucepan, stir sugar and red wine vinegar together until mixed. Heat over mediumhigh heat until sugar has dissolved. Stir in cognac. Add huckleberries and bring to a boil. Cook for 4 minutes. Strain and then cool to room temperature before using.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a halfsheet pan with waxed paper and set aside. In a saucepan, heat brown sugar, butter, and corn syrup over medium heat until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and add flour and almonds. Stir thoroughly until combined.nPlace 1 12 tablespoons of dough on prepared pan press dough out slightly to about 18inch. For best results, bake only 2 cookies at a time as they do spread out. Bake for 6 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool for only 1 minute. With a spatula, remove cookies from sheet tray and immediately drape over a mold, such as a ramekin, a narrow glass. Let cool until set. Repeat with remaining batter., ingredients: [1 12 pounds bittersweet chocolate, 12 cup heavy cream, plus 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup Huckleberry Syrup, recipe follows, 4 egg yolks, 8 egg whites, Pinch salt, Almond Cookie Cups, recipe follows, 2 12 cups sugar, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons cognac, 2 cups huckleberries, 13 cup light brown sugar, 4 tablespoons salted butter, 14 cup light corn syrup, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup chopped, toasted almonds], title: Chocolate Huckleberry Mousse, picturelink: XwFf0LLY1xFMiYtClOanQXF24KvqEW}, 40144: {instructions: Make the barbecue sauce: Heat the butter in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until softened, about 10 minutes. Add the ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, vinegar, brown sugar, chili powder, and hot pepper sauce, and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Transfer the sauce to a bowl and let it cool. The barbecue sauce may be made 4 days in advance and kept covered and chilled.nMake the burgers: In a bowl combine well the pork, the bread crumbs, and 13 cup of the barbecue sauce and form the mixture into 4 1inchthick patties. Lightly brush the burgers with oil and season with salt and pepper. Heat a wellseasoned grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the burgers, turning once, until just cooked through, about 6 minutes per side. Baste the burgers with some of the barbecue sauce and continue to grill, turning and basting occasionally, for 2 minutes morenWhile the burgers are grilling, make the coleslaw: In a bowl combine the cabbage, carrot, onion, lemon juice, mayonnaise, and salt and pepper, to taste.nTransfer the burgers to the buns and top them with the coleslaw. Serve the remaining barbecue sauce separately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup minced onion, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 14 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 2 12 teaspoons chili powder, 12 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 1 12 pounds ground pork, 3 tablespoons fresh bread crumbs, Vegetable oil, for brushing the burgers, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups thinly shredded cabbage, 14 cup coarsely grated carrot, 14 cup thinly sliced red onion, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, or to taste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 sesame hamburger buns, split and toasted], title: Barbecue Pork Burgers with Coleslaw, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 40145: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, place the tarragon and spinach and pulse 1 to 2 times to coarsely chop. Add the panko and pulse until completely combined with the tarragon and spinach it should look like green bread crumbs. Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl and set aside.nIn a small saute pan set over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and pancetta and cook until the pancetta is goldenbrown and crispy, about 4 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the lemon juice, sugar and salt, stirring with a wooden spoon until the sugar is dissolved. Add the parsley and set aside.nPour enough grapeseed oil into 10inch saute pan to fill it by 13 inch. Heat the oil over medium heat to 350 degrees F or until a few breadcrumbs sprinkled in the pan sizzle immediately but do not burn. Lightly beat the egg in a medium bowl. Add the oysters to the egg and toss gently to coat. One by one, lift them out of the egg and place them in the herb breadcrumbs. Again toss gently to make sure the oysters are coated all around, pressing gently to adhere.nPlace the breaded oysters, one at a time, into the hot oil. You should be able to fry about 6 at a time. Fry until golden brown, about 1 minute. Flip the oysters and cook another 1 minute to brown on the other side. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and drain on a paper towellined plate. Repeat the process with the remaining oysters.nPlace one oyster in each half shell and spoon some of the pancetta vinaigrette over the top. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup fresh tarragon leaves, 12 cup baby spinach leaves, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces pancetta, diced, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice from 1 large lemon, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Grapeseed oil, for frying about 3 cups, 1 large egg, 1 dozen oysters, shucked and drained on a paper towellined plate rinse and reserve shells], title: Crispy Oysters Rockefeller, picturelink: xFZK95KntynCTuXEntsZSre0WqrCsH6}, 40146: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil and blanch, separately, cabbage, green beans, carrots, cauliflower and broccoli. Drain separately as well. Heat peanut sauce in a small saucepan, adding water if it is too thick, adjust seasoning. Arrange arugula leaves, potato, cucumbers evenly on a platter. Arrange blanched vegetables on top. Top with hard boiled eggs and radish sprouts. Pour hot peanut sauce over top. Garnish with crispy shallots. Serve with rice crackers., ingredients: [14 medium cabbage, shredded, 12 pound green beans, tipped and tailed, 4 medium carrots, sliced, 14 head cauliflower, divided into florets, 14 head of broccoli, divided into florets, Peanut sauce recipe above, 1 bunch arugula washed, stems removed, 2 hard boiled eggs quartered, 1 yukon gold potato, boiled, peeled and sliced, 2 kirby cucumbers, washed, sliced thin, 14 pound radish sprouts, Crispy shallots, recipe above, Rice crackers as an accompaniment], title: Gado Gado Blanched Vegetables with Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40147: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the mustard and vinegar. Slowly whisk in the oils. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside. Whisk again when ready to serve.nIn a small skillet, heat the olive oil. Season the diced artichokes lightly with salt and pepper and saute until al dente, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and let cool.nBlanch the carrots and beans by placing each into a fine mesh basket. Set the basket into a pot of boiling salted water and cook until al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Plunge onto cold water to stop the cooking process. Drain, cool, and add to the artichokes. Add the onion, radicchio, corn and celery.nWhen ready to serve, dice the avocado and the tomato and add to the other vegetables. Reserving a little vinaigrette, toss the vegetables with the vinaigrette, sprinkle with the grated cheese, and toss again. Correct seasoning to taste.nToss the greens with the reserved vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper to taste.nDivide the salad greens among 4 salad plates. Mound the chopped salad on the greens and serve immediately.nNote: You can be creative as to the vegetables you want to include or exclude in your salad. For example, you can use baby peas in season, or diced Chinese pea pods, or diced Italian squash, etc., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup almond or safflower oil, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup diced fresh artichoke bottoms, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 12 cup diced carrots, 12 cup diced green beans, 12 cup diced red onion, 12 cup diced radicchio, 12 cup fresh corn kernels, 12 cup diced celery, 12 cup diced ripe avocado, 14 cup peeled, seeded, and chopped tomato, 4 teaspoons grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup mixed greens of your choice curly endive, chicory, baby lettuce, cut or torn into bitesize pieces], title: Chino Chopped Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 40148: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the potatoes in a large saucepan, cover with 1 inch of cold water, add 2 teaspoons salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and cook the potatoes until they are forktender, 5 to 8 minutes depending on how big they are. Drain the potatoes and set aside until cool enough to handle thinly slice the potatoes into rounds and set aside.nHeat a nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the grapeseed oil and cod and cook until browned, about 2 minutes. Transfer the fish to a large plate and set aside.nArrange the fennel, garlic, potatoes, oregano, thyme, olives, capers and tomatoes in a medium broilerproof casserole dish. Place the cod searedside up and in the center of the dish and cover the cod with some of the vegetables. Drizzle with some olive oil and season to taste with salt and pepper.nBake until the cod feels semifirm to light pressure and the vegetables are caramelized, about 15 minutes. Heat the broiler to high and finish the fish under the broiler for 1 minute, until the crust is extra browned. Serve garnished with the parsley., ingredients: [2 cups new potatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, Four 5ounce cod fillets preferably Chatham cod, skin removed, 1 medium bulb fennel, cored and julienned, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon fresh oregano leaves, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, 14 cup pitted Nicoise olives, 2 tablespoons brined capers, drained, 15 canned whole, peeled San Marzano tomatoes, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 tablespoon fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Roasted Chatham Cod Provencal Style, picturelink: null}, 40149: {instructions: In a large pot, melt half of the butter on medium heat. Add the onions and sweat until the onions are translucent, 3 minutes. Add the chili powder, garlic salt and paprika, and saute for 2 minutes. Add the ketchup, molasses, honey, mustard, vinegar and Worcestershire sauce. Bring the sauce to a boil then reduce to a simmer and cook for 5 to 10 minutes, stirring frequently.nTransfer the sauce to a blender or use an immersion blender and blitz, leaving some texture to the sauce. Fold in the remaining butter., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup medium diced onions, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons garlic salt, 2 teaspoons paprika, 3 cups ketchup, 12 cup molasses, 14 cup honey, 14 cup English mustard, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40150: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the short ribs on a sheet pan, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and roast for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven and add the fennel, leek, onion, celery and carrots and cook over mediumlow heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste and wine, bring to a boil and cook over high heat until the liquid is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Tie the rosemary and thyme together with kitchen twine and add to the pot.nPlace the roasted ribs on top of the vegetables in the Dutch oven and add the brown sugar and beef stock. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Cover the Dutch oven and bake for 2 hours or until the meat is very tender.nCarefully remove the short ribs from the pot and set aside. Discard the herbs and skim the excess fat. Cook the vegetables and sauce over medium heat for 20 minutes, until reduced. Put the ribs back into the pot and heat through. Serve with the vegetables and sauce., ingredients: [Fresh thyme sprigs, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 6 cups beef stock, 6 beef short ribs, trimmed of fat, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup good olive oil, 1 small fennel, fronds, stems, and core removed, largediced, 1 leek, cleaned and largediced, white part only, 1 12 cups chopped onion 2 onions, 4 cups largediced celery 6 large stalks, 2 carrots, peeled and largediced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 750ml bottle Cotes du Rhone or other dry red wine, Fresh rosemary sprigs], title: Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: Mcrm7zwGNaq4WB6.PYnaTJS7x0e1aLm}, 40151: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 9inch glass pie dish and arrange the plums in the dish, cut side down.nCombine 1 cup of the granulated sugar and 13 cup water in a small saucepan and cook over high heat until it turns a warm amber color, about 360 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Swirl the pan but dont stir. Pour evenly over the plums.nMeanwhile, cream the 6 tablespoons of butter and the remaining 34 cup of granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, until light and fluffy. Lower the speed and beat in the eggs one at a time. Add the sour cream, zest, and vanilla and mix until combined. Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt and, with the mixer on low speed, add it to the butter mixture. Mix only until combined.nPour the cake batter evenly over the plums and bake for 30 to 40 minutes, until a cake tester comes out clean. Cool for 15 minutes, then invert the cake onto a flat plate. If a plum sticks, ease it out and replace it in the design on top of the cake. Serve warm or at room temperature, dusted with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus extra for greasing the dish, 10 to 12 purple prune plums, cut in half and pitted, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, divided, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 13 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Confectioners sugar], title: Plum Cake Tatin, picturelink: 8nkYNPFA6QNvI1C9uNPk1ffJK353IzO}, 40152: {instructions: Combine the mayonnaise, onion, garlic, curry powder, lime zest and juice in a food processor and process until smooth. Pour the mixture into a large bowl, add the turkey breast and cilantro turn to coat the entire turkey in the marinade. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRemove the turkey from the marinade and arrange on a baking rack set in a small roasting pan. Season well with salt and pepper and roast in the oven until lightly golden brown, about 20 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F and continue roasting until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the breast registers 160 degrees F, about 1 hour longer. Remove to a cutting board, loosely tent with foil and let rest 15 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [34 cup Hellmanns Real Mayonnaise, 1 medium yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons good quality curry powder, 1 fresh lime, zested, plus 2 fresh limes, juiced, 1 boneless, skinless turkey breast, about 4 to 5 pounds, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tandoori Style Roasted Whole Turkey Breast, picturelink: null}, 40153: {instructions: Put the pigeon peas and bay leaves in a large pot, cover with 3 quarts of cold water, and place over medium heat. Cover and cook the beans until tender, about 1 12 hours. Check the water periodically add more, f necessary, to keep the peas covered. Drain the pigeon peas and reserve 4 cups of the cooking liquid.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a large Dutch oven or other ovenproof pot with the achiote oil and place over medium heat. When the oil begins to smoke, add the onion, garlic, and peppers. Cook, stirring, for 10 minutes, until the vegetables have softened, without letting them brown. Pour in the chicken broth and continue to cook until the liquid is evaporated. Stir in the cumin, coriander, and cayenne. Mix in the rice and reserved pigeon peas. Pour in the reserved 4 cups of pigeon pea cooking liquid, lime juice, and salt stir everything together. Cover and bake for 20 to 30 minutes, until the rice is tender and the liquid is absorbed.nTo make the achiote oil, pour the oil and achiote seeds in a pot or skillet. Cook over mediumlow heat for 5 to 10 minutes the oil will be reddishorange from the achiote. Strain the oil, discard the achiote seeds and set aside to cool., ingredients: [1 pound dried pigeon peas, picked through and rinsed, 2 bay leaves, 14 cup achiote oil, recipe follows, 1 medium white onion, diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 green bell pepper, cored and diced, 1 cubanella or Italian green pepper, cored and diced, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 2 cups longgrain rice, 12 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons achioteannatto seeds], title: Pigeon Pea Rice Arroz de Gandules, picturelink: null}, 40154: {instructions: Season the chicken generously with salt and pepper. In a large pan with straight sides and a lid large enough to eventually hold all the chicken nestled in 1 layer, add the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Once the oil begins to swirl, add the chicken pieces in batches, without crowding the pan. Cook until golden brown, flipping and browning on all sides. The purpose isnt to fully cook them here, just to get color. Remove the chicken to a plate.nImmediately add the tomatoes to the pan and allow them to roast while resting for a few minutes, then shake the pan and stir to get another side of the tomatoes roasting on the bottom of the pan. Cook like this until the tomatoes are charred and begin to break apart and create a sauce, about 8 minutes.nAdd the black olives, chile flakes and garlic to the tomatoes. Then, nestle the chicken pieces back into the pan. Add enough chicken stock so the chicken is almost but not completely covered by the liquid leave about 12 inch. Cover and lower to a simmer. Cook until the check of a garlic clove reveals it to be tender, or the chicken is cooked through, about 30 minutes.nBring the liquid in the pan back to a boil. Add the pasta and spinach and cook until the pasta is al dente, about 5 minutes according to the timing on the package. Remove the pasta to serving plates or bowls. Pour the chicken and spinach sauce over the pasta and serve with a spritz of lemon., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs about 8, cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 14 pounds cherry tomatoes, 34 cup roughly chopped kalamata olives, 12 teaspoon red chile flakes, 2 cloves garlic, About 4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 pound fresh spinach fettuccine, 6 ounces baby spinach, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Sunnys Easy Braised Tomato Chicken and Spinach with Fettuccine, picturelink: s3O12OlkAlQmcycC67tbjZECgMXwFau}, 40155: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 3inch round dough cutternIn a small mixing bowl, combine 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon of the granulated sugar and the cinnamon with a fork until it resembles wet sand. Set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and the remaining 23 cup granulated sugar until light in color. Beat in the vanilla and egg. Sift together the flour and salt. Slowly add the flour to the butter. Then add the chestnut meal and mix until a dough forms. With mixer on low speed, slowly add the cinnamon mixture 1 teaspoon at a time until all of the mixture is added. Mix until a swirl of the cinnamon sugar appears, about 10 seconds, and then turn the mixer off. Turn the dough out onto a sheet of plastic wrap and tightly wrap. Refrigerate the dough for at least 2 hours.nFor the filling: Melt the brown sugar, butter, nutmeg and salt in a large highsided saute pan. Add the apples and cook over medium heat. Add the sherry, then reduce the heat to low, and cook until the apples are tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in the pecans, then remove from the heat and set aside to cool completely. Fold the applesauce into the cooked apple mixture.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nDust a flat surface with flour. Roll the dough until 18 to 14inch thick. Using a 3inch round dough cutter, cut out as many circles as you can, rerolling any excess dough until it is all used up. Add a heaping teaspoon of the filling to the center of each dough circle. Fold the sides of a circle in three parts, pinching corners together as you go, to create a triangle with a window of filling in the center. Repeat for the remaining cookies. Place the cookies 1inch apart on the prepared baking sheet and bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool the cookies before serving., ingredients: [23 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 cup packed chestnut meal about 20 finely ground roasted chestnuts, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg, Pinch salt, 3 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled and finely diced, 1 12 cups cream sherry wine, 2 cups finely chopped toasted pecans, 2 12 cups applesauce], title: Spiced AppleChestnut Hamantaschen, picturelink: x11QVucEiQOKQw8atjGsk68elGxe}, 40156: {instructions: Cook the potatoes in boiling salted water 10 minutes. Drain and reserve.nFry the chorizo in a large nonstick skillet until browned. Drain off any excess oil. Add the onion and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Add the potatoes and cook until wellbrowned, about 10 minutes.nBeat the eggs until frothy and add to the chorizo. Stir with a fork to scramble until soft, not browned. Stir in the cilantro just before the eggs set. Garnish with scallions and cheese and serve., ingredients: [2 russet potatoes, peeled and diced, 12 pound bulk or chopped chorizo, 1 onion, chopped, 10 eggs, Salt an freshly ground pepper to taste, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, 2 green onions, sliced for garnish, Grated Panela cheese for garnish], title: Chorizo con Papas y Huevos, picturelink: null}, 40157: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 sheet pans Parchment papernPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 4 sheet pans with parchment paper.nIn a medium mixing bowl combine the flour with the salt and baking soda, and set aside.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter with the dark brown and granulated sugars until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well in between each addition, and then add the vanilla. Turn the mixer down to a low speed and add the flour mixture in two parts. When incorporated, stir in the chocolate chips, coconut, quinoa and walnuts.nScoop by rounded tablespoonful a 1 12tablespoon cookie scoop works well onto the prepared sheet pans, leaving space between each scoop. One dozen cookies should fit in each pan. Refrigerate the pans for at least 30 minutes and up to overnight.nBake until just golden at the edges, 12 to 14 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely on a wire rack., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup butter, at room temperature, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup chocolate chips, 1 cup desiccated coconut, toasted, 1 cup cooked and cooled white quinoa, 12 cup coarsely chopped toasted walnuts], title: Chocolate Chip Quinoa Cookies, picturelink: PHZxpLabgwlyfpv5GGKEIIolEmhKn06}, 40158: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, pulse the dates to create a thick paste. Add the walnuts, vanilla and 14 cup of the coconut and pulse until incorporated and a thick paste forms again. Using a spatula, transfer the date mixture to a medium bowl.nPour the remaining 14 cup coconut into a separate small, shallow bowl.nUsing a spoon, scoop out about 2 tablespoons of the date mixture and, with clean hands, work into a small rectangular bar 2 to 2 12 inches by 1 inch or roll into balls. Coat the date bar with the coconut in the bowl, delicately pressing the coconut onto the bar. Continue with the remaining date mixture and coconut.nServe in mini paper cupcake liners. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 cups dried dates, pitted, 14 cup raw walnuts, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup unsweetened shredded coconut], title: CoconutDate Bites, picturelink: AqcJRRVDPVNS456GF6v3WS0yJv00oS}, 40159: {instructions: Prepare and bake the crust.nTo make the filling, combine 2 cups milk, sugar and salt in a nonreactive saucepan whisk once to mix and bring to a boil over low heat. Place remaining 12 cup milk in a mixing bowl and whisk in cornstarch, then eggs. Return milk and sugar mixture to a boil over low heat then whisk about a third of it into the egg mixture. Return milk and sugar mixture to a boil once more and whisk in the egg mixture, whisking constantly until the filling thickens and comes to a boil. Allow to boil, whisking constantly, for about 30 seconds. Remove from heat, whisk in butter and vanilla pour into a nonreactive bowl. Press plastic wrap against the surface of the filling and chill until it is approximately 75 degrees. Fold the bananas into the cooled filling and spread it evenly in the cooled crust.nTo finish the pie, whip the cream with the sugar and vanilla until it holds a firm peak. Use a hand mixer on medium speed or a heavyduty mixer fitted with the whisk. Spread the cream over the filling, making sure it touches the edges of the crust all around.nTo mix the dough by hand, combine flour, salt and baking powder in a mediumsized mixing bowl and stir well to mix. Cut butter into 1tablespoon pieces and add to dry ingredients. Toss once or twice to coat pieces of butter. Then using your hands or a pastry blender, break the butter into tiny pieces and pinch and squeeze it into the dry ingredients. Keep the mixture uniform by occasionally reaching down to the bottom of the bowl and mixing all the ingredients evenly together. Continue rubbing the butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles a coarseground cornmeal and no large pieces of butter remain visible. Sprinkle the minimum amount of water over the butter and flour mixture and stir gently with a fork  the dough should begin holding together. If the mixture still appears dry and crumbly, add the remaining water, 1 teaspoon at a time for the smaller quantity of dough, a tablespoon at a time for the larger quantity, until the dough holds together easily.nTo mix the dough in the food processor, combine flour, salt and baking powder in work bowl fitted with metal blade. Pulse 3 times at 1second intervals to mix. Cut butter into 1tablespoon pieces and add to work bowl. Process, pulsing repeatedly at 1second intervals, until the mixture is fine and powdery, resembles a coarseground cornmeal and no large pieces of butter remain visibleabout 15 pulses in all. Scatter the minimum amount of water on the butter and flour mixture and pulse 5 or 6 times  the dough should begin holding together. If the mixture still appears dry and crumbly, add the remaining water, 1 teaspoon at a time for the smaller quantity of dough,one tablespoon at a time for the larger quantity, until the dough holds together easily.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and form it into a disk two equal disks for the larger amount of dough. Sandwich the disks of dough between two pieces of plastic wrap and press it into a 6inch circle. Refrigerate the dough until firm, or until you are ready to use it, at least 1 hour., ingredients: [Flaky Pie Dough for a 1crust pie, below, 2 12 cups milk, 23 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 13 cup cornstarch, 3 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large bananas, sliced, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups allpurpose bleached flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon baking powder, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, 2 to 3 tablespoons cold water, 2 12 cups about 11 ounces allpurpose bleached flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 16 tablespoons 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, 4 to 6 tablespoons cold water], title: Banana Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 40160: {instructions: In a four quart pot heat the oil to 325 degrees Fahrenheit. Season both sides of the fish with salt and pepper. Dredge the fillets in the flour. Coat each piece evenly and shake off any excess flour. Dip the fillets into the egg and then dredge in the cornmeal. Fry the catfish in the oil for three minutes. Do this in two batches. Drain the catfish on paper towels and serve while still hot on a pile of the pickled vegetables., ingredients: [1 pound catfish fillet, cut into four even pieces, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 1 cup flour, 1 egg beaten lightly, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 quart peanut or canola oil for frying], title: Corn Meal Batter Fried Catfish on Pickled Cucumbers with Red Peppers, picturelink: null}, 40161: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the roast with salt and pepper. In a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the roast and sear on all sides until well browned, about 5 minutes. Remove to a plate.nAdd the celery, carrots and onions and saute until caramelized on the edges, about 5 minutes. Add the flour, garlic, thyme, bay leaves and rosemary. Stir to incorporate the flour into the oil and cook until the flour smells toasty, about 2 minutes.nPour in the wine and bring to a boil. Add the roast back to the pot, along with the stock and potatoes. Bring to a rapid simmer and cover tightly. Place in the oven and cook, covered, until the meat is just tender a knife will slide out easily with no resistance, about 2 hours 30 minutes. Remove the meat to a cutting board.nLet the sauce sit for a few minutes, and then spoon off any fat that has risen to the surface or pour into a fatseparating measuring cup, pour off the fat and add the sauce back to the pot. Return the sauce to a simmer. Whisk in the mustard and horseradish and season with salt and pepper if necessary. Discard the bay leaves and stir in the parsley if using.nCarve the meat into 12inchthick slices against the grain, and serve with the sauce and vegetables., ingredients: [One 3pound beef chuck roast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 stalks celery, cut into 2inch chunks, 2 carrots, cut into 2inch chunks, 2 medium onions, cut into 2inch chunks, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cloves garlic, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 dried bay leaves, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 12 cup dry red wine, 6 cups beef stock, 1 pound red potatoes, cut into 2inch chunks, 14 cup yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, optional], title: New England Pot Roast, picturelink: KlqGFMCI6CpA5dWI4a.NS47FJZnWya}, 40162: {instructions: To make the cauliflower puree: Trim away the stem and core from the cauliflower. Cut it into large pieces and using a food processor, process it into small pieces. In a saucepan, combine the ground cauliflower and milk and bring to a simmer, cooking until very soft. Strain the cauliflower through a sieve set over a bowl, reserving the milk. Puree the cauliflower in a blender, using only as much milk as needed to blend well. Pass through a fine sieve and season with salt and sherry vinegar, to taste. Let cool.nTo prepare the vegetables and shellfish: Separate the chard leaves from the stem. Cut the stems into batons and blanch them in boiling salted water until tender. Cut the leaves into a large chiffonade. Clean the wood ear mushrooms in a large bowl of water, swishing them vigorously to remove any grit. Dry on paper towels.nFreeze the spiny tailed lobster just until the shell is frozen not the meat. Use scissors to cut across the top of the shell to separate it from the meat. Carefully remove the meat, and remove the digestive track by pulling it out through the back of the lobster with a tweezer.nTrim the scallops by removing the foot and rinsing the scallops quickly in cold water. Dry on paper towels.nTo make the white soy dashi butter: Put the soy sauce with dashi in a saucepan, bring to a boil, and reduce until its syrupy. Add the cream and continue to reduce by half. Slowly whisk in the butter pieces until the mixture is well emulsified. Season with lime juice, to taste. Hold the butter at 140 degrees F.nTo finish: Put the lobster, mushrooms, and chard leaves and stems in the warm soy dashi butter and cook them slowly just to warm through.nHeat the clarified butter in a heavy skillet until almost smoking. Add the scallops, reduce the heat, and cook until golden brown. Turn and sear the other side. The total time in the pan should be about 4 minutes. Transfer the scallops to a plate and let rest.nMelt the 2 tablespoons of butter in a nonstick pan over medium heat. Crack the quail eggs into the pan, being careful not to puncture the yolks. Cook the quail eggs sunny side up, until the whites are set and the yolks are still runny.nRemove the lobster and vegetables from the butter. Slice the lobster tail into four medallions.nPut four dollops of the cold cauliflower puree in the center of a plate. Top with the vegetables, a medallion of lobster, and a scallop. Place the sea urchin tongue atop the scallop and top with the fried quail egg., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, 2 cups milk, Salt, Sherry vinegar, 1 bunch yellow Swiss chard or bok choy but not red chard, 1 cup fresh wood ear mushrooms, 1 spiny tailed lobster, 4 giant sea scallops U10, 2 cups white soy sauce with dashi, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 12 pounds butter, cold and cut into pieces, Fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons clarified butter, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 quail eggs, 4 sea urchin tongues], title: Diver Scallop and Spiny Lobster with White Soy, Cauliflower, and Egg, picturelink: null}, 40163: {instructions: Remove the tough, outer part and stalk of the fennel. Slice the bulb as finely as you can across the grain. Keep any of the green tops.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a thickbottomed pan, add the garlic, fennel seeds, and chilis and cook to soften. Add the crab, zest and lemon juice, and season. Stir through, just to heat up the crab.nCook the linguine in boiling salted water for 5 minutes, then add the fennel slices, and cook together until al dente. Drain the pasta, keeping a little of the water, and add to the crab mixture. Stir thoroughly to combine, adding a little of the reserved water to loosen the sauce, if necessary.nServe with olive oil., ingredients: [1 fennel bulb, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 garlic clove, peeled and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, crushed, 2 dried chilis, crumbled, About 14 ounces 400 grams crabmeat, 1 lemon, zest grated and juiced, About 11.5 ounces 320 grams linguine], title: Linguine Crab, picturelink: bYn7bdrnImBHMpDQwkwHMUEo6ReJ37i}, 40164: {instructions: Prepare rice noodles according to package instructions.nCombine the lime juice, sugar, fish sauce and chili paste to make the Thai shrimp sauce. Pour Thai shrimp sauce into a 10inch nonstick pan. Turn heat to medium high and bring to a boil. Add the shrimp, and reduce heat to medium low. Cook until shrimp is tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add cilantro to sauce. Taste and adjust seasonings, pour over noodles., ingredients: [5 ounces rice noodles, 12 cup lime juice, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 12 teaspoon chili paste, 1 pound small shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 cup loosely packed cilantro leaves], title: Thai Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 40165: {instructions: Preheat fryer with deep frying oil to 325 degrees.nDrain excess liquid from tomatoes. Crush by hand into smaller pieces. In a small pot or casserole, heat olive oil. Saute garlic briefly, taking care not to brown the garlic. Add the red pepper flakes and tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Simmer for 20 minutes.nDredge clean, well washed squid in flour, shaking off any excess. Fry squid in batches, making sure not to overload fryer, until crisp and golden brown. As squid is removed from fryer, shake off excess oil and season with salt and pepper. Serve with tomato sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 cups canned plum tomatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons crushed red pepper flakes, Salt and pepper, 2 pounds fresh clean squid, cut into ringlets, with tentacles, 3 cups flour, Deep frying vegetable oil], title: Fried Squid Mezzo Giorno, picturelink: null}, 40166: {instructions: Cut the feta into 1inch squares. In a blender, mix the mustard, sumakh, and vinegar. Slowly drizzle in the oil. Gently toss the cheese in the dressing. Sprinkle oregano leaves on top. Serve with accompaniments., ingredients: [1 pound Greek manouri or Bulgarian feta, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon dried sumakh sumac, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, Pumpernickel, pita, fresh and sour tomatoes and an assortment of olives, as an accompaniment], title: Brinza, picturelink: null}, 40167: {instructions: Dice the tomatoes, onions, and jalapenos into small cubes. Chop the cilantro using a food processor. Mix the ingredients in a medium mixing bowl. Add the lemon juice and salt, to taste., ingredients: [10 to 12 medium firm tomatoes, 3 medium Spanish onions, 5 to 6 average jalapenos, 2 bunches fresh cilantro, 2 cups fresh lemon juice, Salt], title: Pico de Gallo, picturelink: s2gCKAhpKakt5Qnf69MKDTDsVCTlLiO}, 40168: {instructions: Heat and mix milk, cream, and sugar in a saucepan to 180 degrees F. Cool in the refrigerator overnight. Add wine and freeze in an ice cream machine according to manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [5 ounces milk, 3 ounces heavy cream, 2 12 ounces sugar, 6 to 10 ounces wine], title: Basic Wine Gelato, picturelink: null}, 40169: {instructions: Warm the Applesauce on the stove or in a microwave. Place the ice cream in a dish. Top with the Applesauce, sprinkle with cinnamon and top with whipped cream if desired.nThrow the apples, apple juice and lemon juice into a pan and bring it to the boil over mediumhigh heat. Lower the heat and simmer until the apples are soft, about 15 minutes. Stir through the sugar and mix until melted. Add the cinnamon and stir through.nPuree the mixture in a food processor, blender or food mill. If not using right away, leave to cool and then refrigerate., ingredients: [12 cup Applesauce, recipe follows, 2 to 3 scoops vanilla or caramel or both ice cream, 1 pinch cinnamon, Whipped cream, for topping, optional, 6 pounds mixed apple varieties Gala, Honeycrisp, Golden Delicious, peeled, cored and cut into eighths, 1 cup apple juice or water, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Ice Cream Topped with Applesauce and Cinnamon, picturelink: null}, 40170: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the avocados, jalapeno, onion, lime juice, oil and cilantro in a bowl and gently mix until combined. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat the grill to high. Brush tomatoes with 2 tablespoons of the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill and grill until charred on all sides. Remove from the grill, slice the tomatoes in half, remove the seeds and coarsely chop.nWhisk together the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil, vinegar, chipotle puree and onion in a small bowl, add the tomatoes and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the grill to high. Grill hot dogs until golden brown on all sides, about 7 minutes. Remove to a plate. Place buns on the grill cut side down and grill until lightly golden brown, about 20 seconds. Place hot dogs in the buns, top with cheese, jalapeno, guacamole, salsa and tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 ripe Hass avocados, peeled, pitted and coarsely chopped, 1 large jalapeno, finely diced, 3 tablespoons finely diced red onion, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 plum tomatoes, 4 tablespoons canola oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chipotle in adobo puree, 3 tablespoons finely diced red onion, 8 kosher beef or turkey or chicken hot dogs, 8 hot dog buns, split 34 of the way through, 1 12 cups grated white Cheddar, 8 pickled jalapenos, thinly sliced, Fried blue corn tortilla chips, coarsely crumbled], title: Nacho Dog, picturelink: hFMMxJJshqLuQ0HIdkOu.KrigZabsOS}, 40171: {instructions: Mix one batch of the White Pan Loaf dough according to instructions given in recipe.nPlace the just mixed dough in a clean bowl lightly dusted with flour. Cover the bowl with a towel and allow the dough to rise at room temperature 75 degrees to 77 degrees for 2 to 2 12 hours, until it doubles in volume. An indentation made by poking your finger deep into the dough should not spring back.nWhile the dough is rising, place the raisins in a bowl or a plastic container and fill with warm water to come just below the top of the raisins. If you use too much water, you will rinse away the natural sweetness of the raisins.nPlace the dough on a very lightly floured surface. Gently deflate the dough and pat it into a rectangle that is about 34 of an inch thick, and about 6 inches by 12 inches in size. The short sides should be the top and bottom edges.nMix the cinnamon and sugar together, and sprinkle it evenly over the dough.nDrain the raisins and toss them with the remaining 2 tablespoons flour. Spread the raisins evenly over the dough and gently press them into it.nStarting at a short side, roll the dough into a log. Roll the dough tightly, keeping the skin of the dough slightly taut, and tucking in any raisins that fall out, but dont stretch the dough so tight that the skin tears. Seal the seam of the log gently but tightly using the heel of your hand against the surface of the table, or pinch it shut with your fingers.nPlace the loaf in an oiled or buttered 9 by 5 inch loaf pan, and cover with oiled plastic wrap. Let the dough rise at room temperature for 1 12 to 2 12 hours, or until the loaf has risen almost 1 inch above the sides of the pans.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 450 degrees.nPlace the loaf pan on the center oven rack. Using a plant sprayer, mist the loaf 8 to 10 times, then quickly shut the oven door. Spray the bread again after 2 minutes.nBake for 15 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees and bake for 20 to 30 minutes longer, until the crust is deep brown and the loaf sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom. The crust may color quickly because of the cinnamon and raisins in the dough watch carefully and cover the top of the loaf loosely with foil if it is browning too fast. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then remove the bread from the pan and place the loaf on a rack to cool. Let cool completely before slicing, or the bread will fall apart. This bread keeps well for at least 2 days., ingredients: [Big Beautiful White Pan Loaf dough, 1 batch, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 cups, 7.5 ounces dark raisins,, 2 tablespoons unbleached allpurpose flour], title: Cinnamon Raisin Bread, picturelink: null}, 40172: {instructions: Make the stock: Pull the turkey carcass apart into smaller pieces set the meat aside. Put the bones in a large, deep pot and add cold water to cover, 4 to 5 quarts. Add the onion, celery, the 3 quartered carrots and the bay leaf. Tie the parsley and thyme together with twine and add to the pot, then cover and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Uncover, reduce the heat to medium low and cook 3 to 4 hours. Remove the bones and vegetables with a skimmer and discard, then strain the stock though a finemesh strainer. Return the stock to the pot and simmer over mediumhigh heat until reduced by half, 30 to 40 minutes youll have about 8 cups stock.nAbout 45 minutes before serving, prepare the Dumplings. Keep covered with plastic wrap while you make the stew.nMake the stew: Melt the butter in a large, wide pot over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Gradually add the stock, stirring, and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper. Add the sliced carrots and parsnips, cover and cook 5 minutes.nStir in the turkey meat, lemon juice and green beans. Add the Dumplings in a single layer leave as squares or pat into rounds. Cover and simmer until the Dumplings are cooked through, about 20 minutes. Ladle into bowls top with chives.nPhotograph by Con PoulosnWhisk the flour, herb mixture, baking powder, baking soda, salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cut in the butter with a pastry blender until sandy. Stir in the buttermilk.nTurn out onto a floured piece of parchment paper. Pat into a 34inchthick rectangle.nCut the dough into rough 2inch squares with a large knife. Cover with plastic wrap., ingredients: [1 leftover roasted turkey carcass, plus 3 to 4 cups shredded turkey meat, 1 onion, quartered, 2 stalks celery, quartered crosswise save the leaves for the Dumplings, 1 pound carrots 3 quartered crosswise the rest thinly sliced, 1 bay leaf, 3 sprigs parsley, 3 sprigs thyme, Dumpling Dough, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 shallots, minced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound parsnips, peeled and thinly sliced Juice of 12 lemon, 1 pound green beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, Chopped fresh chives, for topping, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 cup minced mixed fresh herbs and celery leaves, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground pepper, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 cups cold buttermilk], title: Turkey Dumpling Stew, picturelink: lG9LEktczjXF6Bofu0a1Dj3BNt0XMKm}, 40173: {instructions: Position oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven, and preheat to 300 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Beat the butter and both with an electric mixer sugars with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a second large bowl until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs to the butter mixture, one at time, beating after each addition to incorporate beat in the vanilla. Reduce the speed to medium, add the flour mixture, and beat until just incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips.nScoop 12 heaping tablespoons of dough onto each prepared baking sheet about 2 inches apart. Roll each into a ball with slightly wet hands. Bake until the cookies are golden, flat and crunchy, 24 to 28 minutes, rotating the baking sheets halfway through. Let the cookies cool for a few minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer them to a rack to cool completely.nWhen the baking sheets have cooled completely, scoop the remaining dough onto 1 sheet and bake. Store the cookies in a tightly sealed container at room temperature for up to 5 days., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, One 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips], title: ExtraCrispy Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: jqHvAzDy1CHQsA2csru4WCgi80oQTa}, 40174: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial Equipment: BlowtorchnHalve each grapefruit crosswise, and cut a thin slice off the bottom of each half to stabilize the pieces. Remove all seeds from the grapefruit, and loosen the segments with a paring knife.nSprinkle each half evenly with the sugar. Using a blowtorch, melt the sugar to form a golden brown and crispy surface. Sprinkle the hot sugar with the salt, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 red or pink grapefruits, chilled, 2 tablespoons coarse sugar, 34 teaspoon coarse sea salt], title: Grapefruit Brulee, picturelink: Gk9wVzKAWXhWdmHLi9R3CzMEeHXIdm}, 40175: {instructions: Chill salad plates when you begin preparing your entree.nWhen your entree is almost ready to serve, combine arugula and romaine leaves and separate onto 4 chilled salad plates. Scatter toasted walnuts evenly among the salads. Pour vinegar into a small bowl and whisk in extravirgin olive oil in a slow stream to combine dressing. Season dressing with salt and pepper, then stir in blue cheese crumbles. Ladle dressing evenly over top of salad plates and serve., ingredients: [2 cups arugula leaves, washed and trimmed, 2 hearts romaine lettuce, coarsely chopped, 1 cup walnut halves, lightly toasted, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 6 ounces, 1 cup blue cheese crumbles], title: Arugula and Romaine Salad with Walnuts and Blue Cheese Vinaigrette, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 40176: {instructions: In a skillet over low heat melt the butter, add the onion, yellow pepper, fennel, and garlic.nSeason with salt and pepper. Cook slowly for about 6 minutes until all are tender, transfer mixture to a bowl, add bread crumbs, and allow to cool.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nWhen cooled add crab meat, mayonnaise, lemon zest, lemon juice, tarragon, parsley, scallions, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Mix the ingredients well and stuff the shells. Bake for 25 minutes until warmed through.nNote: the crabs should be poached in a court boullion made with 2 quarts water, 1 chopped carrot, 1 chopped yellow onion, and 1 chopped celery stalk boiled with 12 teaspoon each black peppercorns and coriander seeds. Bring the mixture to a boil and after 10 minutes, add 1 lemon, thinly sliced. Let boil for 10 more minutes, salt the water, and poach the crabs., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small red onion, diced, 12 cup diced yellow pepper, 12 cup small diced fennel, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups fresh bread crumbs, 2 Dungeness crabs, poached see note, meat removed, shells, washed, and trimmed, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped tarragon, 14 cup chopped parsley, 4 scallions, chopped], title: Stuffed Crab, picturelink: null}, 40177: {instructions: Put the rhubarb in a bowl, pour over 4 cups boiling water, cover, and leave at room temperature overnight. Next day, strain the liquid into a saucepan, discarding the rhubarb. Add the sugar and lemon juice, and bring to a boil 5 minutes. Cool. Taste, and add more lemon juice if necessary. Strain into a bottle, and cork. Store refrigerated, to be served icecold., ingredients: [2 pounds rhubarb, washed and cut into chunks, 34 cup sugar, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Rhubarb Water, picturelink: null}, 40178: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl combine all the dry ingredients and diced butter. Rub mixture briskly between finger tips until it forms small moist clumps in a loose sandy mixture. Refrigerate while preparing the apples.nCut a small layer off the bottom of each apple to create a flat, stable bottom surface. With a small paring knife, cut a cylindrical cone out of the top of the apple, moving about 1inch outside of the core, similar to removing the top of a pumpkin when carving a Jack OLantern. Remove the top and discard. With a melon baller or a teaspoon, remove the remaining core and seeds taking care not to puncture the base of the apple.nPlace apples on a baking sheet or pie dish and fill each center with a teaspoon of honey. Spoon in mixture, packing lightly until heaped and overflowing over sides of the apples.nBake in oven at 350 degrees on the top or middle rack for 40 minutes or until filling is golden brown and the tip of a paring knife can be inserted into the side of the apple with little or no resistance. Let apples stand for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [34 cup oats, 34 cup flour, 23 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch kosher salt, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, diced, 4 Braeburn apples Fuji will substitute, 4 teaspoons honey], title: Baker, Baker, picturelink: 8LF6ueP6VREUBGvQCt5Y3fJYsPh0Vcm}, 40179: {instructions: For the pasta: Combine flour and salt in a mixing bowl. Make a well in the center and add egg yolks and olive oil. Mix until the dough comes together into a ball. If the dough seems too dry, add a few tablespoons of water.nKnead dough on a floured surface for 2 to 3 minutes, dough should seem smooth and elastic. Let dough rest in refrigerator for 1 hour.nMake the filling by combining the ricotta, egg, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Using a pasta machine, roll out the pasta dough to the last setting. Cut the dough into sheets approximately 18inches long. Place 1 sheet of pasta on a floured work surface and brush with the egg wash. Place tablespoon size dots of ricotta mixture 2inches apart on the sheet of pasta. Place a second sheet of dough over the first and press down to seal around the filling and remove any air bubbles. Using a floured 3inch round cutter, cut out the ravioli and place them on a wellfloured sheet tray. Crimp the edges with a fork.nFor the sauce: Poach garlic cloves in the cream until tender. Add the crushed tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and simmer for 5 minutes. Puree in a blender, strain and set aside. In a large saute pan, heat prosciutto and roasted peppers in the olive oil. Add the pea shoots and cook briefly, until they are just beginning to wilt. Season with salt and pepper. Add the freshly poached ravioli, 14 cup of tomato sauce and toss to combine.nWhen the sauce is ready, poach the ravioli in simmering, salted water for 2 to 3 minutes. Drain and immediately add to the sauce.nTo serve, ladle a small pool of sauce on the bottom of a large plate or widebottomed bowl. Arrange 3 ravioli on the sauce and spoon the prosciutto and vegetables over the top. Garnish with shaved Parmesan or herbs and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound flour, plus flour for the board, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup crushed tomatoes, 14 cup prosciutto, julienned 3 to 4 slices, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 yellow pepper, roasted, peeled and julienned, 1 cup small pea shoots or arugula, Salt and pepper, Parmesan cheese or freshly chopped herbs, for garnish], title: Ricotta Ravioli with Prosciutto, Roasted Peppers, Pea Shoots and Tomato Cream, picturelink: null}, 40180: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring soup stock, grated ginger and soy sauce to a boil. In a small cup, make a slurry by combining the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons of chicken stock. Stir until dissolved. Slowly pour in the cornstarch mixture while stirring the stock, until thickened. Reduce heat to a simmer. Pour in the eggs slowly while stirring the soup in the same direction. The egg will spread and feather. Turn off the heat and add the green onions. Season with salt and pepper, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups prepared chicken stock, plus 2 tablespoons, 12 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 green onions, chopped, including ends, Salt and white pepper, to taste], title: Asian Egg Drop Soup, picturelink: 3hdvLnm7dxUFhNtoHIT8IURMpskuOMa}, 40181: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 12cup muffin pan with cooking spray.nHeat 1 teaspoon of the oil in a large nonstick skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Add the ham and cook until shrunken and somewhat dried, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn and cook another 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.nAdd the remaining 1 teaspoon oil and the onions to the pan and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are translucent and very soft, 11 to 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, lightly beat the whole eggs and egg whites in a large bowl. Add all but 2 tablespoons of the cheese, the salt and thyme, and whisk until well blended. Stir in the ham and onions.nScoop about 14 cup of the mixture at a time into the prepared muffin pan, and divide the remaining 2 tablespoons of cheese over the tops. Bake in the center of the oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 22 to 25 minutes. Cool slightly before removing from the pan. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 6 ounces ham steak, cut in 14inch dice about 1 12 cups, 1 12 cups 18inchthick slices red onion, 6 whole large eggs, 4 large egg whites, 34 cup shredded reducedfat sharp Cheddar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon dried thyme leaves], title: 100Calorie Ham and Cheese Individual Frittatas, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 40182: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: One piping bag fitted with a plain 12inch tipnFor the meringue: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Using a pencil, trace two 8inchdiameter circles, sidebyside, on the parchment paper.nBeat the egg whites until fluffy in a stand mixer with a whisk attachment. Gradually add the superfine sugar, about 1 tablespoon at a time, with the machine running on mediumlow speed, until the mixture holds soft peaks. Beat in the cream of tartar and salt. Increase the speed to high and beat until the mixture is thick and holds stiff peaks, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in the vanilla extract. Place the meringue in the piping bag. Pipe the meringue into two 8inch circles on the prepared baking sheet using the traced circles as a guide. Bake until crisp, 2 hours. Turn off the oven and allow the meringues to cool completely while still in the oven, about 2 hours.nFor the cream: Beat the cream on high speed until thick using an electric hand mixer. Add the powdered sugar and vanilla extract. Continue to beat on high speed until the cream holds stiff peaks. Add the raspberries and beat until incorporated into the cream.nSpread onethird of the cream over each meringue circle. Place 1 circle on top of the other to create 2 layers. Spread the remaining cream on the sides of the cake. Garnish with fresh raspberries if using, and freeze the cake until firm, 3 hours.nFor the syrup: Mix the raspberries, vinegar and maple syrup in a small saucepan. Lightly mash the raspberries using a fork. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until thick, 25 to 30 minutes. Strain the mixture through a fine sieve and allow to cool.nTo serve: Allow the cake to sit at room temperature for 15 minutes. Cut the cake into wedges and place on serving plates. Drizzle with the syrup and serve., ingredients: [4 large egg whites, at room temperature, 34 cup superfine bakers sugar, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch fine sea salt, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups fresh raspberries 6 ounces, 1 12 cups fresh raspberries 6 ounces, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons maple syrup, 12 cup fresh raspberries, for garnish, optional], title: Frozen Meringue Cake, picturelink: vhPb8mqESyr7ZLeiaWJBCj0x9VSHKke}, 40183: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour water into the water chamber of the coffee maker. Place coffee into an unbleached paper filter and sprinkle with the salt. Once brewed, immediately transfer coffee to a thermos to hold., ingredients: [36 ounces filtered water, 12 tablespoons freshly ground coffee, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Coffee, picturelink: JpOjDfqGSKfqlaKRlkLXutU9n1z6Ks2}, 40184: {instructions: Marinate chicken in bbq sauce for 2 hours in the refrigerator. Remove from marinade and grill each thigh for 6 to 7 minutes on each side or until cooked through.nMix all ingredients for dressing, and season with salt and pepper.nArrange lettuce on 4 plates, top each plate with a chicken thigh. Garnish with blue cheese, avocado, onion and tomato. Drizzle with the buttermilk dressing.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and sweat the onion and garlic until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and simmer 15 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer 20 minutes.nPuree the mixture in a food processor, pour into a bowl, and let cool at room temperature. May be refrigerated up to 1 week or frozen., ingredients: [4 chicken thighs, bone in, 2 cups Mesa BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup sour cream, 34 cup buttermilk, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups red leaf lettuce, roughly torn, 3 cups romaine lettuce, roughly torn, 12 pound American blue cheese, crumbled, 1 large avocado, peeled, pit removed and thinly sliced, 1 Vidalia onion, peeled and sliced crosswise into 12inch thick slices and grilled, 2 plum tomatoes, quartered, 2 tablespoons 14 stick butter, 12 medium red onion, finely diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 6 plum tomatoes, coarsely diced, 14 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons dark molasses, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder available at Hispanic or specialty markets, 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder available at Hispanic or specialty markets, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Bbq Chicken Cobb Salad, picturelink: null}, 40185: {instructions: Mix the wine, liqueur and sugar in a pitcher, stirring to dissolve the sugar, then add the fruit.nRefrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 1 day.nAdd the seltzer just before serving.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 bottle 750 ml dry white wine, 14 cup light rum, 3 tablespoons elderflower liqueur, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 sliced nectarines, 2 sliced plums, 1 sliced lemon, 1 12 cups seltzer], title: White Sangria, picturelink: P9xOjnk3WHOtNvQ5OGEwGVh1igG6ceS}, 40186: {instructions: Place the filets on a board and pat them dry with paper towels. Sprinkle the filets with salt and then press the black pepper evenly on both sides. Allow to rest at room temperature for 15 minutes.nHeat 1 12 tablespoons of the butter and the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until the butter almost smokes. Place the steaks in the pan and lower the heat to medium. Saute the steaks for 4 minutes on 1 side and then for 3 minutes on the other side, for medium rare. Remove the steaks to a serving platter and cover tightly with aluminum foil.nMeanwhile, pour all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the saute pan. Add the shallots and cook over medium heat for 2 minutes. Add the beef broth and cook over high heat for 4 to 6 minutes, until reduced by half, scraping the brown bits from the bottom of the pan. Add the Cognac and cook for 2 more minutes. Off the heat, swirl in the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and 12 teaspoon salt. Serve the steaks hot with the sauce poured on top., ingredients: [6 filet mignon, cut 1 14 inches thick, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 34 cup chopped shallots 3 to 4 shallots, 1 cup canned beef broth, 12 cup good Cognac or brandy], title: Filet of Beef au Poivre, picturelink: c.T05Ld7bZm9Z6sw5K.wGSfWWywrSBK}, 40187: {instructions: Bring broth to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the barley, oil, and salt. Bring back to a boil, adjust heat to maintain a gentle simmer, cover and cook until tender, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, for 10 minutes more.nMeanwhile make the dressing: Whisk the lemon juice, honey, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a smooth dressing.nDrain excess liquid from barley, if needed. Transfer to a bowl and toss with the remaining salad ingredients and dressing. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups chicken or vegetable broth, lowsodium canned, or homemade, 1 cup barley, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup chopped dried apricots, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 scallion white and green parts, thinly sliced, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons honey, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: BarleyApricot Salad, picturelink: null}, 40188: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Set a wire rack on a baking sheet and place in the oven.nWhisk 1 34 cups flour, the sugar, baking powder, salt and nutmeg in a large bowl. In small bowl or liquid measuring cup, whisk the eggs with the milk and vanilla extract. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a large wellseasoned castiron or nonstick skillet over medium heat. Whisk the butter into the milk mixture. Add the liquid ingredients to the dry mixture, and whisk just long enough to make a thick batter, if there are a couple lumps thats okay.nUsing a melon baller or an apple corer, peel and core the apples keeping them whole. Slice the apples crosswise to make 14inch rounds. Put some flour on a plate and dredge the apple slices until lightly coated, shaking off any excess flour.nIn the same skillet over medium to mediumlow heat, place 3 apple slices about 3inches apart in the skillet. Cook without turning until browned, about 3 minutes. Ladle about 2 tablespoons of the batter over each apple ring. Cook, until bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, and the undersides are golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add a nutsized bit of butter to the skillet, as needed, and flip the pancakes, cook until golden on the underside, about 1 minute more.nServe immediately or transfer to oven to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining apples and batter. Serve with warm maple syrup., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more as needed, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 2 large eggs at room temperature, 1 14 cups milk at room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed, 4 Macintosh or other small apples, Warm maple syrup, as an accompaniment], title: Apple Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 40189: {instructions: For the cinnamon spice cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 9inch cake pans with parchment paper and lightly butter.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter, shortening, brown sugar and granulated sugar together until smooth. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time until smooth and light. Stir together the buttermilk and vanilla in a separate small bowl. Sift together the flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, nutmeg and allspice in a large bowl. Alternately add the flour mixture and buttermilk mixture in thirds to the mixer bowl, blending well after each addition.nPour the batter into the prepared pans and bake until a cake tester inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Cool about 5 minutes, then turn out onto a cooling rack to cool completely, about 10 minutes.nFor the fig buttercream: In a clean bowl of a stand mixer, cream the butter until smooth. Add the confectioners sugar and beat until incorporated. Mix in the fig butter. Add the buttermilk if needed to thin to a spreading consistency.nFor the buttermilk caramel: Combine the granulated sugar, buttermilk, butter, corn syrup and baking soda in a LARGE pot. Do not use a saucepan it may boil over. Bring the ingredients to a boil and reduce the heat to low but still bubbling. Cook, stirring very frequently, until golden brown, 8 to 9 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the vanilla. Let cool.nFor the white chocolate ganache: Put the white chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Heat the cream in a saucepan until just simmering. Pour the cream over the chocolate and let stand for 5 minutes. Stir until smooth and melted. Refrigerate until cooled completely, about 20 minutes. Transfer the ganache to a clean bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and whip until smooth.nTo assemble the cake: Slice each cake layer in half horizontally. Place a layer on a plate or cake stand and cover with fig buttercream. Repeat with 2 more layers and the buttercream. Put the final cake layer on top, then frost the top and sides with the white chocolate ganache. Pour the buttermilk caramel over the top of the cake to drizzle down. Serve with more caramel sauce if desired., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for buttering the pans, 1 cup shortening, 1 cup lightly packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 pound confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons fig butter see Cooks Note, 2 to 3 teaspoons buttermilk, optional, for thinning the frosting if needed, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup buttermilk, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons corn syrup, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 24 ounces goodquality white chocolate, chopped or chips, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Cinnamon Spice Cake with Fig Buttercream, White Chocolate Ganache and Buttermilk Caramel, picturelink: G4t0iI0J2tyezN3P6vEBKYzYq1tPjDW}, 40190: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large pot over mediumlow heat. Add the Gorgonzola and stir until melted. Add nutmeg, white pepper, and onion powder. Add brandy and flambe. Whisk in the heavy cream until smooth. Bring to a boil and add the walnuts. Divide gnocchi among 4 bowls and serve sauce immediately over top. Garnish with 1 prosciutto slice per bowl., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 6 ounces Gorgonzola, Pinch ground nutmeg, Pinch ground white pepper, Pinch onion powder, 14 cup brandy, 1 pint heavy cream, 14 cup chopped walnuts, Homemade or store bought potato gnocchi, cooked, 4 slices prosciutto], title: Gnocchi Gorgonzola, picturelink: null}, 40191: {instructions: Pour the flour and salt into a large bowl. Slowly pour water into the flour, moving your other hand through the flour in circular motions, until it starts to come together. Then, either in the bowl or on your counter which you might want to lightly flour to prevent sticking, knead the dough for about 10 minutes. The dough should be soft and pliant.nReturn the ball of dough to the bowl and rub the surface of the dough with a little oil to keep it from drying out. Cover with plastic wrap or a damp cloth and allow to rest about 30 minutes.nWhen youre ready to make chapatis, assemble your tools: a small, flat bowl of whole wheat flour, a small bowl of olive oil or melted butter with a small spoon in it, and a paper towellined plate or container for the finished breads.nHeat a flat griddle or cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Meanwhile, on a lightlyfloured surface, work the ball of dough into a long log. Cut into 12 equal pieces by cutting it in half, and then half again. Cut each of the quarters into 3 equal pieces. Return to the bowl and cover with a damp towel to prevent them from drying out.nTo roll the chapatis: Roll a piece of dough between your palms to form a ball, and then flatten with your palm. Dunk this puck in the bowl of flour, and then roll until its a 4inch circle. Spoon about 14 teaspoon of oil in the center of the circle, and spread it out almost to the perimeter of the circle using the back of the spoon. Fold the circle in half, then in half again, so it forms a triangle. Seal the edges, and dunk in flour again if its sticky.nStart rolling, turning the triangle a quarter turn after each roll, until its about 6inches wide, with an even thickness. After some practice youll be able to roll the chapati and rotate it without picking it up I do this by weighing down a little on my right hand and pushing the chapati around that way.nTest the griddle by sprinkling a little flour on it if it turns brown immediately, its ready. Flapping the chapati between your hands to remove any excess flour, slap the chapati onto the griddle. It should start darkening almost immediately.nWhen small bubbles start to form, spread a little oil over the surface of the chapati, then flip. It should start to puff up. Spoon a little oil over this side too, and when its puffed up a little more, flip. Press down on the edges of the chapati with your spatula or if youre brave with a dry rag. This will seal the edges and encourage the entire chapati to puff up. If you spot any holes, press down on those too so the air doesnt escape. Allowing the air to stay inside the whole chapati makes it flaky and light. But dont fret if your first few dont puff up it takes practice It will still taste delicious.nRemove to your container. Repeat with the remaining dough, and serve the chapatis hot., ingredients: [2 cups whole wheat flour, plus more for rolling, Big pinch fine sea salt, 1 cup water, 14 cup olive oil, vegetable oil, melted butter, or ghee], title: Indian Whole Wheat Griddle Breads: Chapatis, picturelink: 0UCsDwK7jzhJEqb1inXv8woIOEfH.Qe}, 40192: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the lime juice, agave nectar and mango puree in the bottom of a cocktail shaker. Add the rosemary leaves and using a wooden spoon or stick, muddle the rosemary to release the oils. Add the sherry, tequila and a pinch of chili powder. Shake the drink and strain to remove the rosemary leaves. Add ice and shake again vigorously.nOn a small plate, mix together a pinch of chipotle chili powder with the cane sugar. Run the slice of lime around onequarter of the edge of each cocktail glass and dip it in the sugar mixture.nStrain the drink into the cocktail glasses and garnish with the rosemary stem., ingredients: [1 ounce freshly squeezed key lime or lime juice, 1 12 ounces agave nectar, 2 ounces fresh mango puree, Leaves from one stem of fresh rosemary, 1 ounce dry Palo Cortado sherry, 2 ounces 100percent tequila, Chipotle chili powder, 14 cup cane sugar, Slice of lime, Stems of fresh rosemary, for garnish], title: The Barefoot Contessa, picturelink: SaD.N6POH2quqQKWaMBOvrO5stANYDi}, 40193: {instructions: Special equipment: a kitchen blowtorchnMake the pudding according to the package instructions using the cold milk. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, whip the heavy cream to soft peaks. Set aside 1 cup for the topping, and then fold the chocolate pudding into the remaining whipped cream. Fold 1 12 cups of the marshmallows into this mixture.nTo assemble the cake: On a square serving platter, put down 1 layer of 4 toaster pastries. Top with half of the chocolatewhipped cream filling. Add a second layer of pastries, followed by the remaining chocolatewhipped cream filling. Finish with a third layer of pastries. Top with the reserved 1 cup whipped cream and sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup marshmallows. Using a kitchen blowtorch, lightly toast the marshmallows.nPlace the entire cake in the refrigerator and allow to set up at least overnight. Before serving, top with chocolate shavings., ingredients: [1 box instant chocolate pudding mix, 1 12 cups cold milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups mini marshmallows, One 12count box frosted brown sugar cinnamon toaster pastries, such as PopTarts, frosting scraped off, Bar chocolate, for shaving], title: Smores Icebox Cake, picturelink: lWR5LEaYlt50ke07sZUqk73ZdlUT2u}, 40194: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Turn the dough out unto a floured surface. Roll the dough out to about 14inch rectangle and 14inch thick. Cut the dough into 1inch squares. Add the dough to the boiling water and cook for about 4 to 5 minutes, or until the dough floats for 1 minute in the water and is fully cooked. Remove and drain on paper towels. Season with salt. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a large saute pan. Add the onions. Season with salt and pepper. Saute until tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. In a large mixing bowl, toss the dumplings with the onions and cheese. Toss well. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon into a serving bowl and garnish with parsley. Serve warm.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the water, oil and egg. Mix well. Add the salt and 3 cups of the flour. Mix until the dough comes together and form a smooth ball. If the dough is too stickyadd a little more flour, about 14 cup at a time. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to rest for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 recipe dumpling dough, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 cups julienne onions, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 pound cottage cheese, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley leaves, 2 cups water, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 to 4 cups allpurpose flour], title: Halushki, picturelink: mK1yroNg.iU0IOyioess0Nc4YuEcOqC}, 40195: {instructions: Marinate the chicken thighs with the rest of the ingredients for 30 minutes. Place them on the grill over medium heat. Grill thighs until juices run clear., ingredients: [6 chicken thighs, 1 cup pineapple juice, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon fresh ginger], title: Hawaiian BBQ Chicken, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 40196: {instructions: In a large heavy skillet, heat 12 cup of the olive oil over medium high heat until it is very hot. Add the onions and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring constantly, until golden. Add the peppers and cook for about 4 minutes more, or until tender and golden. Add the zucchini and salt and stir together for 1 minute more. Cover the pan and reduce the heat to its lowest possible point use a heat proof pad if necessary. Cook for 20 to 25 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are very tender.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining tablespoon olive oil in a large, heavy saucepan, add the tomatoes and bring to a simmer over moderate heat, stirring and mashing them against the sides of the pan. Cook rapidly, uncovered, until most of the liquid has evaporated and the tomatoes have broken down into a thick, not quite smooth puree.nStir the tomatoes into the vegetable mixture, then pour in the beaten egg, stirring constantly. Simmer gently for about 10 seconds but do not let the mixture come to a full boil. Taste for seasoning and serve immediately, garnished with the hardboiled egg., ingredients: [12 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 large onions, coarsely chopped, 3 green bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, and cut into large dice, 3 medium zucchini, cut into large dice, 2 teaspoons salt, 6 medium tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 12 hardboiled egg, whites diced and yolks crumbled, for garnish], title: Pisto Manchego, picturelink: null}, 40197: {instructions: Mix the honey, mustard, garlic, 3 tablespoons oil, thyme and cinnamon together in a bowl and set aside. Remove the wing tips from the hens. Roll the hens in the marinade and marinate overnight.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSeason the birds inside and out with salt and pepper. Cut the lemon in half and squeeze over each bird. Put a used lemon half in the cavity of each bird. Truss the birds.nSet a rack in a roasting pan and brush the rack with several tablespoons vegetable oil. Place the birds, breast side down on the oiled rack. Roast for 30 minutes. Turn the birds breast side up, reduce the heat to 350 degrees and roast an additional 15 to 20 minutes or until the hens are cooked through and the skin is brown. Allow the hens to rest 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [14 cup honey, 13 cup grainy mustard, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon dried thyme or 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 Cornish game hens, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon], title: Roasted Cornish Game Hens Marinated in Honey and Mustard, picturelink: null}, 40198: {instructions: Add the cucumbers, onions and salt to a bowl, and stir to combine. Set aside for 30 minutes to draw out any excess moisture. Drain and discard the liquid.nAdd the mayonnaise, cider vinegar, dill and sugar to a large bowl season with pepper and stir to blend. Add the tomatoes and the drained cucumbers and onions, and toss to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed., ingredients: [1 pound cucumbers baby or English, cut into 12 to 34inchthick rounds, 1 small sweet onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon sugar, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 pound heirloom tomatoes, cut into wedges], title: Grandmas Heirloom Tomato Salad, picturelink: aLlOOHPNoedUNuQF7lmAX3QBS1t6uuG}, 40199: {instructions: Prepare a charcoal grill for cooking.nCombine the shrimp, scallops, chili oil, garlic, parsley, and seafood seasoning in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper and marinate for 20 minutes at room temperature.nDissolve cornstarch in 14 cup of water.nBring the red pepper concentrate to a boil, than whisk in the cornstarch slurry a little at a time until thickened. Turn off the heat and whisk in the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time. Season with salt and pepper.nRemove shrimp and scallops from marinade and discard marinade. Grill shrimp and scallops for a couple minutes on each side or until just cooked through. Serve immediately, garnished with sliced red peppers, scallions, and chive oil., ingredients: [16 raw peeled and deveined U8 shrimp with tails on, 16 large sea scallops, 12 cup hot chili oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 cup water, 2 cups red pepper concentrate, 1 stick salted butter, chilled, 2 red bell peppers, sliced, for garnish, 1 bunch scallions, sliced, for garnish, Chive oil, for garnish], title: Red Pepper Frutti di Mare, picturelink: null}}