{40200: {instructions: Melt the butter in a saucepot. Add the onions and garlic, and saute until the onions are translucent. Add the chili powder, smoked paprika, dry mustard, garlic powder, onion powder and cayenne. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes to toast the spices. Add the brown sugar and molasses stir until the sugar is dissolved.nAdd the ketchup, Dijon mustard, Worcestershire sauce and cider vinegar, and bring to a simmer. Cook the sauce for 30 to 45 minutes and then puree with an immersion blender. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 sticks 16 ounces unsalted butter, 1 yellow onion, diced, 14 cup chopped garlic, 14 cup dark chili powder, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 3 cups brown sugar, 3 cups molasses, 3 quarts ketchup, 1 cup Dijon mustard, 1 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup cider vinegar, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper], title: BBQ Sauce, picturelink: AiO5HIUGOm2hXt036yywuBjTAd.ex1m}, 40201: {instructions: Prick the potatoes all over with a fork and microwave until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Peel the potatoes, then transfer to a large bowl and mash with a fork until almost smooth. Mix in the cottage cheese, peas, curry powder, 2 tablespoons flour and 2 teaspoons salt. Let cool to room temperature. Heat about 2 inches vegetable oil in a heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F.nMeanwhile, whisk the eggs in a shallow bowl. Put 1 cup flour in another bowl and the panko in a third bowl. Form the potato mixture into about 24 golf ballsize portions, then gently flatten into 2inch patties. Dredge each patty in the flour, shake off any excess, dip in the eggs, then dredge in the panko, turning to coat. Fry the patties in batches until golden, turning as needed, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate using a slotted spoon. Serve with chutney. Photograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [2 medium russet potatoes, 1 cup 4 cottage cheese, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 2 teaspoons Madras curry powder, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 large eggs, 2 cups panko Japanese breadcrumbs, Mango or tomato chutney, for serving], title: Curried Potato Fritters, picturelink: JDu.xOfFFDyTry9KNWajQZ3Rqm.JFKS}, 40202: {instructions: Combine raspberries, sugar, liqueur and orange juice concentrate in a bowl and combine with rubber spatula. Transfer to medium saucepan.nPlace saucepan on the side burner of a propane grill, heat mixture on medium heat. Let simmer for 5 to 7 minutes to make compote.nCombine the orange extract and whipped topping and set aside.nOn a serving platter, place 1 shortbread cookie face up, top with a spoonful of raspberry compote, a dollop of whipped topping, and place a second cookie or other half of shortbread biscuit on top. Garnish with a dollop of whipped topping, several raspberries and orange zest., ingredients: [34 pound raspberries plus more for garnish, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon raspberry liqueur recommended: Chambord, 1 tablespoon orange juice concentrate, 1 teaspoon orange extract, 1 container whipped topping, 10 shortbread cookies recommended: Pepperidge Farm Chessmen or Walkers Shortbread, 1 orange, zested], title: Racin Raspberry Shortcake, picturelink: kHsPuZ6SAQz70WgYy5zYcrQrZgbd..}, 40203: {instructions: Rinse rice in water until the water runs clear and then drain in a colander for 1 hour. Place the drained rice in a rice cooker or in a pot with a tightfitting lid and add 4 cups water. Over medium heat, cover and bring the water to a boil. Boil for about 2 minutes, reduce heat and allow to simmer for another 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and cook for about 15 minutes, or until water has been absorbed. Remove from the heat, remove lid, and place a towel over pot. Replace lid and let stand for 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the rice cooks, combine vinegar, sugar and remaining 14 cup water in a saucepan. Heat over low temperatures, stirring, until sugar and salt dissolve. Let cool.nEmpty rice into a hangiri or other nonmetallic tub and spread it evenly over the bottom with a shamoji or large wooden spoon. Run the spatula through the rice in slicing motions to separate the grains. While doing this, slowly add vinegar mixture. Add only as much as is necessary the rice should not be mushy. If you have help, fan the rice with an uchiwa fan during the cooling and mixing procedures.nDo not refrigerate the rice. Keep it in the tub covered with a clean cloth until ready to use. The rice will last one day., ingredients: [3 13 cups short grain rice, 4 cups water, plus 14 cup water, 6 tablespoons rice vinegar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 3 teaspoons salt], title: Sushi Rice, picturelink: null}, 40204: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients in a blender and blend on high. Serve. If your blender is small or not highpowered, make the margaritas in 2 batches., ingredients: [1 frozen container limeade or margarita mix recommended: Bacardi brand, 1 tray ice cubes, 8 shots tequila, 4 cups cranberry juice], title: Cranberry Margaritas, picturelink: Iyd5ptZaa.vxkY3xvaQj8E2p7yJB8y}, 40205: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker or jar, combine 3 ounces bourbon and 2 teaspoons each lime juice and ginger syrup or simple syrup storebought or see recipe, below. Shake and pour into 2 mule or julep cups filled with crushed ice top with ginger beer. Garnish with lime.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Kentucky Mules, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 40206: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the gelatin in a small bowl, and pour the vodka and liqueur over it. Let sit until the gelatin is completely soft, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, transfer the cranberry sauce to a small saucepan. Rinse out the can, dry it and coat the inside with cooking spray. Heat the sauce over mediumlow heat once it starts to bubble, whisk it vigorously until its completely smooth with no lumps the sauce will darken and have a slight sheen. Remove the pan from the heat, add the softened gelatin and all the liquid, and stir until incorporated. Pour the mixture into the prepared can.nLet the cranberry sauce sit at room temperature until the can is just warm to the touch. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until completely set, at least 4 hours but preferably overnight.nTo serve, run a small knife around the lip of the can to release the cranberry sauce slightly, then turn the can carefully under running hot water dont get water in the can. Invert the can onto a cutting board, and firmly tap until the sauce unmolds in 1 piece. Lay the sauce on its side on a serving plate, and cut into 6 or 7 slices., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin, 13 cup vodka, 2 tablespoons orangeflavored liqueur, such as Cointreau, One 14ounce can jellied cranberry sauce, Cooking spray], title: Spiked Jellied Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: V8vPtanIZ0y2ZpF5FWqgq6T0KG4kJcy}, 40207: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nSift together the powdered sugar and almond meal, directly into a medium size mixing bowl. Reserve.nWhip egg whites to a foam, add cream of tartar. Continue to whip to soft peaks and stream in the granulated sugar. Add drops of color. Continue to beat for 30 seconds.nFold the meringue into the dry ingredients. Fill piping bag fitted with desired tip.nPipe 1inch rounds onto lightly greased sheet pans. Place in oven for 5 minutes turn and continue to bake for 7 minutes more.nRemove from oven and allow to cool. Fill with desired filling, such as raspberry jam., ingredients: [8 ounces confectioners sugar, 4 ounces almond meal, 12 cup egg whites, Pinch cream of tartar, 1 12 ounces granulated sugar, 5 drops red food color, or desired color], title: Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 40208: {instructions: Slice the lettuce into thick wedges. In a mediumsized bowl, add the mayonnaise, sour cream, buttermilk, salt and pepper, to taste, hot sauce, chives, garlic, and lemon juice. Whisk together, then slowly fold in the blue cheese crumbles. Arrange the lettuce on a serving platter and drizzle with the dressing. Garnish with tomatoes, avocado, and bacon. Serve., ingredients: [12 head iceberg lettuce, cored, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup buttermilk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dash hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 cup blue cheese crumbles, 14 cup halved cherry tomatoes, 12 avocado, diced, 2 slices bacon, cooked crisp and crumbled], title: Iceberg Wedge with Buttermilk Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: null}, 40209: {instructions: Preheat broiler and line broiling pan with a very lightly oiled sheet of foil. Trim and halve figs. Stir together yogurt, sour cream, zest and 1 12 tablespoons sugar until smooth. Spread remaining 1 12 tablespoons sugar on a small plate. Dip cut sides of figs in sugar, cut sides up, on broiling pan for best results, arrange figs so they will be directly under the flame. Broil 2 inches from flame until bubbling and caramelized, about 3 minutes.nServe figs with dip., ingredients: [1 cup lowfat yogurt, 1 tablespoon sour cream, Finely grated zest from 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 fresh figs 1 12 pounds], title: Caramelized Figs with LemonYogurt Dip, picturelink: null}, 40210: {instructions: Spray a 1 12quart bowl with nonstick cooking spray. Line the bowl with plastic wrap. Cut the pound cake crosswise into 13inchthick slices. Cut each slice diagonally in half, forming 2 triangles. Line the bottom and sides of the prepared bowl with the cake triangles. Brush some of the brandy over the cake triangles lining the bowl. Reserve the extra triangles.nStir the chocolate in a large metal bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water until the chocolate melts. Allow the chocolate to cool slightly. Using an electric mixer, beat 1 cup of cream in another large bowl until it is thick and fluffy. Fold 14 of the whipped cream into the chocolate. Fold half of the remaining whipped cream into the chocolate mixture. Fold in the remaining whipped cream. Spread the chocolate cream over the cake, covering completely and creating a well in the center. Cover and refrigerate if not assembling cake right away.nIn another clean large bowl, add the remaining 1 cup of cream and almond extract. Using an electric mixer with clean beaters, beat on medium speed and gradually add the powdered sugar. Beat until firm peaks form. Fold in the nuts. Spoon the cream mixture into the center of the well of the filling.nBrush the remaining cake slices with brandy and arrange them, brandy side down, over the cake, covering the filling completely and trimming to fit, if necessary. Cover the cake with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 3 hours and up to 1 day.nInvert the cake onto a platter. Remove the bowl and the plastic wrap. Sift the cocoa powder over and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 12ounce loaf pound cake, 14 cup brandy, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 cups chilled whipping cream, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 14 cup powdered sugar, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, coarsely crumbled, Unsweetened cocoa powder], title: Zuccotto, picturelink: null}, 40211: {instructions: Cook tomatoes and garlic in butter in a 4quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until most of liquid is evaporated, about 5 minutes. Stir together wine and cornstarch in a small bowl, then stir into tomatoes and simmer gently, stirring, 1 minute. Discard garlic. Add Cheddar by handfuls, stirring until completely melted. Serve in a fondue pot set over a flame., ingredients: [23 cup finely chopped drained canned tomatoes, 2 garlic cloves, lightly crushed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons dry white wine, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 ounces Cheddar, coarsely grated 3 cups, Accompaniment: cubes of French bread.], title: Cheddar Tomato Fondue, picturelink: null}, 40212: {instructions: Cut a piece of foil or parchment longer than the circumference of a 6cup1.5liter mold. Double it for stiffness. Wrap around the outside rim so that it rises at least an inch above the top of the dish, and tape to secure.nPuree the berries with 14 cup55 g sugar, the lemon juice and salt. Strain and reserve.nPut the yolks in a nonreactive bowl with 14 cup55 g sugar and 12 cup125 g of the berry puree. Reserve the remaining puree for another use. Set the bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water, making sure the bowl does not touch the water below, and whisk until the sugar dissolves and it is warm in the center. Remove the bowl from the saucepan and set aside.nPut 14 cup60 ml water into a ramekin, sprinkle the gelatin on top and let soften 5 minutes. Set the ramekin in the hot water in the saucepan make sure the water does not come up over the edge of the ramekin and let it melt, about 2 minutes. It should be translucent. Whisk this into the berry mixture, and let cool until it thickens slightly. Dont let it set too far.nBeat the whites with the cream of tartar until foamy. Gradually incorporate the remaining 14 cup55 g sugar, and beat to thick, shiny peaks like whipped cream. Whip the cream in a separate bowl. Stir a spoonful of the whites into the berry mixture to lighten it. Scrape the remaining whites and cream on top and fold together.nSpoon into the prepared mold, cover and refrigerate until firm, about 4 hours.nTo serve, remove the collar and spoon into dishes. This is best eaten on the day it is made or the next day. After that, the gelatin starts to break down., ingredients: [1 pound450 g fresh ripe strawberries, hulled, 34 cup165 g sugar, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Pinch salt, 3 large eggs, separated, 1 34 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, Pinch cream of tartar, 12 cup125 ml heavy cream], title: Chilled Strawberry Mousse, picturelink: null}, 40213: {instructions: Cut the pork loin into medallions and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Saute in a saucepan with vodka. Then, put the medallions on a platter in the oven with cheese on top to broil. Afterwards, place the caviar over the melted cheese, add the sauteed vegetables and potatoes to garnish the plate. Immediately before serving, add the fresh cream to the sauce., ingredients: [About 8 ounces black pork medallions, Salt and pepper, About 2 cups vodka, About 4 ounces Portuguese Ilha cheese, About 18ounce black caviar soft roes, About 18ounce red caviar soft roes, About 3 ounces potatoes, cooked, About 34ounce green beans, cooked, About 34ounce carrots, cooked, About 34 ounces celery, cooked, About 34ounce turnips, cooked, About 14 cup fresh cream], title: Exotic Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 40214: {instructions: Dice the chicken into small cubes, about the size of your pinky nail. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat a medium saute pan over medium heat and coat the bottom with a little oil. Add the chicken and saute until cooked through. Put the cream cheese, blue cheese and buffalo sauce in a food processor and process until combined. Add the chicken and pulse to combine but still coarsely chopped.nLay out an even number of wonton wrappers 10 should be enough. Spoon 1 teaspoon of the cheese mixture in the center of a wrapper and brush the edges with water. Cover with another wrapper and crimp the edges so they are tightly sealed. Repeat with remaining wrappers and filling.nPour enough oil, about 1 12 inches, into a heavybottomed pot. Once the oil is hot add the wrappers, in batches if necessary, and fry until the outside is light and crispy. Remove to paper towels to drain. Arrange the bites on a serving platter and drizzle with balsamic vinegar. Serve with ranch dressing and enjoy., ingredients: [1 pound boneless chicken, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for coating pan, plus more for frying, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 package blue cheese, 1 cup buffalo sauce, 1 package wonton wrappers, Water, 12 cup sweetened balsamic vinegar, Ranch dressing, for serving], title: Blazing Buffalo Bites, picturelink: ZSq26cgzxonaC.V32dl8T3.95I4Tuh6}, 40215: {instructions: Line the bottoms of 2 14 cup ramekins with rounds of wax paper, butter the wax paper, and dust the ramekins with walnuts, shaking out the excess. In a small heavy saucepan melt the 12 stick butter over moderately low heat, stir in the flour, and cook the roux, stirring, for 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, add the milk, scalded, in a stream, whisking until the mixture is thick and smooth, and simmer the mixture, whisking, for 3 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a bowl, let it cool for 5 minutes, and whisk in the cheddar, the salt, the mustard, the yolks, and the chives, whisking until the mixture is smooth.nIn a bowl with an electric mixer beat the whites with a pinch of salt until they just hold stiff peaks, stir one fourth of them into the cheddar mixture, and fold in the remaining whites gently but thoroughly. Spoon the mixture into the ramekins and bake the souffles in the middle of a preheated 400 degrees F. oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until they are puffed and golden. Let the souffles cool they will fall. Run a sharp small knife around the edge of each ramekin, invert the souffles into the palm of the hand, and remove the rounds of wax paper. These souffles may be prepared 1 day in advance., ingredients: [12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter plus butter for coating the ramekins and wax paper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups milk, 1 cup finely grated sharp cheddar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon coarsegrained mustard, 3 large eggs, separated, the whites at room temperature, Ground walnuts for dusting ramekins], title: Miniature Cheddar Souffles, picturelink: null}, 40216: {instructions: Place the bread into a large mixing bowl and toss with a few tablespoons of duck fat. Place into a 400degree oven on a cookie sheet and cook until browned, remove and place back into the mixing bowl.nIn a large saute pan, saute the chanterelles in the butter until golden brown, season with salt and pepper and add to the bread.nPlace the vegetables into the same pan and cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes, season with salt and pepper and add to the bread mixture.nRoughly chop the chestnuts and add to the mixture.nChop the gesiers and add to the mixture with a few tablespoons of duck fat.nAdd the Italian parsley.nMix everything together very well and taste for seasoning, add salt and pepper as necessary.nBeat the egg well and add to the mixture, mix together very well.nPlace into a casserole dish and bake in a 350 degree oven for 25 minutes until golden brown on the top.nGesier:n2 pound gizzards duck, chicken or turkeyn3 cups rendered duck fatn3 sprigs of thymen4 cloves garlic, lightly crushednHeavily salt the gizzards, combine with the thyme and garlic and allow to sit overnight, or for at least a few hours. Place the melted fat and the gizzards into a hotel pan or deep casserole dish and place into a preheated oven at 225 degrees.nCook for 2 to 3 hours or until completely tender, remove from the fat and refrigerate., ingredients: [3 quarts Batard bread, crust removed, cut into 1.5 inch cubes, 4 eggs, 2 cups celery , cut into 34 inch squares, 2 cups onion, cut into 34 inch squares, 2 cups leeks, cut into 34 inch squares, 4 lbs chanterelles, cleaned and sliced, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 pounds chestnuts, roasted and peeled, 12 cup chopped parsley], title: Gesier, Chestnut and Chanterelles Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 40217: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the water, sugar, ginger and peppercorns. Heat until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and strain into a small bowl or pitcher. Combine mango and papaya in a serving bowl, pour over the syrup and serve., ingredients: [12 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled, 4 peppercorns, smashed, 2 cups diced mango, 2 cups diced papaya], title: Simple Asian Fruit Salad, picturelink: DRjjRGLma0lOJEtKASQPSbc21vuBH7W}, 40218: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt. In a separate bowl, combine the eggs, milk, vinegar, beer, and sour cream. Using a rubber spatula, fold the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until they are well blended.nHeat a greased griddle or large saute pan. Place a desired amount of the batter on the griddle. After the batter has been placed, put the desired amount of mango and blueberries into the pancake batter. When bubbles begin to appear on the surface, flip the pancake over and finish cooking until lightly golden in color. Repeat with each pancake.nServe a stack of pancakes with butter and maple syrup., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup baking powder, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 6 eggs, 4 cups plus 1 tablespoon milk, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 3 ounces ale Key West Sunshine Ale is recommended, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 34 cup ripe mango, peeled, pit removed, diced, 34 cup fresh blueberries, Butter, Maple syrup], title: Richards Very Good Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 40219: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk the eggs and milk until frothy. Add the fresh herbs.nPreheat the broiler.nIn a medium skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat and add the truffle butter, garlic and onions. Saute until the onions are golden in color. Then add the egg mixture and some salt and pepper. Let sit for a few minutes, and then add the cheeses and place in the oven. Broil the frittata until golden brown on top and cooked through. Garnish with the diced tomatoes placed in a heart shape on top of the frittata. Serve warm., ingredients: [6 eggs, 14 cup milk, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon truffle butter, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 onion, chopped finely, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons crumbled feta cheese, 2 tablespoons goat cheese, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, Diced tomato, for garnish], title: Frittata with Love, picturelink: HyEydaw.5YJruzEoalnM4nlAf0NXTi}, 40220: {instructions: Heat a grill to mediumlow heat. The heat coming from a dying charcoal grill or a gas grill cooling down will also work well.nHalve each graham cracker sheet crosswise into 2 squares. Working with 1 or 2 smores at a time, place a square of graham cracker on a piece of foil and top with a portion of chocolate and a pinch of kosher salt. Place on the edge of the grill just until the chocolate is warmed and softened, about 30 seconds.nTake the graham cracker squares and chocolate to your grill as the marshmallows toast they will become soft and start to droop off the skewer. Working with a few at a time, skewer a marshmallow on a long fork or metal skewer and hold over the heat about 2 inches above the grates. Toast, turning occasionally, until the marshmallow puffs and turns golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes.nUsing the square of graham with the chocolate and a plain graham square, place the marshallow on the chocolate and, using the plain graham, squish the marshmallow down and pull off the skewer. Eat while it is warm and gooey and perfect., ingredients: [8 sheets honey graham crackers, One 4.4ounce bar milk chocolate, such as Hersheys, broken into 8 pieces, Pinch kosher salt, 8 large marshmallows], title: Classic Smores, picturelink: VRYTZFv5.Wpjn6dUkGwfU1wGy7YTKC}, 40221: {instructions: Roast poblano chiles over open flame. Cool in a paper bag, remove skin and seeds.nFor the nogada, in a blender add the nuts, the almonds, and the fresh cheese. Control the thickness of the mix by adding milk and sherry, and season with sugar as needed. Set aside.nIn a saute pan, add the lard, onion, and garlic, then add meats and saute. Season with a little salt and pepper.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the biznaga with the clove, cinnamon, black pepper, and pour into the mix seasoning with sugar and salt.nBlend all fruits, olives, capers, almonds, and dry sherry. When the mix is cool, stuff the chiles with it. In a mixing bowl, whisk the egg whites until foamy, then add blended yolks.nIn a frying pan, heat oil. Cover stuffed chiles with a thin coat of flour and then into the egg batter. Fry the chiles until golden brown. Turn chiles as they cook to make a nice round shape.nPut the fried chile on a decorative platter, cover the whole chile with the nogada, and sprinkle pomegranate seeds on the top, and garnish with two sprigs of fresh parsley., ingredients: [2 poblano chiles, 12 cup walnut halves, 3 teaspoons fresh peeled almonds, 3 teaspoons fresh Mexican cheese, 1 tablespoon milk, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 teaspoon dry sherry, Sugar, to season, 2 teaspoons lard, 14 cup chopped onion, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 14 cup coarsely ground pork loin, 14 cup coarsely ground beef, 3 teaspoons peeled and chopped biznaga crystallized jicama, 1 whole clove, Pinch cinnamon, Pinch salt and black pepper, Pinch sugar, 1 tablespoon peeled and chopped apple, plus 1 teaspoon, 3 teaspoons peeled and chopped pear, 3 teaspoons peeled and chopped peach, 3 teaspoons chopped banana, 3 teaspoons dried peach, 3 teaspoons chopped raisins, 3 teaspoons dry sherry, 2 12 teaspoons capers, 2 12 teaspoons green olives, 2 12 teaspoons chopped almonds, 2 eggs, separated, 2 12 tablespoons flour, 13 cup pomegranate seeds, 2 sprigs fresh parsley], title: Chiles in Sauce: Chiles en Nogada, picturelink: null}, 40222: {instructions: Whisk together oil, vinegar, and garlic in a salad bowl. Toss with onion and cucumber, and gently fold in tomato. Season with salt and pepper, and serve at room temperature family style., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, preferably extravirgin, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, crushed lightly with the side of a knife blade and minced, 1 white onion, cut julienne, 1 large cucumber, peeled, seeds removed and thinly sliced, 1 12 pounds ripe tomatoes, cut into wedges, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tupelo Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 40223: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough, combine the water, yeast, honey, and olive oil in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook. Add 3 cups flour, then the salt, and mix. While mixing, add 1 more cup of flour, or enough to make a soft dough. Knead the dough on low to medium speed for about 10 minutes until smooth, sprinkling it with flour, if necessary, to keep it from sticking to the bowl.nWhen the dough is ready, turn it out onto a floured board and knead by hand a dozen times. It should be smooth and elastic. Place the dough in a welloiled bowl and turn it several times to cover it lightly with oil. Cover the bowl with a kitchen towel. Allow the dough to rest at room temperature for 30 minutes.nDivide the dough into 6 equal parts and roll each one into a smooth ball. Place the balls on a baking sheet and cover them with a damp towel. Allow the dough to rest for 10 minutes. Use immediately, or refrigerate for up to 4 hours.nIf youve chilled the dough, take it out of the refrigerator approximately 30 minutes ahead to let it come to room temperature. Roll and stretch each ball into a rough 8inch circle and place them all on baking sheets sprinkled with cornmeal. You will be able to fit 2 pizzas on each 18 by 13inch baking sheet.nLight your grill and wait until its hot.nPlace the pizzas directly onto the grill and cook on 1 side for 1 minute. Turn the pizzas over and brush with olive oil or garlic oil.nTop the pizzas with any toppings you wish, piling them high. Drizzle each pizza with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Put the lid on your grill and cook for 5 minutes more, until the crust is crisp and the toppings are cooked., ingredients: [1 14 cups warm 100 to 110 degrees F water, 2 packages dry yeast, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for kneading, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, grated, 12 pound Italian Fontina, grated, 12 pound mild goat cheese, such as Montrachet, sliced, 1 red or yellow bell pepper, cored, seeded, and julienned, 14 pound prosciutto, thinly sliced and julienned, 1 bunch arugula, cleaned and dried, 6 plum tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, 4 pork or turkey sausages, cooked and sliced, 1 bunch basil leaves, cleaned and dried, 4 garlic cloves, roasted, Crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup good olive oil, Cornmeal], title: Grilled California Pizzas, picturelink: dom5MHLCWqziZxNVX7ETCiWiy0cko8S}, 40224: {instructions: Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking it up into bitesized pieces, until it is browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer the sausage with a slotted spoon to a large bowl.nMelt 5 tablespoons of the remaining butter in the skillet. Add the onions, celery, sage, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and several grinds of pepper, and cook, stirring frequently, until the onions and celery are soft and lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Add the mixture to the bowl with the sausage add the bread cubes, and toss to coat.nLet the breadsausage mixture cool to room temperature. Transfer it to a resealable plastic bag, label and date, and freeze for up to 2 weeks.nTo serve, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish. Heat the stock and 4 tablespoons of the remaining butter in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat until the butter melts. Whisk the eggs and parsley together in a large bowl. Break the frozen stuffing with your hands into smaller chunks, add to the bowl and toss. Add the stockbutter mixture, and toss to combine. Transfer to the prepared baking dish, and dot with the 2 remaining tablespoons butter. Cover tightly with foil, and bake until the stuffing is hot, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Uncover and continue to bake until golden brown on top, about 20 minutes more. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 medium onion, cut into 12inch pieces, 4 celery stalks, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon dried sage, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One stale 1 12pound loaf bread, sliced, cut into 12inch cubes about 12 cups, 2 cups homemade turkey stock or lowsodium chicken broth, 2 large eggs, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped], title: MakeAhead Sausage Stuffing, picturelink: V8vPtanIZ0y2ZpF5FWqgq6T0KG4kJcy}, 40225: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Lightly oil the broiler pan. Toss the carrots with 1 tablespoon olive oil in a bowl, then spread out on one side of the pan. Broil until the carrots begin to soften, 2 to 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil, the honey, mustard and 1 tablespoon lime juice in a small bowl. Brush the tops and sides of the salmon with the glaze. Put the salmon, skinside down, on the other side of the broiler pan next to the carrots and season with salt and pepper. Broil until the salmon is golden brown and just cooked through and the carrots are crisptender, 5 to 7 minutes.nWhisk the remaining 1 tablespoon each olive oil and lime juice, the coriander, cumin, cinnamon, mint and almonds in a bowl. Add the carrots and toss to combine season with salt and pepper. Serve the salmon with the carrots and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the pan, 1 pound carrots, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons honey or agave nectar, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, plus lime wedges for serving, 4 6ounce centercut salmon fillets about 1 12 inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, Pinch of ground cinnamon, 13 cup roughly chopped fresh mint, 14 cup sliced almonds], title: Glazed Salmon With Spiced Carrots, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 40226: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a large casserole dish, and set aside. Place cornbread and challah in a large bowl with apricots, cranberries, cherries, figs, sage, marjoram, salt, and pepper, and toss well. Pour chicken stock and melted butter over mixture, and stir to combine. Place mixture in prepared casserole. Bake uncovered until golden brown on top and heated through, 45 minutes. If stuffing becomes too brown while baking, tent with aluminum foil.nHeat oven to 425 degrees F with rack in center. Butter an 8inchsquare baking pan, and set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cornmeal, sugar, salt, and baking powder. In a small bowl, whisk together milk and eggs until frothy. Pour the milkandegg mixture into the dry ingredients. Mix until the ingredients are just incorporated. Do not overmix the batter should be lumpy. Pour the batter into prepared pan. Cook until top is golden brown and a cake tester inserted in the center comes out dry, 20 to 25 minutes.nYield: 1 8inch square loafnProof the yeast: Place 12 cup warm water in a small bowl, and sprinkle yeast over it. Stir to combine, and let sit until mixture becomes foamy, about 10 minutes. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine egg yolks with remaining 12 cup warm water. In a medium bowl, combine salt, canola oil, honey, pumpkin, cinnamon, ginger, and allspice. Replace paddle attachment with doughhook attachment, and add the pumpkin mixture to the mixer bowl combine. Add the yeast mixture, stirring until combined. Slowly add flour, 1 cup at a time, until all the flour is incorporated into dough. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface, and knead the dough by hand for 10 minutes. Place dough in a lightly oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface, punch down the dough, and then form it into 2 8inch loaves. Place the loaves on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper, cover with a kitchen towel, and let rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour. While the dough is rising, heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix remaining egg yolk with 1 tablespoon water. Brush the loaves with the egg glaze, and bake until golden brown, about 50 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack, and serve.nYield: 2 loavesnHeat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut pumpkin into quarters, scrape out the seeds and discard. Rub flesh with vegetable oil, and place on a baking sheet, flesh side up. Bake until soft, about 1 hour. When cool enough to handle remove peel, and put through a food mill fitted with a medium disknYield: 5 14 cupsnPlace peppercorns, dill, parsley, bay leaves, leeks, carrots, celery, chicken, wings, and backs into a large stockpot. Add stock and 6 cups cold water. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a very gentle simmer, and cook for 45 minutes. Liquid should just bubble up to the surface. A skin will form on the surface of the liquid skim this off with a slotted spoon, and discard. Repeat as needed. After 45 minutes, remove chicken from the pot, and set aside until it is cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones, set the meat aside, and return the bones to the pot. Shred the chicken, and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use. Continue to simmer the stock, on the lowest heat possible, for 3 hours, skimming as needed. The chicken bones will begin to disintegrate. Strain the stock through a fine sieve into a very large bowl. Discard the solids. Place the bowl in an ice bath, and let cool to room temperature. Transfer to airtight containers. Stock may be refrigerated for 3 days or frozen for 4 months. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight. If storing, leave fat layer intact to seal the stock. Before using, remove the layer of fat that has collected on the surface.nYield: 5 quarts, ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks butter, melted, plus more for casserole, Cornbread, day old, cut into 1inch cubes, recipe follows, 1 loaf Pumpkin Challah, day old, cut into 1inch cubes, recipe follows, 12 cup dried apricots, diced, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup dried cherries, 12 cup dried figs, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram, 1 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups Homemade Chicken Stock, or lowsodium canned chicken broth, skimmed of fat, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup milk, 2 large eggs, 1 cup warm water 100 degrees to 110 degrees, 2 12 teaspoons active dry yeast 1 12 packages, 34 cup egg yolks 11 to 12 large eggs, plus 1 large egg yolk for glaze, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for bowl, 14 cup honey, 2 cups homemade Pumpkin Puree, recipe follows or 1 15ounce can, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon allspice, 8 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 5pound sugar pumpkin, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 6 sprigs fresh dill or 2 teaspoons dried dill, 6 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 leeks, washed, white and palegreen parts only, cut into 13, 2 carrots, scrubbed, cut into 13, 2 stalks celery, cut into 13, 1 4 pound chicken, cut into 6 pieces, 1 12 pounds chicken wings, 1 12 pounds chicken backs, 2 48ounce cans lowsodium chicken broth, about 12 cups, 6 cups cold water], title: Cornbread and Pumpkin Challah Stuffing with Dried Fruit, picturelink: null}, 40227: {instructions: Combine the cream, butter, sugar and vanilla extract in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Let the butter melt, then slowly simmer the cream until it reduces slightly, about 10 minutes. Be careful that the mixture doesnu00bft boil over if it does, reduce or remove from the heat.nBreak the bread up into 1inch pieces. Dayold bread is best but any bread will work. Place the bread in a large mixing bowl and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees and grease an 8inchby8inch cake pan.nAdd the reduced heavy cream mixture to the bread pieces and mix until combined. Transfer to the prepared cake pan and sprinkle the kosher salt over the top. You want just a light sprinkle to give it that salty and sweet taste. Bake until firm in the middle, like brownies, about 20 minutes. Serve with whipped cream or ice cream., ingredients: [1 quart heavy cream, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the cake pan, 1 pound brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 loaf white bread, preferably dayold, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Whipped cream or ice cream, for serving], title: Salted Caramel Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 40228: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the lemon curd: Whisk together the egg yolks, lemon zest, lemon juice, sugar and salt in a medium saucepan. Set the saucepan over mediumlow heat and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or spatula and making sure to scrape the sides and bottom of the pan, until the mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the butter, one piece at a time, stirring until smooth. Transfer the curd to a heatproof bowl and cover the surface with plastic wrap to avoid a skin from forming. Refrigerate until chilled and firm, about 30 minutes.nFor the cupcakes: Set racks on the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line two muffin pans with cupcake liners. In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the cake mix, lemon zest and juice, and 1 cup water. Beat on low speed for 30 seconds to incorporate, then raise the speed to medium and beat until the mixture is light and fluffy, about 1 minute. With a scoop or spoon, fill the liners threequarters full with batter. Bake for 15 minutes, or until the cupcakes are golden brown and the top feels dry. Let the cupcakes cool completely before filling and frosting, about 30 minutes.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the heavy cream, powdered sugar and vanilla. Whip until thick, about 2 minutes. Add the mascarpone and beat until stiff peaks form.nTo assemble: Use a small spoon to make a shallow indentation in the center of each cupcake. Fill each indentation with 1 teaspoon of the lemon curd. Use a spatula or piping bag to swirl a generous dollop of frosting over the top of each cupcake. Decorate with sprinkles or sanding sugar., ingredients: [3 egg yolks, at room temperature, Zest of 2 lemons, 14 cup fresh lemon juice about 2 large lemons, 13 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, at room temperature, One 1pound box angel food cake mix, Zest of 2 lemons, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, chilled, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, Yellow sprinkles or yellow sanding sugar, for decorating], title: Lemon Angel Food Cupcakes with Lemon Curd and Mascarpone Frosting, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 40229: {instructions: Bring water to a boil, salt it and cook pasta to al dente.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the orange marmalade, garlic, oregano, mustard and vinegar. Stream the olive oil into dressing while whisking and season dressing with salt and pepper. Pull off 8 of the outer leaves of radicchio. Form serving cups for the pasta salad out of the leaves using 2 leaves to form each bowl. Chop remaining radicchio. Toss radicchio and pasta and onions with the dressing to combine. Serve pasta in lettuce bowls., ingredients: [Salt, 12 pound orecchiette, cooked to al dente, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade, 1 small clove garlic, grated or very finely chopped, 1 teaspoon finely chopped oregano leaves, from 2 sprigs, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 small red onion, chopped, 1 head radicchio], title: RadicchioPasta Salad, picturelink: 8PL9UXsSBb695HYLH7yNvMDh4iVgP6W}, 40230: {instructions: For the Fried Green Tomatoes: Soak tomatoes in milk. Mix cornmeal and flour. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat add butter. Dredge tomatoes in a cornmeal until completely covered. Carefully place tomatoes in a saute pan and fry for 2 minutes on each side. Drain on a paper towel season with fresh cracked pepper.nFor the Sweet Corn Spoonbread: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bring to a boil onecup of milk add corn and cornmeal, stirring constantly, and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the fire and beat in butter, sugar, salt, and the remaining milk. The cold milk should cool the mixture. Beat egg yolks. In a separate bowl, beat whites until stiff, then fold the stiffly beaten whites into egg yolks. Add to cooled milk mixture. Pour the mixture into a buttered dish and bake for 30 minutes.nFor the Smothered Shrimp: In a medium saute pan over high heat add butter and saute the shrimp. When the shrimp are slightly pink, add the onions and garlic and saute until translucent. Dust with flour and stir well incorporated to a paste. Add chicken stock 1 cup at a time working, with a wooden spoon. When gravy is formed, season with salt and pepper, and finish with chopped parsley.nFor the Poached Eggs: Bring water to a boil add vinegar and salt. Crack 2 eggs and poach for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove with slotted spoon.nTo Assemble: In a soup bowl, scoop a small amount of spoonbread into the center. Top with poached eggs and garnish with shrimp and chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 green tomatoes, cut into 12 inch slices, 1 cup milk, 1 cup cornmeal, 12 cup flour, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups fresh milk, 3 ears corn, cut off the cob, cut very fine, 13 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoons salt, 2 eggs, beaten separated, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 sweet Vidalia onion, minced, 1 teaspoon garlic, minced, 14 cup flour, 3 cups chicken stock, 14 chopped parsley, 2 quarts boiling water, 1 tablespoons white vinegar, Pinch salt, 2 eggs], title: Sweet Corn Spoonbread with Smothered Shrimp, Poached Eggs, and Fried Green Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 40231: {instructions: Place the limes in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave until the essential oils in the skin are released. These limes will be hot coming from the microwave, so set aside and let them cool before squeezing them.nUsing a blender or a food processor, blend all the dry ingredients allspice, nutmeg, cinnamon, thyme, onions, scallions, peppers while wearing gloves together to make a pulp. Return to the limes and squeeze the juice into the blender through the feeder tube. Make sure you use the lime oils which were released by microwaving, as well as the juice youve squeezed. Then add the soy sauce through the feeder tube. Mix well.nPlace the chicken pieces and lime skins in a container which you will be able to cover tightly. Pour the marinade over the chicken and rest in the refrigerator overnight or a minimum of 4 hours. Keep tightly covered and away from other foods, as it will taint them.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nRoast the chicken in a covered pan for 2 hours. Raise the temperature to 400 degrees F, uncover the chicken, and roast for another 30 minutes. The important thing is that you check for doneness. When the chicken is done, the flesh will feel firm and the juices will run clear. You can also use an instantread thermometer which should register an internal temperature of at least 180 degrees F.nTo make the tomato salad, mix tomatoes, garlic, olive oil, vinegar, red onion, basil in a mixing bowl. Toss gently and season with salt and pepper. Serve at room temperature family style., ingredients: [4 limes, 4 teaspoons ground allspice, 3 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 18 cup fresh thyme leaves, 2 white onions finely chopped, 1 cup chopped scallions, 2 Scotch bonnet chiles, 2 cups low sodium soy sauce, 8 pounds cut up chicken, 8 drumsticks and 8 thighs, 1 12 pounds juicy tomatoes, cut into wedges, 1 tablespoon crushed garlic, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 red onion, cut julienne, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Jerk Chicken and Tomato Salad, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 40232: {instructions: For baking: 1 egg, beaten For dough, in a large mixing bowl, mix dry ingredients. Add 14 pound soft butter and work finely into flour. Cut cold butter into 12 pieces and add to bowl. Work in until butter is left peasized. Drizzle water over mixture and toss in. If dough is dry, add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, as needed. Dough should be loose in bowl, not in a ball. Turn out onto work surface and pull together. Divide into 2 equal portions, flatten each slightly, and wrap in plastic. Chill at least 1 hour before rolling. Refrigerate up to 3 days, freeze up to 6 months. For the fig filling, in a large saucepan, combine all but 13 of the grated zest and butter, and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring frequently to dissolve the sugar. Reduce heat and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes until fruit is soft and liquid thickened. Transfer to a food processor and puree until smooth. Add butter and puree to blend. Add remaining zest and pulse in. Transfer to a bowl and allow to cool. To assemble and bake, preheat oven to 375 degrees. Line a 11 by 17inch baking sheet up to 12 x18 with parchment paper. Remove one of the wrapped pieces of dough from the refrigerator and unwrap. Roll dough on a floured surface into a rectangle to fit the bottom and sides of the baking sheet. Line the sheet with the dough. Place the baking sheet in the freezer while the second piece of dough is rolled out in the same way. Remove baking sheet from freezer and spread fig filling evenly over the surface of the dough. Top with the second sheet of dough and pinch the edges to seal. Trim the excess dough. Brush surface of dough with beaten egg. Prick through the top layer of dough with a fork evenly over the surface about 1 12 apart. Place baking sheet on bottom rack of oven. Bake 25 to35 minutes, until dough is a lightmedium golden brown. Remove from oven and cool on a wire rack. Cut into portions squares are traditional., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 pound unsalted butter, slightly softened, plus 1 pound cold, unsalted butter, 34 cup cold water, 2 pounds soft, dried figs, stems removed, 12 pound dark raisins, 12pound pitted prunes, 12pound sugar 1 cup, 12cup light corn syrup, 3 lemons, zested, 2 cups water, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, soft], title: Fig Squares, picturelink: null}, 40233: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring 2 tablespoons of the apple juice just to a simmer and remove from the heat. Add the currants, stir, and let them sit for 10 minutes to swell. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nIn a bowl, stir together the apricot jam, almonds, and brown sugar. Add the currants with their juice and mix together well. Use this mixture to stuff the apples. Place them in a small roasting pan and place a dab of butter on the top of each. Pour the remaining 1 cup of apple juice into the pan and bake for 50 to 60 minutes, or until tender but not split or mushy. Serve hot, with a dollop of crema, if desired.nWhisk the cream and the buttermilk together in a bowl. Cover and set in a warm place a gas oven with just the heat from the pilot light is fine for 8 hours. Crema may be kept in the refrigerator for as long as a week., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons unfiltered apple juice, 2 tablespoons currants, 2 tablespoons apricot jam, 2 tablespoons toasted chopped almonds, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 medium apples, cored 23 of the way down and the top 13 peeled, Crema, for serving optional, recipe follows, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup buttermilk], title: Baked Apples, picturelink: null}, 40234: {instructions: In a glass filled with ice, add the smoothie and simple syrup. Top with club soda and stir., ingredients: [1 cup blueberry smoothie recommended: Naked Juice, 2 tablespoons simple syrup, Club soda, 1 cup strawberry smoothie recommended: Naked Juice, 2 tablespoons simple syrup, Club soda, 1 cup mango smoothie recommended: Naked Juice, 2 tablespoons simple syrup, Club soda], title: Soda Science Buffet, picturelink: 5L.wuzRREstnvN4raIBdhbT2R9033Ze}, 40235: {instructions: Put the turkey legs and wings in a large bowl and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons salt and 1 tablespoon pepper. Add the minced garlic and shallot and chopped thyme, rosemary and bay leaves and rub all over until evenly coated. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nScrape off as much of the seasoning mixture as possible from the turkey legs and wings and discard. Blot dry with paper towels. Melt the duck fat in a large wide pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Nestle the turkey legs and wings skinside up in the pot so that theyre submerged in the fat. Bring to a very gentle simmer, cover and cook until the leg meat is extremely tender, but not falling apart, about 2 hours. Turn off the heat and set aside. The recipe can be prepared to this point up to 2 days in advance. Keep the turkey submerged in the fat and refrigerate it.nMeanwhile, prepare and roast the turkey breast. Position an oven rack in the lower third of the oven, remove the top rack, and preheat to 425 degrees F. Sprinkle the breast generously inside and out with salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity with the halved garlic and shallots, the remaining thyme, rosemary and bay leaves and the orange. Prop the breast up by placing two balls of aluminum foil under the space where the wings would attach, so that it doesnt topple over. Brush the skin with some of the rendered duck fat, and roast until just starting to brown, about 30 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue cooking until golden brown and an instantread thermometer inserted in the deepest part of the breast registers 160 degrees F, about 30 minutes more. Remove the turkey from the oven and set aside to rest.nWhile the turkey rests, finish the legs and wings. Carefully remove the legs and wings from the fat and blot dry with paper towels. Put 14 cup of the fat in each of 2 large nonstick skillets. Heat over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Add the legs and wings skinside down and cook until deeply browned and crisp, about 5 minutes. Flip and continue cooking until browned on the second side and heated through, about 3 minutes more.nTransfer the legs and wings to a serving platter. Carve the breast meat and transfer to the platter with the legs and wings. Serve with the Pear Chutney on the side.nCombine the pears, shallot, sugar, raisins, 12 cup vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining tablespoon vinegar. Serve warm or chilled. Store in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [One 12 to 14pound turkey, leg quarters and wings removed, breast kept whole, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cloves garlic, minced, plus 2 heads, halved, 1 large shallot, minced, plus 2 shallots, halved, 16 sprigs thyme, leaves stripped from half and roughly chopped, 12 sprigs rosemary, leaves stripped from half and roughly chopped, 8 bay leaves, half roughly chopped, 4 cups rendered duck or chicken fat, or extravirgin olive oil, 1 orange, halved, Pear Chutney, recipe follows, 1 34 pounds fresh pears, peeled, cored and chopped, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Leg and Wing Confit with Roasted Breast, picturelink: null}, 40236: {instructions: Make pastry dough: In workbowl of a food processor combine flour, sugar and salt. Add butter and shortening and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. With motor running, pour in egg mixture and process just until dough begins to come together. Turn out dough onto plastic wrap and shape into a disk. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface and fit it into a 9inch ceramic or glass baking dish 1 12 inches deep. Prick dough with a fork, line with waxed paper and weight with beans. Blind bake pastry shell for 10 minutes. Carefully remove beans and waxed paper and continue to bake 5 minutes more.nIn a blender combine batter ingredients and blend until smooth. In a saute pan melt butter, add peaches and sugar and cook for 5 minutes until peaches are tender. To assemble, pour some batter into cooled shell, top with peaches, distributing them evenly, then pour remaining batter over. Bake at 350 degrees F for 1 hour, until center is just firm. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 cups flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into bits, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, cut into bits, 1 egg, beaten with 2 tablespoons ice water, 4 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup half and half, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 tablespoons flour, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 large peaches, peeled, pitted and sliced, 3 tablespoons sugar], title: Peach Clafoutis, picturelink: null}, 40237: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F and heat oil in a large pan, Dutch oven or deepfryer.nPeel the eggplant and slice into 14inch thick slices. Coat each side of the eggplant with the flour.nIn a separate bowl beat 4 eggs and dip the eggplant into the egg to coat both sides. Then take your bread crumbs and do the same to coat each side.nOnce the oil is hot, put the eggplant in the hot oil and fry until golden brown. You can also use a deepfryer and leave in for about 2 to 3 minutes.nOnce all of the eggplant has been fried, get a rectangular baking pan and start the layering by adding the marinara sauce to the bottom of the pan, then the eggplant, more sauce, fresh mozzarella, Romano cheese, and continue to layer until you have reached the top of the pan. Top off with sauce, mozzarella, and grated RomanonPlace the eggplant into the oven and cook for 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [Oil, 2 large eggplants, Allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, Bread crumbs recommended: Arthur Avenue Italian Deli, 1 quart marinara sauce recommended: Arthur Avenue Italian Deli, 8 ounces sliced dry mozzarella recommended: Arthur Avenue Italian Deli, 4 ounces grated Romano recommended: Arthur Avenue Italian Deli], title: Mikes Deli Famous Eggplant Parmigiana, picturelink: mEFd5qMyTih3kDX2RIzCOV54iwYhGjC}, 40238: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 popsicle sticksnLine a baking sheet with waxed paper. Peel the bananas and cut them in 12 crosswise. Insert a popsicle stick into the cut end of each banana 12.nPut the yogurt and the toppings into shallow bowls. Dip the bananas first in the yogurt and then into toppings as desired. Set the bananas on the baking sheet and freeze for 30 minutes., ingredients: [8 ripe bananas, 1 cup nonfat vanilla yogurt, 12 cup multicolored sprinkles, 12 cup lowfat granola, 12 cup crushed cereal such as: Fruit Loops, 12 cup chopped nuts], title: Janettes Banana Yogurt Pops, picturelink: null}, 40239: {instructions: Divide the watermelon cubes and basil between 2 white wine glasses, then add the lemon lime soda. Add the wine and stir., ingredients: [1 cup small watermelon cubes, 6 fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, 6 ounces chilled lemonlime soda, such as Sprite, 10 ounces chilled dry white wine], title: Watermelon Basil Spritzer, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 40240: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.nCombine the flour, walnuts, and sugar in a large bowl. Add the butter and the egg yolk. Mix, either by hand or with an electric mixer, until crumbly.nPress 1 12 cups of the crumb mixture in an even layer into the bottom of a 9 12inch springform or tart pan. Arrange the plums in the pan, skinside down, to form a flower pattern begin at the outside and work your way in.nSprinkle the rest of the crumb mixture evenly over the plums. Bake the tart for 40 to 50 minutes, or until its lightly browned and the plum juices are bubbling. Remove from the oven and cool for 10 minutes. Remove from the pan and transfer the tart to a flat plate. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup finely chopped walnuts, 34 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter 1 12 sticks, diced, 1 egg yolk, 2 pounds firm, ripe Italian prune plums, pitted and quartered lengthwise], title: Plum Tart, picturelink: null}, 40241: {instructions: To make the parsley vinaigrette:nIn a bowl, whisk together the parsley, olive oil, garlic, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Season to taste with salt, freshly ground black pepper, and more lemon juice.nTo make the salad:nPut the eggs in a medium saucepan with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat and then turn down to a low simmer and cook for 7 minutes. Immediately plunge them into a large bowl of ice water to chill. Peel the eggs and cut them in half.nToss the mizuna or rucola in just enough of the parsley vinaigrette to moisten.nTo serve, arrange three lemon slices in a clovershape on a plate. Top with 1 ounce of the mozzarella. Drape 1 or 2 anchovy halves, depending on their size, over the cheese. Place a small handful of mizuna over the cheese and anchovy. Grate a small amount of egg over the top of the greens. Finish with a drizzle of the vinaigrette. The remaining vinaigrette will keep in the refrigerator for 3 to 4 days.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 cup Italian parsley leaves, chopped, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, grated, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, more if needed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, 3 cups mizuna or rucola, 1 Meyer lemon, sliced paper thin, 6 to 8 ounces bufala mozzarella, sliced, 12 saltpacked anchovies, rinsed well and backbone removed], title: Bufala Mozzerella with Alici di Menaica, picturelink: sgWablfVcf5m0B.2ilSLZrqgQDaYKJy}, 40242: {instructions: Special equipment: Colins glassnTo deepfry fruitcake garnish: Heat 4 cups vegetable oil in a deepfryer to about 375 degrees F. In a shallow dish, whisk 1 egg. Place the chopped nuts in another shallow dish. Dip the fruitcake cubes in egg and then roll in nuts. Put the fruitcake on a skewer or place in a small fry basket. Carefully place the fruitcake in the hot oil. Hold it under with a spider strainer to ensure even browning. It should turn golden in 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the fruitcake to paper towels and let drain. Allow the fruitcake to sit and cool for about 5 minutes. To make the cocktail: Combine the applejack brandy, hazelnut liqueur, black currant liqueur, cherry liqueur, cinnamon liqueur, grenadine, and cream in a Colins glass, fill with ice and stir. Garnish drink with a cherry and a cube of deep fried fruitcake on a cocktail pick., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, Small cubes of chilled fruit cake, 1 egg, beaten, 12 cup chopped nuts recommended: walnuts or pecans, 1 12 ounces 3 tablespoons applejack brandy, 12 ounce 1 tablespoon hazelnut liqueur, 12 ounce 1 tablespoon black currant liqueur, 12 ounce 1 tablespoon cherry liqueur, 12 ounce 1 tablespoon cinnamon liqueur, 12 tablespoon grenadine, Splash cream or Irish cream liqueur, optional, Ice], title: Aunt Normas Nutcase Fruitcake, picturelink: null}, 40243: {instructions: In a casserole heat the oil over moderate heat until hot. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 minutes, or until golden. Add the garlic, cumin, thyme and ginger and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and liquid, broth And cinnamon stick, bring liquid to a boil and simmer, covered, for 15 minutes. Add the carrots and simmer, covered, for 8 minutes. Add the broccoli, squash and chickpeas and simmer, covered, 5 minutes more, or until vegetables are just tender. Stir in the cilantro. Serve with couscous., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups chopped onion, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons toasted cumin seed, ground, 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled, 1 16ounce can tomatoes, including liquid, chopped, 3 cups beef stock or broth, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 carrots, cut diagonally into 12inch thick slices, 3 cups blanched broccoli florets, 2 medium yellow squash, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 10 12ounce can chickpeas, drained, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger], title: Chickpea Stew, picturelink: null}, 40244: {instructions: In a small saucepan simmer sauce ingredients, stirring until sugar is dissolved, until reduced to about 12 cup and cool to room temperature in a metal bowl set in a large bowl of ice and cold water. In a baking dish large enough to just hold salmon steaks in 1layer marinate salmon in sauce, turning to coat, 15 minutes.nPreheat broiler. Line broiler pan and rack with foil. Arrange fish on rack in a single layer, not touching each other, brush with melted butter or margarine, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Just how long fish should be broiled can only be estimated by size and shape. For a 12inch cut steak, the steak should be 2inches away from the heat and you should cook the first side 3 minutes and 3 to 5 minutes on the second side., ingredients: [13 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons mirin or medium dry Sherry, 2 12 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons peeled, chopped fresh gingerroot, 2 12thick salmon steaks], title: Salmon Teriyaki, picturelink: null}, 40245: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill or a cast iron skillet to high.nDivide the beef into 8 4ounce burgers. Season on both sides with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill or cook in the skillet for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare doneness. During last minutes of cooking add 2 slices of cheese to each burger, cover grill and let melt, approximately 1 minute. Place burger on bun and top with Horseradish Mustard, lettuce, Grilled Vidalia Onions, pickles and ketchup.nWhisk mustard and horseradish together in a small bowl.nBrush olive oil on both sides of the onions and season with salt and pepper. Grill the onion slices for 3 to 4 minutes on each side until golden brown., ingredients: [2 pounds freshly ground chuck, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices white Cheddar, sliced 14inch thick, 8 slices yellow Cheddar, sliced 14inch thick, 8 hamburger buns, Horseradish Mustard, recipe follows, 8 leaves Romaine Lettuce, Grilled Vidalia Onions, recipe follows, Dill pickles, sliced, Ketchup, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, 2 Vidalia onions, sliced crosswise, 14inch thick slices, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Hamburger with Double Cheddar Cheese, Grilled Vidalia Onion and Horseradish Mustard, picturelink: z6eO5j8Flu9uZHonmGmqHENYtzX.bV6}, 40246: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the onions in the oil over mediumlow heat for 10 to 15 minutes, until translucent. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the bell peppers, chili powder, cumin, red pepper flakes, cayenne, and salt. Cook for 1 minute. Crush the tomatoes by hand or in batches in a food processor fitted with a steel blade pulse 6 to 8 times. Add to the pot with the basil. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRub the chicken breasts with olive oil and place them on a baking sheet. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Roast the chicken for 35 to 40 minutes, until just cooked. Let cool slightly. Separate the meat from the bones and skin and cut it into 34inch chunks. Add to the chili and simmer, uncovered, for another 20 minutes. Serve with the toppings, or refrigerate and reheat gently before serving., ingredients: [4 cups chopped yellow onions 3 onions, 18 cup good olive oil, plus extra for chicken, 18 cup minced garlic 2 cloves, 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded, and largediced, 2 yellow bell peppers, cored, seeded, and largediced, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, or to taste, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for chicken, 2 28ounce cans whole peeled plum tomatoes in puree, undrained, 14 cup minced fresh basil leaves, 4 split chicken breasts, bone in, skin on, Freshly ground black pepper, Chopped onions, corn chips, grated cheddar, sour cream], title: Chicken Chili, picturelink: 8rwpSnSYCgTkDr8wskOGkYjPVKE3oA2}, 40247: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and generously season with salt. Add in carrots and potatoes and simmer 4 minutes. In a small skillet heat cumin and coriander until aroma is released. In a blender combine spices, cilantro, ginger, jalapeno, garlic, onion and lime juice. Blend until it forms and paste. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of water if necessary. Add broccoli and cauliflower to boiling water and cook for 1 minutes. Stir in zucchini and simmer for 1 minute. Drain vegetables and return to pot. Add chicken stock, coconut milk and 2 to 3 tablespoons curry paste. Bring to a simmer and serve with basmati rice.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and generously season with salt. Add in carrots and potatoes and simmer 4 minutes. In a small skillet heat cumin and coriander until aroma is released. In a blender combine spices, cilantro, ginger, jalapeno, garlic, onion and lime juice. Blend until it forms and paste. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of water if necessary. Add broccoli and cauliflower to boiling water and cook for 1 minutes. Stir in zucchini and simmer for 1 minute. Drain vegetables and return to pot. Add chicken stock, coconut milk and 2 to 3 tablespoons curry paste. Bring to a simmer and serve with basmati rice., ingredients: [2 carrots, peeled and sliced, 2 potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 cup broccoli florets, 1 cup cauliflower florets, 1 small zucchini, sliced, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 bunch cilantro, rinsed and coarsely chopped, about 1 cup, Fresh ginger, 1inch coarsely chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded, 2 cloves garlic, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 cup unsweetened coconut milk, Salt and pepper, 2 carrots, peeled and sliced, 2 potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 cup broccoli florets, 1 cup cauliflower florets, 1 small zucchini, sliced, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 bunch cilantro, rinsed and coarsely chopped, about 1 cup, Fresh ginger, 1inch coarsely chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded, 2 cloves garlic, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 cup unsweetened coconut milk, Salt and pepper], title: Green Curried Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 40248: {instructions: Heat a nonstick pizzelle iron. In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, and salt set aside. In a large bowl, whisk the eggs. Slowly add the sugar and continue mixing until well blended. Whisk in the extracts. Slowly add the cooled butter in a steady stream, whisking continuously until the batter is smooth. Slowly add the sifted flour mixture, and keep whisking until the flour is completely incorporated into the batter. Be sure not to over mix. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a 4 Ateco plain tip see sources with batter. Pipe 1 12 tablespoons of batter in a circle around the center of each pattern on the heated pizzelle iron. Close the iron and seal with the clasp. Cook for 50 to 60 seconds. Using a small spatula, remove pizzelles, and place on a wire rack to cool. When pizzelles are cool, if necessary, trim to original pattern. Spread half of the cookies with 1 12 tablespoons of cooled caramel sauce, and sandwich together with a plain cookie, pressing gently to evenly spread caramel. Store in an airtight container up to 3 days.nIn a small saucepan, combine sugar, water, corn syrup, and lemon juice over medium heat. Gently swirl until sugar dissolves. Without stirring, cook mixture until dark amber in color, swirling pan carefully while cooking, about 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and slowly add the cream, stirring with a wooden spoon. Be careful, the hot caramel will sputter when the cream is added. Add the vanilla bean and the butter, and stir until the sauce is smooth. Strain the sauce through a fine strainer into a bowl, and set aside to cool. Yield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 2 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon pure lemon extract, 13 cup 23 of a stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 cup Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 6 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Stroopwafel, picturelink: null}, 40249: {instructions: Sticky Rice: Line a steamer basket insert of a pot with fresh corn husks or soaked dried corn husks used as Mexican tamale wrappers. Spray the corn husks with vegetable oil spray to prevent sticking. Spread the soaked rice evenly over the husks.nFill the pot with water to come to just under the steamer basket insert. Put the steamer basket insert into the pot, cover, and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Steam the rice for at least 20 minutes, or longer. Transfer the rice to a serving bowl when ready to serve. Cover the rice with some corn husks to keep it moist and warm.nReheating Sticky Rice: Divide the leftover cooked rice into small serving portions, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate. The rice will keep well for 2 to 3 days. The easiest and best way to reheat the sticky rice is by microwave. Warm the wrapped sticky rice in the plastic it was store in on high power for1 to 2 minutes, or until hot. To reheat by steaming, unwrap the sticky rice and follow the above method for cooking sticky rice.nAfter youve prepared the rice, make the sauce syrup: Combine the sugar, palm sugar, pandanus leaves, if using, and the coconut milk in a 2quart saucepan. Heat over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is dissolved. Without increasing the heat, allow the coconut cream to come to a gentle boil, and boil and thicken for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Cover to keep warm. Leave the pandanus leaves in the syrup until you are ready to make the syrup for topping, or, if you are using extract, add it now.nTo make the topping syrup, if you are using pandanus leaves, pull them out of the sauce syrup and place them in a 2quart saucepan. Add the sugar, salt, and coconut cream. Heat over low to mediumlow heat until the sugar and salt dissolve do not let the coconut cream boil, or it will curdle. Let the syrup simmer slowly until it thickens, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Leave the panadus leaves in the syrup until ready to be used. Or, if you are using extract instead, add it now and stir well. Pour the mixture into a medium bowl and set aside.nTo make sticky rice dessert, put the hot rice in a large mixing bowl. Pour the warm sauce syrup over the rice, mixing well with a wooden spoon. The mixture will be soupy. Cover tightly with clear plastic wrap and let the rice absorb the syrup for about 10 minutes, then stir the rice mixture again with the wooden spoon. Cover tightly with plastic wrap again and let it rest for another 10 minutes.nTo shape the rice for serving, dip your hands in a bowl of cool water and shake off excess droplets. Scoop a handful of rice at a time from the bowl and mold it into an oval shape. Or shape the rice by using a rubber spatula to scoop up a mound of rice onto a large oval wooden spoon, shape it with the spoon, and transfer the mound to a serving platter. The rice may stick to the spatula, so dip it in cold water and shake off excess droplets before scooping more rice.nPut the rice on a serving platter or individual plates. Spoon the thickened coconut syrup topping over the rice. Garnish with sliced fruits, such as, mango, pears, peaches or kiwi., ingredients: [2 cups longgrain Thai jasmine sticky rice, cooked, method follows, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons palm sugar or light brown sugar, 2 to 3 long strips pandanus leaves or 1 to 2 drops orange or almond extract, 1 cup fresh unsweetened coconut milk, 2 to 3 long strips pandanus leaves or 1 to 2 drops orange or almond extract, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1cup fresh unsweetened coconut cream, Sliced, mango, pears, peaches and kiwis], title: Kao Neuw Kati: Sweet Sticky Rice Dessert, picturelink: null}, 40250: {instructions: Combine the butter, garlic, scallions, dill, parsley, lemon juice, salt and pepper in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat until mixed, but do not whip., ingredients: [12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced scallions white and green parts, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Herb Butter, picturelink: null}, 40251: {instructions: Combine the salt, sugar and ginger in a bowl., ingredients: [6 cups Hawaiian salt, 6 cups white sugar, 34 cups ground ginger], title: Pork Rub, picturelink: null}, 40252: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the crusts off the bread and cut into 1inch cubes. You should have about 3 12 cups of cubes. Arrange on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until light golden brown, about 10 minutes. Watch carefully to make sure they do not brown too much set aside to cool. Leave the oven on.nIn a saucepan, heat the halfandhalf, cream, salt, and vanilla bean over medium heat, stirring occasionally to make sure the mixture doesnt burn or stick to the bottom of the pan. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer do not let it boil, turn off the heat. Set aside to infuse 10 minutes. Add the chopped chocolate and whisk until it melts completely.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk the eggs and sugar together. Whisking constantly, gradually add the hot cream mixture. Strain into a large bowl to smooth the mixture and remove the vanilla bean. Add the bread cubes and dried cherries, toss well, and let soak until almost all liquid is absorbed, about 30 minutes. Fold the mixture occasionally to ensure even soaking.nDivide the soaked bread among 6 ungreased individual baking dishes or 1 large baking dish. Arrange the puddings in a hot water bath. Bake until set and browning on top, about 30 minutes for individual puddings and 40 to 45 minutes for 1 large pudding. Serve warm or chilled, dusted with confectioners sugar and with the White Chocolate Sherbet.nWhite Chocolate Sherbet: Place all the ingredients in a bowl over hot water and whisk to melt the chocolate and until smooth. Strain, then chill. Spin according to ice cream makers instructions., ingredients: [12 recipe brioche or 12 large bakery challah about 8 ounces bread, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 pinch salt, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 6 eggs, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup dried cherries, Confectioners sugar, White chocolate sherbet, recipe follows, 3 ounces white chocolate, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 cups milk, 34 cup water, 12 vanilla bean, split], title: Chocolate Bread Pudding with White Chocolate Sherbet, picturelink: null}, 40253: {instructions: For the broth: Heat the olive oil in a large, heavybottomed stew pot. Cut off most of the green part of the leek, wash well, and chop into coarse pieces. Add the leek, the garlic and the red pepper to the olive oil. Stir. Cook over medium heat for about 10 minutes, or until the vegetables have begun to soften. Add the basil, saffron, orange peel, and fennel seeds. Mix well with the leeks.nThen add the fish pieces, saute for 2 minutes over high heat and boil for 1 minute. Add the wine and water, stir well, and simmer for 1 hour. Stir occasionally, skimming foam off the top of the pot. When done, select a clean pot that is large and wide. Strain the broth into the pot through a sieve, pressing on the solids in the sieve. Add salt and pepper to taste.nFor the toasts: Heat an oven to 250 degrees. Place the bread slices on a baking sheet and bake for 45 minutes, turning occasionally. When done, rub each slice with the cut side of the garlic clove and rub with torn basil leaves. Work carefully since the toasts are brittle. The toasts will pick up a rich green color. Reserve.nFor the first course: Bring the bouillabaisse broth in the large, wide pot to a simmer. Cut the potatoes in half and add to the broth. Simmer for 10 minutes. Then add the fish, adding the thickest and firmest ones first. you must use your judgement here the fish should be firm, justcooked. Most fish will not take longer than 57 minutes in the simmering broth.nWhen the fish are done, remove them to a platter. Working quickly on a slotted board, fillet the whole fish a very large spoon works nicely and divide the fillets evenly among the 6 dinner plates. Reserve the fish bones and heads. Cut up the chunks of fish monkfish, haddock, etc. and divide among the plates. Return all juices from the slotted board to the bouillabaisse pot. Place a cooked potato half in the center of each plate, and ladle a few tablespoons of broth around the fish on each plate. Drizzle a teaspoon of extravirgin olive oil over the fish on each plate and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Strew the chopped parsley over the fish and serve immediately.nFor the second course: While your guests are eating the first course, bring the pot of broth to a boil. Plunge the lobsters into the broth, cover, and cook for 12 minutes.nRemove lobsters from broth when done and working over a slotted board, cut into 6 halftail portions, 6 claws, and 6 first joints the part that connects the claw to the body. While working, slip the shelled shrimp and the scallops into the simmering broth for about 1 minute or until just cooked. Now divide the lobster pieces, the cooked shrimp and the cooked scallops among 6 plates. Place a dollop of aioli on the side of the plate.nServe immediately, but dont forget to put the remaining pieces of lobster like the chest and legs, juices from the slotted board, the shrimp shells, and the reserved fish heads and bones from the first course into the bouillabaisse pot. Cover the pot and turn the heat to mediumhigh.nFor the third course: Cook the broth with the shellfish shells and saffron in it over mediumhigh heat for at least 20 minutes after 3040 minutes, it will pick up even more flavor, but it may be difficult to wait that long. When ready to serve, select 6 wide, shallow soup bowls and place two toasts in the center of each. Ladle the bouillabaisse broth around the toasts and top the toasts with a dollop of aioli. Place a small basil leaf on the aioli and scatter the shredded basil over the soup. Serve immediately with additional aioli on the side.nnCombine all of the above ingredients except the olive oil and process for 30 seconds.nWith the motor running slowly add the olive oil drop by drop in the beginning, and then pour the remaining oil in a slow steady stream. The mixture will be thick, but not stiff. Reserve in the refrigerator., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pounds leek, 4 large cloves garlic, chopped, 1 sweet red pepper, chopped, 14 cup tightlypacked fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon. saffron threads, 5 pieces dried orange peel,each about 2x1inch, 2 teaspoons fennel seed, crushed, 5 pounds fish, fish heads, fish bones a mixture of fish parts works best avoid fish that are fishy, not fresh, or oily, 1 cup white wine, 10 cups water, 18 slices French bread, each 12inch thick, 2 large cloves of garlic, cut, Few basil leaves, 12 pound small potatoes, 46 pounds fish a variety is preferable, whole red snapper, whole flounder, whole seabass, chunks of monkfish, chunks haddock, etc., 2 pounds extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, 31 14 pound live lobsters, 1 pound mediumsized shrimp about 30 in all shelled, with shells reserved, 1 pound shucked scallops, 12 teaspoon saffron shreds, Reserved basilrubbed toasts, 6 small basil leaves, 13 cup fresh basil leaves, shredded, 6 heaping tablespoons reserved aioli, 12 cup pasteurized liquid eggs, 4 medium garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 13 cup French bread, crusts removed, cut into small dice, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup olive oil], title: Bouillabaisse in Three Courses, picturelink: null}, 40254: {instructions: Cut the vanilla bean in half lengthwise and scrape the seeds into a small heavy saucepan, adding the pod also. Add the sugar, water, ginger, and zest and bring to a boil to make a syrup. Place diced sweet potatoes in a medium skillet, pour syrup over top, and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes, or until just tender. Alternatively, place diced sweet potato in a casserole dish, drizzle syrup over, and cook in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 5 minutes, or until just tender. Set aside and keep warm.nMeanwhile, melt 4 tablespoons butter in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onions and sugar and cook very gently until onions are golden brown. Add chicken stock, a little at a time, to deglaze pan, and continue cooking until most of the liquid is evaporated and the onions are tender. Set aside and keep warm.nIn another nonstick skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until edges start to become golden brown. Set aside and keep warm.nIn a large skillet, heat olive oil over medium heat. Add venison and sear meat on all sides until golden brown. Add 1 tablespoon butter and continue to cook until meat is mediumrare. Remove meat from heat and let rest for 5 minutes. Cut each piece into 3 slices.nTo the skillet, add the bacon, sweet potato, and pearl onions, and stir to combine. Cook over medium heat until warmed through. Scatter parsley over top. Plate by placing a small pile of potato mixture just offcenter on each of 4 plates. Fan venison slices across plate and drizzle any leftover pan juices on top of the meat., ingredients: [1 vanilla bean, 2 ounces sugar, 1 14 cups water, One 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 1 lemon, zested, 2 large sweet potatoes, small diced, 5 tablespoons butter, 20 pearl onions, cleaned, 1 ounce sugar, 12 cup chicken stock, 8 ounces smoked bacon, diced small, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, Four 8ounce portions of venison loin, 1 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, leaves only], title: Venison Loin with Sweet Potato, Pearl Onions, and Smoked Bacon, picturelink: BMQPco2aMMDOUS9wtCRiCV2DUt9BViS}, 40255: {instructions: Heat the oil in a small nonstick pan over medium heat. Add the onion, and a pinch of salt, and cook, stirring frequently for 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden brown. Add the chorizo slices, and stir fry for 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden brown, and cooked through, adding a splash of water halfway through the cooking process.nPlace 2 slices of bread onto a serving plate. Cover the bread with the rocket, then spoon over the cooked chorizo and onions. Place the remaining bread slices on top., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, Kosher salt, 1 Goan chorizo, sliced into 34inch pieces, 4 thick slices bread, Handful rocket leaves arugula], title: Goan Chorizo Butty, picturelink: null}, 40256: {instructions: Through the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, vinegar, soy sauce, scallions, black pepper, and salt. Then leaving the blender running, add the olive oil in a slow thin stream.nToss together the hearts of palm, onion, bell pepper, and mango. Stir in enough of the dressing to coat, and serve any additional dressing on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 3 scallions, white and tender green parts only, chopped, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 32 ounces canned hearts of palm or 2 pounds fresh hearts of palm, 1 large red onion, julienned, 1 red bell pepper julienned, 1 fresh mango, peeled, cut away from the seed and julienned], title: Hearts of Palm Salad, picturelink: null}, 40257: {instructions: Soak mushrooms until soft and remove the stem. Cut the mushroom in twirl strips by cutting from outer edge to center approximately 12inch wide. Squeeze out excess water and marinate with five spice, salt, and sugar for 5 minutes and then wheat mesh, sesame oil, soy sauce, and cornmeal for 30 minutes.nHeat vegetable oil in wok until almost smoking. Deepfry mushrooms until crispy and remove from oil. Deepfry spinach linguine until crispy approximately 1 12 minutes and place on dish. Stirfry fresh bean sprouts with wine and pepper and place on top of linguine. Mix soy paste, vinegar, sugar, and wine in skillet until hot and then stir in mushrooms. Transfer it on top of linguine and bean sprout. Garnish with ginger on top., ingredients: [12 black mushrooms, 18 teaspoon fivespice powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon distilled wheat mesh, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, Soy sauce, 5 teaspoons unenriched cornmeal, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 34 pound spinach linguine, 6 ounces bean sprouts, Wine, 14 teaspoon fresh black pepper, 2 teaspoons soy sauce paste, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, Thin slices ginger, soaked in sugar and white vinegar], title: Dreamland, picturelink: null}, 40258: {instructions: Place beans in a small saucepan and cover with a generous amount of water. Bring to a boil and cook, covered, until beans are tender, about 1 hour. Drain and reserve. To test a bean for doneness, choose a small one. Smaller beans take longer to cook because of their dense centers. The bean should taste creamy, rather than powdery, inside.nMake Pesto by pureeing garlic, olive oil, and a few basil leaves in a blender. Gradually add remaining leaves until all are pureed. Transfer to a small bowl, add grated cheese, and stir. Set aside.Cut each vegetable into even 12inch dice and set aside. To avoid discoloration, reserve potatoes in a bowl of cold water.nBring chicken stock to a boil in a large stockpot. Add white beans, potatoes, carrot, and onion. Return to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook, uncovered, 15 minutes. Add remaining vegetables and bring back to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook an additional 10 minutes, uncovered. Season to taste. Serve soup with a dollop of pesto in each bowl., ingredients: [13 cup dry white beans navy or Great Northern, washed, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 bunch fresh basil, leaves only, 1 cup 4 ounces freshly grated Gruyere or Parmesan cheese, 2 small red potatoes, with skins, 1 large carrot, peeled, 1 small onion, 1 small zucchini, with skin, 1 small yellow crookneck squash, with skin, 1 stalk of celery, peeled, 1 large tomato, peeled, and seeded, 14 pound green beans, 8 cups chicken stock or canned broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Soupe au Pistou, picturelink: null}, 40259: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the yogurt and garlic in a small bowl and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Divide between 4 small ovenproof dishes and place in the oven for 10 minutes.nWhile the yogurt is warming, put 2 inches of water in a deep frying plan and bring to a boil. Turn off the heat and immediately break the eggs into the pan. To stop the egg whites spreading too much, break the eggs directly into the water, carefully opening the shells at the water surface so that the eggs slide into the water. Cover the pan with a tightfitting lid. Leave to cook undisturbed in the water for about 3 minutes. The eggs are cooked when the whites are opaque. Remove from the pan with a slotted spoon and drain on a clean tea towel.nMix the olive oil and paprika together in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the yogurt from the oven and top with the spinach leaves and poached egg. Drizzle over the olive oil mixture and serve at once., ingredients: [1 cup plain yogurt, 1 garlic clove, crushed, optional, Pinch sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 eggs, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 handful baby English spinach leaves], title: Turkish Eggs, picturelink: null}, 40260: {instructions: Season chicken with dried thyme and salt and pepper. Heat a large saute pan over medium heat and add the oil. Dredge the chicken in flour, add to the hot oil and saute until cooked through. Set chicken aside to rest on plate tented with foil.nIn same saute pan, over low heat, add onions and fresh thyme and cook until aromatic.nIn a measuring cup, measure out wine, if using, and broth, and add the lemon juice. Turn the heat up to high, and deglaze the pan with the broth mixture until starting to reduce.nRemove the pan from the heat and finish the sauce by whisking in butter. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace a bed of cooked spinach on a serving platter, top with the chicken. Spoon the sauce over the chicken and serve.nSpinach bed:nMicrowave spinach in a microwaveproof dish with a few tablespoons of water on high for 5 to 6 minutes, or until hot. Drain, and toss with butter, lemon juice, and salt and pepper, to taste.nThe Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, sliced in half crossways butterflied, cut all the way through, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, plus 1 small bunch fresh thyme, leaves chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup white wine, optional, 1 cup chicken broth, 3 lemons, juiced, 1 to 2 tablespoons butter, Spinach bed, recipe follows, 1 bag prewashed fresh spinach, 3 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Flexible 4Step Chicken for Family and Company  Rustic LemonOnion Chicken, picturelink: ei2E905p63HVQnUuLyQzJUG7HjP5BG}, 40261: {instructions: Arrange the figs cut side up decoratively in a buttered 11inchlong gratin pan, 1 12 inches deep 5 cups, and sprinkle the raspberries around them. In a blender or food processor grind the almonds finely with the flour, add the milk, 13 cup of sugar, the eggs, the Port, and the salt, and blend the custard well, stopping the motor and scraping down the sides as necessary. Pour the custard slowly over the fruit, dot the fruit with the butter, and sprinkle it with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake the clafouti in the middle of a preheated 400degree oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the top is golden and the custard is set, transfer it to a rack, and let it cool for 20 minutes. Serve the clafouti warm with the whipped cream if desired., ingredients: [1 pound about 9 fresh figs, halved lengthwise, 12 cup raspberries, 14 cup blanched whole almonds, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 34 cup milk, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoons Tawny Port, 14 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, Whipped cream as accompaniment if desired], title: Fig and Raspberry Clafouti Baked Fig and Raspberry Custard, picturelink: null}, 40262: {instructions: Put the ground beef in a large bowl and add the grated onion and bread. Mix thoroughly, being careful not to overmix. Add the eggs, mint, oregano, salt and pepper and mix thoroughly. Be careful not to overmix.nRefrigerate the meatball mixture for 30 minutes. Form into golf ballsize meatballs, flatten and coat both sides lightly with flour. In batches, fry the meatballs over medium to mediumhigh heat in a large pan with the oil until golden brown and cooked through, 25 minutes per side., ingredients: [2 12 pounds 80percent ground beef, 1 medium onion, grated or finely chopped, 2 slices bread, crusts removed, dipped in water and water squeezed out, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons dried mint, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Swirl of Greek extravirgin olive oil, for frying], title: Keftedes Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 40263: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nOver a Dutch oven or ovensafe pot, cut 3 strips of the bacon into small pieces and cook on mediumhigh heat until the fat is rendered and the bacon is crisp. Remove the bacon to a paper towellined plate leaving the fat in the pot. Add the onions, thyme, and then season with salt and pepper. Cook until the onions are tender and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the brown sugar, garlic, dry mustard, paprika, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, and Sriracha. Stir to mix and cook until the brown sugar melts and the pot begins to bubble. Add the tomatoes, beans dont drain 2 of the cans, stock, and remaining 3 strips of uncooked bacon.nCover and place in the oven to bake for 40 minutes, remove the lid and continue to cook for 20 minutes more. Remove from the oven and fish out the bacon strips and discard them, or leave them if you dont mind the texture. Serve the beans warm with chopped bacon sprinkled over the top., ingredients: [6 pieces bacon, 1 cup chopped onion, 6 to 8 sprigs fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 3 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 12 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons Sriracha, 4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 3 15.5ounce cans cannellini beans, 1 drained, 4 cups beef stock], title: Sunnys Easy Baked Beans, picturelink: 8efmswq90Fbty2RG58o7T9UHt8t0uO}, 40264: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Bamboo skewersnFor the mojo marinade: Trim the pork shoulder, removing any excess fat, and tie. Make the mojo marinade by combining the citrus juices and zest, oregano, cilantro, 1 12 tablespoons of the garlic and the cumin in a large mixing bowl. Whisk in the olive oil. Place the tied roast into a resealable plastic bag and pour in the marinade. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Allow to marinate for 30 to 40 minutes at room temperature. Once marinated, remove from the bag and wipe away any excess liquid. Reserve the marinade.nFor the pork roast: Preheat a 6quart pressure cooker over mediumhigh heat. Add the canola oil to the pressure cooker pot and turn to high heat. Sear the roast on all sides. Then add the chicken stock, bay leaves, onions and the reserved marinade. Replace the lid and reduce the heat to low. Cook until the roast is tender, 30 to 45 minutes.nRemove the roast, transfer to a cutting board and rest for 5 to 7 minutes. Slice thinly.nFor the Cuban sandwiches: Using a serrated knife, halve the Cuban loaves. Begin building the sandwiches. First, spread a thin layer of Dijon mustard onto the bread. Add 5 pickle slices, about 3 ounces of ham and a few slices of roasted pork. Top with 2 slices of the cheese. Finish with the top half of the Cuban loaf. Repeat with the remaining sandwiches.nTo serve: Heat a flattop griddle pan to medium heat with the olive oil. Place the sandwiches on to the griddle pan and place a weighted castiron pan on top to press. Press the sandwiches until the bread is toasted and the cheese is melted, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and cut in half. Secure with bamboo skewers and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 boneless pork shoulder 2 to 3 pounds, 1 12 cups fresh orange juice, 12 cup fresh lime juice, Zest of 1 lime, Zest of 1 orange, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons finely minced garlic, 2 teaspoons cumin, 1 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, 1 sweet onion, rough chopped, mediumlarge size pieces, Four 6inch loaves Cuban bread, 13 cup Dijon mustard, 4 pickles, thinly sliced about 20 slices, 12 ounces shaved deli ham, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 4 tablespoons olive oil], title: Mojo Cuban Sandwich, picturelink: NIDFGRuUPQUYUwVA6iB.ZWaid0j9M6}, 40265: {instructions: In a large skillet, cook bacon over moderate heat, turning it, until it is crisp, transfer it to paper towel lined plate to drain, and discard all but 2 tablespoons of the fat. In the remaining fat, cook the shallot for 1 minute. Add the vinegar, sugar, mustard, oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a boil, pour over spinach and toss. Serve sprinkled with the bacon., ingredients: [5 slices lean bacon, chopped fine, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 pound fresh young spinach, coarse stems discarded and leaves washed well and spun dry], title: Spinach Salad with Hot Bacon Dressing, picturelink: null}, 40266: {instructions: In a medium pot set over mediumlow heat combine the milk, maple syrup, cream, salt, vanilla bean and seeds. Give it a good stir and heat until it just starts to bubble.nIn a small bowl, combine the sugar and cornstarch, and mix together with a fork. Slowly sprinkle the cornstarch mixture into the heated cream while constantly whisking.nWhisk the egg yolks in a medium bowl. Slowly pour about 12 cup of the hot milk mixture into the eggs to temper them. Whisk the egg mixture into the hot milk. While continuously stirring, cook on low heat until the mixture thickens to the consistency of thick pancake batter, 6 to 7 minutes. Turn the heat off, and slowly whisk in the butter. Remove the vanilla pod.nTransfer the pudding to a clean bowl and place a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the pudding this eliminates a film forming on the pudding. Cool to room temperature then chill in the refrigerator until ready to serve. Spoon the pudding into serving cups and top with some Bourbon Whipped Cream, then serve.nIn a large, chilled metal bowl combine the cream and sugar. Using a hand mixer fitted with a whisk, whip until soft peaks form. Pour in the bourbon and continue to whip until the cream is stiff, but not overwhipped., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 1 13 cups maple syrup, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeded, 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons butter, Bourbon Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 1 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons bourbon], title: Maple Pudding with Bourbon Whipped Cream, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 40267: {instructions: Make blini batter by mixing dry ingredients and adding wet ingredients. Saute 14 oz of batter in clarified butter. Remove from the pan. Top with yogurt sauce. Arrange the gravlax pieces in a rosette pattern on the yogurt sauce, and spoon on more yogurt sauce. Place the caviar in the center of the rosette season with salt and pepper, and garnish with dill., ingredients: [12 pound gravlax, 1ounce Osetra caviar, 12 cup flour, 1 12 cups buckwheat, 1 Samuel Adams, 1 egg yolk, 1 cup plain yogurt, 4 tablespoons diced cucumbers, 1 tablespoon dill, chopped, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste, Dill sprigs], title: HouseCured Gravlax with Osetra Caviar, picturelink: null}, 40268: {instructions: Combine the basil, parsley, walnuts, and cheese in a food processor or mortar. Pulse or grind gradually adding the 3 cups olive oil until the mixture forms a paste.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the linguine and cook until it is al dente, about 8 minutes drain and reserve.nHeat 3 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the scallops, mushrooms, and zucchini and cook until the vegetables are tender and the scallops are opaque, about 2 minutes. Add a couple of tablespoons of pesto and the linguine. Toss to coat the pasta with sauce. Spoon onto warm plates and serve. Store pesto covered in the refrigerator., ingredients: [3 cups fresh, cleaned basil leaves, 2 cups fresh cleaned flatleaf parsley, 3 cups chopped walnuts, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 3 cups extravirgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 pound bay scallops, 2 cups sliced mushrooms, 1 cup sliced zucchini, Kosher salt, 8 ounces linguine], title: Bay Scallops with Pesto, picturelink: null}, 40269: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, Dijon mustard, honey, garlic, lemon zest and juice, and season with salt and pepper.nFor the pasta: Toss the pasta with the asparagus, peas, roasted peppers, tomatoes, shallots and dill. Pour the dressing over the salad, tossing to coat. Let the salad hang out for a bit to soak up all of the flavor.nWhen ready to serve, bowl it up and shave some ricotta salata over the top to seal the deal., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 clove garlic, grated, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 ounces cavatappi pasta, cooked to package instructions and shocked under cold water, 4 ounces asparagus, blanched and thinly sliced on the bias, 1 box frozen peas, defrosted, One 12ounce jar roasted yellow peppers, chopped, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 1 shallot, minced, 12 cup fresh dill, chopped, Ricotta salata, for garnish], title: Spring Pasta Salad, picturelink: 8SwmiWgBnuzL1PMchfWGbWmSCOCFwTq}, 40270: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn large bowl with an electric mixer, mix butter until fluffy. Add half the flour, then add in order: brown sugar, lemon zest, juice and egg. To remaining flour add baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and cloves. Combine both mixtures until just incorporated. Fold in cherries and pour into an ungreased 8 by 8inch baking pan. Using a spoon, equally dollop preserves on top of batter and using a toothpick or skewer, drag the tip through the preserves to create a swirl pattern on top.nBake for 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean cake will be moist to the touch. Once cooled, cut into squares and dust with powdered sugar to serve., ingredients: [14 cup butter, softened, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 lemon, zested, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 34 cup assorted frozen cherries, thawed, drained well, pitted and chopped, 14 cup mixed berry preserves, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Cherry Berry Bars, picturelink: XJvT20dmX7hH8Ir1g82jwTmGKr95c6}, 40271: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, cook the bacon until crisp. Drain on brown paper. Remove all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the pan. Place the bread slices in a food processor and pulse until coarse crumbs are formed. Reserve 1 cup breadcrumbs for Round 2 Recipe, Fried Potato Cakes. Add the remaining breadcrumbs to the skillet and cook until they are lightly toasted, about 5 minutes. Set asidenPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13inch baking dish with nonstick spray.nIn a small saucepan over low heat, warm the milk and butter.nPlace the potatoes into a large pot, cover with cold water, add a generous pinch of salt, and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cook until tender and they crumble when pressed with a fork, 15 to 20 minutes. When the potatoes are cooked through, drain them well, put them back into the pot, and mash them.nSlowly mix in the warm milk and butter mixture until incorporated. Mix in the grated cheese and cream cheese. Dont over mix or the potatoes will become gummy. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Reserve 2 cups mashed potatoes for Round 2 Recipe.nPut the potatoes into the prepared baking dish, crumble the bacon over the top, and sprinkle evenly with the breadcrumbs. Bake until heated through and golden brown on top, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve garnished with chives., ingredients: [6 strips bacon, Fresh breadcrumbs from 10 slices white bread, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, Kosher salt, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Baked Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 40272: {instructions: Cake Preparation: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray each cake pan with nonstick cooking spray, line with parchment paper and spray again. Follow directions on cake mix boxes to create 3 cakes of each size, but substitute grape juice for water in cake recipes. Bake each cake as per directions on box or until toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean. Cool cakes in pans on cooling racks and cool completely. After removing cakes from pans and parchment paper, cut each cake in half horizontally and level off tops of each section by slicing thin layer off top.nFilling and Frosting Preparations: In a large bowl, combine frosting with a few drops of Champagne extract, stirring well. For each size cake, place bottom layer atop cardboard round of matching diameter. Pipe a ring of lemon frosting around top edges of bottom layer. Fill in center with raspberry jam. Stack next layer of cake atop this and repeat ring of frosting. Fill in center with lemon curd. Stack top layer of cake atop this with smooth edges facing upward. Spread icing over entirety of cake. Repeat this process to create a 14inch cake, a 10inch cake, and a 6inch cake, which will make up finished wedding cake. Stack layered cakes atop one another from largest to smallest.nTo Assemble: Without removing the cardboard rounds from underneath the cakes, place the 14 inch cake onto serving platter. Cut dowel rods into 5 sections the height of the 14 inch cake, and 5 sections the height of the 10 inch cake. Carefully insert 4 dowel rods around the middle perimeter of the 14inch cake and 1 in the middle. Stack the 10inch cake atop the 14inch cake. Repeat dowel insertion process for the10inch cake. Stack the 6inch cake atop the 10inch cake. Cover up cardboard by piping icing around perimeter base of each cake. Dust mini green grapes liberally with powdered sugar and adorn cakes with them. Further adorn cake with white ribbon. Find mate, wed, serve.nChampagne extract is available at most specialty baking and cake decorating stores. ., ingredients: [3 boxes 18.25 ounces each lemon cake mix, 3 34 cups grape juice, 1 1ounce bottle Champagne extract, 3 containers 12 ounces each fluffy white or lemon frosting, 1 jar raspberry jam, 1 13 cups lemon curd, stirred to loosen, Several bunches mini green grapes, Powdered sugar, 1 14inch diameter round cake pan with3inch high sides, 1 10inch diameter round cake pan with 3 inch high sides, 1 6inch diameter round cake pan with 3inch high sides, 3 cardboard cake rounds 1 14inch, 1 10inch and 1 6inch, 38inch diameter plastic dowel rods, Parchment paper], title: 2Tier Lemon Raspberry Cake, picturelink: Y7PoXZnTUskdsSCRXaF5mQCZM2k6J.}, 40273: {instructions: Freeze the candy bars until hard, at least 1 hour cut into 14inch pieces and keep frozen until ready to use.nWhisk the flour, baking soda, baking powder and fine salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and creamy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually beat in the flour mixture until incorporated. Stir in the frozen chocolate pieces.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Arrange scoops of dough about 2 tablespoons per cookie about 2 inches apart on the baking sheets. Refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour or overnight.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Sprinkle the cookies with sea salt. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until light golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 3.5ounce caramelfilled dark chocolate candy bars, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Salted Caramel Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 40274: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Cut the acorn the squash in half and scoop out seeds and filaments. Set them, cut side up in a baking dish just large enough to hold them comfortably and pour hot water down sides of dish to come up about 1inch up the squash. Bake for an hour or until entirely tender. Peel away skin and puree in food processor with maple syrup and butter season to taste with salt, pepper and nutmeg., ingredients: [3 pounds of acorn squash, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 4 tablespoons softened butter, or more, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg], title: Winter Squash Puree, picturelink: null}, 40275: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPeel the potatoes and slice them extremely thinly using a mandolin. Rinse the slices well and dry them thoroughly. Grease 4 4inch baking pans with 1inch sides. Beginning at the outer edge, carefully arrange overlapping potato slices in a circular fashion, finishing at the center. This should create a shallow potato basket. Brush with some olive oil and bake until lightly browned.nUsing a sharp knife make small incisions all over the leg of lamb and insert roughly half of the garlic into the slivers. In a heavy pan over medium heat, brown the lamb on all sides in extravirgin olive oil, adding the chopped herbs. Cover, place in the oven, and cook slowly for 1 hour and 15 minutes, until meat is cooked through.nReduce the lamb stock over medium heat until it becomes a syruplike consistency. Cube the dry bread and toast it briefly in a castiron skillet. Cut a clove of garlic into thin slices and fry them in olive oil without allowing them to brown.nTo make the dressing for the greens, combine the extravirgin olive oil, lemon juice, and salt.nTo serve, place a potato basket on each plate. Fill with slices of lamb and top with lamb reduction. Serve with salad greens and garnish with toasted bread cubes and garlic chips., ingredients: [2 potatoes, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 1pound boned leg of lamb, 3 ounces garlic, 1 sprig rosemary, 4 sprigs thyme, 14 cup chopped parsley, 14 cup chopped marjoram, 2 cups lamb stock, 2 slices dry bread, crust removed, 1 ounce sliced garlic, 3 ounces mixed salad greens, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt], title: Garlic Staked Leg of Lamb with Salad of Mixed Greens, picturelink: null}, 40276: {instructions: Special equipment: Sushi matnOn a sushi mat lay the nori and cover with a thin layer of the seasoned sushi rice going all the way to the edges. Sprinkle with some sesame seeds and tobiko. Flip the nori sheet over so the rice is against the sushi mat. Directly on the nori sheet, place the snow crab meat and some avocado and cucumber pieces on top of each other, horizontally across the bottom third of the sheet, 1 inch from the edge. Roll up tightly using the mat. Cut into 6 pieces and serve with pickled ginger and wasabi., ingredients: [1 sheet nori, 1 cup cooked and seasoned sushi rice, Tobiko, for garnish, Black and blond sesame seeds, for garnish, 2 cooked snow crab legs, shelled and meat reserved, 1 avocado, diced, 1 cucumber, peeled and julienned, Pickled ginger, for serving, Wasabi, for serving], title: InsideOut California Roll, picturelink: bQg2xPRFuSsow4sYoE1jU3YFx9f.Fjq}, 40277: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. Add the red pepper flakes and chorizo. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes to release the flavors. Stir in the onions and fennel and cook until they caramelize, about additional 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic and saffron and allow the saffron to bloom. Stir in the wine and stock and mix well. Add the mussels and stir. Cover the pot and steam until the mussels open, about to 5 minutes. Remove the lid, then add the tomatoes, herbs, lemon juice and salt and pepper, and stir well. Ladle the mussels and broth into large serving bowl and serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 pound chorizo, finely diced, 1 onion, diced, 12 bulb fennel, cored and sliced, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 pinch saffron, 1 cup white wine, 12 cup vegetable stock, 2 pounds mussels, cleaned and beard removed, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Best Mussels on Earth, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 40278: {instructions: Remove wing tips save for stock and cut out wish bone. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees. Remove giblet package save all but liver for stock pot. Pat the capon dry. Remove fat from tail and neck of chicken. Stuff cavity with herbs and garlic cloves. Season skin with salt and immediately set roaster in pan and set in oven.nAfter 15 minutes, remove the pan from the oven making sure to close oven door, give bird a shake so it does not stick to bottom of pan and return to oven for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, scrub potatoes clean, leave skin on and cut, lengthwise into quarters so you have long potato wedges. Remove bird from oven again making sure to close oven door and scatter however many potatoes will fit on bottom of pan set those which dont fit in an iron skillet with 18th inch of water on the bottom of skillet.nReturn bird and potatoes to oven and roast for an hour more. Remove bird from oven and transfer to carving board let rest for 20 minutes. Strain out juices and discard fat. Return juices to roasting pan. Scoop herbs and garlic out of bird cavity and add to roasting pan. Reduce juices by half. Season with salt and pepper. With slotted spoon, remove herbs and garlic. Right before serving whisk in butter and parsley.nSlice legs and breast and transfer to platter. Surround pieces of poultry by roasted potatoes. Serve gravy separately serve also with salad on the same plate. After dinner, remove all skin and fat from what remains of bird. Remove flesh from the bones and store, tightly wrapped in plastic, in the refrigerator. Keep bones for a quick stock., ingredients: [7 12 pound oven roaster or capon, 1 cup fresh herbs on stalks or 1 tablespoon dried thyme, rosemary and tarragon, 5 to 6 whole garlic cloves in skins, 1 cup liquid water, broth, wine or a combo for deglazing, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped parsley, 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, scrubbed clean and cut in 14th lengthwise so they are more like wedges], title: Oven Roaster with Fresh Herbs and Garlic and Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 40279: {instructions: Heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven or medium soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook until crisp. Add the garlic, celery, carrots, bay leaf, onions and herb bundle and season with a little salt and more pepper. Cook until soft, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Deglaze with the wine, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon. Stir for 1 minute more. Add the stock and bring to a low boil.nAdd a few ladles of the soup to a food processor along with 1 can of beans and puree until smooth. Return the puree to the soup and stir to combine. Add the remaining can of beans and the kale and cook until the kale is wilted. Season with a hint of nutmeg. Add the cheese rind and simmer for 15 minutes at a low bubble to let the flavors combine. Adjust the seasonings.nRemove the cheese rind, herb bundle and bay leaf from the soup. Ladle the soup into shallow bowls and top with shaved ParmigianoReggiano and a drizzle of EVOO. Serve with bread for mopping., ingredients: [3 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for drizzling, 5 ounces pancetta, finely diced, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped or grated, 2 to 3 small stalks celery, finely diced, 2 medium carrots, finely diced, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 onion, finely diced, Herb bundle of fresh parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme tied with kitchen string, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup dry white wine, 6 cups chicken stock, Two 15ounce cans cannellini beans, 1 small bunch Tuscan kale, stems and ribs removed and leaves finely shredded or chopped, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 rind from a wedge of ParmigianoReggiano, Shaved ParmigianoReggiano, for serving, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Mediterranean Bean and Bacon Soup, picturelink: BxCJc7XUZoZN.ew5MkFxGtrRbE98JW}, 40280: {instructions: Fry the bacon in a medium saucepan over medium heat until halfway done, 3 minutes. Add the olive oil, butter and shallots and saute until soft, 6 minutes. Add the beans, sage, garlic and broth, bring to a simmer and cook 15 more minutes.nTransfer the mixture to a blender or food processor in three batches and puree until smooth. Be carefulhot liquids are prone to explode when whipped Return the pureed soup to the pan and add the cream, cayenne, and salt to taste. Keep warm.nSmear the toasted bread generously with goat cheese and cut into 34inch croutons. To serve, ladle the soup into shot glasses, top with goat cheese croutons and sprinkle with black pepper., ingredients: [12 strip bacon, diced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 15 ounce cans cannellini or other white beans, drained and rinsed, 6 leaves fresh sage, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 3 slices crusty bread, toasted, 2 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, Freshly ground black pepper], title: WhiteBean Soup Shooters with Bacon, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 40281: {instructions: Put the chicken in a nonreactive bowl. Combine 2 cups barbecue sauce, the seasoning rub, and vinegar and pour it over the chicken. Cover and marinate the chicken in the refrigerator at least 4 hours, preferably overnight.nPreheat the oven or smoker to 225 degrees F.nRemove the chicken and shake off the excess marinade. If cooking in an oven, place on a rack over a pan to catch drippings. If cooking in a smoker, place directly on a rack. Use your favorite wood, I use New Jersey hickory. Cook until the internal temperature, using an instantread thermometer, registers 165 degrees F, about 1 12 to 2 hours.nRemove the chicken from the rack and place it in a foil pan. Brush with the reserved 12 cup barbecue sauce, cover with foil, and place back in the oven or smoker for 12 hour. Remove the chicken from the pan and finish off on a grill. Using medium to hot flame, grill until the outer skin is crisp and marked a few minutes should do it. Serve immediately. You may also place chicken in a clean foil pan and cover with foil to keep warm until serving., ingredients: [3 pounds chicken leg quarters, 2 12 cups barbecue sauce recommended: Butchs Smack Your Lips Mild BBQ Sauce, 14 cup seasoning rub recommended: Butchs Smack Your Lips Magic Dust, 14 cup apple cider vinegar], title: BBQ Chicken, picturelink: null}, 40282: {instructions: Mix 12 cup vegetable broth, peanut butter, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, chiligarlic sauce and minced garlic in medium bowl to blend well sauce will be thick. Cook noodles in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to the bite, about 6 minutes. Drain. Rinse noodles under cold water and cool. Cut noodles into 4 to 5  inch lengths. Transfer noodles to very large bowl. Toss with oil to coat. Chiffonade bok choy, julienne carrots and slice onions into matchsticksize strips. Sauce, noodles and vegetables can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Cover separately chill. Bring sauce to room temperature before continuing, thinning with additional broth if necessary. Add vegetable strips to noodles. Toss with enough peanut sauce to coat. Sprinkle with peanuts and sesame seeds., ingredients: [12 cup or more canned chicken broth, 1 cup smooth peanut butter, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 112 tablespoons chiligarlic sauce, 5 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup chopped peanuts, 12 ounces dried chow mein udon Asianstyle noodles, 2 tablespoon canola oil, 4 large bok choy leaves, 1 red bell pepper, halved lengthwise, 1 large carrot, peeled, 1 bunch green onions, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds], title: Szechuan Noodles with Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40283: {instructions: Cook burgers according to package directions. Meanwhile, in a mixing bowl, toss together lettuce, mayonnaise, and cilantro until lettuce is evenly coated. In another bowl, stir together avocado and salsa.nCut pita bread across middle in half. Fill each half with lettuce mixture. Insert burgers. Add cheese and avocado mixture. Serve with tortilla chips, if desired., ingredients: [4 MorningStar Farms Spicy Black Bean Veggie Burgers, 2 cups baby romaine lettuce or torn romaine lettuce, 14 cup reducedfat mayonnaise, 4 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 medium avocado, pitted, peeled, chopped, 12 cup tomato salsa, 4 wholewheat pita bread rounds, 12 cup shredded Cheddar cheese with jalapeno peppers or Monterey Jack cheese with jalapeno peppers, 40 baked tortilla chips optional], title: Spicy TexMex Pita Burgers, picturelink: null}, 40284: {instructions: In a blender combine vinegar, mustard, honey, the 14 teaspoon salt, and some fresh ground black pepper. Cover and blend for 30 seconds. With the blender running slowly, add oil in a thin, steady stream. If necessary, stop blender and scrape down sides. In a salad bowl, combine greens, mango, goat cheese, and cranberries. Add mint sprigs, to liking drizzle with dressing. Toss gently to coat. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup rice vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup walnut oil, 1 10ounce package mixed salad greens, 1 mango, seeded, peeled, diced, 1 cup goat cheese Chevre crumbled, 12 cup dried cranberries, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Georges of Tybee Mixed Greens Tossed in Honey Vinaigrette, picturelink: hxTkXJEZs9QlrSmHkVnfAivXTfbh7nO}, 40285: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large nonstick frying pan, heat the oil over moderately high heat. Add the onion and thyme and cook, stirring, until softened and beginning to brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the sweet potatoes, turkey, salt and some pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are beginning to brown, about 3 minutes longer. Add the broth, scraping up any brown bits that may have formed on bottom of pan. Keep warm while poaching the eggs.nFill a saute pan with 1 12 inches of water and the vinegar and bring to a simmer. Break 1 egg into a small bowl and then carefully pour it into the water. Repeat with the remaining eggs spacing them so they do not touch. Poach at a gentle simmer until the whites are firm but the yolks are still runny, 3 to 4 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer the eggs to paper towels and season with salt and pepper.nDivide the hash between 4 plates and top each serving with a poached egg. Serve with hot sauce., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced about 1 cup, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 sweet potatoes, baked for 40 minutes at 400 degrees F, cooled, peeled and diced about 3 cups, 1 12 cups cooked diced HerbRoasted Turkey Breast 4 ounces, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 4 eggs, Hot sauce, for serving], title: Poached Eggs with HerbRoasted Turkey Breast and Sweet Potato Hash, picturelink: GmruJH7cj077qGsF9lqPafLXFe44Zi}, 40286: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the short ribs with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a Dutch oven or ovenproof pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the short ribs and brown on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Transfer the meat to a plate.nAdd the onions, garlic, chopped celery stalks and paprika to the pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions soften, about 4 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until it starts to brown, about 4 minutes. Add 6 cups water and 2 teaspoons salt and stir, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Return the meat to the pot and bring to a simmer. Cover, transfer to the oven and cook 1 hour, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, puree the chopped chard, lemon juice, scallions, celery leaves, 1 12 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth. Remove the pot from the oven stir in the chard puree, beets, carrots, sweet potatoes and sugar. Return the pot to the oven and cook, uncovered, until the meat and vegetables are tender but hold their shape, 1 hour, 30 minutes to 2 hours. Remove the bones from the short ribs skim the fat off the sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle the meat, vegetables and sauce into shallow bowls.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [6 bonein Englishcut beef short ribs about 3 34 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium onions, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 stalks celery, chopped, plus 1 cup chopped celery leaves, 2 tablespoons paprika, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 bunch Swiss chard, leaves chopped, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 5 scallions, roughly chopped, 1 14 pounds beets, peeled and cut into 34inch pieces, 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 34inch pieces, 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 34inch pieces, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: SweetandSour Short Ribs, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 40287: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, make the pesto: Pulse the almonds and garlic in a food processor until finely chopped. Add the parsley, basil and parmesan and pulse until the herbs are chopped, scraping down the side of the processor as needed. With the motor running, drizzle in the olive oil and blend until combined. Transfer to a large bowl stir in the ricotta and olives.nAdd the linguine to the boiling water and cook as the label directs, adding the beans to the pot in the last 2 minutes of cooking. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta and beans. Transfer to the bowl with the pesto and toss to coat. Add the tomatoes and toss to combine, adding the reserved cooking water as needed to loosen. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 13 cup unsalted roasted almonds, 1 clove garlic, 1 12 cups fresh parsley, 1 12 cups fresh basil, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup chopped pitted kalamata olives, 12 ounces linguine, 1 15ounce can cannellini or navy beans, drained and rinsed, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, Freshly ground pepper], title: Linguine With Almond Pesto and Beans, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 40288: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until very soft, but not brown, about 10 minutes. Add the beans and 14 cup reserved liquid from the can and season well with salt and pepper. Raise heat to mediumhigh and continue cooking until beans begin to break down, about 5 minutes. Cool slightly and transfer the mixture to a food processor and puree, drizzling in more reserved liquid, if needed, until it is the consistency of thick hummus. Taste and adjust seasoning.nTransfer to a wide, tall glass and drizzle with additional basil oil before serving.nTo serve, stand the celery stalks upright in the dip. Choose a container thats small enough with high sides to allow the celery to stand upright., ingredients: [14 cup basil flavored olive oil, plus more as needed, 1 small yellow onion, chopped, 1 large clove garlic, chopped, 1 14.5ounce can cannellini beans, drained and liquid reserved, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 6 to 8 celery stalks cut lengthwise into thin strips, about 14inch by 6inches long], title: Celery with Creamy White Beans, picturelink: null}, 40289: {instructions: Place the fennel onto the center of a large piece of aluminum foil. Squeeze the juice from the orange slices over the fennel and put the slices on top. Scatter over the garlic and thyme season with salt and pepper. Drizzle the olive oil over everything. Pull the sides of the foil up and seal. Place on the grill over low heat and let it steam until the fennel is tender, about 35 to 45 minutes. Serve with the pork., ingredients: [5 fennel bulbs, trimmed and sliced 14inch thick, 2 oranges, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 6 garlic cloves, peeled and sliced, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fennel and Oranges Steamed in Foil, picturelink: null}, 40290: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed pan, preferably with a nonstick surface, heat 2 tablespoons oil over high heat. When oil is very hot add chicken, a few pieces at a time, and sear until browned on all sides, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon remove chicken to a plate and continue until all pieces are browned.nAdd remaining oil and onions to pan, reduce heat to mediumhigh and fry 30 minutes until light brown, stirring constantly to prevent burning. Add garlic and ginger and fry 5 minutes. Add cinnamon and cardamom and fry 2 minutes, until spices are puffed and beginning to brown. Add turmeric and cayenne and stir rapidly 15 seconds. Return chicken to pan and stir in tomatoes, salt and 2 cups boiling water. Reduce heat to a simmer, cover and cook about 45 minutes, until chicken is tender and gravy has thickened. Check frequently, and add a little water if sauce is evaporating too quickly. Turn off heat and let dish rest, covered at least 1 hour, preferably 2. When ready to serve, reheat, fold in cumin and cilantro, and adjust seasonings if needed., ingredients: [2 3pound chickens, cut into servingsize pieces, skinned, 10 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 cups thinly sliced onions, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons finely chopped ginger, 2 cinnamon sticks, 8 cardamom pods, 1 tablespoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 2 cups canned crushed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon ground roasted cumin seeds or ground cumin, 3 to 4 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves], title: Chicken Curry Adapted from Julie Sahni Classic Indian Cooking, picturelink: null}, 40291: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 craft or wooden pop sticksnCombine chocolate, cinnamon, and oil in a medium heatproof bowl and set over a pot of simmering water. Stir until mixture is evenly melted and smooth, about 5 minutes. Set aside to slightly cool and thicken, about 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, line a baking sheet with aluminum foil, parchment paper, or a silicone baking mat and insert sticks lengthwise into the center of each banana. Place toasted coconut in a shallow plate.nWhen chocolate is ready, tilt the bowl, and, working one at a time, dip the bananas evenly into the chocolate mixture. Tilt and turn to coat the banana evenly. Tilt banana so excess chocolate can drip back into the bowl.nWhen chocolate is just set, roll banana in the toasted coconut and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Repeat to coat all the bananas. Place bananas in freezer to set up, at least 20 minutes., ingredients: [9 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 6 medium bananas, peeled and halved crosswise, 2 cups toasted flaked coconut], title: Mexican Chocolate Frozen Bananas, picturelink: zneIfnWSQpEHvnIP6RSr28XzfyF5l96}, 40292: {instructions: Special equipment: 6cup muffin tinnPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, beat the eggs to a homogeneous mixture. Whisk in the milk, cream, gruyere and cayenne. Sprinkle the mixture with salt. Toss in the herbs and bread and let sit for 1 hour. Spray the muffin tin with nonstick spray and divide the creambread mixture into 6 individual portions. Place the muffin tin on a sheet tray and bake for 30 to 35 minutes. Check halfway through the baking process and rotate the tray.nLet the puddings rest for 10 minutes before serving. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [6 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 34 cup finely grated gruyere cheese, Pinch cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 14 cup finely chopped fresh herbs I like a mixture of parsley, oregano and chives, 3 cups dayold bread, some of the crusts removed if you are a crust person leave it all and cut into 12inch chunks, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Herbed Bread Pudding, picturelink: CFQV6ExeYUP7lAheEkfTFDoxRDQk8lq}, 40293: {instructions: Mix together the olive oil, garlic and lemon juice in a large shallow pan or baking dish. Add the chickens and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours or up to 4 hours. Preheat a gas or charcoal grill to medium high. Remove each chicken from the marinade and shake off any excess discard the used marinade. Loosen the skin around the breast, and place 1 lemon slice and 4 basil leaves on each breast. Stretch the skin over them, and secure with toothpicks if too loose. Season the chickens with salt and pepper. Grill skinside down until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn over and continue grilling until cooked through, turning occasionally, 15 to 20 minutes. Place on a large serving platter.nNOTE: To butterfly a chicken, split it down the backbone with a sharp knife, and open it out flat., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 8 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 12 cup fresh lemon juice 2 to 3 lemons, 4 chickens 2 12 pounds each butterflied see Note, 8 lemon slices, 32 basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Butterflied Chicken with Lemon, Garlic and Basil, picturelink: null}, 40294: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the mustard and vinegar. Slowly whisk in the oils. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside. Whisk again when ready to serve.nIn a small skillet, heat the olive oil. Season the diced artichokes lightly with salt and pepper and saute until al dente, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and let cool.nBlanch the carrots and beans by placing each into a fine mesh basket. Set the basket into a pot of boiling salted water and cook until al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Plunge onto cold water to stop the cooking process. Drain, cool, and add to the artichokes. Add the onion, radicchio, corn and celery.nWhen ready to serve, dice the avocado and the tomato and add to the other vegetables. Reserving a little vinaigrette, toss the vegetables with the vinaigrette, sprinkle with the grated cheese, and toss again. Correct seasoning, to taste.nToss the greens with the reserved vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nDivide the salad greens among 4 salad plates. Mound the chopped salad on the greens and serve immediately.nNote: You can be creative as to the vegetables you want to include or exclude in your salad. For example, you can use baby peas in season, or diced Chinese pea pods, or diced Italian squash, etc., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup almond or safflower oil, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup diced fresh artichoke bottoms, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 12 cup diced carrots, 12 cup diced green beans, 12 cup diced red onion, 12 cup diced radicchio, 12 cup fresh corn kernels, 12 cup diced celery, 12 cup diced ripe avocado, 14 cup peeled, seeded, and chopped tomato, 4 teaspoons grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup mixed greens of your choice curly endive, chicory, baby lettuce, cut or torn into bitesize pieces], title: Chino Chopped Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 40295: {instructions: Char the chiles.nTurn a gas burner on high. Char the chiles on the burner grate, turning with tongs Marcela is a pro and uses her hands, until blackened all over. Or char the chiles under the broiler.nLet them soften.nTransfer the charred chiles to a heavyduty resealable plastic bag and close. Let stand 10 minutes. The chiles will steam in the bag, making them soft and easy to peel.nRemove the skin.nGently rub the chiles with paper towels to remove as much skin as possible. Its okay if a few flecks remaintheyll add flavor, so dont rinse them off.nOpen the chiles.nUsing a paring knife, make a slit across the top of a chile just below the stem, leaving the stem intact. Starting from the middle of the slit, slice lengthwise down to the tip of the pepper cut through only one layer. Open the chile like a book and pull out the seeds and inner membranes. You may need to use a paring knife to loosen the top of the seedpod. Repeat with the remaining chiles.nPrepare the sauce.nPuree the tomatoes, onion and garlic in a blender until smooth. Warm the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the tomato puree and simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally the sauce will be brothy. Season with salt and pepper and keep warm.nMake the filling.nPlace the cheese in a bowl, then add the oregano, crumbling and rubbing it with your fingers to release its flavor. Season the mixture with salt and pepper.nStuff the chiles.nFill each chile with about 14 cup cheese mixture. Fold in the sides to cover the filling, then thread 2 toothpicks across the seam to form an X. You will probably need to make a second toothpick X to secure each chile so the filling doesnt leak out when you fry.nMix the batter.nBeat the egg whites with a mixer on high speed until soft peaks form. Add the egg yolk and beat 3 more minutes.nBatter and fry.nHeat about 1 inch vegetable oil in a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F.nDredge: Pour flour into a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. One at a time, coat the stuffed chiles with the flour.nBatter: Holding each chile by the stem, lower it into the egg batter to cover completely. Let any excess batter drip off.nFry: Add the chiles to the hot oil, 1 or 2 at a time fry, flipping once with tongs, until golden, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels.nEatnPlace a fried chile on each plate and pour the warm sauce over it. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by David Tsay, ingredients: [6 poblano chile peppers, 5 plum tomatoes, cored and coarsely chopped, 12 small white onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups shredded monterey jack cheese, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 3 large egg whites plus 1 egg yolk, at room temperature, Vegetable oil, for frying, Allpurpose flour, for dredging], title: Chiles Rellenos, picturelink: ies0bNEma8KTCAtkyQKXEnVR3NCIl.}, 40296: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the rice according to the package directions. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil and add the tomatoes, garlic and onions. Stir and cook for a minute or 2. Add 2 teaspoons of the chili powder, 1 teaspoon of the paprika and 1 teaspoon of the cumin. Stir and cook the mixture for another minute or 2 in order to release the flavors. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and set aside.nIn the same skillet, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Add the chicken along with the remaining 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon cumin and some salt and pepper and cook until the chicken is deep golden brown and done in the middle, 4 to 5 minutes. Add 1 cup water and stir to make a sauce. Allow the sauce to boil until reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Stir in the pinto and kidney beans and set aside.nTo assemble, pour half of the jar of salsa verde about a cup in the bottom of a 9by13inch casserole dish or disposable foil baking pan. Layer half of the tortillas on top of the salsa verde, overlapping the edges. Spoon the rice over the tortillas, spread the tomato mixture over the rice then sprinkle the corn over the tomatoes. Next, add the chicken and bean mixture, then sprinkle on half the cheese and pour over half the Enchilada Sauce. Next, add the remaining tortillas in a layer, pour on the rest of the salsa verde and Enchilada Sauce and sprinkle on the rest of the cheese.nCover the casserole with aluminum foil and bake for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and continue baking until hot and bubbly, 15 to 20 minutes. Allow the casserole to sit for a few minutes before serving up to ensure it holds together. Serve with sour cream and cilantro for topping.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the peppers, onions and garlic and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the chili powder, cumin, cayenne, bouillon cube and some salt and pepper and cook until the spices darken and their flavors are released, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour, stir to combine and cook it for another minute. Add the stock and stir to combine, then allow the liquid to thicken. Add the tomato sauce and 1 12 cups water and bring to a boil. Cook until the sauce is nice and thick and reduced by about a third, 5 to 10 minutes.nAllow the sauce to cool slightly, then use an immersion blender to completely puree the sauce until smooth. Alternatively, you can transfer it to a blender to puree it just make sure the sauce is cooled, as blending hot liquids is dangerousnThe sauce will keep in the refrigerator for up to a week and can also be frozen Just reheat the sauce in a saucepan or skillet for whatever recipe calls for it., ingredients: [1 12 cups rice, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups diced tomatoes 5 to 7 tomatoes, depending on size, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large onion, diced, 4 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons cumin, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into bitesized pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 15ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, One 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, One 16ounce jar salsa verde, 12 to 18 flour tortillas or corn tortillas, depending on size, One 11ounce can corn, drained, 1 12 pounds grated Cheddar jack cheese, 1 recipe Enchilada Sauce, recipe follows, or 2 cups storebought red enchilada sauce, Sour cream, for serving, Chopped fresh cilantro, for serving, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped red bell peppers, 14 cup finely chopped onions, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 beef, chicken or tomato bouillon cube, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup chicken stock, One 15ounce can tomato sauce], title: Chicken Tortilla Casserole, picturelink: H1Ix3Qkp.eU23xhoTOpUHhi7.Pu8ca}, 40297: {instructions: Place strawberries and simple syrup into a blender. Strain strawberry mixture. Pour into glasses and top with Champagne. Garnish each with a longstemmed strawberry.nBring sugar and water to a boil. Simmer until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and allow to cool., ingredients: [1 pint strawberries, stemmed, plus 8 longstemmed strawberries, for garnish, 2 tablespoons simple syrup, recipe follows, Champagne, 2 parts sugar, 2 parts water], title: Strawberry Bellini, picturelink: DQa2d6xURYmYT2pxbjnAA4sZhwHIHm}, 40298: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn 2 13 by 9inch pans place tomato halves cut side up. Sprinkle with oil, salt and pepper, onion, garlic, and herbs. Bake tomatoes for 2 hours. Check the tomatoes after 1 hour and turn down the heat if they seem to be cooking too quickly. Then turn the oven to 400 degrees and bake another 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and process tomatoes through a food mill on medium dye setting over a small saucepan. Discard skins. Add white wine, bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and cook for 5 minutes., ingredients: [20 Roma tomatoes, halved and seeded, 14 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup finely diced onion, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon finely chopped oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped thyme leaves, 1 cup white wine], title: Tomato Sauce, picturelink: 2URUkAyrmIPHZZ1v8Rf8hwhoFbju}, 40299: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 4 8ounce ramekins and lightly coat with breadcrumbs.n2. Soak the sundried tomatoes in the water until soft. Remove the tomatoes and coarsely chop. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs and soaking water, and add the breadcrumbs. Set aside.n3. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, followed by the onions. Cook until brown, stirring frequently, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic, mushrooms, and sundried tomatoes and cook until the liquid from the mushrooms has evaporated, about 15 minutes. Stir in 1 12 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Transfer the vegetables to a large bowl to cool.n4. Add the breadcrumb mixture and the grated cheese to the vegetables and mix well with your hands. Evenly distribute the mixture among the coated ramekins. Place on a baking sheet and bake for 30 minutes. Let cool slightly, then run a knife around the edges of the ramekins.n5. Toss the spinach in a hot skillet just until wilted and divide among 4 serving plates. Invert the meatloaf onto the spinach. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 1 cup breadcrumbs, plus more for coating ramekins, 4 ounces sundried tomatoes, 1 cup warm water, 2 eggs, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound mix of portobello and cremini mushrooms, trimmed and finely chopped in a food processor, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 ounces Cheddar, grated, 8 ounces baby spinach leaves, for serving], title: Veggie Meatloaf with Mushrooms and SunDried Tomatoes, picturelink: cQoa9vqgsuE0nxGyK2s7NN9fHH966a}, 40300: {instructions: Combine the potatoes, Creole seasoning, thyme, bay leaves, garlic, lemons, boil seasonings bag and onion with 6 quarts cold water in a 14quart or larger pot with a colander insert. Cover and bring to a boil reduce to a simmer and cook 10 minutes.nAdd the andouille and corn to the pot. Cover and simmer an additional 15 minutes. Add the crawfish, cover again and cook 10 minutes. Add the shrimp and stir to combine. Cover and cook for 4 to 5 minutes more. Carefully strain the seafood, sausage and vegetables and serve on a large table covered with newspaper. Season with salt or additional Creole seasoning., ingredients: [1 pound purple, red and white fingerling potatoes, 12 cup Creole seasoning, plus more for serving, optional, 10 thyme sprigs, separated, 4 fresh bay leaves, 2 heads garlic, tough outer skins removed and halved lengthwise, 2 lemons, halved, 1 bag crawfish, shrimp or crab boil seasonings, such as Zatarainu00bfs, 1 yellow onion, peeled and quartered, 1 pound andouille sausage, cut into 1inch slices on the bias, 2 ears yellow or white corn, cut into thirds, 2 pounds live crawfish, rinsed, 1 pound 2630 count Gulf white shrimp, peel on and deveined, Kosher salt], title: Creole Crawfish and Shrimp Boil, picturelink: lmeQQlphaqIUkQP2HfsiTK2xTktIPK}, 40301: {instructions: Prepare the sauce: Combine heavy cream with garlic and anchovies. Boil this down until it gets thickapproximately 1 hour. If it seems too thick, thin it out with water, chicken stock or more cream.nCut the fillet into scallops and salt evenly on both sides. Allow them to sit for a half hour so that they will drain. After a half hour, dry off the liquid and brush off salt. Nick all around the edges of the fillets with a sharp knife. This allows the fillets to stay flat and cook more evenly.nHeat the clarified butter in a saute pan. Coat fillets with instant or granulated flour, and then saute in clarified butter. The fillets should develop a crunch on the outside.nLightly steam the spinach and place on a plate. Dry off fillets on a towel and place them on a nest of spinach.nCombine the minced tomatoes and the sherry vinegar and place the mixture on top of the fish.nDrizzle cream sauce on top of the tomato concasse and then drape sauce around the plate.nWine: A young, fruity Saint Amour Beaujolais from Georges DuBeouf, ingredients: [2 12 cups heavy cream, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 5 flat anchovy fillets, chopped, 1 pound monkfish fillet about 3 inches wide, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup clarified butter, Instant or granulated flour, 12 ounces fresh spinach, 2 medium tomatoes 12 pound, finely minced, 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar], title: Monkfish with Spinach, picturelink: null}, 40302: {instructions: Place the rum, orange, and lime juices, and plenty of cracked ice in a shaker, and shake vigorously to combine. Strain into a tumbler filled with ice, and top with the ginger beer. Serve with the orange wedge as garnish., ingredients: [2 ounces dark rum, 2 ounces fresh orange juice, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, 4 ounces ginger beer, Orange wedge, for garnish], title: Slippery Fish, picturelink: null}, 40303: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Combine cookie crumbs and butter in small bowl press firmly into bottom of 9inch springform pan.nBEAT cream cheese in large bowl until fluffy. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk until smooth. Add eggs, flour and vanilla mix well. Divide batter in half. Add chocolate to one half of batter mix well. Pour into prepared pan. Top evenly with vanilla batter.nBAKE 50 to 55 minutes or until center is set. Cool. Top with Chocolate Glaze. Chill.nCHOCOLATE GLAZE:nMELT chocolate with cream in small saucepan over low heat. Cook and stir until thickened and smooth. Remove from heat spread over cheesecake. Makes about 13 cup recipe can be doubled, if desired, for thicker glaze., ingredients: [1 12 cups finely crushed cremefilled chocolate sandwich cookies about 18 cookies, 3 tbsps. butter, melted, 4 8 oz. pkgs. cream cheese, softened, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 4 large eggs, 13 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 tbsp. vanilla extract, 2 1 oz. squares semisweet chocolate, melted, CHOCOLATE GLAZE:, 2 1 oz. squares semisweet chocolate, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Triple Chocolate and Vanilla Cheesecake, picturelink: 4qVcOKqDJcWMkfoyYb57JiJ18pgsNa6}, 40304: {instructions: Heat 1 inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. Place 1 pound of semisweet chocolate in the top half of the double boiler. Tightly cover the top with plastic wrap. Allow to heat for 12 minutes. remove from the heat and allow to stand for 5 minutes before removing the plastic wrap. Use a rubber spatula or whisk to stir until smooth, and continue to stir until the temperature of the chocolate is reduced to 90 degrees Fahrenheit.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Place the grapes in a stainless steel bowl. Pour the melted chocolate over the grapes. Use a fork to transfer the chocolatedrenched grapes, one at a time, onto the parchment paperlined baking sheets. Refrigerate the chocolatedrenched grapes for 10 to 15 minutes, until the chocolate has hardened. Transfer the grapes to the center of a large serving platter and refrigerate. Heat 1 inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. Place 1 pound of semisweet chocolate in the top half of the double boiler. Tightly cover with plastic wrap. Allow to heat for 12 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to stand for 5 minutes before removing the plastic wrap. Use a rubber spatula or whisk to stir the chocolate until smooth, and continue to stir until the temperature of the chocolate is reduced to 90 degrees. One at a time, dip 34 to 1inch of each dried fruit into the melted chocolate. Allow excess chocolate to drip into the top half of the double boiler before placing the drenched fruit onto parchment paperlined baking sheets. Refrigerate the chocolatedrenched fruit for 10 to 15 minutes, until the chocolate has hardened. Transfer the chocolatecovered fruit to the large serving platter, arrange the fruit near the outside edge of the platter, and return to the refrigerator. Place 12 pound of semisweet chocolate in the top half of the double boiler. Proceed as in above method.nHolding the strawberries by the stem end, dip 34 to 1inch of each berry, one at a time, into the melted chocolate. Allow excess chocolate to drip into the bowl before placing the drenched strawberries onto the parchment paperlined baking sheets. Refrigerate the chocolatedrenched berries for 10 to 15 minutes, until the chocolate has hardened. Transfer the chocolatecovered berries to the serving platter, placing them in between the grapes and the dried fruit, and return to the refrigerator.nKeep the drenched fruit refrigerated until 10 to 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 12 pounds semisweet chocolate, chopped into 14inch pieces, 1 pound red seedless grapes, stemmed, washed and dried, 34 pound dried pineapple slices, 34 pound dried peach halves, 34 pound dried pear halves, 2 pints strawberries with stems, lightly rinsed and dried], title: Chocolate Drenched Fruit, picturelink: null}, 40305: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large 10 to 12inch saute pan. Add the potatoes, onions, salt, and pepper and cook over mediumlow heat for 15 to 20 minutes, turning occasionally with a flat spatula, until the potatoes are evenly browned and cooked through. Allow the potatoes to cook for 5 minutes before turning. Turn off the heat and add the parsley and scallions. Serve hot., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds boiling potatoes, peeled and 12inch diced, 1 12 cups chopped yellow onions 2 onions, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons minced scallions white and green parts], title: Hashed Browns, picturelink: YMaGmekpv2vUBE95Jb2Bi1ANsxkiny}, 40306: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometer a pastry bag and a thin tipnFor the filling: Combine the mascarpone, lemon curd and lemon zest and juice in a bowl. Mix until smooth. Cover and chill for 30 minutes and up to 24 hours. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a thin tip.nFor the sauce: Combine the blueberries, granulated sugar and 14 cup water in a saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat so the mixture just simmers, and cook until the berries break down and the sauce thickens, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth. Add the lemon juice, transfer to a bowl and let cool while you make the doughnuts.nFor the doughnuts: Heat the oil in a Dutch oven until it registers 360 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Put a rack on a baking sheet. Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Cut in the butter using your fingers or a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk and mix gently until a dough just begins to come together.nRoll the dough into a square about 12inch thick. Cut the dough into 1inch pieces and roll into balls. Working in batches so the doughnuts have plenty of space to float in, fry the dough balls until golden brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes. Use a slotted spoon or spider to transfer the doughnuts to the rack. Let cool slightly. Pipe some lemon cream into each doughnut and then roll in confectioners sugar. Serve immediately with blueberry sauce on the side for dipping., ingredients: [12 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup lemon curd, Grated zest of 1 lemon, plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 pint blueberries, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 6 cups canola oil, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus for dusting, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 cups cold buttermilk, 12 cup heavy cream, Confectioners sugar, for rolling], title: Biscuit Doughnuts with Lemon Cream Filling and Blueberry Sauce, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 40307: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the annatto seeds, vinegar, olive oil, oregano, coriander, cumin, black pepper, chiles and garlic in a food processor. Blend until smooth. Rub the paste all over the pork shoulder. Lay one banana leave in the bottom of a deep hotel pan, then place the rubbed pork on top. Add the orange and lime juices, then add the salt. Lay the remaining banana leaf over top. Cover with foil and cook in the oven for 5 to 6 hours.nRemove the pork and allow to cool. Remove the fat and bone and shred the meat. Then serve while hot, its ready to eat., ingredients: [12 cup ground annatto seed, 12 cup white vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup Mexican oregano, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 2 habanero chiles, 2 heads peeled garlic, 10 to 12 pound bonein pork shoulder, 2 large banana leaves, 1 gallon orange juice, 2 cups lime juice, 12 cup salt], title: Yucatan Style Pork Shoulder, picturelink: null}, 40308: {instructions: Cut the steak into 2 even pieces and place in a sealable plastic bag or container. Place the olive oil, cilantro, basil, parsley, lime juice, garlic, and 1 tablespoon salt in a blender and mix until smooth. Reserve 12 cup of the herboil mixture and refrigerate. Add the remaining mixture to the meat, distribute evenly, and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice ciabatta loaf lengthwise and remove excess bread from inside, if desired.nRemove the meat from the marinade discard marinade. Place on a paper towel, wiping off any excess marinade. Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat and add 1 tablespoon canola oil. Once the pan is hot, add meat and cook until mediumrare, about 4 to 5 minutes per side, depending on thickness. Place meat on a cutting board and cover with foil. Repeat with other piece of meat, only adding more oil if necessary.nPlace bread directly on oven rack and toast, about 5 minutes.nHeat remaining tablespoon of oil in the grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook until just beginning to brown but still crisp, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and season with salt, to taste.nTake the reserved herboil mixture and brush the inside of both halves of bread. Slice steak thinly on the bias and place on the bottom half of the bread. Top with onions and then remaining bread. Slice into quarters and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds flank steak, 1 cup olive oil, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 5 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 14inch loaf ciabatta bread, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced], title: Cuban Steak Sandwiches, picturelink: q4Q7VZGJZpTv9YPYjuNgOv3ISR22YkO}, 40309: {instructions: Bring 4 quarts of salted water to a boil in a large pot for cooking the pasta.nCore and cut the tomatoes into 12inch cubes. Toss the tomatoes with the oil, garlic, salt and hot red pepper flakes in a bowl large enough to hold the cooked pasta.nWash and dry the herbs. Keep small leaves whole and tear larger leaves especially basil into several pieces. Stir the herbs into the tomato mixture. Taste for salt and hot pepper and adjust seasonings if necessary.nWhile preparing the sauce, cook and drain the pasta. Toss the hot pasta with the tomato sauce. Mix well and transfer portions to pasta bowls. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Best pasta choice: spaghetti or other long, very thin shape, 4 medium ripe tomatoes about 1 12 pounds, 14 cup olive oil, 2 medium cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes or to taste, 1 cup tightly packed mixed fresh herbs, 1 pound pasta], title: Spicy Raw Tomato Sauce with Mixed Herbs and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 40310: {instructions: In a blender, blend the Meyer lemon juice and cucumber together, creating cucumber water. Strain the liquid through a fine mesh strainer to remove any seeds.nPlace 12 cup water into a saucepan and add the sugar and lavender. Bring the mixture to a simmer to dissolve the sugar and infuse the simple syrup with the lavender flavor. Then set aside to cool.nOnce the syrup is cool, remove the lavender sprigs and mix the syrup into the cucumber water. Add in the Meyer lemon zest and then pour the mixture into a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish. Place the dish into the freezer to chill. Every 30 minutes, scrape the mixture with a fork to break up the ice crystals and to keep it light and fluffy. Continue scraping every 30 minutes for at least 2 hours.nScrape the granita into elegant glasses and sprinkle with fleur de sel., ingredients: [14 cup fresh Meyer lemon juice, 6 cups roughly chopped English cucumber about 2 pounds, 12 cup sugar, 6 sprigs lavender, 1 Meyer lemon, zested, Fleur de sel, for garnish], title: Cucumber, Meyer Lemon and Lavender Granita, picturelink: null}, 40311: {instructions: Go to the best cheese shop in town and ask the person at the counter which cheeses are ready to serve. Taste everything they expect you to. We all know that the Brie may look terrific, but it can be underripe and tough or overripe and ammoniated. You want only the freshest cheeses that are perfectly ripened. Take them home, refrigerate them, and then bring them to room temperature a few hours before serving.nSecond, be sure to have a platter or wooden board that is flat and large enough to hold the cheeses without crowding them. Arrange the cheeses with the cut sides facing out, and with several small cheese knives, maybe one for each type of cheese.nThird, to finish the platter, add sliced breads or crackers, and green leaves. I use either lemon or galax leaves, which you can get from your florist. If you have a garden, any large flat leaf like hydrangea looks beautiful, but be sure they arent poisonous and are pesticidefreenOverall, the simpler the design, the better the platter looks. Group each kind of cheese together and add one large bunch of green or red grapes in the center to create a visual focal point. Fill in the spaces with lots of crackers or small slices of bread., ingredients: [French Camembert, Le Chevrot a sharp goat cheese, Rondin with herbs a creamy goat cheese, Montagnolo a creamy blue cheese.], title: Cheese Platter, picturelink: null}, 40312: {instructions: In small bowl, mix sour cream, 1 sliced green onion and 1 tablespoon of the ranch dip mix. In another small bowl, mix salsa, preserves and 1 tablespoon of the cilantro.nHeat closed mediumsize contact grill for 5 minutes spray grill plates with Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray. Meanwhile, in medium bowl, mix chicken, cheese, bacon and remaining green onions, cilantro and ranch dip mix.nSeparate dough into 8 biscuits press or roll each into 5inch round. Place 14 cup chicken mixture on one side of each biscuit round. Fold biscuit over filling press edges to seal.nPlace biscuits, two at a time, on grill close grill. Cook 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown. Cut each quesadilla into 3 wedges. Serve with sour cream and salsa mixtures., ingredients: [1 container 8 oz sour cream, 4 green onions, thinly sliced 4 tablespoons, 1 package 1 oz ranch dip mix, 1 cup chunkystyle salsa, 14 cup Smuckersu00ae Peach Preserves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 14 lb sliced roasted chicken from deli, chopped, 34 cup shredded Mexican cheese blend or crumbled queso blanco cheese 3 oz, 8 slices precooked bacon, chopped, 1 can 16.3 oz Pillsburyu00ae Grandsu00ae Homestyle refrigerated buttermilk biscuits 8 biscuits], title: Grands ChickenBacon Quesadillas, picturelink: utPIpN1YbNOfisfeiR2qvssFs8R8JLq}, 40313: {instructions: Combine 1 14 cups flour, 1 12 cups cornmeal, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon baking soda. Whisk 2 14 cups buttermilk, 2 eggs, 12 stick melted butter and 1 tablespoon chopped pickled jalapenos stir into the flour mixture. Pour into a buttered, cornmealdusted 9inch castiron skillet top with sliced fresh jalapenos. Bake at 450 degrees F, 20 to 25 minutes.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: Jalapeno Cornbread, picturelink: moJUPVNF4LKTxE6Odq41mramNhR1C}, 40314: {instructions: Bring some hot water to a boil and pour into a hot toddy glass or mug with the ginger tea bag. Let steep for 5 minutes. Add the whiskey, mead and honey to taste. Garnish with lemon peel and serve warm., ingredients: [1 ginger tea bag, 1 12 ounces whiskey, 1 ounce mead, Honey, for sweetening, Lemon peel, for garnish], title: Home Sweet Homer, picturelink: null}, 40315: {instructions: Place all ingredients except chives into medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. Cook for 2030 minutes or until potatoes can be easily smashed against side of pot with wooden spoon. Remove thyme and bay leaf, and puree with immersion blender until very smooth. Serve in bowls with chives sprinkled on top., ingredients: [3 Yukon Gold potatoes, about 1 pound, peeled and cut into 1inch dice, 34 thick leeks, white and light green parts only, cleaned and sliced thin, 1 quart water, 1 bay leaf, 3 sprigs of thyme, tied together, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 bunch chives, sliced thin, about 12 cup], title: Potato Leek Soup, picturelink: null}, 40316: {instructions: To make the crust: Grease a 13 by 9inch metal baking pan, then line with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on both ends, and grease foil.nFollow recipe for basic butter cookies to make dough do not chill, then press dough evenly onto bottom of baking pan, using plastic wrap on top to prevent dough from sticking to your fingers, and chill until firm, about 20 minutes.nWhile crust chills, put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBake crust until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Cool in pan on a rack 20 minutes. Leave oven on.nTo make topping while crust cools: Cook sugar in a 2 12 to 3quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, undisturbed, until it begins to melt. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally with a fork, until sugar is melted to a deep golden caramel. Tilt pan and carefully pour in cream caramel will harden and steam vigorously. Cook over moderately low heat, stirring, until caramel is dissolved. Remove from heat and stir in butter, vanilla, salt, and pecans.nImmediately spread topping over cooled crust and bake until bubbling, about 20 minutes. Cool completely in pan on rack, about 2 hours.nRun a heavy knife under hot water, then wipe dry and cut confection into 2inch triangles, diamonds, or squares. Caramel pecan cookies keep, layered between sheets of waxed paper or parchment, in an airtight container at room temperature 1 week.nWhisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a small bowl.nBeat together butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at mediumhigh speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes in a standing mixer preferably fitted with paddle attachment or 6 with a handheld. Beat in egg and vanilla. Reduce speed to low, then add flour mixture and mix until just combined., ingredients: [Ingredients for Basic Butter Cookies, recipe follows, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups pecans 12 pound, toasted, cooled, and coarsely chopped, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Caramel Pecan Cookies, picturelink: null}, 40317: {instructions: Add the olive oil, capers, basil, shallots, tomatoes, lemon juice, onions, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 1 12 teaspoons pepper to a medium bowl and stir to thoroughly combine. Refrigerate until ready to use, at least 1 hour and up to overnight.nPosition an oven rack at least 4 inches but no more than 6 inches from the broiler and preheat the broiler.nPlace the fish fillets on a baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Place under the broiler and cook until done on one side watch carefully, as it may only take a couple minutes depending on the thickness of your fillets and the proximity to the broiler. Remove from the broiler and turn each fillet over. Top each fillet with about 12 cup of the sauce. Return to the broiler and cook until the fish is done on the other side and fully cooked through in the middle. If you are unsure about doneness, cut into the center of the fillets the fish should be opaque you can cover up the cut with the sauce., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, One 8ounce jar capers, drained, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 5 shallots, chopped, 5 tomatoes, chopped, 2 lemons, juiced, 12 Spanish onion, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 fish fillets of your choice], title: Fish Matecumbe, picturelink: W1v3zn1IpT5hptVDE9OqloQ4Uyd2Pbq}, 40318: {instructions: Heat a grill pan or outdoor grill to high. Place shrimp in shallow dish. Sprinkle garlic over shrimp. Drizzle shrimp with extravirgin olive oil and season with salt, pepper and crushed red pepper. Grill 2 minutes on each side, until pink and opaque and head curls towards tail. Squeeze the juice of 12 lemon over shrimp and remove to platter to cool.nIn food processor, coarsely chop the giardiniera vegetables. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the lemon juice, parsley, tomato, and pepper until well combined. To serve, place 2 shrimp in a bibb lettuce leaf and sprinkle some gazpacho sauce over them. Roll them up like a miniburrito and enjoy, ingredients: [16 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, ask for EasyPeels at fish counter, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 lemon, juiced, plus 12 lemon, juiced, 1 cup giardiniera, pickled hot pepper, cauliflower salad, found in jars with Italian foods aisle, A handful flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 1 vineripe tomato, seeded and chopped, A few grinds coarse black pepper, 8 large bibb lettuce leaves outer leaves, about 1 head], title: Grilled Jumbo Shrimp and Pickled Gazpacho Rollups, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 40319: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat milk, vanilla bean, and seed scrapings. Bring to a gentle boil, cover, and remove from heat. Steep for 30 minutes.nCombine egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Beat at mediumhigh speed until very thick and pale yellow, 3 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, return milk to a simmer.nRemove vanilla bean from hot milk. Add half the milk to eggyolk mixture, and whisk until blended. Stir into remaining milk, and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is thick enough to coat a spoon.nRemove from heat, and immediately stir in cream. Pass mixture through a strainer into a medium bowl, set over an ice bath so that it begins to chill. Stir in vanilla extract, then freeze in an icecream maker, following manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and scraped, 5 large egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Worlds Best Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 40320: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two 8inch round cake pans, line the bottoms with parchment paper, butter the parchment and dust with flour, tapping out excess.nWhisk the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt together in a large bowl. Whisk the melted butter, buttermilk, egg, vanilla and 12 cup water together in another bowl until smooth. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients, whisking until just combined. Divide the batter between the prepared cake pans, smoothing the tops. Bake, rotating the pans halfway through cooking, until a toothpick inserted in the center of each cake comes out clean, about 25 minutes.nTransfer the cakes to a rack and let cool 15 minutes. Invert the cakes on the rack, discard the parchment paper then flip the cakes rightsideup again. Move the rack with the cakes over a baking sheet and let the cakes cool completely.nMake the raspberry mousse: In a small saucepan, mash the raspberries with the sugar and salt and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, stirring often, until thickened and jammy, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, press the raspberry mixture through a sieve into the bowl of a food processor and let cool completely.nCombine the gelatin with 1 tablespoon cold water in a small bowl and let stand for 5 minutes to soften. Heat the gelatin in the microwave until it melts completely, about 10 seconds, stirring to dissolve. Add the gelatin mixture, cream cheese and sour cream to the food processor and process until smooth. Scrape the mixture into a bowl and refrigerate, checking every 5 minutes, until the mousse is just set enough to spread, 5 to 15 minutes. Do not let the mousse firm up too much.nPlace one cake layer on a cake stand and pile the raspberry mousse in the center, spreading it in a thick layer almost to the edge. Top with the remaining cake, aligning the layers directly on top of each other so the cake does not lean. Refrigerate the assembled cake for 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the chocolate ganache: Bring the cream to a simmer in a small saucepan then remove from heat. Add the chocolate, shaking the pan gently to submerge it. Allow the pan to stand, off the heat, for 3 minutes to melt the chocolate. Whisk the ganache smooth, then refrigerate until it is just thick enough to spread like mayonnaise, about 5 minutes. Do not let the ganache harden too much.nStir the ganache again and scoop it on top of the cake, spreading it over the top and sides. Refrigerate the cake until the ganache is set, at least 2 hours or overnight., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, plus more for the pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, plus more for the pan, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 14 cups about 5 ounces frozen raspberries, thawed, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, One 14ounce packet unflavored powdered gelatin, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 1 pound 16 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped or white chocolate chips, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Chocolate RaspberryMousse Candy Cake, picturelink: TZUiV.Aheo55siIDbo1zGMBbv707KK}, 40321: {instructions: Carefully flatten the breasts with the smooth side of a meat mallet, in between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Place 1 sage leaf and 1 slice of prosciutto on each chicken breast and spear them onto the breast with a wooden toothpick. In a large frying pan, melt 1 tablespoon of butter. Add the breasts and panfry 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Lightly season the breasts with salt and pepper. Remove breasts from pan and keep warm.nDilute the pan juices with 14 cup white wine and bring to a rapid boil. With a heat resistant whisk, dissolve 1 tablespoon of butter into the sauce. Season with salt and pepper and return the breast to the pan and heat them up quickly.nServe on a preheated platter and drizzle with the pan juices.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 4 sage leaves, fully grown, 4 slices prociutto ham, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup dry white wine], title: Saltimbocca alla Romana, picturelink: null}, 40322: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan, with a tightfitting lid, over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, pepper, and annatto, and cook, stirring, until somewhat soft, about 2 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until toasted, about 2 minutes more. Add water, salt, and bay leaf and bring to a boil. Wrap the lid tightly with a kitchen towel. Cover the rice, lower the heat to a simmer, cook for 20 minutes.nRemove the rice from the heat and set aside, covered, for 10 minutes. Remove the lid and fluff the rice with a fork. Serve with the black beans.nPut the beans in a large saucepan, add the water and bay leaf, and bring to a boil. Set aside, covered, for 1 hour.nReturn the beans to a boil, lower the heat to a simmer, cook uncovered, for 1 12 hours.nHeat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and peppers and cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, cumin, oregano, and coriander and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute more. Add the onion mixture to the beans and continue simmering until the beans are very tender and the liquid has thickened, about 1 12 hours more.nIf the beans seem too thick, adjust the consistency with a little bit of water. Stir in the vinegar, season with the salt, cayenne, and pepper to taste. Serve.nYield: about 4 side dish servings, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, chopped, 12 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 teaspoon ground annatto seed, 1 12 cups longgrain rice, preferably not converted, 2 12 cups water, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 bay leaf, Serving suggestion: Black Beans recipe follows, 1 14 cups black beans about 12 pounds, 12 cups water, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and chopped, 10 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoons red wine vinegar, plus more for the table, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Yellow Rice, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 40323: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, coconut and salt in a food processor until the coconut is finely chopped. Add the butter and shortening and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal with peasize bits of butter. Drizzle in 3 tablespoons ice water and pulse until the dough begins to come together add more water, 12 tablespoon at a time, if necessary. Turn out onto a sheet of plastic wrap and pat into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 1 day.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out the dough into an 11inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edges with your fingers. Pierce the bottom all over with a fork. Refrigerate the crust until firm, about 15 minutes. Line the crust with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until the edges are golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until golden all over, 10 to 15 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Heat 1 12 cups milk and the macadamia nuts in a medium saucepan over medium heat do not boil. Whisk the egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, the cornstarch, vanilla and the remaining 14 cup milk in a bowl until combined. Gradually whisk half of the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture, then pour back into the saucepan with the remaining milk mixture and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the mixture thickens and just begins to boil, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the white chocolate until smooth. Transfer the filling to a large bowl and let cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes.nOnce the filling is cool, bring a few inches of water to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Whisk the egg whites and the remaining 14 cup sugar in a large heatproof bowl. Set the bowl over the pan do not let the bowl touch the water and whisk until the sugar dissolves and the mixture is warm. Remove the bowl from the pan and beat with a hand mixer until the egg whites are glossy and stiff, about 5 minutes. Fold the beaten egg whites into the filling, then spread in the prepared crust. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate until set, at least 6 hours or overnight.nJust before serving, make the whipped cream for topping: Beat the heavy cream and confectioners sugar with a mixer until medium peaks form. Transfer to a piping bag fitted with a star tip and pipe around the edge of the pie. Top with the macadamia nuts and toasted coconut.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 1 34 cups whole milk, 12 cup salted macadamia nuts, finely chopped, 2 large eggs, separated, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped, 34 cup cold heavy cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 14 cup salted macadamia nuts, 2 tablespoons sweetened shredded coconut, toasted], title: Macadamia Nut Cream Pie, picturelink: 3jkUDi5FZ431QgTO4FtFCr1NFsJCPD6}, 40324: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 metal or wooden skewers that have been soakednWhisk together the lemon juice, garlic and ginger. Place prawns in a shallow baking dish and cover with the marinade. Let sit 15 minutes. Drain and pat the prawns dry.nMix together all ingredients. Place prawns back in the baking dish and cover with the marinade. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour. Thread 4 shrimp on a skewer and grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side., ingredients: [12 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons finely chopped ginger, 16 jumbo prawns, shelled and deveined, 12 cup plain yogurt, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 1 tablespoon crushed garlic, 1 teaspoon finely chopped ginger, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 12 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon white pepper], title: Tandoori Prawns, picturelink: null}, 40325: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, combine the olive oil, orange juice, lemon juice, lime juice, salt, pepper and garlic cloves. Whisk together.nPlace the chicken legs, juiced pieces of fruit and quartered onions in large plastic bags or a bowl. Pour the marinade over the top, tossing to combine. Cover with plastic wrap if using bowl or seal the bag up and marinate for at least 2 hours ... several hours is better. Toss a few times during the marinating process.nPreheat a grill. Grill the chicken legs until cooked all the way through, turning occasionally so the chicken is cooked on all sides, 10 to 12 minutes.nSeparate the tortillas into 2 piles of 16, and then wrap each pile in foil and warm over the grill for 10 to 15 minutes.nServe the chicken legs with the warm tortillas, pico de gallo, refried beans and chipotle salsa., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 12 cup orange juice freshly squeezed if possible save juiced orange halves, 14 cup lemon juice save the juiced fruit, 14 cup lime juice save the juiced fruit, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 4 whole garlic cloves, peeled and smashed, 16 whole chicken legs, 2 whole onions, peeled and quartered, 32 soft tacosize flour tortillas, Serving suggestions: pico de gallo, refried beans, storebought chipotle salsa], title: Pollo Asado, picturelink: KN9LXHxPHpTOTTcDZyV72jCLQ73ofy}, 40326: {instructions: For the succotash: Saute the onions and potatoes until slightly caramelized, about 8 minutes. Add the chickpeas, tomatoes, corn, zest and stock and simmer until the stock is almost gone, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and add the thyme leaves.nFor the vinaigrette: Whisk the lemon juice, shallots and lemon zest until combined. Slowly drizzle in the oil until emulsified. Season with the salt and pepper.nFor the salmon: Sprinkle the salmon with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat and saute the salmon, skinside down, until the edges begin to caramelize a little, about 4 minutes. Flip and cook for 1 to 2 minutes.nServe the salmon on the succotash and garnish with the lemon vinaigrette and herbs., ingredients: [12 cup sliced onions, 1 cup baby potatoes, blanched and cut in half, 1 cup cooked chickpeas, 1 cup baby or teardrop tomatoes, 1 cup corn kernels, Zest of 1 lemon, 12 cup fish stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon thyme leaves, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 shallot, minced, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 700 grams sockeye salmon, skin on, scaled and cut into 180gram portions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Fresh herbs, for garnish], title: Sockeye Salmon with Succotash, picturelink: null}, 40327: {instructions: Put the oxtails into a large stockpot and add enough water to cover the bones by 4 inches about 2 gallons. Bring to a full boil and then lower the heat to a rapid simmer. Skim the scum that rises to the surface.nMeanwhile put the ginger and onion halves on a baking sheet and char them under the broiler until lightly blackened, 10 to 15 minutes. Turn them over halfway through cooking. When cool enough to handle, rinse the onion and ginger under running water, using a knife to scrape away some of the charred surface. Cut the ginger into 3 pieces and toss it and the onion halves into the simmering broth, along with 1 tablespoon salt and the fish sauce.nPut the star anise, cloves, and cinnamon stick in a small skillet and toast them on top of a stove burner over medium heat. Turn the spices a couple of times until theyre slightly darkened 3 to 4 minutes and until you smell their aroma. Put the toasted spices and fennel seeds in a small square of double thick cheesecloth and tie the bundle with a long piece of kitchen twine. Add the spice bundle and the bay leaves to the broth, tying the end of the twine to the pot handle for easy retrieval.nLet the broth simmer, uncovered, skimming occasionally. After 4 hours, remove the spice bundle, onion, bay leaves and ginger from the pot and discard. Remove the oxtails from the pot and set aside. Let the broth continue to simmer. When the meat is cool enough to handle, pull the meat from the bones. Set the meat aside and return bones to the broth. Continue simmering, uncovered, until the broth is rich and flavorful, about 1 hour. Taste the broth and add more salt or fish sauce as needed.nMeanwhile, soak the rice noodles in cold water for at least 20 minutes. Arrange the sliced scallions, cilantro, parsley, basil, bean sprouts, lime wedges, and chiles on a platter in separate piles.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and add the drained noodles. Give the noodles a quick stir and cook until tender but firm, about 1 minute. Rice noodles can quickly become gummy, so dont let them overcook. Drain the noodles. Warm 6 large bowls by rinsing the with hot water and divide the noodles among the bowls.nJust before serving, return the broth to a full boil. Arrange the slices of raw filet and pieces of cooked oxtail meat over the noodles in each bowl. Carefully ladle the boiling broth over all the raw beef should be submerged in the broth. Serve immediately, along with the platters of garnish., ingredients: [4 pounds Oxtails cut into 1 12 to 2inch pieces and trimmed of fat, 3inch piece of ginger, unpeeled, 1 large onion, halved and unpeeled, 13 cup nuoc mam fish sauce, 8 whole star anise, 5 whole cloves, 3inch cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 3 bay leaves, 1 pound 14inch rice noodles, 2 bunches scallions, sliced thin, 12 cup tightly packed fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 12 cup parsley, roughly chopped, 12 cup basil, approximately, whole fresh plants minus roots if possible, 1 12 cups mung bean sprouts, 3 large limes, cut into wedges and seeds removed, Red chile paste or sliced fresh hot chilies optional, 34 pounds filet mignon, trimmed of fat and sliced very thin], title: Pho Vietnamese Beef and RiceNoodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 40328: {instructions: You will need to start your grill with hickory charcoal. Place trout in a casserole pan. In a small mixing bowl add the garlic, parsley, basil and squeeze half a lemon and lime in the herbs and garlic. Using a wire whisk slowly add 12 cup of olive oil to herbs and citrus. When well incorporated pour over trout and season with salt and pepper. Let sit for about 10 minutes.nSlice half the tomatoes in circles and lay on platter with wild greens. The other half of the tomatoes dice and place in another small mixing bowl. Add a little chopped basil, extravirgin olive oil, a drizzle of truffle oil, to taste, and a drizzle of balsamic vinegar. Season, to taste.nPlace trout on grill flesh side down and leave for about 2 minutes. Season skin side, flip and cook for 1 to 2 minutes longer.nPull trout off grill and place over greens and sliced tomatoes, then randomly place heirloom relish over fish. Take remainder of balsamic and truffle oil and drizzle over salad., ingredients: [2 10ounce rainbow or brown trout, filleted, 1ounce garlic, chopped, 1ounce parsley, chopped, 1ounce basil, chopped, 1 lemon, 1 lime, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 large heirloom tomatoes yellow and red beefsteaks can be substituted, 8 ounces wild greens, 2 ounces white truffle oil, 4 ounces 25 year old balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Hickory Smoked Grilled Colorado Trout With Heirloom Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 40329: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCook the pasta according to package directions drain and set aside. While pasta is cooking, in a heavy, medium saucepan, combine the milk, clovestudded onion, thyme, and bay leaf over medium heat. In a large saucepan, heat the butter over medium heat. Add the diced onion and carrot and saute until tender. Add the flour and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Strain the milk mixture into the flour mixture and stir until its thickened and smooth. Strain this milk mixture into a heatproof bowl. Stir in the shredded cheeses and mix until melted. Season, to taste, with salt, white pepper, and nutmeg. Stir in the pasta and mix well. Pour the macaroni and cheese into a baking pan and top it with the Bread Crumb Topping. Bake the macaroni and cheese until it is warmed through. Serve immediately.nIn a small bowl, combine all ingredients and mix well., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 6 12 cups milk, 1 onion wedge, studded with cloves, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 18 cup diced white onion, 18 cup smalldiced carrot, 4 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 pound extrasharp white Cheddar, shredded recommended: Cabot, 4 ounces yellow Cheddar, shredded, Salt and white pepper, Ground nutmeg, Bread Crumb Topping, recipe follows, 12 cup grated Asiago cheese, 12 cup Japanese bread crumbs panko, 1 tablespoon assorted chopped fresh herbs, such as thyme, oregano, rosemary, tarragon, and basil], title: Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 40330: {instructions: For the rolls: Unwrap the spring rolls and place on a cutting board. Cover your spring roll wrappers with a slightly damp towel to keep them from drying out.nIn a large bowl, combine the ground turkey with the seasoned salt, black pepper, garlic and onions.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add 2 tablespoons sunflower oil. Add the turkey mixture and saute until browned and cooked through, breaking up the meat with a spoon as it cooks. Remove from the heat and let cool before assembling the rolls.nSpread out one spring roll wrapper. In the center of the wrapper, with an inch or two of space around each side, layer some shredded cabbage, a few tablespoons turkey mixture and 2 tablespoons shredded cheese. Fold the wrapper sides in and wrap tightly. Repeat with the remaining mixture and wrappers.nFill a deep, heavy skillet or fry pan just under halfway with sunflower oil. Heat the oil over medium heat to 350 degrees F.nCarefully drop in 2 to 4 rolls, depending on the size of the skillet. Let the rolls cook for 3 to 4 minutes, turning occasionally. Drain the rolls on a paper towellined plate.nFor the dipping sauces: In a small bowl, mix half the BBQ sauce with 3 tablespoons peach syrup. In another small bowl, mix the remaining BBQ sauce with 3 tablespoons pineapple syrup.nServe the rolls with the dipping sauces.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 package egg roll wrappers, 1 pound ground turkey or beef, 12 tablespoon seasoned salt, such as Lawrys, 12 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 onion, chopped, Sunflower oil, for frying, 1 small head green cabbage, shredded, 2 cups shredded jack or Cheddar one 8ounce bag, 1 bottle prepared BBQ sauce, One 15ounce can sliced peaches, drained, syrup reserved, peaches saved for other use, One 15ounce can pineapple chunks, syrup reserved, pineapples saved for other use], title: Soul Rolls, picturelink: null}, 40331: {instructions: Skin and bone the salmon and set aside. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F230 degrees C.nCut the tips off the asparagus. Reserve the stems and poach the tips in boiling salted water until tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain well, refresh in ice cold water, then drain again, leaving to sit so that all the water comes off. Puree the asparagus and stir in the creme fraiche, dill and lemon zest to blend. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nLay 1 sheet of puff pastry on a damp baking sheet with the long edge facing you. Lay the salmon on the pastry, like a picture in its frame. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spread the top of the salmon with the asparagus puree. Lay the raw stems of asparagus on top of the puree, like pencils.nBrush the margins of the pastry with the egg wash. Lay the second sheet of pastry over the salmon and press the edges to seal, like a giant ravioli. Trim the edges, leaving a 1inch2.5 cm border. Press with the tines of a fork, then, with the dull edge of a knife, scallop the edges. Make 2 or 3 slits in the top to allow steam to escape. Brush all over with the egg wash and bake until puffed up and golden brown, about 20 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes before slicing. This dish is also good at room temperature., ingredients: [1 salmon fillet about 1 12 pounds750 g, 1 pound500 g asparagus, trimmed, Salt, 14 cup60 ml creme fraiche, 3 to 4 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Zest of 1 lemon, Freshly ground pepper, 1 pound450 g puff pastry 2 sheets, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Salmon en Croute, picturelink: null}, 40332: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the 7 sheets of phyllo into large circles using the pizza screen as a guide. You can cut all the sheets at the same time. Spray the screen with olive oil cooking spray. Place the first sheet of phyllo onto the screen, spray again lightly, and sprinkle on approximately 12 teaspoon of the Parmesan cheese. Place the second sheet on top and repeat the same procedure with the spray and the cheese until you have placed the seventh sheet. Spread the Broccoli Pesto on top, arrange the tomatoes and basil, and grate frozen goat cheese over top. Bake in oven for 3 to 5 minutes. Serve immediately.nCombine all the ingredients in a food processor and blend until you have a smooth paste., ingredients: [7 sheets phyllo pastry, Olive oil cooking spray, 4 teaspoons freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, divided, 1 tablespoon Broccoli Pesto, recipe follows, 1 tomato, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 6 imported black olives, chopped, 4 large basil leaves cut chiffonade, 2 ounces goat cheese, frozen for easy grating, 1 cup tightly packed fresh basil leaves, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 12 cup tightly packed broccoli florets, 12 cup blanched almonds, 14 cup chicken stock, 6 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Phyllo Pastry Pizza with Broccoli Pesto, Tomatoes and Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 40333: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the curry powder and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add the onion, celery, shallots, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste cook until the vegetables are translucent, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the wine and 14 cup water and bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in the mussels cover and cook, shaking the pot occasionally, until the mussels open, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the open mussels to a bowl using a slotted spoon discard any that do not open. Cover the bowl and set aside.nAdd the cream to the pot with the cooking liquid and vegetables bring to a boil and cook until reduced by half, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in the cognac and lemon juice. Return the mussels to the pot and stir to coat with the sauce. Serve with the lemon wedges and toasted baguette slices.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 3 large shallots, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 4 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons cognac optional, Juice of 12 lemon, plus wedges for serving, Toasted baguette slices, for serving optional], title: Mussels in Curry Cream Sauce, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 40334: {instructions: Slice the top off rye bread, reserve tops. Scoop out the inside of bread and make a bowl. In an electric mixer combine cream cheese and butter. Add mustard and onion. Fold in beer. Mix at low speed. Make sure not to add too much beer because it will become too soft. With a spatula transfer dip to the bread bowl. Cover with the bread lid. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight., ingredients: [2 large, round dark rye bread loaves, 2 8 ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 14 pound butter, softened, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 14 to 12 bottle ale, 1 medium white onion, chopped], title: Jacqui Malouf Aunt Maggies Beer Dip, picturelink: null}, 40335: {instructions: Blanch the carrots in boiling, salted water. Drain and shock in ice water. Drain and set aside. In a large skillet, melt the butter and sugar together. Stir in mustard, honey, and carrots. Bring to a simmer and toss to combine. Add chopped thyme, salt, and pepper and serve., ingredients: [5 pounds carrots, peeled, trimmed, and sliced diagonal, 1inch thick, 14 pound butter, 12 cup brown sugar, 13 cup Dijon mustard, 1 ounce honey, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Carrots with MustardBrown Sugar Glaze, picturelink: null}, 40336: {instructions: Whisk the vegetable oil with the fish sauce, ginger and garlic in a large bowl transfer 2 tablespoons to a large resealable plastic bag and add the steak. Turn to coat, then set aside to marinate, 10 minutes. Whisk the rice vinegar into the bowl with the remaining marinade set aside.nMeanwhile, microwave the edamame as the label directs. Add the edamame, broccoli slaw and cucumbers to the bowl with the vinegar mixture toss to coat, then set aside.nPreheat a grill pan over medium heat and brush with vegetable oil. Sprinkle the sesame seeds over the steak and toss to coat, pressing to adhere. Grill the steak and tofu until the steak is just cooked through and the tofu is marked, about 4 minutes per side for each. Top each serving of the vegetable mixture with a piece of tofu, some steak and the herbs.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons grated peeled fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, grated, 1 pound skirt steak, sliced into 12inchthick strips, 3 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar, 34 cup frozen shelled edamame, 1 12ounce package broccoli slaw, 2 Persian cucumbers, thinly sliced, 14 cup sesame seeds, 1 14ounce package extrafirm tofu, drained, patted dry and sliced lengthwise into 4 pieces, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro andor mint], title: Vietnamese Sesame Beef and Tofu, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 40337: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 13by9inch baking pan with foil, letting the excess hang over the edges of the pan by about 1 inch this will help you lift the bar easily from the pan in one piece. Spray the pan with cooking spray.nMix the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. In a large bowl, whisk the melted butter and sugars until combined. Use a whisk or a rubber spatula to mix in the egg, egg yolk, peanut butter and vanilla until smooth. Fold in the flour mixture until just combined be careful not to over mix the dough or the bars will be tough. Fold in the chocolate chips and the peanuts.nScrape the dough into the prepared pan, pressing and smoothing the top with a rubber spatula. Bake until the top is slightly golden and firm to the touch and the edges are starting to pull away from the sides of the pan, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool completely on a wire rack.nLift up on the foil overhang to remove the bar from the pan, and transfer it to a cutting board. Use a ruler to cut it into 2inch squares., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 23 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups bittersweet chocolate chips about 12 12 ounces, 12 cup chopped salted peanuts about 2 ounces], title: Thick and Chewy Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Bars, picturelink: qlOvXmgbZ8mBJvjxCpXdPaarY3LUMwK}, 40338: {instructions: Cook pasta according to package directions. Drain well. Set aside.nIn a bowl add sesame oil, vegetable oil, honey, soy sauce, balsamic, rice wine vinegar, cayenne and ginger. Whisk mixture well.nIn a skillet over medium high heat add 4 tbsp of sesame oil mixture. Add sliced bell peppers and cook for 2 minutes or until lightly soft. Add chicken, peas, green onions, walnuts and cashews. Heat until warmed through.nOn a serving platter add cooked rice noodles. Top noodles with bell pepper and chicken mixture. Drizzle with remaining sesame oil mixture and chopped cilantro. Garnish with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 tablespoon ginger, grated, 1 orange bell pepper, sliced into thin strips, 3 cups chicken breast, fully cooked and sliced into thin strips, 1 cup peas, 8 green onions, chopped, 34 cup Fisheru00ae Chopped Walnuts, 12 cup Fisheru00ae Premium Whole Cashews, 34 cup cilantro, chopped, 1 lemon, sliced for garnish], title: Tantalizing Thai Nutty Chicken, picturelink: .oME2vrVIucHCoiwrYt2GoWmGYyUmC}, 40339: {instructions: Cut each slice of brioche bread in half diagonally. Make a deep slit into the bread from the cut side.nIn a food processor, blend together the mascarpone cheese and bacon. Using a spatula, take the bacon cheese mixture and spread it into the slit in the bread.nWhisk together the cream, eggs, rosemary, and salt.nPlace each piece of bread into the egg mixture and soak for a few seconds. Place the eggcoated bread on a cooling rack set over a baking sheet to drain a little bit.nIn a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Add the soaked brioche slices and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side.nIn another saute pan, melt 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat. Add the chorizo. Saute until crisp, then add the clams. Cook for 2 minutes then carefully pour in the chicken stock. Simmer the mixture until the clams open up. Turn off the heat. Place the French toast and clams on a plate, spoon the chorizo broth over both., ingredients: [6 slices brioche bread, sliced 1inch thick, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, 6 slices bacon, cooked crisp, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary, Pinch salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 2 tablespoons diced chorizo, 12 little neck clams, cleaned, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Mascarpone and Bacon Stuffed French Toast with Chorizo and Clams, picturelink: VQBMhGELszf6BJOidRuX9MsG2uHxW4G}, 40340: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGuacamole: Coarsely smash all of the ingredients into a bowl and set aside.nSalsa: Stir all of the ingredients together in a bowl and let them sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPreheat a grill to medium.nAssembly: Put the buns on the grill to toast. Put a sheet of aluminum foil onto the grill and add the grilled hot dogs. Sprinkle with cheese and allow it to melt. Add the hot dogs to the grilled buns, then top with guacamole, salsa, blue corn tortillas, hot sauce and pickled jalapenos., ingredients: [2 ripe Hass avocados, halved, pitted and peeled, 1 to 2 jalapenos, finely diced, 12 small red onion, finely diced, Fresh limes, Chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Canola oil, as needed, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 plum tomatoes, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chipotle in adobo puree, 8 hot dog buns, 8 hot dogs, grilled, Grated Monterey Jack cheese, Guacamole, TomatoChipotle Salsa, Fried Blue corn tortilla chips, Hot sauce, Pickled jalapenos, sliced or chopped], title: Nacho Dog, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 40341: {instructions: In large skillet, heat olive oil over mediumhigh. Add onion and celery and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Stir in contents of both stuffing mixes and parsley. Mix well. Gradually stir in chicken broth, a little at a time until stuffing is lightly moist but not packed together. Carefully stir in olives and season to taste with salt and pepper. Can be made up to 2 days ahead. If using to stuff bird, reheat on top of stove, stirring gently to prevent mushiness. If baking separately, turn into oiled shallow casserole, cover with foil and bake at 350 degrees F for 20 minutes. Uncover and bake 15 to 20 minutes longer., ingredients: [13 cup STAR Originale Olive Oil, 1 large onion, minced, 1 cup thinly sliced celery, 2 6 oz. packages sourdough stuffing mix, 14 cup chopped parsley, 1 cup chicken broth, or more, 34 cup sliced STAR Spanish Olives, Salt and pepper], title: Sourdough Olive Stuffing, picturelink: y44t6M26YVEADmcVZOTLYbGAfSOq.eS}, 40342: {instructions: Saute 1 14 pounds shrimp peeled and halved lengthwise in 2 tablespoons butter with 1 strip lemon zest, 2 tarragon sprigs and salt and pepper until the shrimp turn pink, 3 to 4 minutes. Add a squeeze of lemon juice and 12 cup white wine and simmer 1 minute. Remove from the heat add 4 tablespoons chopped cold butter and some parsley.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Citrus Shrimp Crepe Filling, picturelink: tXg4FT.tQFhFPpDSf56mUxavyuNfu}, 40343: {instructions: Prepare the wings: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the wings with salt and pepper and arrange on a baking sheet in a single layer. Cook until just brown and crisp, about 45 minutes.nMake the sauce: Combine the lime zest and juice, tequila, agave syrup, cumin, adobo sauce, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 tablespoon pepper in a bowl. Pour over the warm wings and let marinate at least 30 minutes.nPreheat a grill to high. Grill the wings until marked, 10 to 15 minutes, turning as needed. Transfer the marinade to a saucepan and cook until slightly thick, about 8 minutes you can do this on the grill as well. Drizzle the wings with the sauce and top with cilantro, if desired.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, tips removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup tequila, 1 tablespoon agave syrup sometimes called agave nectar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish optional], title: Guy Fieris TequilaLime Wings, picturelink: KD7co2PNbwmZJ8tUxXowjO.dQ9ZeRC}, 40344: {instructions: Melt butter in a small pan over moderate heat. Add onions and garlic and season with sugar, thyme and pepper. Cook 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until onions are golden in color and translucent.nPlace the split bread on a baking sheet and broil until golden. Spread half the onions and garlic on each half of bread in a thin layer. Sprinkle each side of loaf with a handful of cheese and return to broiler for 30 seconds to bubble cheese. Serve with a hearty, souper supper, ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 medium onion, yellow skinned, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon ground thyme, poultry seasoning may be substituted, A few grinds black pepper, 1 12inch loaf crusty bread, split lengthwise, 2 handfuls grated Parmigiano], title: Onion and Garlic Bread, picturelink: HsjGfqzOu6zefbpyoeLCdM3bF48HEJG}, 40345: {instructions: Hand chop the garlic, parsley, cilantro, and almonds. Combine the pesto mixture with the oil, lemon juice, salt, and pepper until well mixed. Serve as a dipping sauce with the tortitas de papas cruda y elote., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 bunch fresh parsley, stemmed, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, stemmed, 2 tablespoons almonds, toasted, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Juice of 12 lemon, 14 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cilantro Pesto, picturelink: null}, 40346: {instructions: In a bowl mix together the creme fraiche, heavy cream, 2 tablespoons of the caviar, lemon juice, and chopped chervil or dill. Refrigerate the sauce for 1 to 2 hours before using.nJust before serving, cut the salmon into 12 pieces they should be large enough to wrap the oysters into roughly square little packets. Wrap the oysters.nDivide the cream sauce among the serving plates, creating a pool of sauce at the center of each plate.nDivide the wrapped oysters among the plates, arranging them on the sauce pools. Garnish each packet with a generous 14 teaspoon of caviar and a chervil or dill sprig., ingredients: [12 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 ounces caviar beluga, osetra or sevruga, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chervil or dill, plus extra sprigs for garnish, About 4 ounces topquality smoked salmon, sliced extremely thinly, 12 cold, freshly opened oysters], title: Raw Oysters with Smoked Salmon and Caviar Cream, picturelink: null}, 40347: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350degrees F.nWash spinach trim stems if using fresh bunches, and drain well. In a food processor, chop spinach to about the size of confetti. Put in colander in workable amounts to squeeze out all possible liquid.nOver medium heat, brown the ground beef and sausage, about 15 minutes. Add chopped celery, onion and garlic. Continue cooking until vegetables are translucent, about 5 minutes. Be sure to drain all grease.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine chopped spinach with cooked meat and mix thoroughly. Add 12 cup of broth. Season the mixture with cinnamon, cloves, allspice, salt, and pepper. Add drained olives. Spoon into 2 12 quart casserole dish and cover with lid. Bake for 1 to 1 12 hours., ingredients: [10 12ounce bags fresh leaf spinach, or 8 10ounce boxes of frozen spinach, chopped, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 pound ground pork sausage, 10 stalks celery, chopped, 1 white onion, chopped, 5 cloves fresh garlic, chopped, 12 cup fresh or canned chicken broth, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 15ounce can medium whole black pitted olives], title: Spinach Casserole, picturelink: Idr1nJ6xxsCyWlADN6.GTyZ8NTifW.O}, 40348: {instructions: Crinklecut fries, tater tots or onion rings, optionalnToast the buns and brush the cut sides with Parkette sauce. Stack all of the ingredients inside the bun and eat Yum Serve with crinklecut fries, tater tots or onion rings, if desired. Thats a big meal, ingredients: [1 hoagiesize bun, split, Parkette sauce, Shredded lettuce, 1 grilled 6 to 1 pound  8020 burger, seasoned with saltpepper mix, 1 squirt bottle yellow mustard, 1 slice American cheese, 1 slice tomato, 1 thick slice onion, 2 pickle chips], title: Parkettes Famous Kentucky Poor Boy, picturelink: null}, 40349: {instructions: Combine sugar, vanilla bean, wine and zests in a medium saucepan. Bring sugar solution to the boil then reduce to a simmer and add the berries. Poach berries for 3 minutes. Remove pan from heat and allow to cool in liquid. While cooling, soak apricots in apricot brandy. Place berries in a food processor along with soaked apricots and peach brandy. Puree until smooth. Whip the heavy cream to stiff peaks. Fold cream into berry puree. Divide the mixture into four 3inch diameter custard cups. Freeze.nMake the sauce: Combine the apricots, apricot brandy and 12 cup of the simple syrup. Place in a blender and puree until smooth. Reserve until needed.nMake the sugar cage: Combine the sugar, water and glucose in a small saucepan. Stir once with a metal spoon. Place over medium heat for 2 minutes then turn to high. Cook sugar to a very light caramel. While sugar is cooking prepare a small bowl of ice water, enough to just cover the bottom of the saucepan. When sugar is at desired color, immediately remove to the ice water, taking great care not to get any water in saucepan. This mixture can be used right away or reserved and reheated to use in the future. Sugar is at desired consistency when a metal tablespoon dipped into the mixture runs off in a thread like the consistency of honey. The sugar should not be too thin. To form a cage, lightly grease with vegetable oil the outside of a 6inch metal mixing bowl. Stand the mixing bowl upside down on a piece of aluminum paper. Lightly grease the aluminum paper outside the bowl. Dip a spoon into the sugar and flick the sugar back and forth over the bowl in one direction. Repeat this across the bowl in the other direction, creating a lattice of sugar. Allow to cool for 1 minute. To remove the cage from bowl, using the whole of the hand, gently twist the cage free. Repeat with remaining sugar to create a total of 8 cages.nAssemble the dessert: Remove the frozen parfait from the freezer. Run a paring knife around the ramekin to loosen parfait. If parfait doesnt come out immediately, place the custard cup in warm water for 10 seconds to help loosen. Place a cage, round side down, in the middle of a serving plate. Unmold parfait in middle of cage and spoon sauce around. Top with another cage to create a dome effect. Place berries around the plate., ingredients: [1 strip lime zest, 12 pint each of blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, halved strawberries, 6 dried apricots, diced, 2 tablespoons apricot brandy, 2 tablespoons peach brandy, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup simple syrup 12 cup water and 12 cup sugar dissolved in a saucepan, 4 dried apricots, diced, 1 tablespoon apricot brandy, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon glucose, 1 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 strip lemon zest], title: Forbidden Fruit, picturelink: null}, 40350: {instructions: Special equipment: an ebelskiver pan preferably cast iron and a wooden skewernWhisk together the flour, light brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nWhisk together the egg yolks, milk and sour cream in another medium bowl. Whisk the yolk mixture into the flour mixture until just combined. The batter will be lumpy. Allow the batter to rest while you whip the egg whites.nPut the egg whites in another medium bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat the whites until stiff peaks form, about 1 minute. Gently fold the egg whites into the batter.nHeat an ebelskiver pan on medium heat for 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow heat. Put a cube of butter into 4 of the wells it should barely sizzle when it hits the pan. Use the back of a spoon to slide the butter up the sides of the wells so that each well is coated and some butter pools at the bottom. Fill the buttered wells almost to the top with batter, about 2 tablespoons each. Repeat with the butter and batter in the remaining 4 wells. You are working in batches to prevent the butter from burning.nCook until the batter puffs and bubbles on top, 3 to 4 minutes. Then take a wooden skewer, push it through the raw batter and into the bottom crust of each ebelskiver to turn it and confirm the bottom is set into a golden brown crust if its not, return the dumpling to its original position and let it continue to cook. Using the skewer, turn the ebelskivers so the cooked parts are halfin, halfout of the cups. Raw batter will spill into the wells but the dumplings should hold their shape. If a dumpling does not slide up easily or hold its shape, slide it back to its original position and give it more time to cook and set.nCook until the new undersides are golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes more. Carefully stuff the desired filling into the openings. For each ebelskiver use 1 large or 2 small raspberries, 3 or 4 semisweet chocolate chips or a heaping 12 teaspoon of fruit preserves or jam. Use up to 1 teaspoon of additional batter to top the filling in each ebelskiver. Using the skewer and a finger, if necessary, turn the ebelskivers once more so the additional batter is now on the bottom of the wells. Cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes more.nCheck all sides of the ebelskivers: If there are pale spots on some, turn them down so they brown against the bottom of the pan for a few seconds. When they are done, the ebelskivers should be evenly deep golden brown and a skewer inserted deep into the dough, avoiding the filling, comes out clean. If you find that some are cooking much more quickly than others, rotate the pan occasionally to even out the heat.nRemove the ebelskivers from the pan. Repeat the buttering and turning process with the remaining batter to make 6 or 7 more ebelskivers. By the second batch, the pan will be significantly hotter, so you wont need to increase the heat to medium to get started and the ebelskivers will cook more quickly.nDust the ebelskivers with confectioners sugar and serve warm with maple syrup.nCopyright 2014 Cooking Channel, LLC. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons firmlypacked light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 eggs, separated, 34 cup whole milk, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 14 pieces, Fillings: raspberries, semisweet chocolate chips, fruit preserves or jam, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Warm maple syrup, for serving], title: Stuffed Ebelskivers, picturelink: null}, 40351: {instructions: Cut the lemons in half lengthwise and remove the flesh with a spoon. Put the lemon halves cavityside up in a muffin tin.nAdd the gelatin dessert powder to the boiling water and whisk well to combine. Add the vodka and whisk to incorporate. Transfer to a cup measure and carefully fill the lemon cavities.nChill for 4 hours, slice and serve., ingredients: [4 lemons, One 3ounce package flavored gelatin dessert, 34 cup boiling water, 34 cup vodka], title: Gelatin Shots, picturelink: null}, 40352: {instructions: For the chipped beef, in a saute pan heat the oil and add the red onions. Saute until golden brown. Add the beef and saute until the meat is browned. Add in the flour and mix well. Whisk in the hot stock. Cook until it begins to thicken stirring constantly. Stir in the cream, mustard and white wine. Season with salt, pepper, and parsley. For the plate scramble 2 eggs for each biscuit served. Slice each biscuit in half and place flat bottoms on the plate. Fill each biscuit base with eggs. Spoon chipped beef and onions over eggs. Garnish with fresh parsley. Serve while hot.nFor the biscuits, sift all together dry ingredients. Cut in the chilled butter until the texture is of coarse crumbs. Stir in the buttermilk to form a soft dough. Drop biscuits onto a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake in a 350 degree preheated oven until golden brown., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 ounces sliced red onions, 1 pound beef tenderloin thinly sliced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken or vegetable stock hot, 13 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoon white wine, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, plus more for garnish, 2 eggs  for each biscuit served , 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 23 cup cold butter, plus 14 cup melted unsalted butter, 112 cups buttermilk], title: Scrambled Eggs with Buttermilk Biscuits Chipped Beef and Sauteed Red Onions, picturelink: null}, 40353: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat two 12by17inch rimmed baking sheets with cooking spray, then line with parchment paper, leaving an overhang on the short sides.nPrepare the cake mix with an extra egg. Divide the batter between the 2 baking sheets spread evenly with an offset spatula. Bake until set, 8 to 9 minutes let cool.nMeasure 2 12 inches in from each long side of one cake mark with toothpicks. Score using a ruler, then remove the toothpicks and trim along the scored lines so the cake is 7 inches wide.nRound the corners of the cake with a knife. Punch out holes with a straw 4 holes across, 10 down. Trim the other cake no need to punch holes. Freeze the cakes 30 minutes.nInvert the cake without the holes onto a clean baking sheet peel off the parchment. Snip open 1 ice cream carton with kitchen shears, then slide the ice cream onto the cake.nRepeat with the other 2 cartons of ice cream, arranging them side by side on the cake. Cover with plastic wrap and press with your hands to smooth the ice cream and fill the gaps.nRemove the other cake from the parchment with a thin spatula place it on the ice cream. Trim any excess cake and smooth the sides. Freeze at least 2 hours before serving.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 16to18ounce boxdevils food cake mix plus required ingredients, 1 large egg, 3 1.5quart rectangular cartons vanilla ice cream, softened], title: Giant Ice Cream Sandwich, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 40354: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the walnuts, cranberries, mustard, sugar, celery, scallions and some salt and pepper together in a large bowl. Let the flavors meld for 10 minutes.nAdd in the mayo and mix until incorporated. Adjust the seasoning if necessary. Add in the chicken. Let the mixture sit in the fridge for at least 1 hour before serving, overnight preferred.nServe on lettuce leaves and drizzle with balsamic reduction., ingredients: [12 cup toasted walnuts, 14 cup dried cranberries, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 celery ribs, diced, 2 scallions, thinly sliced up to the pale green parts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, Two 8ounce dry or leftover cooked chicken breasts, cut into chunks see Cooks Note, Bibb lettuce leaves, for serving, Balsamic reduction, storebought or homemade, for serving], title: Chicken Salad, picturelink: 93.Cptk0ud3zEjOlFIBOGHBQ8Q.UNa}, 40355: {instructions: Preheat a grill or the oven to 250 degrees F.nPull membrane off of the back of the ribs. Sprinkle 14 cup of rub over each slab, front and back. Place ribs, meat side up, on the grill or in the oven for 2 hours. Remove and place each slab on a doubled aluminum foil square, meat side down. Combine the marinade ingredients. Pour 1 cup of marinade over each slab while wrapping tightly in foil. Cook for 1 more hour at 250 degrees F. Remove slabs from foil and sprinkle with remaining 14 cup of rub. Cook an additional 1 hour, uncovered, until ribs are tender.nMix together the BBQ sauce and honey. Remove ribs from the oven and paint with finishing glaze, and cook for another 15 minutes. Cut and serve., ingredients: [2 slabs ribs, 34 cup your favorite dry rub recommended: Big Bob Gibson Seasoning and Dry Rub, 1 cup apple juice, 1 cup grape juice, 34 cup your favorite BBQ sauce recommended: Big Bob Gibson Championship Red Sauce, 14 cup honey], title: Big Bob Gibson BBQ Ribs, picturelink: null}, 40356: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, toss together the oil, parsnips, bell peppers and onions. Season with salt and pepper. Spread in an even layer on the prepared baking sheet.nBake until the parsnips are browned and cooked through, about 30 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large parsnips, cut into small dice about 2 cups diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 14 red onion, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Parsnip Home Fries, picturelink: Wq1ng50LxvOBlIbLpeGF.PkHaHgXkHK}, 40357: {instructions: Combine the preserves, 1 tablespoon vinegar, the mustard, thyme and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a small bowl. Poke the pork in a few spots with a paring knife, then rub with the garlic season with salt and pepper. Rub the pork all over with the preserves mixture, then transfer to a large resealable bag and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.nAbout 20 minutes before roasting, remove the pork from the refrigerator and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Put the red onions in a metal roasting pan and set a rack on top. Wrap the pork with the bacon see below, then set on the rack. Roast until the bacon is crisp and a thermometer inserted into the center of the pork registers 145 degrees F, about 1 12 hours. Transfer the pork to a cutting board let rest 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the gravy: Discard all but 2 tablespoons of the drippings from the pan. Place the roasting pan over 2 burners over mediumlow heat and whisk in the flour until incorporated. Add the chicken broth and whisk until thickened, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons vinegar and season with salt and pepper.nRemove the twine and slice the pork. Serve with the onions and gravy.nHow to wrap pork:nLay the bacon slices over the pork, overlapping them slightly and tucking them under.nTie a piece of kitchen twine around each slice to secure it.nPhoto by Con Poulos, ingredients: [14 cup blackberry preserves, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar or champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 4to5pound boneless centercut pork loin, trimmed, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 2 red onions, quartered, 8 slices bacon, 2 tablespoons instant flour such as Wondra, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth], title: BaconWrapped Blackberry Pork Roast, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 40358: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. In a large, heavy pot with a lid, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrot, celery, and onion, and cook, stirring, until the onion is wilted about 3 minutes. Add the bay leaf, rosemary, parsley, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Add the chicken livers and mix. Place the brisket on top and pour the wine, stock, and tomatoes over the meat. Cover tightly and bake until very tender, stirring about once an hour and adding a little water if necessary, about 4 hours. Serve in slices with the pan juices., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 carrot, diced, 1 celery stalk, diced, 1 onion, diced, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped rosemary leaves, 14 cup freshly chopped Italian parsley, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 chicken livers, cleaned of membranes and bile, 1 brisket of beef 5 to 6 pounds, trimmed of excess fat eye round of beef or short ribs can also be used, 1 bottle dry red wine, 112 cups chicken stock or low sodium canned broth, 1 12 cups milled or crushed canned Italian plum tomatoes], title: TuscanJewish Pot Roast, picturelink: null}, 40359: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the meat into large chunks and remove as much fat as possible. Place the meat in a large roasting pan and roast until all the juices in the pan have browned to a deep golden russet color, about 45 minutes, careful not to burn the juices.nTransfer the meat to a large stockpot. Discard the fat in the roasting pan. Place the roasting pan over mediumhigh heat and add the wine, scraping up the golden brown glaze at the bottom of the pan. Add this to the stockpot together with the 10 quarts water. Bring to a boil, add the vegetables, cloves, bouquet garni, and bouillon cubes or salt. Return to a boil, reduce heat to mediumlow, partially cover, and simmer about 4 hours or until broth has a rich beef flavor skimming off any scum from the surface during cooking. It may be necessary to add warm water to the pot during cooking to keep the water level approximately even throughout cooking.nOnce the stock is finished cooking, remove from heat and allow to cool to a more manageable temperature, about 160 degrees F or higher. Strain the stock through a finemeshed strainer either directly into storage containers or into a large bowl from which it can then be transferred into smaller storage containers. Once stock is in the storage containers, cool it down quickly by placing the containers into an ice water bath. Once cooled completely, cover and refrigerate.nKeep containers refrigerated until all the fat has risen to the surface and hardened. To remove, break the solidified fat and discard. The stock is now ready to use. Keep refrigerated for up to 4 days or freeze for up to 6 months. To keep refrigerated stock longer, reboil it every fourth day. Reboil frozen stock for up to 5 minutes before using to prevent spoilage., ingredients: [10 pounds veal breast or other meats, 2 cups dry white wine, preferably Sauvignon Blanc, or water, 10 quarts water, 6 medium yellow onions, quartered, 4 medium carrots, coarsely chopped, 10 large leeks, white and green parts, well washed, coarsely chopped, 1 center pale yellow celery rib with leaves, 4 cloves, Large bouquet garni of 30 parsley stems, 2 large sprigs fresh thyme and 2 small or 1 large bay leaf, 2 12inch chicken bouillon cubes or 2 teaspoons salt], title: Primary Veal Stock, picturelink: null}, 40360: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Toss the onion, banana peppers and 13 cup of the pickle juice in a bowl. Whisk the hummus with 3 to 4 tablespoons water in another bowl until smooth and pourable.nThinly slice the steak against the grain, then cut crosswise into bitesize pieces. Toss with the remaining 3 tablespoons pickle juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste.nBrush the pitas on one side with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, oiledside down, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute.nRemove the pitas from the grill and top with the steak. Drain the onion and peppers divide evenly among the pitas. Top with the lettuce and drizzle with the hummus sauce. Top with hot sauce, if desired.nReheat a grill or grill pan to high. Pulse the olives, shallot, garlic, rosemary, red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons olive oil and the juice of 12 lemon in a food processor season with salt and pepper.nPierce the steak all over with a fork and season with salt and pepper. Rub 1 heaping tablespoon olive mixture all over the steak, then set aside, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, toss the remaining olive mixture with the tomatoes, parsley, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the juice of the remaining 12 lemon in a small bowl.nGrill the steak until browned on one side, about 7 minutes. Flip and cook about 7 more minutes for medium rare. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes. Cut in half reserve one half for steak sandwiches at right. Thinly slice the remaining steak against the grain and top with the olivetomato tapenade., ingredients: [12 red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup sliced pickled banana peppers, plus 12 cup juice from the jar, 12 cup hummus, 1 pound grilled flank steak reserved from Grilled Steak With Tapenade, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 pocketless pitas preferably whole wheat, 8 romaine lettuce leaves, thinly sliced, Hot sauce, for topping optional, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, 1 medium shallot, 1 clove garlic, 1 sprig rosemary, leaves stripped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds flank steak, 1 pint grape tomatoes, quartered, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: Steak and Hummus Sandwiches, picturelink: JkieYku6fUensE9iKJ8ClQsMCQX2f2G}, 40361: {instructions: Bring vinegar, water, sugar and spices to a boil. In succession add carrots, cauliflower, red pepper, onions and zucchini, leaving 23 minutes between addition of each vegetable. Remove from heat and let cool., ingredients: [3 cups white wine vinegar, 1 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, 1 teaspoon coriander seed, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 12 teaspoon cloves, 1 bay leaf, 6 cloves garlic, 1 cup carrots, cut on bias, 1 cup cauliflower florets, 1 cup red pepper, cut into 14inch slices, 1 cup sliced red onion, 1 cup baton of zucchini], title: Pickled Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 40362: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet, and saute the onion and garlic over medium heat until softened. Stir in the roasted tomatoes, tomato sauce, chicken stock and basil. Simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 cup roasted plum tomatoes 5 plum tomatoes cut in half, drizzled with olive oil, put in a roasting pan and roasted at 325 degrees for about 45 minutes, then skinned and cored, and the flesh chopped, 1 cup tomato sauce your own or store bought, 12 cup chicken stock or canned broth, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Roasted Plum Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40363: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta according to the manufacturers instructions for al dente pasta.nMeanwhile, put the mint leaves, pistachios and garlic in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. While still pulsing, slowly drizzle in the olive oil. Remove the lid and use your hands to break up the wedge of pecorino into small chunks and add them to the food processor along with a pinch of salt and pepper. Pulse until well combined but there are still small pieces of pecorino throughout the mixture. You do not want to blend too much because it will cause the mint to brown. Season with additional salt and pepper if needed.nTransfer the pesto to a large highsided skillet. When the pasta is cooked to al dente, use a large slotted spoon to lift the pasta out of the pot and directly into the skillet. Stir to combine. Turn the heat to mediumhigh and cook, stirring occasionally, until the excess water from the pasta has evaporated and some of the pecorino has started to melt, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice and butter if using. Season with additional salt and pepper if needed.nTransfer to a large platter and garnish with the grated pecorino and whole mint leaves. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound bowtie pasta farfalle, 4 cups packed fresh mint leaves about 4 12 ounces, plus several whole leaves for garnish, 3 tablespoons about 1 12 ounces unsalted toasted pistachios, 1 clove garlic, lightly crushed, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, One 2 12ounce wedge pecorino, plus 1 handful grated, for garnish, Juice of 12 a large lemon, A dollop of unsalted butter, optional, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Mint Pesto Pasta, picturelink: AlPqp02JG4Jz7XQ0E5RbmMhvhO.zBti}, 40364: {instructions: Special equipment: 9inch springform pannPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Using a pastry brush, lightly brush the eggplant slices with 13 cup olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the eggplant until tender and colored with grill marks, about 4 minutes per side. Set aside.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta.nMeanwhile, warm the 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet. Add the onion and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the beef and pork, and brown the meat, breaking it into bitesized pieces with a wooden spoon, about 5 minutes. Add the Marsala and cook until the liquid has evaporated, about 3 minutes. Turn off the heat. Add the peas and marinara sauce and stir to combine. Add the cheeses, basil, and cooked pasta. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the springform pan with the grilled eggplant. Be sure that the slices overlap and hang over the edge of the pan. Fill the pan with the pasta mixture, pressing down to make sure the pan is filling up evenly. Fold the eggplant slices up over the top of the pasta and add a few more slices on top to completely enclose the timbale. Bake the timbale until warmed through and the cheese has melted, about 30 minutes. Let rest on the counter for 10 minutes to set. To serve, invert the timbale onto a serving plate and remove the springform pan. Sprinkle the remaining 14 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese over the top. Slice and serve., ingredients: [2 medium eggplants, sliced 14inch thick, 13 cup olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound penne pasta, 1 medium onion, diced, 12 pound ground beef, 12 pound Italian pork sausage, 14 cup Marsala wine, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 2 cups storebought marinara sauce, 1 12 cups diced smoked mozzarella cheese about 6 ounces, 34 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, plus 14 cup, 1 cup chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Eggplant Timbale, picturelink: D60JHSnloU5LdimtDiOWeSg.oowbckW}, 40365: {instructions: Pour in Stirrings Blood Orange Mixer.nAdd in sparkling wine.nServe in a chilled champagne flute., ingredients: [1 oz. Stirrings Blood Orange Mixer, 4 oz. Chandon Sparkling Wine], title: Blood Orange Bellini, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 40366: {instructions: In a small saucepan add 1 cup celery, 1 cup carrots, 1 cup vegetable broth. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Drain and reserve cooked vegetables. In a large saucepan, over medium high heat, melt butter. Add onions and saute until clear. Whisking, add flour, cook 2 minutes making sure flour does not brown. Add 5 cups vegetable broth and continue to whisk until mixture boils, making sure to reach the bottom of the pan. Add uncooked 1 cup celery and 1 cup carrots. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer about 30 minutes. When cooked strain soup through a fine sieve into a clean pot reserving vegetables. In a blender puree vegetables with 1 12 cups of liquid. Stir puree into pot with liquid. Stir in cream, reserved vegetables. Heat and serve., ingredients: [2 cups chopped celery, divided, 2 cups chopped carrots, divided, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 cups onions, diced, 3 tablespoons flour, 6 cups hot vegetable broth, divided, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Cream of Celery Soup, picturelink: null}, 40367: {instructions: Mix water and yeast and let stand 15 minutes. Gradually pour in 2 cups of the flour mixture and incorporate. Mix for about 1 minute to form a sponge. Let stand, covered for at least an hour. Put sponge in the bowl of a Kitchen Aid. Using the dough hook, add the salt and oil, then flour 12 cup at a time to form a dough. Remove from bowl and knead. Place in a clean oiled bowl and let rise, slowly, about 2 12 hours. Divide dough into three balls, let rise again for 12 hour and roll out. Transfer dough to oiled baking sheet to 400 deg oven and bake 1015 minutes, or untill golden brown., ingredients: [1 12 cups warm water, 12 teaspoon dry yeast, 4 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons oil], title: Flatbread, picturelink: null}, 40368: {instructions: Toss the snow peas with soy sauce and sesame oil in a medium microwavesafe bowl. Cover tightly. Microwave at full power until crisptender, about 1 12 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish, sprinkle with sesame seeds, and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups snow peas, about 6 ounces, strings removed, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 14 teaspoon dark sesame oil, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds], title: Sesame Snow Peas: Low Carb, picturelink: null}, 40369: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the scoops of chocolate chip cookie dough and chocolate ice cream into a sundae glass. Take the Yummy SliceandBake Cookies and break them up into small pieces over the ice cream. Heat the caramel and hot fudge sauces and drizzle over the cookies and ice cream, then sprinkle over some mini chocolate candies.nSquirt on some whipped cream and top with sprinkles or other toppings as you fancy. Finish with a cherry on the top.nCombine the flour, instant coffee, baking soda and salt in a bowl. Stir together and set aside. Cream together the butter with the brown and granulated sugar, scraping the bowl once while mixing. Add the eggs, mixing one at a time, and then the vanilla. Add the chocolatehazelnut spread and peanut butter and mix. Add the dry ingredients in increments, mixing gently after each addition. Scrape the bowl once and mix again. Add the chopped chocolate candies and pecans and mix gently to combine. Add more of either ingredient if needed.nSpoon the dough on a long piece or 2 shorter pieces of waxed paper or plastic wrap. Carefully roll the dough inside the wrap, pressing gently to get it to form into a firm cylinder. Refrigerate for at least 3 to 4 hours, or place in the freezer for 20 to 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice off as many cookies as youd like and lay the slices on a baking sheet. The thicker the slices, the farther apart the cookies will need to be they bake up flat. Bake until nice and golden brown, about 10 minutes. Yield: 30 cookies, ingredients: [1 to 2 small scoops chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream, 1 to 2 small scoops Dutch chocolate ice cream, 2 Yummy SliceandBake Cookies, recipe follows, 1 to 2 tablespoons caramel sauce, 1 to 2 tablespoons hot fudge sauce, Mini chocolate candies, such as M and Ms, to sprinkle over the top, Canned whipped cream, for topping, Sprinkles, for topping, Maraschino cherries, for topping, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon instant coffee granules, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks salted butter, softened, 1 14 cups packed brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 2 tablespoons chocolatehazelnut spread, such as Nutella, 2 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 34 cup chocolate candies, such as M and Ms, roughly chopped, plus more if needed, 12 cup very finely chopped pecans, plus more if needed], title: Ice Cream Cookie Sundaes, picturelink: MK5IVurihn0jx.8qiAOjEqfb82gWYma}, 40370: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace cherries in medium saucepan and place over heat. Cover. After the cherries lose considerable juice, which may take a few minutes, remove from heat. In a small bowl, mix the sugar and cornstarch together. Pour this mixture into the hot cherries and mix well. Add the almond extract, if desired, and mix. Return the mixture to the stove and cook over low heat until thickened, stirring frequently. Remove from the heat and let cool. If the filling is too thick, add a little water, too thin, add a little more cornstarch.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUse your favorite pie dough recipe. Prepare your crust. Divide in half. Roll out each piece large enough to fit into an 8 to 9inch pan. Pour cooled cherry mixture into the crust. Dot with butter. Moisten edge of bottom crust. Place top crust on and flute the edge of the pie. Make a slit in the middle of the crust for steam to escape. Sprinkle with sugar.nBake for about 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and place on a rack to cool., ingredients: [4 cups fresh or frozen tart cherries, 1 to 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, 18 tablespoon almond extract optional, Your favorite pie crust or pie dough recipe for 2 crust pie, 1 12 tablespoons butter, to dot, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, to sprinkle], title: Cherry Pie, picturelink: UxB6CvyvzAee1bMY04H5rzKkGVt9ria}, 40371: {instructions: Pour the limoncello, rum, tequila and tea into a pitcher filled with ice and stir vigorously. Serve in ice filled highball glasses with a straw. Garnish with a lemon slice on the rim., ingredients: [6 ounces limoncello recommended: Toschi Italian Lemon Liqueur, 3 ounces dark rum, 3 ounces tequila, 1 24ounce bottle sweetened iced tea, Ice, Lemon slices, to garnish], title: Sunnys Brooklyn Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 40372: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together the pineapple juice, banana liqueur, coconut rum, fruit punch and orange juice in a gallon pitcher filled with ice. Pour into drink glasses and garnish with slices of orange and pineapple., ingredients: [16 ounces pineapple juice, 9 ounces banana liqueur, such as 99 Bananas, 9 ounces coconut rum, such as Malibu, 8 ounces fruit punch, 8 ounces orange juice, Orange slices, for garnish, Pineapple slices, for garnish], title: Summer in a Cup, picturelink: LGbzNCGSmVoLlQK66kq53vgQNaQLhOy}, 40373: {instructions: In a medium bowl, sift together the rice, tapioca and buckwheat flours, the baking soda, xanthan gum, ginger, cinnamon, pumpkin pie spice and salt. Whisk until well blended, and set aside.nIn a large bowl, use an electric mixer on medium speed to cream the butter with the brown sugar until the mixture is light, airy and pale tan, about 3 minutes. Add the egg and mix again on medium until incorporated, about 1 minute. Add the molasses and vanilla, and mix again at medium speed for another minute. Add half the dry ingredients and mix on low until incorporated. Add the second half of the dry ingredients and mix on low until the dough comes together in small clumps. The dough will resemble thick brownie batter. If the dough is too wet and not clumpy, add another tablespoon or two of rice flour. Using your hands, bring the dough together into a ball and knead for 1 minute, or until you can make a smooth ball of dough. Shape the dough into a disk and place in a resealable plastic bag, removing excess air. Chill the dough in the refrigerator for about 1 hour. If the dough chills much longer than an hour, let it sit on the counter for about 10 minutes to soften before proceeding.nWhen ready to make the cookies, adjust oven racks to the top and bottom thirds and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment.nDivide the dough in 3 equal portions. Refrigerate two portions while you work on the first. Roll the dough out to a 18inch thickness. Best method for GF cookies is to use parchment paper barely dusted with rice flour on the top and bottom of the dough  this avoids needing to use a lot of extra bench flour to keep the dough from sticking to the counter. Use cookie cutters to cut out gingerbread men. You should be able to cut out 5 to 6 gingerbread men from each third of the dough, assuming they are 3 inches tall. Gather and reroll the scraps. Dont worry about overworking the dough, there isnt any gluten.nArrange the gingerbread men on the prepared baking sheets about 1 inch apart and bake until the edges just begin to take on golden color, 8 to 10 minutes. For softer cookies, cook a minute or 2 less. Let the cookies cool for a minute on the cookie sheet, and then remove and place on a cooling rack to cool completely. Let the baking sheets cool completely.nRepeat the process for the remaining dough portions.nOnce completely cooled, decorate the cookies with colored Easy Royal Icing, along with candies, nuts and sprinkles.nIn a medium bowl, use an electric mixer on low speed to mix the egg whites until frothy, about 2 minutes. Add the orange juice and vanilla and mix again until blended. Sift in the confectioners sugar, 1 cup at a time, and then mix on low speed until incorporated. After the third cup of sugar is added, keep mixing until the icing is smooth, thick and shiny, about 2 more minutes. Add an extra tablespoon or 2 of confectioners sugar if the icing seems runnier, like a glaze. Divide into 2 or 3 portions, add desired amount of food coloring and mix well.nFill a few tablespoons of royal icing in the corner of a resealable plastic bag, snip the tip and draw or spread the icing with a paintbrush onto the cookies thin with a drop or 2 of extra juice. Chill the cookies in the refrigerator for a few minutes to harden the icing., ingredients: [2 cups white rice flour, 1 cup tapioca flour also called tapioca starch, 12 cup buckwheat flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon xanthan gum, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice or mixture of nutmeg, allspice, cloves, 12 teaspoon table salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 23 cup dark brown sugar, packed, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup blackstrap molasses, 1 12 teaspoons glutenfree vanilla extract, Easy Royal Icing, recipe follows, Candies, nuts and sprinkles, for decorating, 13 cup pasteurized egg whites from a carton is fine, 1 tablespoon freshlysqueezed orange juice, 14 teaspoon glutenfree vanilla extract, 3 cups confectioners sugar, plus more if needed, Food coloring], title: GlutenFree Gingerbread Men, picturelink: LJIIu68UXuKbY6N5AOisF68bKcGmkSG}, 40374: {instructions: Clarify butter by melting it in a very small pot or metal container over low heat and scooping out the foam that rises. Then, spoon off the clear butterfat to a clean bowl or container, being careful not to disturb the water or milk solids at the bottom. The clear portion is clarified butter. Set this aside briefly in a warm place. Combine the egg yolks, lemon juice, white pepper, and salt in a blender and process at high speed for about 60 seconds. Leaving the blender running, pour the clarified butter through the feed opening of the blender in a slow steady stream and mix until thickened. Pour into a shallow plate. Dip each asparagus spear into the sauce so that threefourths of the stick is covered to hold prosciutto in place, then wrap a slice of prosciutto over the sauce on each asparagus spear, leaving a dry end for guests to serve themselves., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 2 egg yolks from pasteurized eggs these are identified in stores as pasteurized and although not cooked, they have been sufficiently heated for food safety, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 18 teaspoon ground white pepper, Dash salt, 16 asparagus spears, tough ends snapped off, and boiled until just tender but still bright green, 16 slices prosciutto, thinly sliced], title: Asparagus Wrapped in Prosciutto, picturelink: m9qk9iwHAztWlHCnNe4k7Yvp8y4S18.}, 40375: {instructions: Make the Salsa de Chile Colorado:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nIn a mediumsize skillet, over a medium heat, fry each tortilla in a little of the oil until just cooked, but not crisp. Dip each tortilla, as you build the stacks, quickly into the Salsa de Chile Colorado, just to moisten.nIn an ovenproof baking dish large enough to hold 4 of the blue corn tortillas, side by side without touching, place the first 4 tortillas.nTop each tortilla with 14 cup of the cooked chicken. Top the chicken with 14 cup of the grated cheese. Sprinkle the cheese with 1 teaspoon of the pine nuts and 1 teaspoon of the cilantro. Repeat layering 4 tortillas, 14 cup chicken, 14 cup cheese, 1 teaspoon pine nuts, and 1 teaspoon cilantro and finally top with the last 4 tortillas. You should have 4 stacks.nPour the remaining Salsa de Chile Colorado over all the stacks.nBake for about 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer each stack to a plate, garnish with the red onion and the lime wedges, and serve immediately.nOn a comal, over a mediumhigh heat, toast the chiles until fragrant, about 30 to 60 seconds. Cover with the chicken stock and allow to soften, about 20 minutes.nIn a blender, place the chiles and stock. Blend until chopped. Add the garlic, oregano, cumin, vinegar, tomato, and salt and pepper. Blend until very smooth.nOver a medium heat, in a heavy skillet, heat the oil. Pour the sauce into the oil and cook for about 10 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups Salsa de Chile Colorado, 12 blue corn tortillas, Vegetable oil, 2 cups diced, cooked chicken, 2 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese, 12 cup pine nuts toasted, Cilantro, finely diced, 12 red onion, diced, 12 limes, cut into wedges, 4 Ancho chiles, wiped clean, seeded, and stemmed, 4 Pasilla chiles, wiped clean, seeded, and stemmed, 2 cups hot chicken stock, 3 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon oregano, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tomato, chopped, Coarse salt, to taste, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Blue Corn Tortilla Stack, picturelink: null}, 40376: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together in a bowl and pour over the tritip. Cover and marinate overnight in the refrigerator.nRemove the tritip from the refrigerator at least 1 hour before grilling. Wipe off all excess marinade from the meat and place on the spit. Grill the tritip for about 1 hour, or until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F. Let the tritip rest at least 10 minutes before slicing. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 cups Burgundy wine, 2 tablespoons salt, 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 teaspoon onion salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 7 to 10 pounds beef tritip], title: Roast Beef on a Spit, picturelink: null}, 40377: {instructions: Add the cilantro, oil, onions, bell peppers, hot sauce, mustard, serrano peppers, garlic, lemon juice, salt, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and sugar to a bowl and mix with an immersion blender until the ingredients are combined but the sauce is still chunky. In a separate bowl, mash the avocados. Add to the sauce and gently combine the ingredients well.nServe immediately with empanadas, or transfer to an airtight container with the avocado pits, to slow down oxidation of the avocados.nRecipe courtesy of Pica Pica, LLC, ingredients: [12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup canola oil, 12 cup chopped yellow onions, 12 cup chopped green bell peppers, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped serrano peppers, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 tablespoon sugar, 3 to 4 small ripe Hass avocados, pitted do not discard the pits, Empanadas, for serving], title: Guasacaca Sauce, picturelink: JhMWmjbkDcLuv5bZs3XMnYox8o74FDu}, 40378: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: In a food processor, pulse the graham crackers and sugar until crumbs form. Pour in the butter and continue to pulse until the crumbs are coated. Press the mixture firmly into the bottom of a 9inch pie plate. Set aside.nFor the filling: In a small saucepan, heat the milk until hot but not simmering. To a medium saucepan, add the sugar, flour and cocoa and whisk together well. Lightly beat the egg yolks saving the whites for the meringue and pour into the flour mixture. Slowly add the hot milk, stirring. This will create a paste in the beginning, ensuring that the chocolate and flour blend smoothly. Place over medium heat and cook, stirring constantly, until very thick, about 5 minutes. The mixture will start to bubble sporadically continue to stir and cook for another 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the butter, vanilla and salt. Stir until the butter is completely incorporated.nPour the filling into the crust and chill in the refrigerator, about 45 minutes.nFor the meringue: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. With an electric mixer, beat the egg whites with the salt until stiff. With the mixer running, gradually add the sugar and beat until the whites are smooth and glossy. Spread the meringue on the pie, reaching the edges of the crust to seal in the filling. Bake until brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool completely before serving., ingredients: [1 sleeve graham crackers 9 whole crackers, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup milk, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 3 large eggs, separated, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch of kosher salt, 14 cup granulated sugar], title: Chocolate Pie, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 40379: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWrap breadsticks in bacon. Place on cookie sheet and bake for 30 minutes. Dredge through Parmesan while hot. Allow to cool and crisp, then serve., ingredients: [4 12ounce box sesame seed breadsticks, 16ounce package bacon, 8ounce container grated Parmesan], title: Bacon Wrapped Breadsticks, picturelink: 2zGAgnylXXAvIeC0aqESmcoBn4xr3DC}, 40380: {instructions: Special equipment: Cheesecloth and a finemesh strainernLine a fine mesh strainer with a double layer of cheesecloth and set over a large bowl.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the soba and cook according to the package directions. Drain and rinse under cold water. Set aside.nMeanwhile, put the kombu in another large pot with 6 cups of water. Bring to a simmer over high heat adjust the heat and simmer the kombu for 5 minutes. Remove the kombu, then add the bonito flakes to the pot. Bring back to a simmer and cook for 3 minutes. Strain the mixture through the cheeseclothlined strainer, return the liquid to the pot and stir in the mirin, soy sauce and vinegar. The broth can be used immediately, or cooled and refrigerated up to 3 days or frozen up to 1 month.nPut the sesame seeds in a small skillet and toast over medium heat until lightly golden, about 3 minutes, swirling the pan frequently so they toast evenly. Set aside. The sesame seeds can be toasted and stored at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 2 days.nCut the leafy tops off of the bok choy and set aside. Cut the stems into bitesize pieces. Add the bok choy stems and ginger to the broth, bring a simmer and cook until the bok choy is just tender, about 5 minutes. Add the bok choy tops, shrimp and leek to the broth, bring back up to a simmer and cook until the shrimp are pink and just cooked through, about 3 minutes.nDivide the soba among 4 deep bowls. Ladle broth, vegetables and shrimp into the bowls and sprinkle each with sesame seeds and radish. Serve with Japanese hot pepper seasoning on the side if using., ingredients: [13 cup mirin, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 4 heads baby bok choy, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, finely grated, 8 ounces peeled and deveined medium shrimp, tails removed, 1 slender leek, white part only, thinly sliced on a bias and soaked in cold water to remove grit, 2 radishes, cut into thin sticks, Japanese hot pepper seasoning, such as shichimi togarashi, optional, 8 ounces soba noodles no salt added, One 4 to 6inch piece kombu, rinsed well, 1 ounce bonito flakes also known as katsuobushi], title: Shrimp and Leek Soba Noodles, picturelink: UuUHzJb4O4KaszivLFq2eq9OYVzmjQ6}, 40381: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 x 16inch or 11 x 17inch jelly roll or half sheet pannPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Line bottom of pan with waxed or parchment paper so that the paper overhangs the pan at two opposite ends. Heat milk with butter in small saucepan over medium heat until butter melts. Reduce heat to low and keep hot but do not simmer. Sift flour with baking powder twice. Return to sifter and set aside. In a large heatproof bowl, use a handheld whisk to combine sugar, eggs and yolks. Set bowl over or in a pan of barely simmering water. Warm the mixture, whisking occasionally, until it is lukewarm to the touch. Alternatively, omit the water bath and hold the bowl directly over the stove burner, whisking vigorously for about a minute until the eggs are warm. This is the quickest, easiest method but you must whisk the eggs continuously to keep them from starting to scramble. Transfer bowl to electric mixer beat at high speed until mixture has cooled, tripled in volume and has the consistency of thick whipped cream. Sift onethird of flour mixture over batter and fold it gently, by hand, using the largest rubber spatula you have. Fold in half the remaining flour then fold in the remaining flour. Pour hot milk and butter into batter and fold well, scraping the bottom each time and bringing the batter up the sides of the bowl until you can no longer see traces of liquid. Transfer batter into prepared pan and spread evenly. Bake until cake is browned, starts to shrink from the sides of pan, and springs back when lightly pressed: about 10 minutes. Cool cake in pan, on a rack. When cake is cool, run a small knife or spatula around the edges to release before unmolding. Cool completely before filling., ingredients: [14 cup milk, 2 tablespoons sweet butter, cut into small pieces, 34 cup sifted cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 cup sugar, 3 egg yolks, room temperature], title: Hot Milk Sponge Sheet, picturelink: null}, 40382: {instructions: Place the ice cubes, strawberries, light rum, balsamic vinegar and basil leaves in the pitcher of a blender and blend until smooth and slushy. Pour into a tall glass and garnish with a small basil sprig.nCooks Note: If your strawberries arent very sweet, add up to 12 teaspoon superfine sugar., ingredients: [14 cup ice cubes, 12 cup sliced fresh strawberries, 4 tablespoons light rum, 12 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 2 large fresh basil leaves plus 1 small sprig for garnish], title: Fresh Strawberry Balsamic Basil Daiquiri, picturelink: gAH9..0kYLBNXPSE0lClQjG1.M4dYsi}, 40383: {instructions: Pour salad mix onto a large platter. Arrange deli meats, cheeses, tomatoes, olives, pepperoncini, and garbanzo beans on top of salad. Pour salad dressing over salad. Serve with breadsticks., ingredients: [1 5ounce bag salad mix, 1 pound mixed sliced deli meats suggested: salami, mortadella ham, capicola, 1 8ounce container fresh mozzarella bocconcini, 14 pound provolone, sliced, 2 tomatoes, quartered, 1 16ounce jar olive antipasta recommended: Giuliano, 1 cup pepperoncini, 1 can garbanzo beans, drained, 12 bottle balsamic vinaigrette, Breadsticks], title: Antipasti, picturelink: wLflojNFs6Em6Av58K.tno.8C6yIe8i}, 40384: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk olive oil and lemon juice. Add fennel, onion, parsley and toss. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Serve chilled and with the pork Panini., ingredients: [1 fennel bulb, thinly sliced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fennel Slaw, picturelink: p5DObDuDLuZ7t4eqVhglhcKpubJpP2i}, 40385: {instructions: For the fresh mozzarella: Prepare a bowl of salted warm water and a separate bowl of salted ice water. In the salted warm water, soften the mozzarella curd and pull and shape into a ball. Drop into the salted ice bath to cool. Set aside and pat dry. Slice and let dry on a papertowellined plate.nFor the tomato sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds. Increase the heat to high and add the tomatoes and oregano if using. Season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Taste for seasoning adding a pinch of sugar if needed and stir in the basil.nFor the chicken: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a baking rack over a baking sheet and set aside.nPut the breadcrumbs, flour and beaten eggs in separate shallow dishes and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sprinkle each chicken breast on both sides with salt and pepper. Dredge each breast in the flour and tap off any excess, then dip in the egg wash and let the excess drip off. Finally, dredge in the breadcrumbs. Transfer the breasts to a baking sheet or large plate.nHeat 14 cup of the oil in a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Cook 2 breasts at a time in the hot oil until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer the breasts to the baking rack on the baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining chicken breasts and oil. Place in the oven to cook further for a couple minutes, then remove and set aside.nChange the oven setting to broil.nFor the arugula salad: Dress the arugula in a large bowl with the lemon juice, extra virgin olive oil, salt and pepper and toss together.nTop each chicken breast with some tomato sauce and mozzarella slices. Broil until the chicken is cooked through and the cheese has melted, 1 to 3 minutes.nPlace some arugula salad on each plate next to a chicken piece. Garnish with freshly grated Parmesan, chopped basil and parsley sprigs., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella curd, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Pinch of red pepper flakes, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh oregano, optional, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of sugar, if needed, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 cups breadcrumbs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, for dredging, 4 large eggs, beaten, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded thinly between pieces of waxed paper or plastic wrap, 12 cup canola oil, 2 cups fresh arugula, 12 lemon, juiced, Extra virgin olive oil, as needed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated Parmesan, for garnish, Chopped fresh basil, for garnish, Fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Chicken Parmesan, picturelink: peQbH4MYj3YjtBg.EFMxikGvpEbxQX2}, 40386: {instructions: To assemble:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cover the bottom of a deep baking dish with a layer of Bolognese sauce. Lay out the uncooked pasta sheets over the sauce until they cover the baking dish entirely. Cover the pasta with another generous layer of Bolognese sauce. The liquid from the sauce will cook the dried pasta so be sure to add enough sauce. Drizzle the bechamel sauce and sprinkle the mozzarella on top, until both are distributed evenly. Add another layer of dried pasta, laying the sheets in the opposite direction. Repeat the process of adding sauces, mozzarella, and pasta for another 2 to 3 layers or until twothirds of the baking dishs depth is filled. Top off the last layer of sauces and mozzarella with a generous sprinkle of the Parmigiano cheese.nPlace the pan in oven for approximately 40 minutes and let rest for 20 minutes before serving.nIn a hot saucepan, melt the unsalted butter with the olive oil, and add the carrots, onion, celery, and chili pepper. Cook the ingredients over medium heat, until they are soft. Add a sprig of rosemary. Add the ground beef and pork, and cook until golden brown. Remove the rosemary sprig, and add the white wine. Let reduce. Add the tomato sauce or La Salsa di 5 Minuti, and let simmer on low heat for 1 hour. Before serving, add basil leaves and salt to season. Serve immediately.nSalsa di 5 Minuti:nHeat olive oil in a saucepan and add onion, garlic, and chili peppers. Gently fry ingredients together. Add pureed plum tomatoes to saucepan. Simmer on low to medium heat for 10 minutes.nSeason with salt to taste. Add basil leaves at the very end.nBechamel:nIn a saucepan, heat up the milk, and bring to a gentle simmer. In another saucepan, melt the butter and immediately add the flour.nLower the heat, and mix until the butter has absorbed all the flour and is the consistency of thick dough. Make sure the butterflour mixture does not burn or brown.nRemove the saucepan from the heat, and whisk in a couple of ladles of heated milk into the butterflour mixture. Whisk until the flour has absorbed all of the milk. Put the saucepan back on the burner over medium heat, and whisk in the remainder of the milk.nContinue whisking until the sauce thickens and becomes a creamy velvety consistency., ingredients: [1 pound dry lasagna pasta sheets, 6 cups Bolognese sauce, recipe follows, 3 cups Bechamel sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound freshly grated mozzarella, Freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large carrot, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 large celery stalk, finely chopped, 2 dried chili peppers, crushed, Sprig fresh rosemary, 12 pound ground beef, 12 pound ground pork, 1 cup white wine, 3 cups tomato sauce or La Salsa di 5 Minuti, recipe follows, 3 basil leaves, torn, Salt, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Dried chili peppers, crushed, 1 28ounce can peeled plum tomatoes, pureed, Salt, 3 fresh basil leaves, torn, 5 tablespoons butter, 5 tablespoons flour, 4 12 cups milk], title: Lazy Mans Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 40387: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a bowl and let stand 24 hours. Strain through a cheesecloth and store up to 3 months in a cool, dark place, or in the refrigerator., ingredients: [Juice of 4 lemons, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 cup dark soy sauce, 2 tablespoons tamari sauce, 3 tablespoons mirin, 13ounce dried bonito flakes, 2inch square giant kelp konbu], title: Ponzu Sauce for Dipping, picturelink: null}, 40388: {instructions: Rub the bread with the whole clove of garlic to lightly flavor the bread.nBrush the bread with olive oil and place in the oven, during the final 5 minutes of cooking of the squid.nRemove the squid and the bread from the oven and then immediately rub the bread with the inside flesh of the tomato in order to make the toasted bread moist with the fresh ripe tomato juices., ingredients: [12 slices of Italian or French style bread, 1 clove garlic, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 very ripe tomato cut in half, Salt and pepper], title: Spanish Style Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 40389: {instructions: Cut carrots, potatoes, mushrooms, squashes, jicama, radishes and tomatoes into 12inch dice. In large saucepan bring water to a boil. Blanch carrots and potatoes for 3 minutes. Drain and immediately plunge into iced water to stop the cooking. When cool, pat dry with paper towels and reserve. In large skillet heat olive oil. Add mushrooms and squashes and saute with 12 teaspoon of the salt and 14 teaspoon of pepper for 2  3 minutes. Remove from pan and spread on a cookie sheet to cool. In large bowl combine mushrooms, squashes, potatoes, carrots, radishes and tomatoes. In a blender combine 23 of the oregano, the remaining olive oil, red wine vinegar, remaining salt and 12 teaspoon pepper, the chopped peppers and puree. Arrange lettuce leaves on individual plates, top with salad, surround with avocado and sprinkle with cheese. Pour dressing over vegetables. Serve with cracked black pepper garnish.nIn small bowl combine all ingredients. Serve over vegetables., ingredients: [2 medium carrots, 34 pound small boiling potatoes, 12 pound white mushrooms, 1 medium zucchini, ends trimmed, 1 medium yellow squash, ends trimmed, 1 small jicama, peeled, 15 radishes, trimmed, 4 Italian Roma tomatoes, cored and seeds, 4 quarts salted water, 34 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 34 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 bunches oregano, leaves only, 23 cup red wine vinegar, 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 Poblano chile, stemmed, seeded and roughly chopped, 6 8 large lettuce leaves, 1 large avocado, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 cup grated Cotija or Anejo cheese, Cracked Black Pepper Garnish, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Chopped Salad, picturelink: null}, 40390: {instructions: Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until it softens but does not brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Let cool. Then stir this garlic butter into the remaining butter in a small bowl. Stir in the parsley, olive oil, salt, and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRip open the baguette lengthwise, so that it opens like a book but is not ripped entirely in half. Smear the inside of the baguette with the garlic butter. Wrap the baguette in aluminum foil and bake until heated through, 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [5 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 1 to 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 baguette], title: Ripped Baguette with GarlicParsley Butter, picturelink: null}, 40391: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo flaked salmon, add egg whites, parsley, the zest and juice of 1 lemon, 23 of the total amount of chopped garlic, the bread crumbs and lots of black pepper and a little salt. Mix together and form 4 large patties or 8 mini patties.nTo a salad bowl add the remaining zest and lemon juice, remaining garlic, chopped anchovies, Dijon mustard, and Worcestershire. Whisk in about 14 cup extravirgin olive oil and cheese. Add lots of black pepper, no salt. Add shredded lettuces to the bowl and toss to coat evenly. Now, season the slaw with salt to taste, if necessary.nPreheat 2 tablespoons, of extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, in a nonstick skillet over medium to medium high heat. Cook salmon patties 2 to 3 minutes on each side for mini patties, 4 minutes on each side for large patties.nServe salmon patties atop Caesar Slaw., ingredients: [1 14ounce can Alaskan salmon, drained and flaked, 2 egg whites, lightly beaten, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, divided, Handful parsley leaves, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 34 cup Italian bread crumbs, 3 generous handfuls, Salt and pepper, 4 anchovies, finely chopped, optional, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons plus 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, Couple handfuls grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, 2 hearts romaine lettuce, shredded, 1 head radicchio, shredded], title: Salmon Burgers with Caesar Slaw, picturelink: ViKtUl4lhgU8233.Qqy1u9f.6UsaCGy}, 40392: {instructions: Put the fatback, garlic, and rosemary into a food processor and blend until it is the consistency of toothpaste.nTie the rib in the correct way so that it is tight and will cook evenly.nRub the fat mixture all over the meat and season with salt and pepper. Place it on a very hot grill. Cook the steak on 1 side for about 8 minutes. You can move it around a little bit to find the right heat. Turn it over and cook it a little bit less on the other side, about 6 minutes.nWhen it is finished, take it off the grill and let it rest for 5 to 7 minutes. This allows the blood to circulate and allows the juices to distribute evenly., ingredients: [1 cup cubed pork fatback, 6 cloves of garlic, 2 sprigs rosemary, 1 24 to 28ounce bonein ribeye steak, Salt and pepper], title: Bistecca Fiorentina, picturelink: P3SXxnHBKxRxf8ZkoRs2yF.eZuc1kW}, 40393: {instructions: Preheat a skillet or cooking surface to mediumlow. Add the flour, baking powder and salt to a large bowl. Make a well in the middle, add the egg, milk, vanilla and 2 tablespoons of the sugar, and mix until just combined add more milk if necessary to achieve the desired consistency.nTransfer 13 of the batter to a medium bowl set the rest aside. Add the cocoa, the remaining teaspoon sugar and the cinnamon to the medium bowl, and combine. I add the cocoa to achieve more depth of color without using too much food coloring. Plus, the kids like the idea of chocolate pancakes.nDivide the cocoa batter into 2 bowls. Add red food coloring to 1 and black to the other. Divide the remaining batter into 3 bowls, and dye 1 each yellow, blue and green with the food coloring.nSpray the skillet with nonstick cooking spray or use butter. If using fruit, add it right before you begin cooking. Scoop 14cupfuls of batter onto the skillet, and cook until the edges are firm, 2 to 3 minutes per side., ingredients: [1 14 cups wholewheat flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 cup lowfat milk, plus more if needed, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon raw or organic sugar, 1 teaspoon cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, Blue, black, red, yellow and green food coloring I prefer gel I used India Tree AllNatural Decorating Colors, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup of your favorite fruit, optional], title: OlympicRing Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 40394: {instructions: For the meatballs: Add the ground beef, sausage, oats, Parmesan, parsley, dried oregano, milk, egg and some salt and pepper to a bowl and mix together well with your hands. Roll into approximately 48 meatballs 1 inch and place on a baking sheet.nTo brown the meatballs, heat some olive oil in a heavy pot or large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the meatballs in 3 batches and cook, turning, until brown, 4 to 5 minutes per batch. Remove and drain on paper towels after each batch. Set the meatballs aside.nFor the sauce: In a separate skillet or pot, heat some olive oil. Add the garlic and onion and cook until translucent, a few minutes. Add the diced tomatoes, tomato paste, hot water, parsley, sugar and some salt and pepper. Next, add the meatballs and stir to combine. Cook over medium heat for 20 minutes. Stir in the basil, then set aside to cool.nFor the layering: Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook the pasta to al dente according to the package directions. Drain and set aside to cool.nTo assemble: Spoon some cooled sauce on the bottom of a 9by13inch dish. Layer on half of the pasta, half the sauce and meatballs and then half the mozzarella cubes. Repeat the layers once more and top the dish with the grated Parmesan.nIf serving immediately, baked in a preheated oven at 350 degrees F until the cheese is golden and bubbly, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool slightly and serve.nIf serving later, cover the assembled dish and refrigerate. When ready to serve, bake straight from the fridge in a preheated oven at 350 degrees F until the cheese is golden and bubbly, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool slightly and serve., ingredients: [12 ounces ground beef, 12 ounces Italian sausage, 14 cup rolled oats, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, Splash of milk, 1 large egg, beaten, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for browning, Olive oil, as needed, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 yellow onion, chopped, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, One 12ounce can tomato paste, 2 cups hot water, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 1 pound ziti or mostaccioli pasta, 16 ounces fresh mozzarella, cut into cubes, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Mini Meatball Pasta Bake, picturelink: sRTMtp1G3UrN.Apu7MB0xMXwonhIjye}, 40395: {instructions: Create an Italian herb baste by mixing together the olive oil, Italian seasoning, parsley, basil, shallots, garlic, and Parmesan in a bowl.nPreheat a grill to medium, using mesquite wood. Coat the halibut in the Italian herb baste and place fish on the grill. Grill, turning often to avoid burning, until fish is opaque and a knife slides in easily.nRemove from heat and serve halibut with fresh vegetables and a starch of choice., ingredients: [34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons dried Italian seasoning, 1 tablespoon fresh Italian parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves, 14 cup finely chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 4 halibut steaks or fillets], title: Italian Halibut, picturelink: null}, 40396: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nDebone the entire turkey and roast just the bones in the oven for 45 minutes, turning bones occasionally. Break the turkey down, separating the parts. Reserve all of the offal cuts separately.nRemove the turkey bones from the oven and add to a large stockpot. Cover with cold water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer at least 1 hour to make turkey stock.nMelt 3 pounds of the butter and combine with Riesling. Soak the cheesecloth in the wine and butter mixture. Set aside.nReduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nDice the carrots, onions, celery, and celery root so that they are all about the same size. Toss vegetables with garlic, figs, and olive oil. Spread out on sheet pans and roast in the oven until vegetables are tender. Set aside.nCut the bread into 1inch cubes. Spread out on sheet pans and toast in the oven until golden.nCombine the roasted vegetables mixture with the toasted bread in a large bowl. Melt 1 pound butter and toss with vegetable and bread mixture. Transfer to a baking dish and add enough chicken stock to cover the mixture. Bake for 45 minutes. Reserve stuffing and keep warm.nMelt 12 cup 8 tablespoons butter in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add only the offal cuts of the turkey and saute until lightly browned and cooked through. When lightly browned, add the Madeira and deglaze the pan. Set aside to cool, chop into pieces, and reserve.nHeavily season the remaining turkey meat with salt and white pepper. Wrap the seasoned meat in the soaked cheesecloth. Roast at 400 degrees F for 25 minutes. Remove the cheesecloth from the skin and continue roasting for an additional 15 minutes. Keep checking the temperature of the meat every 15 minutes until it registers 165 degrees F. Reserve the drippings. Hold the roasted turkey at room temperature for 12 minutes before slicing.nToast the flour in a large saucepan until rust in color. Add turkey drippings, remaining 34 pound butter, bay leaves, and reserved pancetta fat from the gnocchi recipe above and stir constantly until smooth. Cook until thickened. When the gravy has reached a sufficient viscosity, strain and add the cooked, chopped offal cuts to the gravy. Refresh everything with chopped fresh herbs, to taste. Slice turkey and serve with stuffing on side and gravy over top., ingredients: [1 12pound whole turkey, 5 pounds butter, divided, 3 bottles Riesling recommended: 2003 Joh. Jos. Prum Wehlener Uhr Kabinett Riesling from MoselSaarRuwer, 4 carrots, peeled, 4 onions, peeled, 2 heads celery, 2 large celery roots, peeled, 4 heads garlic, peeled and chopped, 1 cup dried figs, 12 cup olive oil, plus more as needed, 2 Pullman loaves white bread, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 cup Madeira wine, Salt and white pepper, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 bunch fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 2 bunches fresh parsley leaves, chopped, Special Equipment: 10 feet of cheesecloth], title: Riesling Roast Turkey with Fig and Root Vegetable Dressing, picturelink: null}, 40397: {instructions: Brush the caps of each mushroom with a clean sponge. Remove and discard the stems. Slice the small mushrooms thickly and cut the large ones in a large dice.nHeat the olive oil in a large 11  inch Dutch oven or saucepan. Add the shallots and cook over low heat for 5 minutes, or until the shallots are translucent. Add the butter, mushrooms, salt, and pepper and cook over medium heat for 8 minutes, until they are tender and begin to release their juices, stirring often. Stir in the garlic and cook for 2 more minutes. Toss in the parsley, sprinkle with salt, and serve warm., ingredients: [2 pounds mixed wild mushrooms, such as cremini, shiitake, porcini, and portobello, 12 cup good olive oil, 1 cup chopped shallots 4 large, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic 6 cloves, 1 cup chopped flat leaf parsley], title: Sauteed Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 40398: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the zucchini in half lengthwise and use a small spoon to scoop out the seeds, forming a shallow cavity. Finely grated one of the seeded zucchini into a bowl, salt and set aside. Liberally sprinkle the other zucchini shells with salt and place cutside down on paper towels while preparing the filling.n2. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and pepper and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute longer. Lightly squeeze the grated zucchini to remove the excess moisture and add to the onions and peppers. Cook until the mixture dries slightly. Remove from the heat, stir in the panko, cheese, and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Cool slightly.n3. Wipe the salt from the zucchini and dry as thoroughly as possible with paper towels. Divide the filling among the zucchini halves, mounding them slightly down the center. Place on a lightly oiled baking sheet and bake until the zucchini softened and the tops brown, about 20 minutes. Carefully transfer zucchini to a platter and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [5 medium zucchini about 2 pounds, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 12 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into small dice, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 34 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Freshly ground pepper], title: Stuffed Zucchini with Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 40399: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace chickpeas, garlic, chipotle, lemon juice and tahini in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. With the machine running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Brush the pita with olive oil on both sides. Grill until golden brown. Cut into eighths. Serve hummus with pitas and peppers., ingredients: [3 cups chickpeas, cooked or canned, drained and rinsed, 6 cloves roasted garlic, 1 tablespoon chipotle puree, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons tahini, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 pita bread, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeds removed, cut into eighths, 1 red pepper, seeds removed, cut into eighths, 1 purple pepper, seeds removed, cut into eighths], title: Spicy Hummus with Grilled Pita, picturelink: SXni0ZtF7yhAZtdRB9B5QZX5nopUoDq}, 40400: {instructions: Preheat grill to medium heat.nOver medium heat melt butter in a heavy bottomed saute pan. Add the chopped shrimp, and salt and pepper, to taste and saute for 3 minutes. Add garlic and shallots and continue to saute until shrimp is bright pink and opaque. Stir in the white wine and cook until dissolved. Season with cayenne pepper. Remove the shrimp mixture to a glass bowl and let cool. Once cooled, add 2 sticks of butter and fold together to combine.nSeason the steaks with salt and black pepper on both sides.nGrill the steaks until cooked to desired doneness, about 3 to 4 minutes per side, for mediumrare. Transfer the steaks to serving plates and let rest for a few minutes.nServe the steaks with a large dollop of shrimp butter on top and sprinkled with chives., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 12 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, chopped, Salt, Cracked black pepper, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 large shallots, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons white wine, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 sticks butter, room temperature, 4 10ounce New York strip steaks, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, for garnish], title: Neelys Surf and Turf, picturelink: null}, 40401: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the dried basil, red pepper flakes and lemon zest. Add the chicken and season with salt and pepper. Marinate, refrigerated, for 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Once hot, put a baking sheet lined with foil in the oven for 20 minutes to heat up.nAdd the onion, carrots, bell pepper and broccoli to the bowl with the chicken, drizzle with a little olive oil, sprinkle with some salt and pepper and toss. Put the chicken and vegetables flat on the hot baking sheet and sprinkle with more salt and pepper. Put the baking sheet back in the oven and roast, flipping the chicken halfway through to promote even browning, until the chicken is fully cooked, about 20 minutes.nTransfer the chicken and vegetables to a platter, sprinkle on the Pecorino Romano and pickled cherry peppers and drizzle with olive oil., ingredients: [1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Zest of 1 lemon, Two 8ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts or thighs, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup diced Spanish onion 12inch dice, 12 cup diced carrots 12inch dice, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 head broccoli, cut into medium florets, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 12 cup pickled cherry peppers], title: Chicken with Basil and Pecorino Cheat Sheet, picturelink: OI5mBMAzxJJhuiUllnPRL4k6TbKIK}, 40402: {instructions: Preheat a grill to 350 degrees F.nPeel, core and slice the pineapple into 1inch thick slices.nSprinkle the sugar and cinnamon on the pineapple and grill until well marked and warmed through. Remove the pineapple from the grill to a bowl and keep warm.nBrush both sides of the cake slices with butter. Grill on each side until lightly toasted Transfer the slices to a platter and keep warm.nPut a slice of cake into each serving bowl and top with some pineapple and large scoop of ice cream. Sprinkle crumbled pralines over the ice cream and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 fresh pineapple, 2 ounces brown sugar, 1ounce ground cinnamon, 1 storebought pound cake, sliced, 4 ounces butter, softened, 12 gallon Creole cream cheese ice cream, 2 New Orleans pralines, crumbled], title: Pound Dat Pineapple, picturelink: null}, 40403: {instructions: 1. To prepare the fish: Halve the leeks lengthwise, then slice crosswise and transfer to a large bowl of water. Swish leeks to release any grit lift from the water. Drain.n2. Melt butter in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add leeks and thyme, and cook, stirring, until wilted and liquid reduces, 6 minutes. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and pepper, to taste. Add cider, bring to a boil, and cook until almost dry, 4 minutes. Stir in heavy cream, boil until thick and it coats the leeks. Add brandy, cook down slightly. Remove from heat and stir in parsley.n3. Open fish and season well with salt and pepper. Spread leek mixture along flesh and close fish. Tie closed with kitchen twine or cooked leek greens at 4inch intervals. Brush oil all over skin, season with salt and pepper.n4. Preheat the broiler to high with convection broiler if you have it. Line a pan with foil and lightly brush with oil. Place the prepared pan in broiler and heat for 510 minutes.nCarefully lay the fish on the preheated pan. Broil fish until an instantread thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 130 to 135 degrees F, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from oven and rest fish for 5 to 10 minutes before serving.n5. Stir all sauce ingredients together. Transfer fish to a serving platter, remove strings. Serve with sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 pound leeks, white and light green parts about 4 large leeks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup apple cider, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon brandy or Calvados, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 whole bookboned arctic char about 4 pounds, head and tail removed, if desired, Olive oil, for brushing, 1 cup sour cream, 13 cup prepared horseradish, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Roasted Arctic Char with Leeks and Horseradish Cream, picturelink: null}, 40404: {instructions: Special equipment: A 7inch springform pan 8 or 9inch can also worknFor the graham cracker crust: Place the crackers and sugar in a food processor and pulse to break up the crackers, then process continuously until the crackers are crushed into fine crumbs, about 30 seconds.nMix the graham cracker crumbs and melted butter together with a rubber spatula until combined. The mixture will be thick.nSpray a 7inch springform pan with baking spray and line with parchment paper.nPress the crumb mixture into the bottom of springform pan. Use the bottom of a drinking glass or flat measuring cup to press the crumbs into the sides and bottom of the pan, making it as uniform and compact as possible. The crust will be thick.nFor the frozen chocolate cheesecake: Put the cream cheese into the bowl of a stand mixer with fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix the cream cheese for 30 seconds to 1 minute. Slowly add the sweetened condensed milk and continue to mix on mediumhigh speed for about 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides with a spatula and then continue to mix for another minute. Turn off the mixer and add in the cocoa powder and confectioners sugar.nTurn on the mixer starting on low, then increase the speed to mediumhigh and mix until incorporated, about 1 minute.nRemove the bowl from the stand mixer and fold in the whipped topping by hand.nPour the mixture into the prepared graham cracker crust and place in the freezer for at least 2 hours or up to overnight. If chilling overnight, remove the cheesecake from the freezer after 1 hour and cover with plastic wrap, then return to the freezer.nWhen ready to serve, preheat the broiler. Remove the cheesecake from the freezer and run a sharp paring knife between edge of the springform pan and the graham cracker crust. Open the clasp on the pan and press up from the bottom, allowing the external ring to fall free of the bottom.nPlace the cheesecake on a baking sheet and cover with marshmallows, allowing them to pile up and be stacked highest in the middle.nPlace the cheesecake in the broiler and let broil until the marshmallows start to brown and melt together, 1 to 2 minutes. Carefully transfer the cheesecake to a serving plate. Sprinkle the cheesecake with the remaining graham cracker crumbs, if desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 cups 250 grams graham cracker crumbs reserve 1 to 2 tablespoons for garnish if desired, 12 cup 100 grams granulated sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, melted, Nonstick baking spray, 1 package 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 can 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup 60 grams unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 cup 30 grams confectioners sugar, 1 container 8 ounces frozen nondairy whipped topping, such as Cool Whip, completely thawed, 2 to 3 cups miniature marshmallows], title: NoBake Frozen Smores Cheesecake, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 40405: {instructions: Whisk 1 cup of the flour with the beer in a large bowl until smooth. Pour through a strainer into another bowl and let stand for 1 hour. Thin with additional beer just before frying, if necessary. It should be the consistency of pancake batter.nMeanwhile, mix the mayonnaise with the olives and lemon juice in a small bowl. Thin with 1 to 2 tablespoons water, if you like. Keep covered in the refrigerator until ready to serve the zucchini. Makes about 1 1 4 cup.nCut the zucchini into sticks that measure 34inch wide and 4 inches long. Heat 3 to 4 inches of oil in a large deep saucepan until a deepfat frying thermometer reaches 360 degrees F. Combine the remaining 12 cup flour with salt and pepper in a shallow bowl or pie plate. Add the zucchini and toss to cover in flour. Transfer to a sieve and shake to remove excess flour. Working in batches, dip in the batter, letting the excess drip off. Fry until golden brown and crisp, about 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt. Serve the olive mayonnaise on the side for dipping., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup beer, plus more as needed for thinning, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup chopped pitted kalamata olives, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 medium zucchini, about 1 pound, washed, Vegetable oil, for frying, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Crispy Zucchini Sticks with Olive Dip, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 40406: {instructions: Blend the first three ingredients and pour into a wire mesh strainer to get rid of the seeds. Add to a punch bowl or large pitcher. Mix in remaining ingredients and enjoy, ingredients: [2 10 oz. packages frozen raspberries thawed, 1 6 oz. can of frozen pink lemonade concentrate thawed and undiluted, 14 cup of sugar, 1 bottle of Biltmore Estate Zinfandel Blanc de Noir or other rose, 1 2liter bottle of raspberry or regular ginger ale], title: Poinsettia Punch, picturelink: null}, 40407: {instructions: In the bottom of a steamer pot, put 4 cups water and 2 tablespoons salt. In the top portion of the pot, place the onions, fennel, potatoes and garlic. Pour the beer over the vegetables and add the sausage and 5 of the thyme sprigs. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to mediumhigh. Cover and steam for 15 minutes.nThen create layers, first by adding the corn, then the lobsters, followed by the clams and, finally, the remaining thyme sprigs. Cover and cook until the lobsters are bright red, the clams are open and the potatoes are cooked through, another 15 to 25 minutes.nDrain the liquid from the pot and reserve it in a bowl. Transfer the shellfish, sausage, potatoes, vegetables and corn onto a table covered with newspaper. Enjoy with melted butter, lemon wedges, crusty bread and the reserved broth., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 5 small onions, quartered, 1 large bulb fennel, trimmed and thinly sliced, 20 small tricolored potatoes, 12 head garlic, One 12ounce bottle light beer, such as pilsner, 1 pound kielbasa sausage, cut into 2inch pieces, 12 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 ears corn, husked, Four 1 12pound live lobsters, 2 12 pounds fresh hardshelled clams, such as littlenecks, Salted butter, melted, for serving, Lemons, cut into wedges, for serving, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Lobster Boil, picturelink: CoVMPKM972rwVMgvzWObGMS2lKrh4a}, 40408: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nPrepare chicken by cutting off the legs, neck, and wings. Remove skin from legs and debone both legs reserve skin. Take the skin and roll it out until flat. Place between 2 silpat mats or greased parchment paper and bake with weighted iron until crisp and golden. Reserve both crisp skin and chicken for later. Leave oven at 250 degrees F.nBeurre blanc: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots and cook until translucent and softened. Deglaze the pan with wine. Add cream and then slowly emulsify the remaining butter into the liquid until creamy and emulsified. Remove from the heat.nSeason the reserved chicken breasts with salt and pepper and then place breasts, wing side down, in a rondeau. Pour beurre blanc over the breasts and add thyme, lemon verbena, and cardamom. Make sure the chicken has enough room to swim in the butter and is completely covered. Cover chicken with a round cut from parchment paper. Poach in the oven at 250 degrees F until fully cooked through and tender. Make sure butter does not exceed 140 degrees F.nRoulade: Remove any tendons and sinew from the legs and lightly flatten the leg meat. Season the legs with salt and pepper and fill with a 4ounce piece of foie gras that has been cut into a long rectangle. Repeat this step for the other leg. Roll the leg around the foie gras and let it rest on the fold. Soak the caul fat in salted water for 30 minutes.nUnwrap the caul fat and lay it out to dry. Cut a square out of the caul fat about the same size as the length of the roulade. Allow enough fat to cover the roulade completely. Using butchers twine, tie up the roulade, allowing at least an inch in between each tie and making sure you do not tie the roulade too tight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the roulades in a large, hot, ovensafe skillet. Sear over high heat until evenly browned. Transfer skillet to the oven and roast until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F. Remove from the heat and let rest.nGarnish: Blanch the leeks and asparagus in boiling, salted water. Glaze with butter, thyme, and minced shallots. Season with sea salt and pepper.nArrange the leeks on 1 side of the plate diagonally from a pile of the asparagus. Place a slice of the poached chicken breast on top of the asparagus. Place a slice of the chicken roulade on top of the baby leeks. Garnish the plate with summer truffle slices, and a pluche of fine herbs. Finish with Fleur de Sel and crisp chicken skin.nSauce: Reduce your chicken jus until it reaches the desired flavor. Adjust the flavor with 50 percent red wine reduction, percent Port wine reduction, and a little foie gras fat. Drizzle sauce over chicken and serve., ingredients: [1 2 12 to 3pound chicken, 3 pounds unsalted butter, 1 shallot, minced, 8 ounces dry white wine, 4 ounces heavy cream, Sea Salt fleur de sel, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 sprig lemon verbena, 3 cardamom pods, 2 chicken legs reserved from chicken above, 12 pound foie gras, 6 ounces caul fat, 9 baby leeks, trimmed, 20 asparagus spears, trimmed, Butter, 1 tablespoon minced thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 2 ounces summer truffle, Fine Herbs pluches chervil, parsley, thyme, tarragon, and chives, Fleur de Sel, for garnish, Chicken jus reserved from cooking, Red wine reduction, Port wine reduction, Foie gras fat from rendering], title: Butter Braised Giannone Chicken with Summer Truffles and Foie Gras, picturelink: null}, 40409: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Unroll the pie dough onto a baking sheet and sprinkle with pepper and a pinch of poultry seasoning cut into quarters. Bake until puffed and golden, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, undisturbed, 2 minutes, then cook, stirring, 1 more minute. Transfer to a bowl. Add the celery, onion, flour, 12 teaspoon salt and the remaining 12 teaspoon poultry seasoning to the pot and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in 2 cups water, the broth, halfandhalf and potatoes cover and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer, partially covered, 10 minutes. Add the peas and carrots and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 6 minutes. Return the chicken to the pot and simmer until cooked through, about 1 minute. Divide among bowls and top with the crust.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 disk refrigerated pie dough, Freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon plus a pinch of poultry seasoning, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 12inch pieces, Kosher salt, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup halfandhalf, 3 medium Yukon gold potatoes, chopped, 1 10ounce package frozen mixed peas and carrots], title: Chicken Potpie Soup, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 40410: {instructions: Slice the ends off the oranges, and discard. Working from the top to the bottom, slice the peel off in strips, to reveal the orange flesh. Cut the white pith from the back of the peel with a sharp knife, and discard. Slice the orange peel into fine julienne strips, put it in a saucepan, cover with cold water, and bring to a boil. Drain, and rinse under cold running water. Repeat this process three times. Blanching the orange peel like this removes much of the bitter taste.nCut out the sections from the oranges into a bowl, squeezing any juice out of the membrane before discarding. Set aside.nPour the sugar into a saute pan or large heavy saucepan. Melt the sugar and let it develop a deep amber color, without letting it burn. Pour over 1 cup water250 ml water and any juice that has pooled around the orange slices. The caramel will seize up, so leave the pan on the heat until the water and juice dissolve into the caramel. Add the drained julienne of zests and boil until they turn translucent, become candy coated and a dark amber color, 5 to 10 minutes. The zests will be sweet and chewy with a faint hint of bitterness and intense orange flavor.nAdd about 4 spoonfuls of this caramel with candied orange zest to the fresh orange slices, and toss. Cover, and set aside in a cool place until serving.nCool the remaining caramel and orange zest. If too thick, simply thin out with a bit of water to achieve a thick syrup. Store in a glass jar in the refrigerator it will keep for at least 6 months.nServe the oranges with their caramel and candied peel sprinkled with lightly toasted almond slivers and slightly sweetened whipped cream., ingredients: [4 organic oranges, scrubbed clean, 2 cups390 g sugar, 14 cup15 g slivered almonds, toasted, About 12 cup125 ml heavy cream, whipped and slightly sweetened], title: Oranges with Amber Caramel and Candied Zest, picturelink: null}, 40411: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together olive oil, mustard, vinegar, pepper, garlic salt, dried basil, sugar, and salt until dressing is well combined.nIn another large bowl, combine the spinach, mushrooms, strawberries, and red onion. Add the dressing and toss well. Sprinkle with the Candied Almonds.nIn a saute pan over medium heat, add the sugar and heat until it melts, about 6 minutes. Add the slivered almonds and cook until the sugar has caramelized, stirring constantly. Remove from the pan to a parchment lined sheet pan and cool. Once it has cooled, break into small pieces and set aside., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons Dijon or honey mustard, 2 teaspoons raspberryflavored vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 2 teaspoons sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 cups baby spinach, washed well, 4 mushrooms, sliced, 4 strawberries, sliced, 12 medium red onion, halved and sliced, Candied Almonds, recipe follows, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup slivered almonds], title: Spinach Salad with Raspberry Dressing, picturelink: null}, 40412: {instructions: Make the dipping sauce: In a small bowl combine vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil and ginger. Set aside and allow the flavors to develop.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the egg white, vinegar, and sesame oil season it with salt and pepper. Add the ginger, shallot, scallion, and cilantro. Pick over the crab to remove any stray bits of shell and to break up any large pieces. Fold the crab meat into the egg white mixture. Place 1 tablespoon of the crab mixture in the center of a wonton wrapper. Moisten the edges with water and fold in half to create a half moon shape. Pleat the edges between your fingers, making about 4 or 5 pleats. Repeat with remaining filling and wrappers.nIn a medium sized, flat bottom skillet, heat 2 tablespoons peanut oil over mediumhigh heat. Add half the dumplings, pleat side up, and fry for 1 to 2 minutes, until bottoms are golden brown. Carefully add 14 cup water to pan, it can splatter. Cover and steam dumplings for 4 to 5 minutes. Remove cover and continue cooking until most of the water is evaporated. Clean out pan and repeat. Serve immediately with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [12 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger, 1 egg white, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seed oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon finely minced shallot, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 34 pound stone crabmeat, 24 round wonton wrappers, 4 tablespoons peanut oil, 12 cup water, for steaming], title: Stone Crab Potstickers, picturelink: null}, 40413: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLightly crush gingersnap cookies and add to food processor. Crumb the cookies with pulse setting of the processor.nHeat the butter to melt in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the peaches to the skillet and season with salt, add lime juice and saute to soften the slices 6 to 7 minutes. Sprinkle in brown sugar and toss to coat. Season peaches with cinnamon and nutmeg. Spoon peaches into dessert cups and top with small scoops of ice cream, top with ginger crumbles., ingredients: [1 cup gingersnaps, 3 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 4 peaches, sliced, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch nutmeg, to taste, 12 pint raspberries, 1 pint vanilla ice cream], title: Peach Melba Saute and Ice Cream, picturelink: NP0CUUALd3ZcrHYCr2Tm5aOiLFbEPgi}, 40414: {instructions: Using a large ice cream scoop, scoop a heaping ball of dolce de leche. Before releasing the ice cream from the ice cream scoop, shove 1 mini peanut butter cup into the center of the ice cream ball. With a spoon push the ice cream over to cover the peanut butter cup. Repeat 3 more times. Roll the stuffed ice cream balls in the crushed up cookie crumbs and then transfer to the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes to firm up a bit. To serve, place an ice cream ball in a dessert bowl and pour both chocolate and caramel sauce over the top., ingredients: [1 pint dolce de leche ice cream, slightly softened, 4 mini peanut butter cups, 12 peanut butter cookies, such as nutter butters, coarsely ground in food processor or smashed to bits in a resealable plastic bag, Chocolate sauce, store bought, Caramel sauce, store bought], title: Penuche Caramel Ice Cream Balls, picturelink: null}, 40415: {instructions: Whisk together the mayonnaise, olive oil, lime zest, lime juice, dill, sugar, celery salt and cumin seeds in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cabbage, carrots, onions and peppers, and toss to coat in the dressing. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours before serving., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Zest of 1 lime, finely grated, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 12 teaspoon toasted cumin seeds, crushed in a mortar and pestle, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small head napa cabbage, finely shredded, 1 large carrot, grated on the large holes of a box grater, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 small red bell pepper, julienned, 1 small yellow bell pepper, julienned], title: Coleslaw with Creamy Cumin Vinaigrette, picturelink: 8FhxDWaIq7Fs7KFlOHbjsssUu0oBG}, 40416: {instructions: Make the cookies: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Stir the milk, espresso powder and vanilla in a liquid measuring cup until dissolved. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and creamy, about 1 minute. Add the egg and beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in half of the flour mixture, then the milk mixture, then the remaining flour mixture. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat until smooth, about 1 minute.nDrop tablespoonfuls of dough about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets dip the spoon in water if the dough sticks form into even mounds with damp fingers. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are set around the edges and the tops spring back when touched, about 10 minutes. Let cool 3 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMake the filling: Beat the mascarpone, cream cheese, 13 cup confectioners sugar and the vanilla in a medium bowl with a mixer on medium speed until smooth and light, about 1 minute. Transfer half of the filling to a separate bowl. Stir the liqueur and espresso powder in a small bowl until dissolved, then add to the remaining filling and beat until combined. Transfer the fillings to separate large resealable plastic bags and snip a corner on each.nFlip over half of the cookies pipe a circle of espresso filling around the edge of the cookies. Pipe the plain filling inside the circles and sandwich with the remaining cookies. Refrigerate until the filling is firm, about 1 hour. Dust with confectionersu00bf sugar.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup milk, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 6 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 13 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder], title: Tiramisu Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: Bpk7x7rJ8TKeliNJFcO762UhOyEh4C}, 40417: {instructions: Place all ingredients in the bowl of your food processor fitted with the steel blade. Process using onoff turns until finely chopped but not pureed. Spoon into a decorative bowl or crock, cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight so the flavors can meld.nNote: Its important not to overprocess this or the texture will become powdery and mousselike.nTo serve: To enjoy best flavor, remove the spread from the refrigerator fifteen minutes or so to allow the mixture to temp up. Serve either with assorted warmed crackers or any of the suggested accompaniments listed in the introduction to this recipe., ingredients: [Food processor, 2 cups packed smoked trout fillets, skinned and flaked Purchase 1 generous pound of fillets and remove and discard the skin before measuring., 12 cup firmly packed minced scallions use all white and 1 12 to 2 inches of the tender green after removing the roots, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon strained fresh lemon juice, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 rounded tablespoons chopped Italian flat leaf parsley, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, Generous amount of freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Trout Spread, picturelink: null}, 40418: {instructions: Beat the eggs and add the milk, water and oil. Whisk in flour and strain through a fine mesh sieve. Add remaining ingredients and refrigerate for at least 12 hour.nSeparate the broccoli into florets. Heat both oils together over a high heat and char the broccoli for approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Add remaining ingredients, ensuring that the hoisin sauce is the last, and stir fry for 30 seconds. Remove from heat and set aside.nCoat a nonstick 12 inch skillet with vegetable oil and put over a low flame. Ladle 1 ounce of crepe batter into skillet and tilt to spread to the edges of the pan. When surface is dry, remove the crepe and repeat this process to make 8 crepes.nFill the crepes and roll them. Brown the crepes in a nonstick skillet, on all sides, adding a few drops of canola oil as necessary.nToss salad ingredients together. Arrange 2 crepes on each plate and top with salad., ingredients: [2 eggs, 34 cup milk, 34 cup water, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 tablespoon black sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons chives, chopped finely, 1 tablespoon toasted orange rind, Pinch of salt, 12 tablespoon canola oil, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 head of broccoli, 1 12 cups bean sprouts, 2 oranges, sectioned, 14 cup chopped cashews, 1 carrot, finely julienned, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 2 bunches watercress, stems removed, 1 cup mung bean sprouts, 12 cup garlic sprouts optional, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 tablespoon canola oil, Salt and freshly cracked pepper, to taste], title: Moo Shu Style Vegetable Pancakes with Watercress Salad and Mung Bean Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 40419: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pat the ribs dry, season with salt and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon paprika. Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the ribs in batches and cook until browned, about 8 minutes per side. Remove to a plate. Add the onions and cook until browned, about 10 minutes. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon paprika and season with salt.nAdd the beer bring to a boil and cook until the liquid is reduced by half, about 8 minutes, scraping up the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon. Add the chicken broth, bay leaves and thyme when the liquid begins to simmer, return the ribs to the pot and transfer to the oven. Cook, uncovered, turning the ribs once or twice, until the meat is almost tender, about 1 hour.nMix the vinegar and honey in a measuring cup. Remove the pot from the oven and place on the stovetop bring to a simmer over medium heat. Add the vinegar mixture and bring to a boil, then return the pot to the oven. Continue to braise, uncovered, until the ribs are tender, 15 to 20 more minutes. Return the pot to the stovetop and transfer the ribs to a plate. Bring the sauce to a boil over medium heat skim off the fat and cook until thickened, 10 to 15 minutes. Return the ribs to the pot and heat through. Discard the bay leaves and thyme. Photograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 pounds bonein countrystyle pork ribs, Kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons hot paprika, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 medium onions, peeled and cut into wedges, 1 12ounce bottle amber ale, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 bay leaves, 6 sprigs thyme, 23 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons honey], title: BeerBraised CountryStyle Pork Ribs, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 40420: {instructions: Between sheets of plastic wrap pound the thicker side of the breast to make it overall more even in thickness and season lightly with salt.nHeat the sesame oil in a skillet over moderate heat. Add the chicken breasts and tenderloins. Saute the chicken without disturbing the pieces for 4 to 5 minutes. Youll know to turn the chicken over when the top looks opaque tenderloins may take only 2 to 3 minutes per side. Turn the chicken over to the other side and saute, undisturbed again for another 4 to 5 minutes or until the interior is cooked through.nRemove the chicken to a plate and discard the fat from the skillet. Squeeze the juice from the lime into the skillet and scrape up any coagulated juices into the juice add the coconut milk, bring it to a simmer. Remove the skillet from the heat and whisk in the scallions and cilantro season to taste with salt and dried red pepper flakes., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, tenderloins separated, Salt, 1 tablespoon Oriental sesame oil, Half a lime or lemon, seeds removed, 13 cup coconut milk, 1 small scallion green onion, trimmed and finely sliced, 14 cup chopped cilantro, Dried red pepper flakes], title: Saute of Chicken Breasts with Coconut Milk and Herbs, picturelink: null}, 40421: {instructions: Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add Truviau00ae natural sweetener, salt and popcorn and stir to coat. Cover and shake constantly over medium heat until most of the corn has popped, about 4 to 5 minutes.nWhen the popping slows to once every 2 to 3 seconds, remove the lid and shake until all popping has stopped. remove from the heat and quickly transfer to a serving bowl. Salt to taste., ingredients: [14 cup grapeseed oil or canola oil, 14 cup Truviau00ae natural sweetener or 14 packets, 14 tsp. fine sea salt, 23 cup unpopped popcorn kernels], title: Truviau00ae natural sweetener Sweet and Salty Kettle Corn, picturelink: null}, 40422: {instructions: Wash the chiles, leaving the stems intact. Cut a very shallow cross in the tip of each so that the vinegar can penetrate. In a large deep skillet, preferably cast iron, heat the olive oil over high heat until it is smoking. Reduce the heat to medium and throw in the chiles, onions, carrots, an garlic. Saute for about 10 minutes, turning the vegetables over occasionally. Add the vinegar, water, salt, and all the herbs, reduce the heat o mediumlow and simmer for 5 minutes more. Transfer the vegetables o a very clean crock or deep bowl and pour the vinegar mixture over them. Cool to room temperature, then cover tightly and refrigerate for up to 1 week. If desired, sterilize 6 pint jars according to the manufacturers instructions, fill and seal them for longer keeping., ingredients: [1 12 pounds serrano or jalapeno chiles, 34 cup olive oil, 2 medium white onions, cut into 12inch slices, 3 medium carrots, cut into 12inch slices, 1 head of garlic, separated into cloves but not peeled, 2 cups white wine vinegar, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 3 sprigs fresh marjoram, leaves only, finely chopped, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, finely chopped], title: Serranos en Escabeche, picturelink: null}, 40423: {instructions: Special equipment: small halfcircle chocolate moldsnFor the filling: Place the tapioca in a pot of water and bring to a boil cook at a boil until clear, then drain the tapioca. Add the coconut puree to desired consistency.nFor the shell: Melt the chocolate and pour it into the chocolate molds, and then knock them carefully on a hard surface to release any air bubbles. Pour the excess chocolate back into the bowl of warmed chocolate. Scrape the flat portion of the mold to clean off the molds. Cool the shells to harden completely.nPour the tapioca into the chocolate molds. Pour more chocolate over the filling, and scrape the excess again, then place the molds in the refrigerator to cool and set up completely.nTo make the chocolate legs, drizzle some melted chocolate on wax paper in long strands, then freeze. Break the chocolate strands into pieces and stick them on the sides of the spiders using some melted chocolate as the glue., ingredients: [8 ounces tapioca pearls, 8 ounces coconut puree, 16 ounces dark chocolate], title: Infested Coconut TapiocaFilled Chocolate Spiders, picturelink: SUesE8ewiSC6phRTT4.MXaUl6JL3KHq}, 40424: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray one 9 by 17inch sheet tray with vegetable spray, line with parchment paper and spray again. In a mixer, using the whip attachment, whip the egg yolks and the sugar until doubled in volume and pale yellow add vanilla extract. Sift together the flour, cocoa powder, and baking powder and powdered sugar twice. Slowly add the dry ingredients to the mixing bowl, running at slow speed, until fully incorporated.nIn a clean and greaseless bowl, whip the egg whites until firm but not dry. Incorporate a fifth of the whipped egg whites into the cocoa mixture and mix until well incorporated. Fold the remaining egg whites into the cocoa mixture in 3 batches and immediately spread onto a large baking sheet using an offset spatula, being careful not to overwork the dough. Bake for 6 to 8 minutes.nImmediately run the tip of a knife around the edge of the cake to loosen it from the sides of the sheet tray then slide it with the parchment paper onto a cool surface. Trim dry edges of the cake.nVanilla Cream Filling: With an electric mixer, beat together the butter and the vegetable shortening until blended. Turn the mixer down to its lowest setting and gradually add the confectioners sugar. Turn the mixer back up and beat at high speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Gradually beat in the vanilla and corn syrup until the filling is the consistency of sour cream, about 2 minutes more.nUsing a sharp knife, cut the cake in half lengthwise. Using an offset spatula, spread a 18inch thick layer of vanilla cream filling over half of the cake and cut into 5 equal sections per half. Roll up each section tightly peeling off parchment paper as you roll and place in the freezer for 30 minutes.nMelt the bittersweet chocolate in the top of a double boiler and add cocoa butter or vegetable oil. Place the rolls 1 at a time directly in the double boiler of melted chocolate. Coat each roll completely in the chocolate. Using two forks, carefully transfer the rolls to a parchmentlined tray, allowing any excess chocolate to drip back into the double boiler. Continue with the remaining rolls, pouring more of the chocolate onto the plate as needed., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable spray, for coating parchment, 5 eggs, separated, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup flour, 12 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, Vanilla cream filling, recipe follows, 14 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 2 ounces cocoa butter or vegetable oil, 4 ounces or 1 stick butter, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 4 tablespoons light corn syrup], title: Devils Food Vanilla Cream Spirals, picturelink: X.GpZmroQ5HdRfz3jeRyzIbh.vUuiC}, 40425: {instructions: For the gnocchi: Put the whole potatoes into a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook until they are tender when pierced with a fork. Let them cool slightly, remove the skins and put them through a food mill or ricer directly onto a floured work surface. Add the Parmesan, fenugreek, garam masala, paprika, salt, pepper and egg and gently begin to knead, adding flour as you go. You may not need all the flour, so add it in increments. Continue to knead until a loose dough forms, taking care not to overwork it as it will become tough. Cut the dough into 3 or 4 big pieces, and then roll each piece into a long rope, about 12inch in diameter. Cut each rope into 1inch pieces and gently roll along the tines on the back of a fork to create a ribbed appearance. Cover with a cloth until ready to cook.nFor the mushrooms: Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. When it begins to foam, add the onions and saute until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garam masala and stir. Add the mushrooms and continue to saute until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Pour in the wine and stir and cook until it has reduced slightly. Pour in the cream, stir well and season with salt. Allow to reduce until the cream has thickened and coats the back of a spoon, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in the arugula and let it wilt. Keep warm until ready to serve.nTo finish the dish: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add some of the gnocchi. Avoid crowding by cooking them in batches. When they float to the surface, remove then with a slotted spoon and drain. Spoon the gnocchi into shallow bowls and ladle some sauce over them. Garnish with shavings of Parmesan and pepper., ingredients: [3 large Yukon Gold potatoes, 1 12 to 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon dried fenugreek leaves, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, A pinch of salt, A pinch of pepper, 1 egg, lightly whisked, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 3 cups thinly sliced mushrooms use a mix including shiitake, oyster or cremini, 12 cup white wine, 1 12 cups whipping cream, A pinch of salt, A large handful of arugula, Parmesan shavings, for garnish, Freshly ground pepper, for garnish], title: IndianStyle Gnocchi, picturelink: null}, 40426: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut a large piece of aluminum foil on a baking sheet and put the beets on it. Drizzle olive oil over them and wrap them tightly in the foil, making a packet. Roast until a knife inserted into the largest beet meets no resistance, about 1 hour to 1 hour and 15 minutes. Cool and remove the skins by rubbing the beets with a paper towel. Gloves are a good idea to prevent staining your hands.nCut the peel away from the oranges with a sharp knife, exposing the flesh. Hold the peeled orange in your hand and carefully slice the segments away from the membrane, dropping them into a bowl. Do not discard membrane. Thinly slice the beets and arrange on serving plates. Scatter the orange segments and hazelnuts over the sliced beets, drizzle the plates with olive oil and squeeze a little juice from the orange membrane over each plate. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with shaved thin slices of cheese and serve., ingredients: [4 medium red beets, tops removed and scrubbed, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 navel oranges, 14 cup toasted, peeled hazelnuts, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 small wedge Pecorino Romano, for shaving], title: Roasted Beet Salad, picturelink: null}, 40427: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the Fines Herbs, combine the parsley, chervil, chives and tarragon in a small bowl and set aside.nBreak the eggs into a small bowl, and then add the milk, 2 tablespoons Fines Herbs, salt and pepper and whisk with a fork.nPreheat an 8inch nonstick saute pan over medium hot heat and swirl the olive oil into the pan. Pour in the egg mixture and swirl it in the pan. For a few seconds, gently stir the egg mixture with a heat resistant rubber spatula as if you were going to make scrambled eggs and then swirl the eggs in the pan to make a nice round appearance. Reduce the heat to avoid any color or scorching. Continue cooking for about 1 minute. The eggs will be set on the bottom, but slightly liquid on top.nFlip the omelet, and remove it from the heat. Crumble the goat cheese over the center of the omelet and top it off with the roasted peppers. Trifold the omelet and plate immediately., ingredients: [12 tablespoon medium chopped fresh Italian parsley, 12 tablespoon medium chopped fresh chervil, 34 tablespoon thin sliced fresh chives, 12 teaspoon thin sliced fresh tarragon, 2 extralarge eggs, 2 tablespoons milk, Pinch kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 ounces plain goat cheese, 2 ounces roasted red peppers, julienned], title: Fines Herbs Omelette, picturelink: 7YIZXZQuJ6bDaDEnqQMyhIu9CXvUe}, 40428: {instructions: In a food processor or blender puree the cantaloupe with the lemon juice in batches until it is very smooth and in a bowl chill it, covered, for at least 3 hours or overnight. In the food processor or blender puree the honeydew with the lime juice and the minced mint in batches until it is very smooth and in a bowl chill it, covered, for at least 3 hours or overnight. Pour at the same time, using 2 measuring cups, equal amounts of both soups into chilled bowls and garnish each serving with sour cream if desired and a mint sprig., ingredients: [1 small very ripe cantaloupe, peeled, seeded and chopped coarse, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 12 very ripe honeydew melon, peeled, seeded and chopped coarse, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh mint, or to taste, plus additional mint sprigs for garnish, Sour cream for garnish if desired], title: Two Melon Soup, picturelink: null}, 40429: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nIn large skillet, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add onion saute 1 minute. Add all mushrooms, garlic and thyme saute until beginning to brown, about 6 minutes or until liquid evaporates. Remove from heat. Stir in cream and cheeses. Season with salt and pepper.nTop each toast with about 1 tablespoon mushroom topping. Place toasts on rimmed baking sheets. Working in batches, broil until cheese is melted and begins to brown, watching closely to prevent burning, about 2 minutes. Transfer to serving platter and serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup chopped onion, 5 cups finely chopped mushrooms, blend of button and wild, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 cup whipping cream, 12 cup grated fontina cheese, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 24 slices Melba toast], title: Wild Mushroom Toasts, picturelink: RAa3MCSHfudj5mc8L6pEgXxnJ.poku.}, 40430: {instructions: For the Swiss meringue buttercream: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, thoroughly whisk together the sugar and egg whites. Set the bowl over a pan of boiling water. Whisking constantly, heat to 145 to 150 degrees F. Return the mixing bowl to the stand and whisk until stiff and the bottom of the bowl comes to room temperature, about 8 minutes. Change to the paddle attachment and turn the mixer to low speed. Add the butter, a few cubes at a time, until incorporated. Mix at medium speed until light and fluffy. Add the vanilla and mix until combined. Use 4 cups for the flavored buttercreams in this recipe, and reserve the remaining 4 cups for another use. For the chocolate mascarpone buttercream: Fold the melted and cooled chocolate and the mascarpone cheese into 2 cups of the Swiss meringue buttercream. For the Zinfandel buttercream: Blend the Zinfandel wine into 2 cups of the Swiss meringue buttercream. Spoon the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a large straight pastry tip. For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line standard cupcake pans with 27 cupcake liners. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the sugar, buttermilk, and oil. Mix well. Add the eggs and vanilla, mixing on low speed until completely mixed together. Sift the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and sea salt into a separate bowl and whisk together. In a liquid measuring cup, mix the water with the instant coffee, dissolving the coffee powder completely. Add 12 the dry ingredients to the buttermilk mixture just until incorporated. Mix in the water and coffee mixture. Add the rest of the dry ingredients, mixing until combined, and then beat for 2 minutes. Fill the cupcake liners 34 full and bake until golden brown, 17 to 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely. For the chocolate frosting: Heat the cream until hot but do not boil. Remove from the heat and add the chocolate. Stir until completely melted and smooth. Set aside to cool. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and salt until smooth. Add 12 the powdered sugar, mixing until smooth. Add the chocolate and the remaining powdered sugar and mix until creamy. Adjust to desired spreading consistency with additional cream or powdered sugar, if needed. Place in a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. To assemble: Remove a piece from the center of each cupcake and fill the cupcake with about 1 tablespoon chocolate mascarpone Swiss buttercream. Pipe a generous amount of chocolate frosting onto the top of the cupcake. Pipe a dollop of Zinfandel Swiss meringue buttercream on top of the chocolate frosting. Top with half a strawberry and drizzle with melted chocolate., ingredients: [2 34 cups sugar, 1 14 cups pasteurized egg whites, 2 12 cups 5 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 ounces dark chocolate discs, melted and cooled, 3 ounces mascarpone cheese, room temperature, softened with the back of a spoon, 3 tablespoons Zinfandel Wine, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup canola oil, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 34 cup warm water, 2 teaspoons instant coffee, 2 14 cups unbleached pastry flour, 34 cup cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 cup dark chocolate discs, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup cocoa powder, 6 to 8 cups powdered sugar, sifted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 27 strawberry halves, for garnish, Melted chocolate, for garnish], title: Chocolate Cupcakes with Chocolate Mascarpone Filling and Zinfandel Buttercream, picturelink: zJedabporRAB12MA1aBecnfU7s1z1ai}, 40431: {instructions: In large, nonstick skillet, add oil and heat over medium heat to high heat. Add onions and saute until soft, about 3 minutes. Add curry powder, pepper, salt, ginger, cumin and cook about 1 minute. Add the bay leaves and the vegetables. Cover with the juice and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove cover and continue cooking a few more minutes to remove some of the liquid. Remove bay leaves before serving with rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 bay leaves, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 12 cup sliced snow peas or sugar snap peas, 12 pound green beans, sliced into 1inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 yellow bell pepper, chopped, 12 pound broccoli florets, cut into 14inch pieces, 12 pound zucchini, 3 celery stalks, chopped, 12 cup lemon juice], title: Vegetable Curry, picturelink: null}, 40432: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a large castiron skillet to medium hot. Take a few paper towels and fold them several times to make a thick square. Blot a small amount of oil on the paper towel and carefully and quickly wipe the hot skillet to make a nonstick surface.nSeason the ground meat in a bowl with salt and pepper. Give it about 3 turns in the bowl with your hands or a big spoon and its done. Shape into 4 patties. When the skillet is hot, put the burgers on the skillet and cook 4 minutes on the first side and 5 for the second side for rare 7 minutes per side for medium, adding the cheese during the final minute or 2 to melt. Remove the burgers to a plate. Rub the skillet with the folded paper towel again to clean it. Then toast the buns cut side down for about 1 minute, just to mark them. Serve the hamburgers in the buns with the accompaniments below.nSaute 1 pound thickly sliced mushrooms in 14 cup olive oil with 2 sliced garlic cloves and 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves over superhigh heat until nicely browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in a couple of drops fresh lemon juice to brighten the flavor.nHeat 2 tablespoons unsalted butter with 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pan over medium heat. Add 2 onions, cut into 12inchthick slices, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook slowly until well caramelized, 15 to 20 minutes.nThickly slice 2 pounds red and yellow beefsteak tomatoes, drizzle with olive oil, and sprinkle with sea salt and 12 bunch chopped fresh chives.nLay out 12 pound sliced bacon on a baking sheet, strip leaves from 1 sprig rosemary and throw them on top with lots of cracked black pepper and roast at 400 degrees F until the bacon is crisp, about 10 minutes.nStir together 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 14 cup freshly minced herbs such as parsley, basil, chives or scallion, 2 tablespoons olive oil, a little squeeze of lemon juice, and salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds brisket, ground, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 thin slices Swiss cheese, 4 hamburger buns, split], title: The Burger Bar, picturelink: c.knR2KJMzdxSbYLS2hOP7AMZ3uoG8K}, 40433: {instructions: Butter a 9inch pie plate. In a bowl combine peaches, lemon juice, sugar and cornstarch. Pour into pie plate.nIn a separate bowl combine flour and sugar. Rub in cold butter until mixture resembles a coarse meal. Add pecans and toss together. Sprinkle pecan mixture over peaches and bake until peaches are tender and topping is bubbly and golden, about 30 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [5 large peaches, peeled, pitted and sliced 13inch thick, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon cornstarch, 3 tablespoons flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 34 cup pecans, toasted and chopped, Preheat oven to 350 degrees F], title: Fresh Peach Gratin with Pecan Crunch Topping, picturelink: null}, 40434: {instructions: In large skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until crisp remove to paper towels to drain. Reserve the fat in the pan. Cut the bacon crosswise into 1inch strips and put in a bowl. In the same skillet, saute the onions until golden brown. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the onions to the bowl with the bacon, add the honey and ancho and chipotle powders, and season to taste with salt.nFill a deepfat fryer with oil, or add enough oil to a deep skillet to measure about 1 inch deep, and heat to 375 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nRoll about 2 tablespoons of the filling mixture in each corn tortilla, secure with 2 toothpicks, and deepfry until golden brown and crispy. Remove, drain on paper towels, discard the toothpicks, and serve immediately with radishes and shaved lettuce., ingredients: [2 lbs thick sliced smoked bacon, 1 white onion, finely diced, 14 cup honey, 2 tbs ancho chile powder, 1 tsp chipotle chile powder, Salt, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 8 corn tortillas, Thinly sliced radishes and shaved lettuce for garnish], title: Taquitos de Tocino Bacon Taquitos, picturelink: null}, 40435: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9inch springform pan or 2 12count mini cheesecake pans with nonstick cooking spray. Wrap the outside of the pan with aluminum foil.nAdd the cookies in a large resealable bag. Cover the bag with a kitchen towel and crush with a rolling pin until the cookies are coarsely ground. In a medium bowl, mix together the cookie crumbs with the melted butter. Press the mixture into the bottom and 1inch up the sides of the prepared springform pan or mini cheesecake pans. Put on a sheet pan and bake for 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool before adding the cheesecake filling.nReduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nIn bowl of a food processor combine the cheeses with the sugar until mix until completely blended. Add the eggs, 1 at time, incorporating completely after each addition. Add a pinch of salt, the almond extract, and orange zest and blend for 10 seconds. Pour the filling into the prepared pan with crust. Put the springform pan into a roasting pan and pour in enough hot water to come 34 of the way up the sides the springform pan. If using a springform pan bake for 1 hour, if using mini cheesecake pans bake until completely set, about 25 to 30 minutes. Carefully remove the roasting pan from the oven and transfer the springform pan from the water bath to the counter and let cool completely before removing the cake from the pan. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups amaretti cookies, 12 mini or 5 large biscotti cookies, 6 tablespoons butter, melted, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 pound mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 3 eggs, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 orange, zested], title: Mascarpone Cheesecake, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 40436: {instructions: Dip rim of martini glass into water. Rim with Neelys Dry Rub.nAdd vodka, olive juice and hot sauce to chilled shaker. Shake well. Pour into glasses. Garnish with a slice of jalapeno.nAdd ingredients into a bowl and stir to combine., ingredients: [Neelys Dry Rub, recipe follows, 5 drops hot sauce, 4 ounces vodka, 2 ounces olive juice, 1 jalapeno pepper, sliced in 12, 4 ounces paprika, 2 ounces white sugar, 1 teaspoon onion powder], title: Neelytini, picturelink: 3B790vdW44Uhh7moyHTslbbOOXdJKW}, 40437: {instructions: Combine the truffle peelings and Madeira in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer. Simmer for 5 minutes. Strain through a fine sieve, separately reserving the liquid and peelings.nHeat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in the same saucepan over medium heat. Add the chopped onion, 14 cup of the chopped carrot, celery, and sachet. Saute for about 4 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender. Add the reserved Madeira liquid and stir to deglaze the pan. Continue to cook for about 3 minutes or until the pan is almost dry. Add the rich chicken stock and cook about 4 minutes or until the liquid is reduced by half. Immediately strain through a fine sieve into a medium size, heatproof bowl. Discard the solids. Set the liquid aside to cool.nWhen the liquid is cool, whisk in the vinegar, 12 cup of the remaining olive oil, and the truffle oil. Season the truffle vinaigrette to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside.nRemove the green part from the leeks you may want to reserve this for making stock. Split leeks in half, lengthwise, down to but not through the root ends. Holding the leeks together by the root, rinse thoroughly under cold running water to remove all the grit. Pat dry.nPlace the leeks in a medium saucepan along with the chicken stock, butter, minced parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Lower the heat and simmer for 15 minutes or until the leeks are soft. Add the 12 cup of remaining diced carrots and simmer for 3 minutes. Cover and turn off the heat, but leave the pan on the burner to keep the leeks warm until ready to serve.nWhile the leeks are cooking, prepare the halibut.nLightly season each piece of halibut with salt and freshly ground white pepper to taste. Place 2 truffle slices and 1 tarragon leaf on each side of the halibut. Using a large pastry brush, very lightly coat one side of 6 10inch by 10inch squares of plastic wrap with the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Securely wrap each piece of fish in an oiled plastic wrap square. Place the halibut in the top half of a steamer over lightly simmering water. Cover and steam for 8 minutes per inch, or until the fish is just firm but slightly underdone in the center. Remove the fish from the steamer.nWhisk the fines herbs into the reserved truffle vinaigrette.nSpoon equal portions of the melted leeks into the center of each 6 warm dinner plates. Unwrap the fish and place one piece on top of the leeks. Drizzle the vinaigrette over the fish and around the edge of the plate. Garnish top with crispy leeks and serve.nAdd oil to deep fryer, or a 3inch deep saute pan. Heat over mediumhigh until very hot but not smoking, and add the leeks. Quickly fry until the leeks are crisp, about 30 seconds. Remove leeks from oil immediately. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt., ingredients: [3 ounces truffle peelings, 14 cup Madeira wine, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup chopped onion, 14 cup chopped carrot, plus 12 cup chopped carrots cut into 14inch dice, 14 cup chopped celery, 1 sachet 10 stems parsley, 10 peppercorns, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, and 2 bay leaves tied in a cheesecloth bag, 14 cup rich chicken stock stock made with roasted bones and stock in place of water as the cooking liquid, 14 cup sherry wine vinegar, 14 cup truffle oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 6 medium leeks, 1 12 cups chicken stock or canned lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon minced flat leaf parsley, 6 6ounce skinless, boneless pieces of halibut, cut into neat squares, Freshly ground white pepper to taste, 24 truffle slices, 12 fresh tarragon leaves, washed and dried, 3 tablespoons fines herbs, Crispy leeks recipe follows, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup leeks, white part only, cleaned according to directions above, and cut into thin strips, Kosher salt to taste], title: TruffleSteamed Halibut on Melted Leeks with Truffle Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 40438: {instructions: Coat a large, deep skillet with olive oil and keep on high heat until oil sizzles.nDredge chicken and shrimp in flour and add to skillet with andouille sausage. Lower heat and remove the parcooked shrimp. Add garlic, peppers, celery, okra, and onion and cook on low heat for about 4 minutes, stirring constantly. Add all seasoning and diced tomatoes and Worcestershire.nAdd uncooked rice and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes on low heat. Add stock and tomato juice, then simmer for 5 minutes on medium heat, taking care to stir to prevent sticking. Once rice has completely cooked, add shrimp and crawfish simmer for 2 minutes.nServe in a deep bowl and garnish with fresh chopped scallions and parsley., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, enough to coat a skillet, 4 boneless chicken breasts, juliennecut, 20 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 5 links andouille sausage, sliced, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 2 green peppers, julienned, 2 red peppers, julienned, 4 stalks celery, chopped, 6 fresh okra pods, sliced, 1 large Spanish onion, 1 tablespoon oregano, 4 tablespoons parsley, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne, 10 peeled plum tomatoes, chopped, 4 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 cups long or medium grained rice, 4 cups seafood or chicken stock, 2 cups tomato juice, 10 fresh crawfish, shellon, optional, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, Parsley, for garnish], title: Hatties Creole Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 40439: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare the marinade:nPlace all ingredients into food processor and process for 15 seconds. There will be extra marinade. Marinade can be refrigerated for 1 week or frozen up to 2 months., ingredients: [1 red onion, roughly chopped, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, Green tops of 2 scallions, chopped, 1 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon white pepper, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 jalapeno, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 teaspoons sea salt, 4 5ounce mahi mahi fillets, Salt], title: Grilled Mahi Mahi with Jerk Spice, picturelink: 1aYeOwDgaRqO6uh8yDPkasBqwETdsFi}, 40440: {instructions: Grind all ingredients in a coffee grinder or with mortar and pestle. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a saute pan. Season fish with salt and pepper and roll in spice mixture, using just enough to lightly coat fillets. Reserve remaining spice mixture in airtight jar for several months. Sear over medium high heat for 3 minutes with skin side up, turn and cook and additional 3 minutes, fish should be medium rare., ingredients: [Grapeseed oil, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, skin removed, 4 tablespoons whole allspice, 4 tablespoons toasted cumin seeds, 8 tablespoons black peppercorns, 4 tablespoons ground cardamom, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 4 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons ground cloves, 6 tablespoons toasted whole coriander, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 2 tablespoons ground mace, 2 tablespoons ground nutmeg, 6 tablespoons turmeric, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 5 bay leaves], title: Ras al Hanout Crusted Seared Salmon, picturelink: X5KP8aoV8qbFMCwq18NULZDP7eLOGba}, 40441: {instructions: Saute sausage until brown. Remove from pan and place in a large mixing bowl. Saute onions and celery in butter. Add sage, rosemary and thyme. When the mixture is softened, about 3 minutes, put into bowl with sausage. Add the remaining ingredients to the mixing bowl. It mixture is too dry add more stock., ingredients: [12 pound bulk pork sausage, 1 cup small diced onions, 1 cup small diced celery, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon fresh, chopped sage, 1 tablespoon fresh, chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon fresh, chopped thyme, 3 cups crumbled cornbread, 3 cups cubed stale bread, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 large peeled, cored and diced apple, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped red pepper, 12 cup raisins optional], title: Cornbread Stuffing with Sausage and Apples, picturelink: null}, 40442: {instructions: Special equipment: 6inch skewers, soaked in water for at least 1 hournFor the skewered lamb: Combine the oil, garlic, parsley, rosemary and thyme in a bowl. Add the lamb, cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours. The longer the refrigeration time, the better.nFor the spicy pomegranaterioja red wine vinaigrette: Combine the pomegranate juice, wine, peppercorns, thyme and 1 tablespoon honey in a small saucepan. Cook over high heat until the syrup is reduced to 1 cup. Remove the syrup from the heat and cool. Remove the thyme and peppercorns with a spoon.nWhisk the remaining 1 tablespoon honey, mustard and vinegar in a bowl. Whisk in 12 cup of the red wine syrup. Cover and refrigerate the remaining syrup to keep up to 1 month. Yield: about 1 cup.nRemove the lamb from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling.nPreheat a charcoal grill for direct grilling. Remove the lamb from the marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Sprinkle the lamb with salt and pepper on both sides. Thread 2 or 3 pieces of the lamb onto each skewer, so the lamb lays flat. Grill the lamb until golden brown and charred on both sides and cooked to medium doneness, about 2 minutes each side. Transfer the lamb to a sheet pan. Drizzle the lamb with some Spicy PomegranateRioja Red Wine Vinaigrette and let sit for 5 minutes.nFor the mintalmond relish: Mix the almonds and mint and sprinkle with salt and pepper just before serving.nDrizzle the remaining Spicy PomegranateRioja Red Wine Vinaigrette over the lamb and sprinkle with the mintalmond relish., ingredients: [1 cup canola oil, 1 head garlic, cloves separated, peeled and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 pound lamb loin, cut into 1inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups pomegranate juice, 1 12 cups Rioja red wine, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon plus 1 tablespoon clover honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons aged sherry vinegar, 14 cup lightly toasted almonds, finely chopped, 14 cup packed fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Skewered Lamb with Spicy PomegranateRioja Red Wine Vinaigrette and MintAlmond Relish, picturelink: l7SCZQ4Gl8EZczpx0rI.VhcgH5VNKwW}, 40443: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Whisk in the flour and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, not allowing the mixture to obtain any color. Whisk in the warm milk and cook until thickened. Season with nutmeg and salt and pepper, to taste. Keep warm until ready to use.nMeanwhile, bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Add the kale and cook until tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Drain in a colander and then return to pot. Add cream sauce and cook until flavors meld, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Plate creamed kale and then top with Caramelized Shallots.nMelt the butter and sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots, season with salt and pepper, and cook until they begin to brown all over, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons finely chopped Spanish onion, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups milk, scalded, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 pounds kale, center stalk removed, and coarsely torn into pieces, Caramelized Shallots, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 10 shallots, peeled and sliced, or 40 baby onions, peeled, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Creamed Kale with Caramelized Shallots, picturelink: zXixbYRQb2p3JfK3qv4EiOEKr8lQeOG}, 40444: {instructions: Procedure for Syrup:nStart this ahead while you are grilling other courses. Line bottom of heavy skillet to protect from soot. Add wine and sugar, slit vanilla bean open lengthwise and scrape out seeds with tip of pairing knife, adding these and entire vanilla bean to wine mixture. Allow mixture to boil on the grill until it becomes reduced to about 12 cup and has a slightly syrupy texture. Set aside until needed.nProcedure for Pears:nWith a pairing knife, slice the bottom of each pear half into 12 inch thick slices about 23 of the way towards stem, leaving the stem end intact. Fan the bear slices slightly to make a flatter grilling surface. Remove vanilla bean pod from syrup. Dip each pear half in syrup, place on grill, flesh side down, and grill just until pears are lightly grillmarked. Turn pears skinside down and continue grilling until skins are lightly grillmarked. Remove from heat and set aside. To serve add half of the remaining wine syrup and stir well to blend. Spoon a bed of the ricotta mixture on individual serving plates. Fan a grilled pear half on top of ricotta, drizzle with remaining wine syrup, sprinkle with black pepper and serve., ingredients: [2 cups dry white wine, 14 cup sugar, 2 piece of vanilla bean optional, 4 medium ripe pears, halved lengthwise and cored, juice of 12 lemon, 2 cups low fat ricotta cheese, extra virgin olive oil for drizzling, freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Pears Grilled in Vanilla Wine Syrup, picturelink: null}, 40445: {instructions: 1. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add peas and cook until bright green and tender, about 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the peas with a slotted spoon or strainer and set aside. Use the same water to cook pasta according to package directions. Drain, reserving 14 cup of the pasta water.n2. Meanwhile, in a large skillet heat butter over medium heat. Add the prosciutto or pancetta and cook until golden and crispy, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add the shallot and thyme and cook until slightly softened, but not brown, about 1 minute. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and add the wine. Let the wine evaporate slightly and then add the heavy cream. Cook until the sauce reduces and thickens slightly, stirring occasionally, about 6 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Just before serving, stir the cheese, parsley, and peas into the sauce until it thickens a little more.n3. Toss the pasta in the sauce and use the reserved pasta water, if needed, to loosen the sauce slightly. Transfer the pasta to serving bowls and garnish with additional cheese and parsley, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup fresh peas, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 6 ounces prosciutto or pancetta, 14inch dice, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup white wine, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons torn fresh parsley leaves, plus more for garnish], title: Della Nonna Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40446: {instructions: To make the pastry: combine the flour, sugar, and salt in a large mixing bowl. Add the butter and mix with a pastry blender or your hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pour in the ice water and work it in to bind the dough until it holds together without being too wet or sticky. Squeeze a small amount together, if it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nSprinkle the counter and a rolling pin lightly with flour. Roll the dough out into a 10inch circle to check the size, put the 9inch pie pan upside down over the dough. Carefully roll the dough up onto the pin this may take a little practice and lay it inside the pie pan. Press the dough firmly into the bottom and sides so it fits tightly. Trim the excess dough around the rim. Place the pie pan on a sturdy cookie sheet so it can prevent spills from burning in the bottom of the oven.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the filling: In mediumsize mixing bowl, combine the molasses and water stir in baking soda, eggs, and spices.nTo make the crumb topping: With a pastry blender, mix together the flour, brown sugar, and butter, until it is the texture of coarse crumbs. Take 12 cup of the crumb mixture and put it in the bottom of the pie shell, pour in the molasses filling, and scatter the remaining crumbs on top.nBake for 30 minutes, until the filling jiggles slightly and the top is firm. Let cool to room temperature before cutting. Serve with whipped cream., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cold and cut into small chunks, 2 tablespoons ice water, plus more if needed, 1 cup unsulphured molasses or Pennsylvania Dutch Table Syrup, 34 cup hot water, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Whipped cream, for serving], title: ShooFly Pie, picturelink: null}, 40447: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large pitcher, stirring until sugar is completely dissolved. Serve immediately, or if making in advance, refrigerate up to 24 hours, and then add the club soda just before serving., ingredients: [2 bottles dry white, such as sauvignon blanc, 12 cup Spanish sherry, 12 cup orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 14 cup sugar, 12 bunch seedless white grapes, 1 lemon, unpeeled and sliced, 2 peaches, unpeeled, pitted, and sliced, 12 honeydew, peeled, seeded, and diced, 12 liter club soda], title: Sangria Blanca, picturelink: null}, 40448: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pastry: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and 13 cup of the flour until fluffy. Between two sheets of waxed paper, roll the butter mixture into a 6by12inch rectangle. Place the sheet of butter in the refrigerator or freezer to chill thoroughly.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the yeast and 1 12 cups of the flour. In a saucepan, heat the milk, sugar and salt over medium heat to 115 to 120 degrees F just slightly warm. Add it to the flouryeast mixture. Add the egg and vanilla extract and mix on low speed, scraping the sides constantly, until just combined. Raise the speed to high and beat for 3 minutes. By hand, stir in the remaining 2 cups flour a bit at a time until it forms a mediumsoft dough. Place the dough on a floured surface and knead until it feels elastic, about 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest 10 minutes.nRoll out the dough on a floured surface to a 14inch square. Remove the wax paper from the chilled pad of butter and place the pad on one half of the dough, leaving a 1inch margin around the sides. Fold the dough over and seal the butter in by pressing the edges of dough together firmly. Roll the rectangle out to a 20by12inch rectangle. Fold it in thirds like you would a business letter. Again roll the rectangle out to a 20by12inch rectangle. Repeat the folding and rolling out twice more, chilling the dough if the butter becomes too soft. Chill the dough for 30 minutes.nLightly roll out the dough on a floured surface and cut into 4inch squares. Place them on an ungreased sheet tray and let them rise for 45 minutes.nFor the filling: While the dough squares are rising, make the filling. In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the goat cheese, cream cheese and sugar until well mixed. Add the salt and egg yolk and mix on high, scraping down the sides once or twice along the way. Set aside in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSlice the pears, skin and all, into thin 14inch slices. Cut these into 12to1inch strips. Place in a nonstick skillet over medium heat and add the brandy, honey, cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves and saute until the pears are soft and the sauce around them thickens, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nFor the egg wash: Whisk together the egg and milk. Set aside.nTo assemble the Danish: Take about a tablespoon of the cheese filling and place it in the middle of each square, elongating the dollop slightly from one corner to the opposite do NOT get too close to the edges, the filling spreads as it cooks. Place a few slices of pear on top of each cheese scoop. Using a pastry brush, lightly brush the margin of exposed dough around the filling with the egg wash. Gently bring the opposite corners not the ones that the filling is stretching towards to the middle and seal with a pinch. Once all of the pastries are sealed, give the tops a quick brush of egg wash. Bake until golden brown, 7 to 8 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup plus 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Two .24ounce packages active dry yeast, 1 14 cups milk, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 pounds goat cheese, 8 ounces cream cheese, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg yolk, 3 pears, 14 cup brandy, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons milk], title: Danish with Goat Cheese and Pear Filling, picturelink: EsBBmu6eFQnrl65VREJUp.GipbshSq}, 40449: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Preheat a grill pan.nChicken Salad: Season both sides of the chicken breast with salt, pepper, and a little oil. Place on the grill for approximately 2 12 minutes on each side, remove from the grill and place in the oven to finish the cooking process. When the chicken is fully cooked, approximately 12 minutes, place in the refrigerator to cool. After the chicken has cooled, dice it in small bite size pieces and place in a stainless steel bowl with the 12 cup mayonnaise, chopped truffle, and truffle oil. Mix well and reserve for later use.nSpread a small amount of mayonnaise onto 2 slices of the sour dough bread. On 1 of the slices with mayonnaise place the following items Boston lettuce, 2 slices of tomato, 3 slices cooked bacon, 3 slices avocado, and half of the bean sprouts, place the other slice of bread on top mayonnaise side down. Next place half of the reserved chicken salad on top of the dry side of bread and spread evenly, finish the sandwich with the last slice of dry bread and place in a panini press until toasted. Remove the sandwich from the press and cut in quarters. Repeat with remaining bread and fillings. Serve with French fries or potato chips., ingredients: [1 10ounce boneless skinless chicken breast, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, 12 cup mayonnaise plus 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons black truffle peelings, chopped, 1 tablespoon white truffle oil, 6 slices sourdough bread, 4 Boston Bibb lettuce yellow inner leaves only, 4 vine ripened tomato slices, 6 applewood smoked bacon slices cooked, 12 avocado peeled and sliced, 14 pint bean sprouts, French fries or potato chips, as an accompaniment], title: Truffle Scented Chicken Club, picturelink: null}, 40450: {instructions: Pulse the onion, celery, carrot, garlic and rosemary in a food processor until finely chopped.nHeat the olive oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the chopped vegetables and cook, stirring, until softened and golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the veal, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, milk, 1 cup water and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until slightly thickened, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the fettuccine as the label directs. Drain the pasta, then toss with half of the ragu about 3 cups. Top with parmesan. Reserve the remaining ragu to make stuffed peppers.nPer serving: Calories 484 Fat 12 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 48 mg Sodium 462 mg Carbohydrate 71 g Fiber 5 g Protein 25 gn, ingredients: [12 onion, 1 stalk celery, cut into 4 pieces, 1 small carrot, cut into 4 pieces, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound ground veal or turkey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 12 cup whole milk, 12 ounces fettuccine, Freshly grated parmesan cheese, for serving], title: Fettuccine With Quick Ragu, picturelink: null}, 40451: {instructions: Special equipment: Waffle iron preferably Belgian stylenPreheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh. Combine the stuffing, parsley and eggs. Generously brush the top and bottom of the waffle iron with oil. Evenly and firmly pack each section of the waffle iron full with the stuffing mixture. Close and cook until golden and the waffles can easily be lifted out of the waffle iron, 4 to 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the gravy in a small saucepan. Once the waffles are ready, top each with as much turkey as you want and close the waffle iron. Cook until the turkey is warmed through, 2 to 3 minutes.nTransfer the waffles to 4 plates and top each with as much gravy and cranberry sauce as youd like., ingredients: [4 12 cups crumbled leftover stuffing, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 large eggs, beaten, Vegetable oil, for brushing waffle iron, Sliced leftover turkey, gravy and cranberry sauce, for serving], title: Waffled Leftover Thanksgiving Brunch, picturelink: qaIGbMsSdQy4eVkETTZc2b2eo7h1ka}, 40452: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Slice ciabatta in half lengthwise. Then cut each half into 1inch slices. In batches as needed, grill the ciabatta slices, cut side down until they are golden and crisp, about 2 minutes. Working quickly, drizzle the toasted sides with extravirgin olive oil. Rub the garlic cloves over the grilled bread, then rub the cut side of the tomatoes over the grilled bread. Its important to do this while the bread is still hot or warm, otherwise the garlic wont melt into the bread. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, and serve warm., ingredients: [1 loaf ciabatta bread, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large cloves garlic, 1 tomato, halved crosswise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Bread Pane alla Grillia, picturelink: cY0Mi7nscPH0z8VmOUlnXpEqcfY5u}, 40453: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Chimney starter, newspaper, vegetable oil, and 4 pounds natural lump charcoal, 15inch carbon steel paella pannSpritz 4 to 5 pieces of newspaper with vegetable oil and put in the bottom of a charcoal chimney starter. Fill the chimney with half of the charcoal and light the newspaper.nWhen the charcoal is lightly covered with gray ash, carefully pour onto the bottom grate of a kettle grill and spread evenly. Top with the remaining unlit charcoal, spreading evenly so as not to suffocate the lit charcoal. Set the second grate in the kettle and cover until ready to cook.nMeanwhile, halve the tomatoes and remove the seeds to a fine mesh strainer set over a small bowl to catch the juice. Grate the seeded halves on the large hole side of a box grater and discard the skins. Combine the reserved juice and grated tomato and set aside.nWarm the chicken broth in a kettle or 4quart saucepan over high heat until it reaches 200 degrees F. Remove the broth from the heat and cover to keep warm.nCombine the rice, saffron, rosemary, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and paprika in a small mixing bowl.nHeat the olive oil in the paella pan on the prepared grill. Season the chicken on all sides with the remaining 2 teaspoons of salt. Once the olive oil shimmers, add the chicken and cook until golden brown on both sides, approximately 5 to 6 minutes per side. Move the chicken to the outer edges of the pan. Add the green beans, red bell pepper, green bell pepper and garlic to the center of the pan and cook until they begin to soften and darken in color, approximately 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and their juice and cook until most of the liquid has dissipated and the tomatoes thicken and darken, approximately 4 to 5 minutes.nAdd the rice mixture to the center of the pan and cook, stirring constantly for 1 minute.nRedistribute the chicken pieces on top of the rice. Add 4 cups of the warm chicken broth and stir to distribute the rice evenly in the pan, making sure that all rice is completely submerged in liquid. From this point forward do not stir the paella. After 8 to 9 minutes, when all of the liquid is absorbed and the rice appears dry, add an additional 4 cups of broth. Continue to cook without stirring, until the liquid is absorbed, about 8 to 9 minutes. The rice should be firm to the bite and the grains have a tiny white dot in the center. Add the remaining cup of broth as needed, until the rice is cooked through. Watch the fire to make sure it is heating evenly and adjust the pan to prevent uneven cooking.nRemove the pan from the heat, cover with a tea towel and rest for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pound tomatoes, 9 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 cups short or mediumgrain rice, 20 threads saffron, 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves stripped from sprigs, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 pounds bonein, skinon, chicken thighs and legs, 12 pound fresh green beans, trimmed and halved, 1 cup chopped red bell pepper, 12 cup chopped green bell pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced], title: Paella, picturelink: TD2wUsuhL05k3kJkdIwMeFtQm0m9YK}, 40454: {instructions: Trim any fat from the meat, split it horizontally and pound it gently with a mallet to flatten. Place meat in a shallow glass dish. Combine the marinade ingredients and pour them over the meat. Cover, refrigerate and marinate 4 to 5 hours or overnight.nRemove the meat from the marinade, place on a flat surface and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover the meat with the spinach leaves and arrange the carrots across the meat.nCarefully roll the meat jellyroll fashion, so the grain runs the length of the roll, and tie it with a string at 1inch intervals.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven or large pan over moderate heat. Add the meat and sear until browned on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Place the roll in an ovenproof casserole dish and pour the beef stock over to cover the meat.nPlace the meat in the oven for 1 to 1 12 hours, or until desired doneness. To serve hot, remove the meat and place it on a platter. Let the meat rest for 10 minutes, carefully remove the strings and slice the roll into 34 inch slices. Serve with Salsa Criolla.nIn a medium bowl, combine the onions, tomatoes, jalapeno, garlic, parsley, salt and pepper. Whisk together the oil and vinegar in a small bowl and pour over the tomato mixture. Mix well, cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Adjust seasonings before serving with the meat.nabout 2 cups of salsa, ingredients: [1 3 to 4 pound flank steak, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons crushed oregano, 3 teaspoons cumin seeds, toasted and crushed, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 small bunch spinach, cleaned, stems removed, 3 small carrots, peeled, halved lengthwise and parboiled, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 to 2 quarts beef stock to cover meat, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 3 medium tomatoes, seeded and finely chopped, 2 jalapeno chiles, seeded and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 bunch Italian parsley, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar], title: Stuffed Flank Steak Matambre, picturelink: null}, 40455: {instructions: Sprinkle the chicken on both sides with a pinch of curry powder, a pinch of salt and a grind of pepper. Allow to rest on the counter at room temperature for about an hour.nIn a large pan with straight sides, add enough oil to fill 2 inches deep. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F.nMeanwhile, dredge the chicken. On 1 plate, combine the flour and a pinch of salt. In a bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, cayenne and a pinch of salt. On another plate, add the coconut, the remaining curry powder, breadcrumbs and a pinch of salt. Stir to combine, turning the coconut yellow. To dredge, first place the chicken breasts in the flour and coat on all sides. Shake off any excess flour and dunk in the egg mixture. Remove and press all sides into the coconut mixture.nFry the chicken in batches to keep the oil temperature around 330 to 350 degrees F. Cook until deep golden brown on 1 side, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook about 4 more minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate and sprinkle with salt. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, sliced in half horizontally and pounded thin, 1 generous tablespoon curry powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, 2 tablespoons milk, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut flakes, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs], title: Curry Coconut Chicken Breasts, picturelink: null}, 40456: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray the inside of a 9inch pie pan with nonstick cooking spray. In a bowl, combine graham cracker crumbs, sugar, and melted butter. Press mixture firmly into sprayed pie pan, covering bottom and sides. Bake for 6 to 8 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor filling: In a microwave safe bowl, combine milk chocolate chips, 12 cup condensed milk, and 12 teaspoon vanilla. Microwave for 2 minutes on medium 50 percent power. Alternately, combine all ingredients and melt in a double boiler. Stir until all chips are melted and pour into bottom of cooled crust. Set in refrigerator while preparing second layer.nFor second layer, repeat above process using the vanilla chips. Pour over milk chocolate layer. Set in refrigerator while preparing third layer. For third layer repeat above process using the dark chocolate chips. Pour over white chocolate layer.nPreheat the broiler. Evenly cover top with miniature marshmallows. Place under broiler for a few minutes just until marshmallows are lightly browned. Refrigerate at least 1 hour., ingredients: [1 14 cups graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup sugar, 13 cup melted butter, 1 cup milk chocolate chips, 1 cup white chocolate chips, 1 cup dark chocolate chips, 1 12 cups sweetened condensed milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups miniature marshmallows], title: Triple Chocolate Smore Pie, picturelink: null}, 40457: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees. Scatter the panettone cubes on a baking sheet and bake, tossing occasionally, until crisp and brown, about 1 hour. Be careful that they do not burn. Set aside. Put the cherries, apricots, and raisins in a medium bowl. Measure the honey and vinegar into a small pan or microwave safe bowl. Heat together just until warm. Whisk in 4 tablespoons olive oil and taste for balance. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, if necessary. Pour over the dried fruits. Add the pear, fennel, and salt and pepper to taste. Pour the fruits and dressing over the greens in a salad bowl and toss well. Add the croutons and toss again. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup diced Panettone 12inch dice, 2 tablespoons dried cherries, 2 tablespoons diced dried apricots 14inch dice, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 4 to 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large pear, peeled, cored and cut into slivers about 14inch by 1 12inches, 14 large fennel bulb, about 3ounces cut into slivers the same size as the pear, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups roughly torn frisee or curly endive], title: Autumn Fruit and Frisee Salad with Panettone Croutons, picturelink: null}, 40458: {instructions: Mix the ketchup, horseradish, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, fish sauce and black pepper in a bowl and let sit for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 dashes fish sauce, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: lWR5LEaYlt50ke07sZUqk73ZdlUT2u}, 40459: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour a 9 by 13inch glass casserole dish. Pour melted butter into the dish. In a saucepan, slowly cook the peaches with 12 cup sugar until soft. Add cinnamon and nutmeg to taste. Combine flour with remaining sugar, baking powder, and salt. Whisk in milk and pour mixture into pan over butter. Gently pour cooked peaches evenly over batter. Cook for 45 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [14 pound melted butter, 4 to 5 cups treeripened peaches, sliced, 1 12 cups sugar, Pinch cinnamon, Pinch nutmeg, 1 cup flour, 2 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk], title: Burrers Peach Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 40460: {instructions: Preheat oven to 550 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, add the eggs and whisk well. Add oregano, basil, pepper, salt, onions, bread crumbs and garlic and mix well. Add the ground beef and combine well. Using your hands or a 2ounce scoop, roll meat into 1 12 to 2inch balls and place on a baking sheet. Use a baking sheet that has a lip on it, as the meatballs will create a lot of moisture. Bake for approximately 20 minutes or until the balls are sizzling and brown on the outside but still nice and pink in the center.nAdd warm water and yeast to the mixing bowl of a stand mixer. Let the yeast work for approximately 10 minutes. Add flour, salt and sugar and mix on low for approximately 10 minutes. Check consistency and add more flour or water to create a sticky ball that is slightly moist to the touch. Turn mixer up a notch and mix until the dough is nice and soft. It should not stick to the bowl and should be able to be lifted out with ease. On a cornmeal dusted work surface roll the dough into a flat round approximately 6 inches wide. Brush with olive oil and sprinkle sesame seeds on top. Place dough on a sheet pan. Cut round into 4 equal wedges, but do not separate and bake in the preheated 550 degree F. oven until golden brown approximately 10 minutes. Do not overbake, as there is still 1 more bake to go.nPlace all the sauce ingredients in a large bowl and whisk well.nCut buns in half, horizontally. Place bun halves side by side on a baking sheet. Cut 5 or 6 meatballs in half and pile on buns. Ladle approximately 1 cup of sauce on top of meatballs. Put as much of the grated mozzarella cheese on top that will stay and lightly sprinkle with oregano and basil. Put the baking sheet in the oven and bake until the cheese has melted and the edges of buns are nicely toasted., ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 tablespoon dried or chopped fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon dried or chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup finely chopped red onion, 1 cup bread crumbs, 14 cup chopped garlic, 1 pound lean ground beef, 14 cup warm water, 14 teaspoon yeast, 2 cups highgluten flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, Cornmeal, for work surface, 2 tablespoons olive oil, for brushing, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 4 cups ground tomatoes, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil or dried, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano or dried, 14 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup chopped garlic, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 12 cups grated mozzarella, Dried oregano, for sprinkling, Dried basil, for sprinkling], title: The Albert, a Meatball Sub, picturelink: null}, 40461: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter 8 12 cup ramekins or gratin dishes. In a large bowl gently combine the plums, raspberries, flour and sugar. Distribute this mixture evenly among the ramekins. In a separate bowl, combine the pecans, flour, brown sugar, melted butter and salt. Divide this mixture evenly among the ramekins. Place the ramekins on a cookie sheet and place in the oven for 20 minutes, or until the topping is golden brown., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups plums, pitted and sliced thin, 2 cups raspberries, 14 cup flour, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup toasted chopped pecans, 1 cup flour, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 cup melted butter, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Individual Raspberry Plum Crisps, picturelink: null}, 40462: {instructions: In a blender, puree the herbs and oil until completely smooth. Put the mixture in a saucepan and bring it to a simmer over moderate heat. Simmer for 45 seconds, then pour through a finemesh strainer into a bowl. Dont press on the mixture, but you can tap the strainer against your hand to get the oil to drip through faster. Immediately strain the oil again through a flatbottomed paper filter. If the filter clogs, you may need to change the filter partway through.nIts okay to pick the filter up and squeeze it gently to get the oil out faster, but be careful not to break the filter. Sometimes a little dark liquid comes through the filter first. Dont worry thats water. It will settle to the bottom because it is heavier than the oil. Let the filtered oil settle for a few hours, then pour it off the dark liquid. Store in an airtight jar in a cool, dark place., ingredients: [Use 1 cup packed leaves to 2 cups pure olive oil., Use 4 cups packed leaves to 2 cups pure olive oil.], title: Basil Oil and Other Herb Flavored Oils, picturelink: null}, 40463: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A piping bag fitted with a small tip or small spoon A melon baller or paring knifenWorking one at a time, cut a small slice off the bottom of any tomato that wont stand flat. Cut off the top 18inch of each tomato, and scoop out the top 14inch of flesh, using either a melon baller or a paring knife.nCombine the basil, Parmesan, almonds, oil and salt in a food processor pulse, scraping down the sides, until the mixture forms a paste. Transfer the pesto to a piping bag fitted with a small tip. Fill each tomato with a small dollop of the pesto. Refrigerate until ready to serve or serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups cherry tomatoes, 2 cups fresh basil leaves, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon slivered almonds, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Cherry Tomato Pesto Pops, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 40464: {instructions: In the bottom of a mixing bowl combine the spaghetti, celery, half the amount of scallion, apple, walnuts, and chicken. Now make a dressing of lemon juice, tarragon, mayonnaise and sour cream. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and add to salad. Toss to combine, adjust seasoning. Serve over lettuce and garnish with remaining scallion., ingredients: [14 pound cooked spaghetti, cut into 2 inch long pieces, 1 rib celery cut into 14inch dice, 1 scallion, cut into thin rounds, Small McIntosh apple, unpeeled, cored, and cut into 14inch dice, 14 cup walnuts, roughly chopped, 6 ounces smoked chicken breast, skinned and cut into pieces, 14 inch wide and 2inches long, 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, regular or low fat, 2 to 3 tablespoons sour cream, regular or low fat, Washed Boston or Bibb lettuce leaves], title: Refrigerator Pasta Salad, picturelink: null}, 40465: {instructions: Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large pot. Add 1 kernel to the pot and cover. When the kernel pops, pour in the remaining kernels, chili powder cumin and cayenne. Cook, covered, shaking the pan until the popping ends. Season with salt to taste and toss., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 cup popcorn kernels, Fine Salt], title: Spiced Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 40466: {instructions: Heat a pot of water to a boil. Add spaghetti and salt the water. Cook to al dente or with a bite to it.nHeat a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add extravirgin olive oil and bacon. Brown and crisp bacon, 5 minutes, remove with a slotted spoon. Drain off a little excess fat if necessary. Leave just enough to coat the bottom of the skillet. Add beef and crumble it as it browns, 3 to 4 minutes. Add onions, garlic and stir into meat. Season the meat with salt and pepper, hot sauce and Worcestershire. Add 12 cup beer and deglaze the pan. Cook 5 to 6 minutes more then stir in tomatoes and tomato sauce.nAdd hot spaghetti to meat and sauce and combine. Adjust seasonings and serve up pasta in shallow bowls. Grate some cheese over the pasta and sprinkle with scallions. Garnish with crisp bacon, ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, Salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 3 slices smoky bacon, chopped, 1 pound ground sirloin, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, Ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 12 cup beer, 1 14ounce can, chopped or crushed fire roasted tomatoes, 1 8ounces can, tomato sauce, 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, 4 scallions, chopped], title: Cowboy Spaghetti, picturelink: NAg7tKi5Xu3BNLEgZUORWKE7AaL5pnC}, 40467: {instructions: Special equipment: Shot glassesnPut the watermelon, tomatillos, jalapeno, lime juice and zest, salt and pepper into a blender or food processor, working in batches if necessary. Blend until the mixture is smooth. Chill well before serving, at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. To serve, pour about 2 ounces of the gazpacho into shot glasses and garnish with a lime slice., ingredients: [4 cups seedless watermelon about 3 pounds, diced, 2 to 3 tomatillos, diced, 1 tablespoon seeded and diced jalapeno about 12 pepper, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, Lime slices, for garnish], title: Watermelon Gazpacho Shooters, picturelink: null}, 40468: {instructions: Toast salt in a dry, small, heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until the salt turns light tan, about 7 minutes. Transfer salt to a bowl.nToast Szechwan peppercorns in skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Transfer toasted peppercorns to a sheet of waxed paper to cool. Using paper as a funnel, pour toasted peppercorns into an electric coffeespice grinder or a mortar. Add pink peppercorns and pulse or pound with a pestle until finely ground. Pour through a coarse sieve into bowl of salt and stir together.nCook edamame in salted boiling water until tender, about 4 minutes, and immediately transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain in a colander and pat dry.nToss edamame with some peppered salt, to taste, and serve with remainder on the side., ingredients: [14 cup coarse sea salt, 1 tablespoon Szechwan peppercorns, 1 tablespoon pink peppercorns, 1 1pound bag frozen edamame soybeans in the pod], title: SaltandPepper Edamame, picturelink: hYfYfflvj4qEYleRF8bE.mEJUpB01S}, 40469: {instructions: Put the coconut water spinach and pineapple in a blender and whirl until smooth. Serve., ingredients: [12 ounces coconut water, 2 large handfuls baby spinach, 14 fresh pineapple, cut into cubes], title: Healthy Green Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 40470: {instructions: In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and heat. Add the garlic and saute, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the all of the vegetables and cook until just starting to wilt, about 2 minutes. Add the oregano, soy sauce and chicken stock and stir well and cook just until vegetables are wilted, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 red bell pepper, chopped, 12 yellow bell pepper, chopped, 6 cremini mushrooms, chopped, 4 broccoli florets, chopped, 12 zucchini, chopped, 12 yellow summer squash, chopped, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons chicken stock], title: Sauteed Vegetables, picturelink: 8ZDNF3nbxjEqXDvE2ffteFDNQdXrg.}, 40471: {instructions: Make the blondies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch baking pan with foil, leaving an overhang on two sides butter the foil. Pulse 12 cup walnuts in a food processor until almost fine do not overprocess. Whisk the ground nuts, flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nBeat 10 tablespoons butter and the brown sugar with a mixer on medium speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the bowl with a rubber spatula. Beat in the vanilla. Gradually beat in the dry ingredients until just combined. Fold in the white chocolate and the remaining 12 cup walnuts.nSpread the batter in the prepared pan and bake until the blondies are light brown around the edges and spring back when pressed, about 30 minutes. Cool slightly on a rack.nMeanwhile, make the topping: Place the maple syrup and butter in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook until the mixture bubbles and thickens, swirling the pan, about 6 minutes. Add the cream and continue to cook until the mixture is the consistency of caramel.nUse the foil to lift the blondies out of the pan, then cut into large bars. Serve warm topped with ice cream, the maplebutter sauce and the walnuts.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature,, plus more for the pan, 1 cup walnut pieces, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 6 ounces white chocolate, cut into chunks, 13 cup maple syrup, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup heavy cream, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, 12 cup walnut pieces], title: AlmostFamous MapleButter Blondies, picturelink: 24RWFnLFBv6fEp43ze2wnXgTH7ltRy}, 40472: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat the bottom of a 9 by13inch cake pan with cooking spray.nIn a large mixing bowl combine the cake mix, Champagne, vegetable oil, and egg whites. Beat on low speed with an electric mixer until just combined. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula and continue beating on medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour into the prepared cake pan and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean. Remove it from the oven and cool completely.nEmpty the frosting into a small bowl and add the Champagne flavoring. Stir to combine and set aside.nTo make the minicakes, with a 3inch ring mold or use an 8ounce pineapple can with top and bottom removed stamp out 6 cakes. Slice the cakes in half, horizontally, to make layers. Frost the bottom layer, replace the top layer and frost the tops and sides of cake. Decorate with the disco balls, Dragees, and glitter, if using.nCooks notes: Champagne flavoring and edible glitter are available where cake and candy making supplies are sold. Dragees, or silver candy balls, are not available in all states., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 box 1pound 2 14ounce moist white cake mix, 1 14 cups extra dry Champagne, 13 cup vegetable oil, 3 large egg whites, 1 can whipped white frosting, 14 teaspoon Champagne flavoring, Silver mini disco balls, optional, Silver Dragees, optional, if available in your area, Silver edible glitter, optional], title: Champagne Cake, picturelink: null}, 40473: {instructions: Stir together 34 cup soy sauce, sherry, sugar, 1 12 tablespoons garlic, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, and red pepper flakes in a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish until sugar is dissolved, then add steaks, turning to coat. Marinate steaks, turning once, 1 hour.nPrepare grill for cooking.nStir together cilantro, vegetable oil, lime juice, remaining 3 tablespoons soy sauce, remaining 1 12 teaspoons garlic, remaining 12 teaspoon sesame oil, and chile if using.nWhen fire is mediumhot you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack 3 to 4 seconds, grill steaks on a lightly oiled rack 3 to 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare. Let steaks stand on a cutting board 5 minutes, then top with some sauce and cut crosswise into 34inchthick slices. Serve remaining sauce on the side., ingredients: [34 cup plus 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup mediumdry sherry, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons plus 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, 1 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 6 1inchthick boneless beef top loin strip steaks, about 34 pound each, 34 cup chopped fresh cilantro including roots and stems, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon minced seeded fresh habanero or serrano chile optional, 1 4inchlong fresh hot red chile, chopped optional], title: Grilled KoreanStyle Steaks with Spicy Cilantro Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40474: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut each jalapeno in half removing the stem and seeds. Place precooked sausage in 1 half of the jalapeno and sprinkle the other half with cheese, roughly reforming the jalapeno.nPop open the package of croissant rolls. On a work surface, unroll 1 roll placing the longest side toward you.nPlace the stuffed jalapeno on top of the dough and roll away from you. Place on an ungreased cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining peppers and dough. Sprinkle the tops with remaining cheese. Bake 10 to 12 minutes until golden brown., ingredients: [8 whole pickled jalapenos, 4 precooked breakfast sausage links, cut in 12 recommended: Jimmy Dean, 1 cup shredded pepper jack cheese, 1 can croissant rolls recommended: Pillsbury Crescent Rolls], title: Armadillo Eggs, picturelink: wmMkGnbA960roXl1ezxU8QYJAlf3iIK}, 40475: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil for gnocchi. Salt boiling water but wait a while to drop in gnocchi.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace chicken in a medium bowl with grill seasoning and fennel seeds. Pile sundried tomatoes on top of each other in small stacks then slice into thin strips. Coarsely chop the thin strips and add to bowl. Stack the basil leaves together then roll them up into a log. Shred the basil by thinly slicing the log. Add the half the basil to the bowl. Drizzle extravirgin olive oil over the bowl. Mix chicken together, roll into mini balls, 1 12 inches across, and arrange on a nonstick cookie sheet. Bake at 400 degrees F for 10 to12 minutes or until firm and lightly golden.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat. To the hot skillet, add extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan then the garlic, onions and crushed red pepper flakes. Cook until tender, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add crushed tomatoes, tomato sauce and season sauce with salt and pepper.nDrop gnocchi in boiling water and cook 5 minutes or to package directions.nStir basil into sauce to wilt it. Drain gnocchi and arrange on a platter. Remove balls from oven and add to gnocchi, equally distributing them. Sprinkle cheese over meatballs and hot dumplings then top with sauce by carefully ladling it all over and around the platter. Gently toss to combine then serve with crusty bread and Peppery Salad.nPlace the steak seasoning and vinegar in the bottom of a small bowl then whisk in extravirgin olive oil and let dressing stand 10 to 15 minutes.nAdd the radishes, peppers, pickled vegetables, arugula and parsley to a salad bowl. When youre ready to serve the salad, dress it, toss and season it with salt, if necessary, to taste., ingredients: [Salt, 1 12 pounds ground chicken, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 1 teaspoon, 13 palm full, fennel seeds, 14 cup tender sundried tomatoes available in pouches or tubs in produce section, 1 cup, 20 leaves fresh basil, divided, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus some to drizzle, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, eyeball it in your palm, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, Pepper, 1 pound gnocchi, potato dumplings, from refrigerated or frozen foods section of market, Grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, 12 cup u2013 a couple of handfuls, plus some to pass at table, Crusty bread, to pass at table, Peppery Salad, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons steak seasoning, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 6 large radishes, thinly sliced, 1 green Italian cubanelle pepper, seeded and very thinly sliced, 4 scallions, chopped on an angle, 1 cup chopped pickled green beans, available on condiment aisle, or hot pickled Italian vegetable salad, Giardiniera, drained well, 2 bunches, 6 cups, arugula, cleaned and trimmed, coarsely chopped, Handful flatleaf parsley, coarsely chopped, Salt], title: Mini Chicken Sausage Meatballs with Gnocchi and Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40476: {instructions: In a large saucepan bring the water to a boil. Add the dahl, tomatoes, okra, carrots, potatoes, tumeric, salt and tamarind paste or lemon juice. Stir and bring back to a boil. Reduce the heat slightly and cook until the dahl is tenderapproximately 30 minutes add more water if necessary.nMeanwhile, in a heavy skillet, heat the oil and lightly fry the ground cilantro and cumin over a medium heat. Add the mustard seeds, chile and curry leaves and fry for 2 minutes, covering the skillet as the seeds pop. Add the fried spices to the cooked dahl and vegetables. Add the sambhar masala and mix well.nThe stew can be prepared up to 2 hours in advance., ingredients: [4 cups water, 1 cup masur dahl red lentils or mung dahl yellow lentils, 2 tomatoes, cut into large chunks, 56 large okra, halved lengthways, 2 carrots, cut into large chunks, 2 potatoes, cut into large chunks, 1 tablespoon tumeric, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons tamarind paste or 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon cilantro seeds, ground, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, ground, 1 tablespoon black mustard seeds, 12 jalapeno peppers, seeded and chopped, 68 dried curry leaves, 1 tablespoon sambhar masala], title: South Indian Spicy Lentil Stew, picturelink: WPQm4B033Ol7xd79T9PwhqgY9.jLNx2}, 40477: {instructions: Place ingredients, except muffins, in a food processor and process until smooth. Place in a ramekin, cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nPlace the muffins, cutside down on the grill and grill until golden brown. Remove from the grill and slather with blueberry butter., ingredients: [1 pound unsalted butter, slightly softened, 1 pint ripe blueberries, 14 cup honey, 8 homemade or store bought corn muffins, sliced in 12 horizontally], title: Grilled Corn Muffins with BlueberryHoney Butter, picturelink: null}, 40478: {instructions: In a saucepan over low heat, add oil then the onions sweat until translucent. no color Add the butter. When butter is melted, stir in the flour, stir until smooth. Meanwhile, in a separate bowl, heat the milk and wine until it boils. Remove from the heat, stir in the paprika, cheese, season to taste with nutmeg, white pepper, and salt. Mix in your cooked macaroni and serve immediately. Note: If you like to turn this dish into a casserole, preheat the oven to 350 degrees, place the macaroni and cheese into a casserole dish, sprinkle 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese on top, then sprinkle 1 tablespoon dried bread crumbs on top of the cheese. Cook for approximately 4 minutes or until lightly brown., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons minced onions, 4 tablespoons sweet butter, 4 tablespoons flour, 10 ounces milk, 3 ounces white wine, 12 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 6 ounces sharp white cheddar, 3 ounces gruyere cheese, Fresh ground nutmeg, to taste, Salt and fresh ground white pepper to taste, 34 pound cooked macaroni], title: Ultimate Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 40479: {instructions: Combine all the liquid ingredients in a large glass. Add ice and stir. Drop the cherry in the drink and garnish the rim of the glass with the pineapple slice. Place the paper umbrella in the glass and serve immediately., ingredients: [1ounce lime juice, 3 ounces pineapple juice, 14ounce orgeat syrup almond syrup, 1ounce dark rum recommended: Myerss, 1ounce light rum recommended: Bacardi, 1ounce orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau, Crushed ice, 1 maraschino cherry, for garnish, 1 pineapple slice, for garnish, 1 paper umbrella, for garnish], title: Tonga Mai Tai, picturelink: null}, 40480: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine an 8 by 8 inch baking pan with parchment paper. Lightly grease and flour.nIn a standing mixer with the paddle attachment, cream together butter, sugar, vanilla seeds and vanilla extract. Add eggs and mix until well incorporated.nMix together the dry ingredients and slowly add it to the egg mixture. Mix until well incorporated.nPour the batter into prepared pan and spread evenly, add hazelnuts to the top.nBake for 22 to 25 minutes until brownies are set and begin to pull away from the side.nRemove from oven and let cool on wire rack. Once cooled, remove brownies from pan and cut into 1 12inch squares for individual bites.nIn a large bowl, use an electric mixer to cream butter and slowly add the powdered sugar. Add grenadine and mix until a frosting consistency is reached. Place frosting in a piping bag and pipe onto individual brownie bites., ingredients: [1 stick butter, softened, plus extra for greasing, 1 cup turbinado sugar, 12 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 14 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 14 cup cake flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup chopped hazelnuts, 1 stick butter, softened, 2 cups powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons grenadine], title: Killer Hazelnut Brownie Bites, picturelink: 2e9k71W0kZfHefnsh3mNNETqV.cepW}, 40481: {instructions: In a food processor, grind the granola, the peanuts, the coconut and the oatmeal. Melt the carob chips, the peanut butter and the honey over medium heat.nMix dry ingredients into melted mixture until coated. Pour the whole mixture into an 8 by 8inch pan lined with plastic wrap. Chill for fifteen minutes. Slice it into 12 sections and serve.nKeep refrigerated., ingredients: [14 cup granola, 14 cup peanuts, 14 cup coconut, 14 cup oatmeal, 14 cup unsweetened carob chips, 14 cup peanut butter, 34 cup honey], title: Rocky Roadtrip Carob Bars, picturelink: null}, 40482: {instructions: Combine the lamb with the spinach, 3 tablespoons finely chopped mint, yogurt, garam masala, salt, pepper and garlic. Place about onesixth of the mixture on a piece of wax or parchment paper and place another sheet on top. Roll out the meat into a thin freeform cutlet no more than 12inch thick. Repeat for the remaining meat.nCombine the remaining mint with tomatoes, onions and some salt and pepper.nHeat the griddle to mediumhigh heat. Drizzle with some olive oil to lightly coat. Cook the patties until golden on each side, 6 to 8 minutes. Wipe the griddle and add a splash of water then add the naan bread, a few at a time, and cook until crispy and blistered on each side. Halve the naan across. Serve the patties on half a naan topped with some tomato salad and a dollop of yogurt, set another half of naan on top to complete your sandwich.nGet Rachaels shopping list for this episodes recipes here., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground lamb or turkey, 1 box chopped organic frozen spinach, defrosted and wrung dry, About 12 cup fresh mint leaves, about 3 tablespoons finely chopped and a fat handful coarsely chopped, 13 to 12 cup Greek yogurt, plus some for topping cutlets, 2 round tablespoons garam masala, 2 palmfuls, or other curry powder, Salt and pepper, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 vine tomatoes, halved and thinly sliced, 12 red onion, very thinly sliced, Olive oil, for drizzling, 4 Naan breads], title: Crispy Curry Cutlet Sandwiches on Naan Bread, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 40483: {instructions: Bring the cranberries, sugar, passion fruit pulp, and water to a boil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the cranberries have broken down and the sauce is thick, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish and cool. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [2 1pound bags fresh or frozen whole cranberries, 3 cups sugar, 1 12 cups passion fruit pulp, frozen and thawed, 2 cups water], title: Cranberry Passion Fruit Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40484: {instructions: For the crust: Grease a 9by13inch glass or stoneware casserole dish. Combine the graham cracker crumbs, melted butter and confectioners sugar, and press into the prepared dish.nFor the filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment combine the granulated sugar and cream cheese, and beat on mediumhigh speed until combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, and mix until combined. Pour the mixture over the prepared crust and bake until slightly wobbly in the center but set, 20 minutes. Cool the cheesecake until just warm, about 1 hour.nFor the topping: Combine the blueberries, granulated sugar, flour, salt and 13 cup water in a small saucepan set over medium heat and simmer until just thickened, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool until just warm, 30 to 45 minutes.nPour the blueberries over the top of the cheesecake. Refrigerate to chill and set, at least 1 hour.nSlice and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray or butter, for greasing, 2 13 cups graham cracker crumbs, 12 cup butter, melted, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, 2 eggs, 2 12 cups fresh blueberries, 34 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Rustic Blueberry Cheesecake, picturelink: kA2Ojr7PLRL8HPzJNovsSqGlPvHBGDy}, 40485: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly butter an 8 by 8inch baking dish.nCook the gnocchi according to package directions.nIn a large deep saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. Stir in the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until the garlic begins to brown, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, salt, pepper, and parsley. Reduce the heat and bring to a simmer. Add the gnocchi and chicken. Toss well to combine. Mix in the mozzarella and 2 tablespoons of the Parmesan. Pour the mixture into the baking dish and sprinkle with the remaining Parmesan. Bake until the cheese is melted and nicely browned, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the dish from the oven, garnish with the basil leaves and serve., ingredients: [Butter, for baking dish, 1 12ounce package potato gnocchi, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, strained, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 3 to 4 pound roasted chicken, diced, 8 ounces smoked mozzarella, cut in small cubes, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan, divided, Basil leaves, chiffonade, to garnish], title: Bumpin Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: 5Rbk2rjStTcNOYu53Tdh3.yBK..PSwC}, 40486: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat add the cubed meat and cook until browned. Add the chopped bell pepper, onion, tomato, garlic, cumin, black pepper and 1ounce water and stir to combine. Add 1 quart water and bring everything to a boil. Turn the heat down and add the roux. Cook the mixture until it thickens and season with salt, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter and serve., ingredients: [1 pound cubed beef blade meat, 1 large green bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 onion, roughly chopped, 1 large tomato, chopped, 14 cup chopped garlic, 1ounce whole cumin seeds, 12ounce freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart water, plus 1ounce, 12 cup blonde roux, made from 12 cup flour and 12 cup fat, Salt], title: Carne Guisada, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 40487: {instructions: Whisk the prosecco, vodka and mint in a pitcher.nPlace a small scoop of sorbet in each chilled champagne flute and top with the prosecco mixture. Garnish with mint sprigs., ingredients: [1 bottle prosecco, very cold, 4 ounces lemon flavored vodka, very cold, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, Lemon sorbet, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Sgroppino, picturelink: VtApbOu4RN9HLCZqd3q6PXGGY363lq}, 40488: {instructions: Prepare penne according to package directions. Once cooked, toss with 1 teaspoon olive oil and chill. Cut off 1  2 inches of the base of asparagus and discard. Slice asparagus into 1 12inch pieces. Simmer in skillet with water until tender, about 12 minutes. Drain asparagus and plunge into a bowl of ice water. This will help maintain the bright green color and stop the asparagus from cooking further. Toast pine nuts in oven until golden. In small bowl squeeze juice from lemon and grate the rind to create lemon zest. In large bowl whisk together lemon and rind, salt, pepper and remaining olive oil. Add asparagus, drained red pepper, pine nuts and pasta. Serve., ingredients: [12 pound penne, 14 cup and 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 bunch asparagus, 12 cup water, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, Grated rind of 1 lemon, Salt, Pepper, 1 jarred red pepper, diced, 2 tablespoons pine nuts], title: Asparagus Lemon Pasta Salad, picturelink: MQ7T6ynJOR5Wj24Tu926XzQzm29FY1u}, 40489: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason bass on both sides with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Sear the fish, skin down, until golden brown. Turn over and place the pan in the oven and cook for 4 to 5 minutes for medium doneness.nLadle Cauliflower Sauce into the bottom of 2 shallow wide bowls. Place a bass fillet on top of the sauce, then ladle more of the sauce over. Sprinkle with chives.nHeat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add cauliflower and cook for 5 minutes do not let onions, garlic, or cauliflower obtain any color. Add wine and cook until reduced by half. Add fish stock and just enough water to cover the cauliflower and season with salt and pepper. Cover and cook until the cauliflower is completely cooked through and soft.nTransfer the mixture to a food processor add almonds, and process until smooth. Strain the mixture into a medium saucepan and place on the stove over medium heat. Whisk in the cream and cook for 2 minutes. Whisk in the butter and cook until melted. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 7ounce black sea bass fillets, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, Cauliflower Sauce, recipe follows, Chopped chives, for garnish, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 medium head cauliflower florets, chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups fish stock, Water, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 14 cup sliced blanched almonds, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Pan Roasted Black Sea Bass with CauliflowerAlmond Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40490: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a medium skillet over medium heat and add the oil. When the oil is hot add the onion, red pepper, chorizo, oregano, and garlic. Cook, stirring frequently, until the pepper and onions are soft and brown, about 6 minutes. Cool.nWhisk the eggs, milk, cilantro, and 1 teaspoon salt together in a large liquid measuring cup or medium bowl.nArrange the tart shells on a baking sheet and divide the chorizo filling evenly among the tart shells. Pour or spoon the custard mixture over the filling to fill the shells. Bake until the eggs are just set, about 15 minutes. Cool and serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 small onion, thinly sliced, 12 red pepper, seeded and very thinly sliced, 3 ounces Spanish chorizo, quartered lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 large eggs, 13 cup milk, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 24 prepared minitart shells, baked], title: Mini Chorizo Quiches, picturelink: null}, 40491: {instructions: Fill a 2 12 to 3gallon stockpot half full with water and bring to a boil. Add the seasoning and potatoes to the pot. Allow the water to return to a boil and cook for 5 minutes. Add the onions and sausage. Bring the water back to a boil and cook for 15 minutes. Add the corn, bring the water back to a boil and cook for 10 minutes, or until the potatoes are done. Add the shrimp, bring the water back to a boil and cook until the shrimp turn pink, about 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon or drain in a large colander and serve on a large platter or on newspaper., ingredients: [Quarter of 8ounce bottle concentrated Louisianastyle shrimp and crab boil seasoning, such as Zatarains Liquid, 3 pounds medium red potatoes, 1 12 medium sweet onions, such as Vidalia, peeled, 1 14 pounds cured, smoked pork sausage links, cut into 3inch pieces, Four 8inch ears corn, shucked and cut in half, 1 12 pounds raw medium shrimp, peel on], title: Low Country Boil, picturelink: fwjxxoNuMCivESQ6xk5uzeXVXcDzku}, 40492: {instructions: Place wine, stock, garlic, ginger, lemongrass, and lemon rind in a saucepan over high heat. Bring the broth to the boil then add the mussels and cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until the mussels have opened. Discard any mussels that dont open. Serve mussels in deep bowls with the broth and some bread. Garnish with chopped scallions., ingredients: [1 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons shredded ginger, 2 stalks lemongrass, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons shredded lemon rind, 2 pounds mussels, cleaned, Chopped scallions, for garnish], title: Mussels in Ginger and Lemongrass Broth, picturelink: null}, 40493: {instructions: Combine the olives, capers, anchovies and garlic in a food processor fitted with a steel blade, and pulse 3 times. Add the olive oil, lemon juice, mustard, thyme and parsley and process until chunky.nServe on toasts., ingredients: [12 pound good black olives, such as kalamata, pitted and diced, 3 tablespoons capers, drained, 8 anchovy fillets, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 cup good olive oil, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 baguette, sliced and toasted], title: Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 40494: {instructions: Cut a 2inch strip of zest from both the orange and grapefruit place in a glass bowl. Squeeze 3 tablespoons juice from each fruit into the bowl set the fruit aside. Whisk in 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons vinegar, 1 tablespoon oregano, the cumin seeds, and salt and pepper to taste. Poke the pork chops with a fork, then add them to the marinade, turning to coat. Set aside for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the mojo sauce: Squeeze 1 tablespoon each orange and grapefruit juice into another bowl whisk in the remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon oregano, garlic and parsley. Season with 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste.nBoil the plantains in a saucepan of salted water, covered, until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain, reserving about 12 cup cooking liquid. Smash the plantains with a potato masher, drizzling with olive oil and some of the cooking liquid. Season with salt and pepper keep warm.nHeat 2 medium skillets over mediumhigh heat. Remove the pork from the marinade pat dry. Brush the chops lightly with some of the mojo sauce sear until golden and slightly crisp on one side, about 5 minutes. Turn and cook about 3 more minutes. Divide the pork and plantains among plates and drizzle with more mojo sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 orange, 1 grapefruit, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, crushed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds thin bonein pork chops, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 3 ripe plantains or 1 pound potatoes, peeled and quartered], title: Mojo Pork Chops with Plantains, picturelink: sJnA1k2KSvihwo4PJtwdFBnD3X6BD.y}, 40495: {instructions: Combine the soy sauce, vinegar, scallions, sugar, ginger, sesame oil, and pepper flakes in a bowl. Whisk well to blend. Reserve 14 cup and set aside. Pour the rest into a plastic bag with a resealable closure. Add the skirt steak and seal. Marinate in the refrigerator, turning the bag often, for at least 4 hours or overnight.nFill a large deep saucepan to a depth of about 2 inches with vegetable oil. Heat over mediumhigh heat until a deepfat thermometer reads 375 degrees F. Alternatively, use an electric deepfat fryer Pull apart the clusters of noodles into clumps of about 10 strands each. Working in batches, fry the noodles, turning once, until they puff up and turn white, about 10 seconds. Use a slotted spoon or a spider a slotted spoon designed like a spiders web used for deepfrying to transfer to paper towels to drain.nRemove the skirt steak from the marinade and pat dry with paper towels. The drier the beef, the better it will sear. Working in batches, heat half the oil in a large skillet over high heat until almost smoking. Season the meat with salt and pepper. Place in the skillet and reduce the heat to mediumhigh. Cook until seared on the outside and rare to mediumrare on the inside, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a platter, cover loosely with foil, and let rest for 5 minutes. Repeat with the remaining oil and skirt steak. Cut into very thin slices, holding the knife at an angle and cutting against the grain. Toss with the reserved 14 cup sauce in a large bowl until well coated.nCrumble the fried noodles and mound on individual serving plates. Top with equal portions of the beef and garnish with chopped scallions., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar, 3 scallions, white and 2 inches of the green parts, finely chopped, plus additional chopped scallions for garnish, 2 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, finely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons Asian toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons hot red pepper flakes, 1 12 pounds skirt steak, in two pieces, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying the noodles plus 3 tablespoons for sauteing the beef, 1 12 ounces cellophane noodles bean threads, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Korean Beef, picturelink: null}, 40496: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 355 degrees F or 180 degrees C. Butter a 9inch diameter round pan and line with buttered parchment paper.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, add the butter, brown sugar, molasses and ginger. Stir until the sugar dissolves.nCombine the flours, baking soda, nutmeg and cinnamon in a large bowl.nWhisk the cream, ricotta and eggs together in a medium bowl. Add the butter mixture, then stir into dry the ingredients along with the lime zest, orange zest and coconut. Pour into the prepared pan and bake for approximately 45 minutes.nAdd all the syrup ingredients to a small saucepan over low heat and stir until the sugar dissolves. Bring to a boil, then cook for 2 minutes without stirring. Keep the syrup hot.nPrepare the filling by adding the cream to a large bowl and beating with a hand mixer, until very stiff peaks form. Add the mascarpone and beat lightly. Fold in the ricotta, powdered sugar, lime zest and orange zest. Cover and refrigerate until thick.nRemove the cake from the oven. Pierce all over with a skewer, then pour the hot syrup over the cake. Cover and refrigerate, wrapped well in plastic wrap, until cold.nRun a knife around the edge of the pan and remove the cake to a cutting board or large plate. Line the pan with plastic wrap and slice the cake horizontally into 3 layers. Return 1 layer to the pan. Spread with 13 of the filling, top with the second cake layer and cover with another 13 of the filling, then top with the final cake layer. Wrap and refrigerate the cake for another couple of hours or overnight. Cover the remaining cream and refrigerate until ready to use.nWhen ready to serve, remove the cake from the pan to a serving plate or cake stand and frost the cake with the remaining cream. Press the shredded coconut all over the cake and serve., ingredients: [250 grams 8ounces plus 1 12 tablespoons chopped butter, plus more for pan, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 23 cup molasses, 10 cm one 3inch piece fresh ginger, grated, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup selfrising flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup ricotta, 2 eggs, 2 limes, zest grated, 2 oranges, zest grated, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 cup water, 34 cup superfine sugar, 300 ml 10ounces heavy cream, 150 grams 5 14ounces mascarpone, softened at room temperature, 100 grams 3 12ounces ricotta, 6 tablespoons powdered sugar, 2 limes, zest grated, 2 oranges, zest grated, Sweetened shredded coconut, for decoration], title: Lime, Ginger and Mascarpone Cake, picturelink: 7MxTEN6nnc3HDQYBzPO42UlNUBIXGui}, 40497: {instructions: Chop the brioche bread into 12inch cubes to make 16 cups. Stale bread works best for stuffingif yours is fresh, spread out the cubes on baking sheet and dry in a 300 degrees F oven, 15 to 20 minutes.nHeat 1 stick butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, celery, sage, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth bring to a simmer and remove from the heat.nBeat the eggs and parsley in a large bowl stir in the bread cubes, the vegetablebroth mixture, the prepared pears, sausage and almonds.nTransfer the mixture to a buttered 3to4quart baking dish and dot with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Cover with foil and bake at 375 degrees F, 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until golden, about 20 more minutes.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [Brioche bread, 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups chopped onions, leeks or scallions, 2 cups diced celery, 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups lowsodium chicken or turkey broth, 2 large eggs, 14 cup chopped parsley, Pears, cut into small chunks and sauteed in butter, 1 pound Italian sausage, cooked and crumbled, 1 cup roughly chopped almonds], title: BriochePear Stuffing With Italian Sausage and Almonds, picturelink: 5RrC3ddxb2amHognOQd0iBDaGyyGk1W}, 40498: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nCrescent Rolls: Unroll dough separate crosswise into 2 sections. Pat dough and firmly press perforations to seal, forming 2 squares.nRecipe Creations: Unroll dough and cut crosswise into 2 rectangles. Pat dough to form 2 squares. Place 1 square on ungreased cookie sheet. Place cheese on center of dough.nWith small cookie or canape cutter, cut 1 shape from each corner of remaining square set cutouts aside.nPlace remaining square on top of cheese round. Press dough evenly around cheese fold bottom edges over top edges. Gently stretch dough evenly around cheese press to seal completely. Brush with beaten egg. Top with cutouts brush with additional beaten egg.nBake at 350 degrees F. for 20 to 24 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 15 minutes. Serve warm.nIf using Pillsburyu00ae Big  Flaky large refrigerated crescent dinner rolls, unroll dough and press into 1 rectangle, sealing perforations. Cut in half, forming 2 squares. Continue as directedexcept add 8 to 10 minutes to bake time., ingredients: [1 8oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Crescent Dinner Rolls or Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu2122 flaky dough sheet, 1 8oz. round natural Brie cheese, 1 egg, beaten], title: CrescentWrapped Brie, picturelink: 0i2R4bxhsAq.MyCVhK2UemyM88Rn5Hi}, 40499: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nGrill the fillets to obtain marks to sear in juices and set aside. In a hot saute pan with light oil, sear the scallops to seal in the juices and set aside as well. Do not cook fish and scallops through, cooking will be completed later on.nIn a saute pan with olive oil, caramelize the onions and fennel. Add garlic, prawns, and shellfish and continue to saute. Add the oysters and Lemon Verbena Broth. Cook until the shellfish are open.nAdd fingerling potatoes, teardrop tomatoes, beets, and carrots. Stir in the 3 tablespoons of compound butter. Add rock crab and continue to simmer for 3 minutes. Place fish and scallops in the oven for 2 to 3 minutes to finish cooking. Spoon bouillabaisse into a bowl, and then add grilled fish and scallops.nGarnish with chopped herbs and sprigs of verbena.nIn a saucepot heat olive oil and sweat the onions. Then add fennel tops and fumet. Bring to simmer, reduce heat, and continue to cook for 15 minutes.nTake off heat and add verbena. Let sit for 15 minutes. Then cool in ice bath as soon as possible. Strain when cool and refrigerate until needed.nMix all ingredients in a stainless steel bowl when the butter is soft. Store refrigerated.nIn a small bowl, mix all herbs together. Use for garnish., ingredients: [Six 2ounce salmon fillets, Six 2ounce halibut fillets, 12 scallops, 14 cup olive oil, 12 sweet onion, diced, 1 fennel, diced, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 shrimp or prawns, 2125 per pound, peeled and deveined, 12 mussels, 12 Manila clams Little Neck may be substituted, 12 oysters, Pacific yearling, petite your favorite may be substituted, 6 cups Lemon Verbena Broth, recipe follows, 9 fingerling potatoes, boiled and halved, 6 red teardrop tomatoes, halved, 6 yellow teardrop tomatoes, halved, 2 red beets, blanched, peeled, cut in eighths, 2 golden beets, blanched, peeled, cut in eighths, 12 baby carrots, peeled and blanched, 3 tablespoons Bouillabaisse Butter, recipe follows, 12 Red Rock crab legs, cooked Dungeness may be substituted, 6 sprigs lemon verbena, for garnish, 1 tablespoon Herb Mix, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 diced sweet onion, 1 diced fennel top, 3 garlic cloves, crushed, 2 quarts fish fumet stock, 2 bunches whole verbena, 2 pounds softened whole butter, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 oranges, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon ground star anise, 1 tablespoon saffron threads, 1 tablespoon toasted and ground fennel seed, 1 12 tablespoon Chimayo chili powder, 2 tablespoons Herb Mix, recipe follows, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped fennel fronds, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: Seattle Style Bouillabaisse, picturelink: null}}