{40500: {instructions: Heat oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Add prosciutto and garlic and saute for a couple of minutes. Add wine, lemon juice and sugar and simmer for 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool completely. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Toss together spinach, mushrooms, walnuts and cheese in a bowl. Give dressing a quick stir before tossing with the salad., ingredients: [6 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup thickly sliced and chopped prosciutto, 5 garlic cloves, chopped, 6 tablespoons white wine, 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bag fresh spinach, stemmed, 1 12 cups sliced mushrooms, 12 cup chopped walnuts, toasted, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Spinach Salad, picturelink: null}, 40501: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Use a 8 by 8inch baking dish or one of similar size, and butter the bottom and sides with 1 tablespoon butter. Wash potatoes and thinly slice them, using a mandolin, to approximately 116inch thick. Layer 15 of the sliced potatoes into the baking dish, making 2 thin layers of potatoes overlapping. Sprinkle with 2 teaspoons of the Parmesan cheese. Top with 12cup fruit, salt, pepper and 12 cup cream. Repeat this step 4 more times, ending with the potatoes. Top the potatoes with the remaining cream and the 3 tablespoons of the butter cut into small pieces. Sprinkle with the rest of the cheese.nCover the pan with foil and bake for 2 hours. Uncover the pan and bake for an additional 15 minutes until lightly browned the top. For a darker brown place the potatoes under the broiler for a few minutes. Remove the potatoes from the oven and let them sit for 15 minutes before serving. Cut into squares with a sharp knife., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, scrubbed, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 cups dried fruit mix, 2 cups heavy cream, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: DUTCH OVEN POTATOES, picturelink: null}, 40502: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, garlic, honey, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and whisk until salt is dissolved. Whisking constantly, slowly pour in the oil until completely incorporated. Taste and adjust the seasoning as desired.nPour the dressing on the greens and toss to coat. Put the salad on the flatbread, scatter cheese on top, and serve.nCalories: 260 Total Fat: 17 grams Saturated Fat: 5 grams Protein: 9 grams Total Carbohydrates: 19 grams Sugar: 2 grams Fiber: 2.5 grams Cholesterol: 14 milligrams Sodium: 730 milligrams, ingredients: [1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 3 medium roasted garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon table salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 10 ounces mixed winter greens arugula, radicchio, endive, escarole, rinsed and torn into bitesized pieces, 4 ounces storebought flatbread crackers or lavash, 2 ounces aged pecorino, shaved into paper thin pieces], title: Flatbread Salad Pizza, picturelink: s2rLSo9mIxkXSz21x.pPCDahVq23O}, 40503: {instructions: Sift together flour and salt into a bowl.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer, add the butter and mix on mediumhigh until fluffy and light. Add the sugar and the eggs, 1 at a time, until incorporated and combined. Add vanilla and cinnamon. Reduce the speed to low and gradually add the flour to the butter, sugar, egg mixture. Mix until batter looks smooth. Place dough onto a flowered cutting board and cut the dough into quarters, flatten and wrap with the plastic. Chill in the refrigerator for 2 12 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWith a rolling pin covered in flour, roll out dough quarters 1 at a time, on a floured work surface to 14 to 18inch thick. Use a variety of cutters to cut out cookies. Transfer to a baking sheet lined with parchment and space cookies about 1 12 inches apart.nBake cookies until they are golden brown, about 8 minutes. Using a using a spatula, transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer, add sugar and meringue powder. Mix on low speed until thoroughly combined, then drizzle in 12 cup of cold water. Beat until thick and glossy. Add the lemon juice to thin it out slightly. Add red food coloring a little at a time until you achieve a pretty pink color.nOnce cookies are cool, coat the cookies with the pink frosting, using an offset spatula. You can use a toothpick to carefully spread out the frosting in the small spaces. Sprinkle with pink sanding sugar for a glitzy effect. Let the frosting dry for 1 full day., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for work surface, 34 teaspoon salt, 3 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 14 cups sifted sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Royal Icing, recipe follows, 1 pound confectioners sugar, 5 tablespoons meringue powder, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 3 drops red food coloring], title: Piggie Butter Cookies, picturelink: null}, 40504: {instructions: Drain the liquid from all the cans of fruit. Thin the sour cream with whichever fruit juice you would like. Mix all the ingredients together with the thin sour cream., ingredients: [2 cans chunky pineapple, 2 cans fruit cocktail, 2 cans tropical fruit cocktail, 4 cans mandarin oranges, 1 large container sour cream, 1 bag miniature marshmallows, 1 small jar Maraschino cherries], title: Fruit Ambrosia, picturelink: null}, 40505: {instructions: Lightly butter 4 small microwavesafe mugs. Whisk 12 cup each sugar and buttermilk, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 egg and 12 teaspoon vanilla in a large bowl until smooth, about 2 minutes. Whisk in 12 cup flour, 18 teaspoon baking soda and a pinch of salt until just combined. Pour 13 cup batter into each mug. Microwave, one at a time, until puffed and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 2 minutes. Continue microwaving in 15second intervals, if needed. Let cool slightly. Top as desired.nVariationsnConfetti: Make Basic Mug Cakes, adding 2 teaspoons rainbow sprinkles to each mug before adding the batter stir. Top with whipped cream and more sprinkles.nStrawberry Shortcake: Make Basic Mug Cakes, adding 1 chopped strawberry and 1 tablespoon white chocolate chips to each mug before adding the batter stir. Top with more chopped strawberries.nTriple Chocolate: Make Basic Mug Cakes, using only 13 cup flour add 2 tablespoons Dutchprocess cocoa powder with the flour. Top with chocolate ice cream and chocolate sprinkles.nChocolate Chip: Make Basic Mug Cakes, using dark brown sugar instead of granulated. Add 1 tablespoon mini chocolate chips to each mug before adding the batter stir. Top with vanilla ice cream and more mini chocolate chips.nGlutenFree Blueberry Cheesecake: Lightly butter 4 small microwavesafe mugs. Microwave 8 ounces cream cheese in a large microwavesafe bowl until soft, about 30 seconds. Whisk in 1 large egg, 14 cup confectioners sugar make sure your brand is glutenfree, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon each lemon juice and vanilla, and a pinch of salt. Pour 14 cup batter into each mug stir 1 teaspoon dried blueberries into each. Microwave, one at a time, until puffed, about 2 minutes. Continue microwaving in 15second intervals, if needed. Let cool slightly. Top with blueberry preserves.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: Basic Mug Cakes, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 40506: {instructions: For the dough: Combine flour, 12 teaspoon salt, and baking powder in a bowl and mix well. Add egg, sour cream, water, and canola oil and knead by hand or in a stand mixer fitted with dough hook attachment for 8 to 10 minutes.nFor the potato filling: Mix together the potatoes, goat cheese, red onion, chives, salt, and pepper, to taste. Add the heavy cream as needed to adjust the consistency.nFor the caramelized onions: Cook the onions with 3 tablespoons butter very slowly over low heat. Season the onions with salt, freshly ground black pepper, and chopped thyme.nFor the truffe creme fraiche: Roll dough into 18inch sheets and then cut 2inch circles out of that. Place heaping tablespoon of filling onto each circle and fold into halfmoon shape. Seal with beaten egg.nTo serve, gently saute pierogies in olive oil, top with onions and creme fraiche., ingredients: [2 cups flour, Salt, 18 teaspoon baking powder, 1 egg, beaten, plus more for sealing pierogies, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup warm water, 1 teaspoon canola oil, 2 large Idaho potatoes, peeled, boiled, hand mashed, dried in oven, cooled, 34 cup softened goat cheese, 1 small red onion, minced and sauteed, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces 14 cup heavy cream, 1 onion, sliced, Fresh thyme, leaves picked and chopped, 1 cup creme fraiche, 1 tablespoon white truffle oil, 1 teaspoon chopped black truffle pieces optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies, picturelink: null}, 40507: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together broth, wine, tomato paste, and flour until evenly combined and smooth. Stir in dried mushrooms and set aside to reconstitute, at least 30 minutes. Strain mushrooms before using, reserving liquid.nPlace potatoes in a large pot and cover with heavily salted water by 2 inches. Bring potatoes to a boil and cook until fork tender, about 20 to 30 minutes.nHeat the oven on low broil and place a rack in the upper third. Meanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a 3 to 4quart Dutch oven or ovenready saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When it foams, add half the mushrooms and cook, stirring rarely, until mushrooms are browned, about 5 minutes. Remove mushrooms from pan, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and set aside. Repeat to cook off remaining mushrooms.nReturn pan to stove over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon of the butter, onion, celery, and garlic, and cook until softened and golden, about 2 minutes. Add celery root, carrot, parsnip, and herbs, and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cook until browned and softened, about 6 minutes.nAdd wine mixture to pan and deglaze by stirring and scraping up any browned bits. Let cook until simmering and slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Stir in reserved mushrooms and any juices that have accumulated and simmer until slightly thickened, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat and reserve in pan.nWhen potatoes are ready, drain well. Return to pan and mash until uniformly smooth. Fold in remaining 2 tablespoons butter and milk, and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper. If necessary, keep warm over low heat.nDot potatoes over vegetable mixture and spread to edges of pan to cover completely. Rough up the surface of the potatoes so there are bits that will get browned and crunchy. Broil until top is golden, about 15 to 20 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups lowsodium mushroom broth, 13 cup dry red wine, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 34 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 3 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, and cut into large dice, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 pounds cremini mushrooms, stemmed and quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 medium yellow onion, finely chopped, 3 medium celery stalks, finely chopped, 5 medium garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 medium celery root, peeled and small dice, 3 medium carrots, peeled and small dice, 2 medium parsnips, peeled and small dice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 23 cup whole milk], title: Vegetarian Shepherds Pie, picturelink: zMAgHk1GJRIpHuz2a7tA1VaxuDoswq}, 40508: {instructions: Prepare the recipe for Simple Pizza Dough. While the dough is rising, prepare the remaining ingredients for the cinnamon knots and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMix the butter with sugar and cinnamon.nTurn the risen dough out onto a floured surface. Stretch the dough into a rectangle. Spread half of the butter mixture on half of the dough. Then fold the dough in half, covering the butter with the dough.nUsing a pizza wheel, divide the dough into 18 strips. First cut through the middle, then you can cut each half into 9 pieces. Stretch each strip and tie into a knot and tuck the ends underneath the center of the knot. Place the knots onto a baking sheet.nBake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan over low heat, melt the remaining butter.nOnce the knots come out of the oven, baste them with the melted butter. Serve warm and enjoynIn a liquid measuring cup, combine the warm water, yeast and sugar. Allow the yeast to dissolve and bloom, about 5 minutes. Once bloomed, add the olive oil.nMeanwhile, in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour and salt. Stream in the wateryeast mixture and as the dough begins to come together, switch to a dough hook attachment. Allow the dough to knead, adding a bit more flour if needed, so that the dough releases from the sides of the bowl, 1 to 3 minutes. You should be able to touch the dough and not have the dough stick to your fingers. Once the dough has kneaded and has pulled away from the sides of the bowl, remove the dough from bowl to a floured work surface and, with floured hands, continue to knead it by hand for 1 to 2 minutes. Then form the dough into a round ball and place it into a large bowl sprayed with nonstick spray. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a clean dish towel and let the dough rise in a warm area of your kitchen until it doubles in size, 1 12 to 2 hours. After the dough has risen it is ready to be cooked however youd likenCooks Notes: This dough is wet dough, keep bench flour at the ready and make sure to flour your hands when working with the dough. Trust your gut as a chef, if the dough is to wet, add more flour, if it is too stiff, add a little water.nSugar is used to feed the yeast which will help the dough to grow. Bread flour will give you a chewier texture because the flour has more gluten. You dont need to use a thermometer to get the water temperature it should just feel warm to the touch., ingredients: [12 recipe Simple Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 16 tablespoons 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons ground cinnamon, Bench flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 34 cups warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 1 envelope active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons salt, Nonstick spray], title: Cinnamon Knots, picturelink: bJAjGzYkEQAFhWENRnVvc3L15s1zEa}, 40509: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all the brine ingredients, except the brisket, in a large nonreactive bowl. Add the brisket you may have to cut it into 2 pieces and rub the spice mix into the meat. Pour cold water over until the meat is covered. Weight the brisket down with a small plate so that it is completely submerged cover and refrigerate. The meat can be brined overnight or as long as 10 days. The longer the brining the more pickled the meat.nHeat the oven to 300 degrees F.nHeat a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. Add the onion, carrots, celery, garlic, marjoram, and bay leaves and cook until starting to soften, about 10 minutes. Remove the meat from the brine and rinse it well. Set the meat on top of the vegetables and add water to just cover the meat. Bring to a boil skimming any foam that surfaces. Reduce the heat to a simmer, place the lid on the pot, and cook for 15 minutes. Add the cabbage pieces, cover, and put it into the oven cook for 3 hours.nRemove the meat, cover it with foil, and let it rest for 20 minutes. Cut the fat off the corned beef, slice the meat against the grain, and serve it in shallow bowls with the cabbage wedges, some cooking liquid, and the Herbed Root Vegetables.n2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oiln2 tablespoons unsalted buttern1 pound new potatoes, scrubbedn1 pound baby carrots, trimmed and scrubbedn1 pound baby turnips, trimmed and scrubbedn1 pound baby parsnips, trimmed and scrubbednKosher salt and freshly ground black peppern12 pound unsalted butter, softenedn12 cup mixed chopped fresh herbs like thyme, mint, chives, parsley, or chervilnKosher salt and freshly ground black peppernPut the olive oil and butter into a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the vegetables and toss to coat them well with the fat season with salt and pepper. Add 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer, cover the pot, and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the Herb Butter by combining the soft butter and herbs together season with some salt and pepper.nTo serve, spread some Herb Butter in the bottom of a bowl. Add the hot vegetables and dot with more Herb Butter. Moisten with some of the cooking liquid and serve.nYield: 6 to 8 servingsnPrep Time: 20 minutesnCook Time: 30 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [1 cup kosher salt, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons whole coriander, 1 12 tablespoons whole mustard seeds, 1 12 tablespoons whole black peppercorns, 1 12 tablespoons whole allspice, 4 sprigs fresh marjoram, 4 sprigs fresh thyme leaves, 2 bay leaves, 1 2 12 to 3 pound brisket, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, halved, 6 carrots, coarsely chopped, 1 head celery including leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 head garlic, halved, 3 sprigs fresh marjoram, 1 small cabbage cut into 6 to 8 wedges, Herbed Root Vegetables, recipe follows], title: Corned Beef and Cabbage, picturelink: aa0MJLk0in6M8h14QlX68rdtMDgp.}, 40510: {instructions: In a large punch bowl, combine pink lemonade concentrate and Champagne. Stir to combine and dissolve frozen lemonade. Add sliced strawberries, peaches and mangoes to punch bowl. Ladle into glasses and serve., ingredients: [2 cans frozen pink lemonade concentrate, 1 bottle Champagne, Sliced strawberries, Sliced peaches, Sliced mangoes], title: Pink Lemonade Champagne Punch, picturelink: PlTqL2gcXXsTIn5HnpJZ6APXgkqoseK}, 40511: {instructions: For the chorizo: Heat the oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the oregano, cumin, paprika, cayenne and cinnamon and cook for 1 minute. Add the vinegar and cook until reduced. Remove from the heat, transfer to a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into a bowl and let cool to room temperature.nnMix in the ground pork gently to combine. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours to allow the flavors to meld.nFor the tortilla: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in a large nonstick saute pan over high heat. Add the chorizo and cook until golden brown. Transfer to a papertowellined plate using a slotted spoon. Remove all but 2 tablespoons of the fat from the pan. Return the pan over medium heat.nnWhisk together the eggs in a large bowl until pale and fluffy. Add the cheese, parsley, peppers and chorizo and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Add the egg mixture to the pan, moving it around in the pan to help the tortilla to rise. Fry until golden brown, stirring occasionally, until it has set. Transfer to the oven and bake until set, about 15 minutes.nnWhen the tortilla is firm, remove from the oven, place a large plate over the pan and flip the tortilla onto it. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped to a paste with a pinch kosher salt, 2 teaspoons dried Mexican oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground Spanish paprika, 14 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 14 pounds wellmarbled ground pork shoulder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Spanish olive oil, 1 dozen large eggs, 4 ounces Gurroxta cheese, grated, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 6 piquillo peppers, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spanish Tortilla with Chorizo, Piquillo Peppers and Gurroxta Cheese, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 40512: {instructions: In a medium nonstick skillet cook the scallions in the butter over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until soft. In a bowl whisk together the eggs, cream cheese and salt and pepper. Pour the mixture into the skillet and cook over moderately low heat, stirring, or until cooked. Transfer to a serving plate and sprinkle with the chives or scallions., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 23 cup minced scallions, 8 large eggs, 4 ounces cream cheese, cut into bits and softened, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, Snipped chives or thinly sliced scallions tops for garnish], title: Cream Cheese and Scallion Scrambled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 40513: {instructions: Crust:nMix crust ingredients gently to combine. Do not over mix. Put mixture into a lightly greased 10inch pie plate. Shape meat to form a 1inch thick crust.nFilling:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix filling ingredients and scoop into meat crust.nBake for 1 12 hours. Let pie cool for 15 minutes before cutting into 8 pie slices. Top each slice with Adrianas Tomato Basil Sauce and sprinkle with a little Parmesan.nIn large pot, cook garlic and red pepper flakes in oil on low heat for 3 to 5 minutes only. Add tomatoes, paste, water, all seasonings, and fresh basil. Bring to a boil and then reduce to low heat. Add the chunk of Romano cheese. Cook for 2 12 to 3 hours stirring often., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 cup bread crumbs, 1 small onion, chopped, 3 large eggs, 12 cup Parmesan, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 5 cups cooked tubetti pasta tiny tubes or baby shells work best, 12 pound shredded mozzarella, 12 pound shredded provolone, 34 cup grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, 2 cups Adrianas tomato basil sauce, recipe follows, 13 cup olive oil, 4 cloves minced garlic, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 56 ounces canned tomatoes, 24 ounces tomato paste, 56 ounces water, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon black ground pepper, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup fresh whole basil leaves, 1 2ounce chunk Romano cheese], title: Adrianas Pasta Pie, picturelink: kOm33l2caXt9uNMk84uxC67W51U0a}, 40514: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nLine 2 baking pans with foil for easier cleaning. Set a baking rack in each pan. Split hens and butterfly open and place 3 hens in each baking pan. Season the hens with salt and pepper liberally. Mix the orange concentrate, balsamic vinegar and olive oil and pour evenly over the hens. Sprinkle with rosemary and roast 15 minutes at 425 degrees F and 30 minutes at 375 degrees F., ingredients: [6 hens, rinsed and pat dry, Coarse salt, Coarse black pepper, 1 cup defrosted orange juice concentrate, 1 cup aged balsamic vinegar, 3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 7 to 8 stems rosemary, chopped], title: Orange Balsamic Rock Cornish Game Hens, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 40515: {instructions: Combine the nondairy creamer, candy canes and sugar in a jar with a lid or a sealable plastic container. Put on the lid and shake well to combine. Store in an airtight container.nTo use, stir into hot coffee or hot cocoa., ingredients: [12 cup powdered nondairy coffee creamer, 14 cup finely crushed candy canes or peppermint candies, 14 cup granulated sugar], title: Candy Cane Coffee Creamer, picturelink: PRVJ93L7aGVDAhrO4LgFq.LEX7wNKy}, 40516: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 3quart baking dish with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, combine the evaporated milk, flour, paprika, seasoning salt, nutmeg, cayenne, 34 teaspoon kosher salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Add the potatoes, onions and zucchini and toss to coat, making sure to separate the vegetable slices.nPour the mixture into the prepared baking dish, distribute the vegetables evenly, and then flatten the top with a rubber spatula. Sprinkle with the Parmesan and bake until crispy on top and the potatoes are tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nLet sit for 10 minutes to set. Garnish with green onions before serving., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 12 ounces evaporated skim milk, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon allpurpose seasoning salt, such as Spike, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 medium baking potatoes, thinly sliced, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced into rings, 1 small zucchini, thinly sliced, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped green onions, green part only, for garnish], title: Mamas Scalloped Potatoes, picturelink: LmwrDV.ZGWyyJPlRqUHxiB4gaglTsdm}, 40517: {instructions: For the vermouth onion broth: Sear the onions in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add in 8 cups water, the vermouth, bay leaves, thyme and some salt, and bring to boil for 20 minutes. Hold hot for the chicken.nFor the chicken: On a sheet of plastic wrap, make 4 rows of spinach leaves. Sprinkle the chicken breasts with salt and place 1 breast in the center of each spinach row. Carefully roll the chicken in the spinach by folding over the plastic wrap. Roll tightly and fold under, sealing the plastic wrap around the chicken. Repeat for all chicken breasts. When wrapped, place in the vermouth and onion broth, bring to a simmer and cook for 10 to 12 minutes. Add the lemon juice and reserve.nFor the feta salsa verde: In a food processor, place the spinach, herbs, shallot and 1 cup of the olive oil. Pulse until rough puree u00bf do not over blend. Place the salsa in a bowl, grate in the lemon zest, add the remaining 1 cup oil, crumble in the feta and mix well. Season with salt and allow to meld for 15 minutes. Adjust seasonings with lemon juice and zest.nFor the risotto: In a heavybottomed pan over high heat, saute the chopped leeks and onions until translucent. Add in the arborio rice and saute for a couple minutes. Add in a couple of cups of wine and stir frequently. Once the wine has evaporated, add in the chicken stock 1 cup at a time, stirring frequently while the rice absorbs the liquid and begins to cook through. Keep adding stock as the liquid is absorbed.nWhen the rice has cooked thoroughly, add in the butter, cheese and lemon zest and stir until it reaches a creamy consistency. Season with salt.nRemove the plastic wrap from the chicken and slice to serve.nPlate and eat me fast, ingredients: [3 onions, halved, 1 bottle vermouth, 2 bay leaves, A couple sprigs fresh thyme, Salt, 1 bag spinach leaves, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, Salt, 1 12 lemons, juiced, 1 cup spinach, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 shallot, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 4 ounces feta cheese, Salt, 1 onion, chopped, 1 leek, chopped, 1 cup aborio rice, 12 bottle white wine, 8 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 2 lemons, zested, Salt], title: Spinach Wrapped Chicken with Lemon Risotto and Feta Cheese Salsa Verde, picturelink: grGY1mFQnwdWeNE108VmkjUW1qyzyYm}, 40518: {instructions: Muddle the sugar and mint in the bottom of a pitcher. Stir in the lemon juice, 4 cups cold water and the orange flower water until the sugar is dissolved. Add the orange slices, cover and refrigerate until very cold, about 2 hours. Serve over ice.nFor a cocktail version, add a shot of lemon vodka to each glass., ingredients: [34 cup superfine sugar, 14 cup packed fresh mint leaves, 1 cup fresh lemon juice 6 to 8 lemons, 2 teaspoons orange flower water, 12 orange, thinly sliced, Lemon vodka, for serving, optional], title: Middle Eastern Lemonade, picturelink: HZ17EMT8JlGlsbn.L.i.q3NyV57.hCG}, 40519: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet and saute the onion over medium heat until softened. Stir in the ginger, mango or papaya, brown sugar, red pepper flakes, salt and water. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for 35 to 40 minutes or until the fruit is very soft. Stir in the scallions and cook for another 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool. Keep refrigerated until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup chopped onion, 3 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 2 cups chopped fresh mango or papaya 12inch cubes, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup water, 14 cup finely chopped scallions], title: Mango or Papaya Chutney, picturelink: null}, 40520: {instructions: Place the bulgur in a large bowl, pour in the boiling water, and add the lemon juice, olive oil, and 1 12 teaspoons salt. Stir, then allow to stand at room temperature for about an hour.nAdd the scallions, mint, parsley, cucumber, tomatoes, 2 teaspoons salt, and the pepper mix well. Season to taste and serve, or cover and refrigerate. The flavor will improve if the tabbouleh sits for a few hours.nStuff the tabbouleh and feta into the pita breads., ingredients: [1 cup bulgur wheat, 1 12 cups boiling water, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, 14 cup good olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 cup minced scallions, white and green parts 1 bunch, 1 cup chopped fresh mint leaves 1 bunch, 1 cup chopped flatleaf parsley 1 bunch, 1 hothouse cucumber, unpeeled, seeded, and mediumdiced, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound feta cheese, 4 pita breads, cut in half], title: Pita Stuffed with Tabbouleh and Shards of Feta, picturelink: rfHT.VGQNeF9arT6Mz4oLJimirCd4Y2}, 40521: {instructions: Combine gin, port, thyme and juniper berries in a medium shallow baking dish. Add the venison and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in refrigerator for 30 minutes.nHeat oil in a large saute pan over high heat until almost smoking. Remove the venison from the marinade and shake off excess. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook on 1 side until golden brown. Turn over, reduce heat to medium and continue cooking until mediumrare, 3 to 4 minutes. Serve with the sauce and Sweet Potato and Plaintain puree.nHeat butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, celery, garlic, and carrots and cook until soft. Raise the heat to high and add the port, cook until dry. Add the port, cranberry juice, stock, cinnamon, allspice, and cranberries and cook until a sauce consistency is formed. Finish with the cold butter and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace potatoes and plantains on a large baking sheet and roast until the potatoes are soft, about 50 to 60 minutes and the plantains are completely black.nSlice each potato in half lengthwise, scoop out the flesh and place it in the bowl of a large food processor. Peel the plantains and add the flesh to the sweet potatoes. Add the butter, salt, cinnamon and 14 cup maple syrup and process until smooth. Add the cream and pulse until combined.nPlace the puree into a medium baking dish and place in the oven for 10 minutes to heat through. Remove and drizzle the top with the remaining 2 tablespoons of maple syrup and serve., ingredients: [12 cup gin, 2 cups port wine, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 6 juniper berries, 4 venison steaks, 6 ounces each, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Cranberry Sauce, recipe follows, Sweet Potato and Plaintain puree, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, peeled and finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 12 cup port wine, 12 cup cranberry juice, 4 cups chicken stock, 14 teaspoon Mexican ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon allspice, 14 cup fresh cranberries, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 large sweet potatoes, scrubbed, 2 very ripe plantains, 1 stick unsalted butter, quartered, Pinch salt, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 34 to 1 cup heavy cream], title: Pan Roasted Venison with Spicy Cranberry Mexican Cinnamon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40522: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSoak the bread cubes in the chicken stock, egg, and milk until all the liquid is absorbed.nSaute the onions in the butter until translucent. Add the apples and continue cooking until the apples have just begun to soften about 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool before combining the onion and apple mixture with the bread cubes.nLightly stir in the herbs, dried cranberries and seasoning, and pour the mixture into a 2quart ovenproof dish. Bake for 35 minutes. Serve hot in the baking dish., ingredients: [3 cups cubed French bread, fresh or dayold, 12 cup chicken stock, 3 eggs, beaten, 14 cup whole milk, 2 onions, peeled and diced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tart apples such as Granny Smith, peeled, cored, and cut into medium dice, 12 cup dried cranberries, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, or 1 12 tablespoons dried, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: AppleCranberry Sage Dressing, picturelink: null}, 40523: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly grease 24 3inch muffinpan cups.nBeat the eggs, picante sauce, flour and chili powder in a medium bowl with a fork or whisk. Stir in the cheese and onion.nSpoon about 1 tablespoon cheese mixture into each muffinpan cup. Bake for 10 minutes or until the bites are golden brown. Serve warm or at room temperature with additional picante sauce., ingredients: [4 eggs, 12 cup Paceu00ae Picante Sauce, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 6 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese about 1 12 cups, 1 green onion, chopped about 2 tablespoons], title: Chili Con Queso Bites, picturelink: EIR3lPaSwXQAZSMjM47.deLFoaptBoS}, 40524: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut sausage in 14 slices set aside.n2. Place potatoes in medium saucepan cover with water. Bring to a boil reduce heat. Simmern10 minutes or until crisptender. Drain potatoes.n3. Combine sausage, potatoes, bell peppers, onion, garlic, chicken broth, olive oil and seasonings in a 12x8inch baking dish mix lightly.n4. Bake for 30 minutes or until potatoes are lightly browned and vegetables are tender.nCooks Tip: For crispier potatoes, bake 1015 minutes longer., ingredients: [1 pkg. Hillshire Farmu00ae Chicken or Turkey Smoked Sausage, 6 cups red new potatoes, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 green bell pepper, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1 inchchunks, 1 large onion, sliced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup reduced sodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary leaves, crushed, 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crushed, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Hillshire Farm Sausage and Potato Bake, picturelink: H.v3Fxy0oCF1sFCQ82fVfg5OQYJp6W}, 40525: {instructions: In a blender or food processor fitted with the metal blade, combine the orange juice, vinegar, chipotle chilies, salt, and sugar and blend until chilies are finely chopped. With the motor running, add the oil in a steady stream and blend until incorporated. Adjust seasonings, add the mint and set aside. The vinaigrette can be refrigerated overnight without the mint, which should be added just before serving.nHeat a grill. Brush fillets with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. To serve, transfer snapper fillets to a serving platter or individual plates and drizzle with the orange chipotle vinaigrette., ingredients: [12 cup fresh orange juice, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 tablespoon chipotle chilies in adobo sauce, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 12 cup olive oil, 12 bunch mint, leaves only, chopped, 4 to 6 6ounce snapper fillets, skinned, Olive oil for brushing fish, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Snapper with Orange Chipotle Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 40526: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the risotto: Puree the corn and Parmesan in a food processor until pastelike and almost completely smooth. Set aside.nHeat a 3 12quart Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and butter, and heat until the butter is melted. Add the shallots and garlic cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until soft and fragrant, 2 minutes. Add the salt and stir in the rice cook for one minute. Deglaze with the wine and reduce the heat to medium simmer, stirring, until the wine is almost fully absorbed. Stir in the chicken broth and rosemary cook, stirring often, until the rice is tender but not mushy, 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in the corn puree.nSpread the risotto out on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Let cool to room temperature, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold.nFor the arancini: Set up a breading station with three shallow bowls. Combine the flour and salt in the first bowl whisk the eggs in the second bowl mix the panko and cornmeal in the third. Using a 1tablespoon ice cream scoop, scoop a ball of risotto into the palm of your hand. Press a piece of chicken sausage into the center of the ball, then shape the ball to make sure it is completely covered. Roll the ball in the flour, then in the egg, and, finally, in the breadcrumbs, making sure the ball is completely coated. Place the arancini on a rimmed baking sheet and continue with the remaining risotto.nFill a medium saucepan with 2 inches of oil. Heat over mediumhigh heat until the oil reaches 350 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Fry the arancini in batches of 5 or 6, using a spider or slotted spoon to carefully lower the rice balls into the oil. Fry until deep golden brown and heated through, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on a papertowellined tray.nServe warm with marinara for dipping, if desired., ingredients: [1 12 cups frozen corn, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup Arborio rice, 1 cup white wine, 2 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 34 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 12 cup flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, room temperature, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup cornmeal, 1 link chickenapple sausage, cooked and diced into 28 pieces, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 jar marinara sauce, warmed, for serving, optional], title: Stuffed Arancini, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 40527: {instructions: Juice the sweet potatoes, then the pear, following your juicers specific settings for each. Stir in the cinnamon. Stir in the chia seeds if using and let soak for 5 minutes. Serve the juice immediately over ice, if desired., ingredients: [2 medium sweet potatoes, peeled, 1 pear, peeled and cored, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon chia seeds, optional], title: Sweet PotatoPearCinnamon Juice, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 40528: {instructions: Clean mussels. In large pot heat wine. Add garlic, onion, and parsley. Bring to a boil and add mussels. Cover and steam until mussels open. Serve with Italian bread., ingredients: [2 dozen mussels, 12 cup white wine, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, Parsley], title: Steamed Mussels with White Wine and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 40529: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk the vinegar, shallots, and 1 12 tablespoons canola oil together into a vinaigrette.nIn a medium bowl, toss to combine the endive and 2 tablespoons vinaigrette.nHeat remaining 1 tablespoon of canola oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Dip scallops in seasoned instant flour. Add to skillet and cook 3 minutes turn over and cook until almost opaque in center, about 2 minutes or longer.nPlace 3 scallops around border of each plate. Using half of haricots verts for each plate, place 3 small bundles of haricots verts between scallops. Mound half of endive mixture in center of each plate. Drizzle remaining vinaigrette over haricots verts and scallops. Drizzle 2 teaspoons truffle oil on each salad. Sprinkle salads with chives., ingredients: [3 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons minced shallot, 2 12 tablespoons canola oil, 2 small heads Belgian endive, thinly sliced on diagonal, 6 dry scallops about 10 ounces, 2 tablespoons instant flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, 6 ounces haricots verts or other slender green beans, trimmed, cut into 2inch lengths, blanched, 4 teaspoons white truffle oil, 14 cup chopped fresh chives], title: Scallop Salad with Haricots Verts and Truffle Oil, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 40530: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, pour the water over the cracked wheat and cover, let stand about 20 minutes until wheat is tender and water is absorbed. Add the chopped herbs and vegetables and toss with the mix. Combine the oil, lemon juice, and salt in a separate bowl. Add to wheat mixture and mix well. Chill. Serve and enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 cup fine cracked wheat, 1 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup minced fresh mint leaves, 12 cup finely chopped yellow onion, 3 tomatoes, diced, 2 cucumbers, seeded and diced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, or to taste, 1 teaspoons sea salt], title: Tabouli, picturelink: kX5gQDdEgDtxC1lqMnzy8k251sJs0da}, 40531: {instructions: For the Mexican chocolate ganache: Put the chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Bring the cream just to a boil in a small pan. Pour immediately over the chocolate and let sit for a minute or 2. Whisk until the chocolate is melted and the ganache is completely smooth. Set aside to cool.nFor the ice cream sandwiches: Break the graham crackers in half. Put the candied walnuts on a small plate. Turn the pint of ice cream on its side and use a serrated knife to slice through the carton, creating 6 ice cream discs. Spread some of the Mexican chocolate ganache on each graham cracker half. Add an ice cream disc remove the carton to 6 of the graham cracker halves and top with the remaining graham crackers. Roll the edges in the candied walnuts. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 ounces Mexican chocolate, chopped, 34 cup 6 ounces heavy cream, 6 whole graham crackers, 1 cup candied walnuts, roughly chopped, 1 pint dulce de leche ice cream], title: Graham Cracker and Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream Sandwich, picturelink: iADJqvyaTpgd.uExJf4hNq0MgZbZYm}, 40532: {instructions: In a large heavy saucepan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and bell pepper and cook for 3 minutes. Add the shrimp and cook for 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato puree, oregano, bay leaf, and smoked paprika. Cook for another 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside. Remove the bay leaf and discard.nHeat a large heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Lay 2 tortillas, flat on the bottom of the pan, side by side. Put a small mound of cheese on 1 side of each tortilla. Wait until the cheese melts slightly, about 1 minute, and then add about 2 tablespoons of the shrimp mixture to each tortilla. Fold the tortillas over into halfmoon shapes and cook to melt the cheese completely, another 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a platter and keep warm.nRepeat with the remaining tortillas, cheese, and shrimp mixture. Arrange the tacos on a serving platter and serve with lime wedges and hot sauce on the side.nCooks Note: Use only the outer part of the tomatoes without seeds., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small white onion, minced, 2 tomatoes, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and diced, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, chopped, 1 cup canned tomato puree, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 corn tortillas, 12 cup shredded Oaxaca or mozzarella cheese, Lime wedges, for serving, Hot sauce, for serving recommended: Tapatio], title: Classic Shrimp Gobernador Tacos, picturelink: null}, 40533: {instructions: You will need a charcoal or gas grill, 12 to 15 small bamboo or metal skewers, and a spice grinder or mortar and pestle.nPreheat grill. If using bamboo skewers, soak in water for 30 minutes. Remove excess fat from the meat. Cut lamb into small chunks, 12inch across or less. Thread them onto skewers, without packing them too tightly together.nGrind or pound together the cumin, cayenne, and black pepper to a blended powder. Using your hands, rub spice mixture onto the skewered meat. Grill lamb for 5 to 8 minutes over hot coals. Halfway through the cooking, sprinkle the kebabs with a little salt., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless lamb leg, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon salt, or more to taste], title: Spicy Cumin Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 40534: {instructions: Keeping them separate, wash and pick over all the beans. Place each kind in a separate pot, cover generously with water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook, covered, until the beans are done in the center but not too soft, 1 to 1 12 hours. Drain and rinse in a colander. For added flavor, you can smoke the beans on a grill. Start a small fire off to one side and throw soaked wood chips on the coals when the fire is moderately hot. Lay out the beans on a baking pan, pour in water to a depth of 18 inch and cover with a wet towel. Place on the grate, cover and smoke 2 hours, adding more wood chips every 20 minutes or so. Set aside to cool and then drain.nTransfer the beans to a large mixing bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and mix well. Bean salsa can be refrigerated up to 2 days. Bring back to room temperature before serving.nTo serve, line a platter or serving plates with salsa and top with grilled, broiled or Sauteed fish fillets., ingredients: [12 cup dried black beans, 12 cup dried red kidney or pinto beans, 12 cup dried white beans Great Northern or cannellini, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, roughly chopped, 12 cup olive oil, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grounded black pepper, 3 tablespoons juice from Pickled Chiplotes, or red wine vinegar, 1 Pickled Chiplote Chile, seeded if desired and minced], title: Red, White and Black Bean Salsa for Fish, picturelink: null}, 40535: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray and keep nearby.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, onion, and salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, over medium heat, until the mushroom mixture is very tender, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir in the turkey, cream cheese, and Cheddar until well blended.nPlace 1 sheet of phyllo with the short side facing you on a work surface. Cover remaining phyllo with plastic wrap to keep from drying out. Spray the phyllo sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Then fold it in half lengthwise and spray again. Place 1 heaping tablespoon filling in the center of the bottom end of the phyllo. Fold in the sides, then roll up from the bottom to completely enclose the filling it should look like an egg roll. Place the roll, seamside down, on the baking sheet. Repeat with remaining phyllo sheets, nonstick cooking spray, and filling to make a total of 16 rolls.nSpray the rolls generously with nonstick cooking spray and bake until the rolls until lightly golden, about 20 minutes.nFood Network Kitchens created this lightenedup recipe from a user submission. Click here to see the original recipe., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 6ounce package cremini mushrooms, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 pound hot Italian turkey sausage, casings removed and crumbled, 2 ounces reducedfat cream cheese Neufchatel, at room temperature, 12 cup reducedfat shredded Cheddar, 16 9 by 14inch sheets phyllo dough], title: Sausage Phyllo Rolls, picturelink: CyWB8SbhHQNCs6PESrznTk00xkDipS}, 40536: {instructions: Combine the cream cheese, sweetened condensed milk, lime zest and juice and salt in a large bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth. Add the heavy cream and whip until thick and fluffy. Transfer to a dip bowl and garnish with crushed graham crackers and lime slices. Serve with dippers., ingredients: [4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 23 cup sweetened condensed milk, Zest from 2 limes and juice from 3 about 14 cup, plus slices for garnish, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup cold heavy cream, Crushed graham crackers, for garnish, Suggested dippers: graham crackers, pretzels, coconut cookies, mango spears], title: Key Lime Pie Dip, picturelink: 2MoaJW1BRrm7vllOB6g.LtYrCxGk0q}, 40537: {instructions: In medium skillet over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons oil and sweat onion and peppers 2 to 3 minutes then garlic and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes.nIn a food processor, pulse together chick peas, red chili flakes, ground cumin, the egg, salt and black pepper to form a coarse consistency. Then add flour, parsley, and cilantro. Pulse until mixture starts pulling from the sides of the food processor.nRemove mixture to a large bowl and mix in the onion mixture. Chill falafel until ready to cook.nRoll falafel dough into 1inch rounds. Then form rounds into an oblong quenelle shape, like a football.nIn a thickbottomed skillet heat 12 inch of canola oil over medium heat to 350 degrees F. Cook falafel balls a few at a time, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Be sure to turn them so they do not burn or stick to the bottom of the pan. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt while still hot.nOpen the pita bread to make pockets. Place 3 to 4 falafels inside. Stuff with lettuce tomato and cucumbers and drizzle sauce generously on the inside. Serve immediately.nMix the yogurt, lemon zest, lemon juice, cilantro, parsley and cumin together in a small bowl. Add salt to taste. Chill until ready to use., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, plus extra for frying, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 1 large red bell pepper, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, Two 14ounce cans chick peas, drained, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons flour, 2 cups freshly chopped parsley leaves, 34 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, Pitas, for sandwich, Toppings: shredded lettuce, chopped tomato, and sliced cucumbers, Yogurt Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup plain yogurt, 12 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt, as needed], title: Falafel in Pita with Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: Q.f4fQTHBOZrOaFmsTUzZ9ftWk4V3HC}, 40538: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Make pastry and chill 30 minutes.nIn large heavy saucepan combine molasses, sugar, flour, apples, cranberries, spices, lemon peel and 3 tablespoons of butter. Bring to boil and simmer 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, or until apples are softened. Transfer to a 2quart baking dish and dot with butter.nOn a lightly floured surface roll out pastry into a round about 18inch thick and trim it so that it will just fit inside the baking dish. Cover fruit with pastry, brush with cream and sprinkle with sugar. With the point of a small sharp knife cut three steam vents in the center of the crust. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until golden brown.nRemove baking dish from oven and with a sharp knife cut the crust and fruit into 2inch pieces, pushing crust into fruit with back of a spatula so that juices bubble up over top of crust. Bake 15 minutes more. Serve warm with cream., ingredients: [12 recipe flaky pie dough, 3 tablespoons light molasses, 13 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 8 Golden delicious apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 12 cup dried cranberries, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons grated gingerroot, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground clove, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons cinnamon sugar, Heavy cream as an accompaniment], title: Apple and Dried Cranberry Pandowdy, picturelink: null}, 40539: {instructions: In a 6quart pressure cooker over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, onions, garlic, jalapeno and salt. Saute until the onions are translucent, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the beans, epazote and 6 cups water stir well, and then lock the lid following the manufacturers instructions. Once the beans come up to pressure, turn the heat down to medium to maintain pressure cook for 25 minutes. Remove from the heat and let rest for 5 minutes, then release the pressure. Remove the epazote, and taste and adjust the seasoning as needed.nJust before serving, fold the cilantro and lime juice into the cooked rice.nGarnish beans with the Cotija and serve alongside the rice.nn, ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 medium onion, minced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 pound dry black beans, sorted for pebbles and rinsed, 2 sprigs epazote or Mexican oregano, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Juice of 1 or 2 limes, 4 cups cooked white rice, 12 cup crumbled Cotija cheese], title: Quick Black Beans with Rice, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 40540: {instructions: In a small saucepan, heat the milk and 1 bay leaf to a gentle simmer, stirring so it doesnt scorch the bottom of the pan. Keep the milk on low heat.nMake a white roux by melting butter over lowmedium heat in a thickbottomed saucepan. Just as the foam subsides, add the flour, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or whisk to prevent lumps. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes to coat the flour and remove the starchy taste. Do not allow to brown. Remove from heat, then gradually add a bit of the warm milk to the roux and whisk vigorously. Return the saucepan to the heat and bring up to a low simmer, continuing to add more milk and whisk. Cook for 5 minutes until sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Check seasoning add salt, white pepper, garlic and the remaining bay leaf.nTo prevent a skin from forming as the sauce cools, lay a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface.nServe with fish, shellfish, vegetables or egg dishes., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons flour, Pinch salt and white pepper, 2 garlic cloves, crushed], title: Classic Bechamel: White Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40541: {instructions: Wrap the block of tofu in 2 layers of paper towels and lay on a plate. Invert a second plate on top of the tofu and weigh down with a 28ounce can. Leave for 20 minutes then cut the tofu into 14 to 12inch cubes.nHeat the dashi in a 4quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When the dashi reaches 100 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, ladle 1 cup into a small bowl. Add the miso, and whisk until smooth.nBring the remaining dashi to a bare simmer, approximately 10 minutes. Add the miso mixture and whisk to combine. Return to a slight simmer, being careful not to boil the mixture. Add the tofu and scallions and cook for another minute or until heated through. Remove from the heat, ladle into soup bowls and serve immediately., ingredients: [12ounce block firm silken tofu, 2 quarts dashi, 6 tablespoons dark or red miso, 2 tablespoons light or white miso, 4 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Miso Soup, picturelink: null}, 40542: {instructions: Special equipment: ovenproof skilletnPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBring the lamb racks to room temperature. Season with salt and pepper.nIn an ovenproof skillet sear the lamb over high heat until golden, about 5 minutes. Place the skillet directly in the oven on the middle rack and roast for 10 minutes.nLower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. and continue roasting for another 15 minutes. Allow the lamb to rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSoak salsify in cold water until all ingredients are assembled.nDivide olive oil between 2 bowls. Add Jerusalem artichokes and drained salsify to separate bowls and lightly coat with olive oil. Spread and separate on a large baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper. Roast in the oven for about 25 minutes or until tender.nToss together in a bowl with the fresh thyme.nWarm the white wine over low heat in a small stainless steel pan. Add the dried mushrooms and rehydrate.nIn a large skillet melt the butter over medium high heat and saute the shiitake mushrooms, garlic, shallots and thyme. Continue cooking until the mushrooms are a golden color. Increase the heat to high and add the wine, rehydrated mushrooms and heavy cream. Bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and let sauce infuse for at least 1 hour. Strain through a fine sieve and warm when ready to serve. Add the truffle oil and kosher salt to finish. Cooks Note: Dried Mushrooms may be purchased in specialty food shops., ingredients: [2 lamb racks, cleaned and frenched, see Cooks Note, Salt and pepper, Roasted Jerusalem Artichoke and Salsify Ragou00fbt, recipe follows, Mushroom Cream Sauce, recipes follow, 1 pound salsify, peeled and cut into 1 inch pieces, see Cooks Note, 14 cup olive oil, 1 pound Jerusalem artichokes, peeled and roughly chopped, see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh thyme, picked, 12 cup white wine, 14 cup dried mushrooms, see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup chopped shiitake mushrooms, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, picked, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon truffle oil, see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Roast Rack of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 40543: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPull the main shell off the crab and discard it. Remove the gray gills and the soft insides. Cut the body in half and then cut between each leg. Crack the legs and claws with the back of the knife or a hammer and set aside.nIn a bowl mix the ketchup, chili paste, oyster sauce, soy sauce, and tamarind paste thin it with 14 cup water and set aside. Pour the oil into a wok or large skillet over high heat. Add the scallion, ginger, garlic, 12 the chile, and cilantro and cook for 1 minute. Add the crab and stirfry for another minute. Pour in the sauce and continue cooking, stirring often, until the crab has absorbed the sauce and the sauce has thickened, about 5 minutes.nPut onto a platter and garnish with the rest of the chile and cilantro. Serve with plenty of napkins, ingredients: [2 whole cooked Dungeness crabs, 14 cup tomato ketchup, 2 tablespoons hot chili paste, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce or Indonesian soy sauce, 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce or regular soy sauce, 1 tablespoon tamarind paste, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 4 scallions, sliced thin, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 serrano chile, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish], title: SingaporeStyle Chili Crabs, picturelink: Bo1Hkyw6kpBGaZjyj4UTfYigfW9M9Oa}, 40544: {instructions: 1. Arrange one oven rack in the top third of the oven and the other in the bottom third. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper.n2. In a large saucepan, heat the milk, water, butter, salt, and cayenne over medium heat to a simmer, stirring to melt the butter. Turn off the heat and add the flour all at once. Stir vigorously until smooth and a thin film of dough sticks to the bottom of the pan. Transfer the dough to a mixing bowl.n3. Using an electric mixer, beat the dough on low speed for 1 minute to cool it down. Raise the speed to medium and add the eggs, one at a time, beating very well after each addition. Continue beating, scraping down the bowl occasionally, until the batter is shiny, smooth, and elastic. Reduce the speed to low and beat in the cheese and chives.n4. Drop the batter by teaspoons onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing the mounds 1 inch apart. Bake for 15 minutes, switch the positions of the baking sheets, and bake for 12 to 15 minutes longer or until golden brown, domed, and firm to the touch. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup whole milk, 12 cup water, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 5 large eggs, 4 ounces extrasharp aged cheddar cheese, shredded 1 cup, 13 cup minced fresh chives], title: Chive and Cheddar Cheese Puffs, picturelink: ZiMByEcMV.CrBQJlPL4prdfiw6IFUs2}, 40545: {instructions: Bring the stock to a boil over mediumhigh heat with the turkey wing, and cook for 1 hour.nAdd the collard greens, kale, seasoned salt, onion powder and nutmeg, and then bring back to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 1 hour.nRemove the turkey wing, then serve the greens and enjoy., ingredients: [2 gallons homemade or storebought chicken stock, 1 smoked turkey wing, 4 pounds collard greens, roughly chopped into 1inch pieces, 2 pounds kale, roughly chopped into 1inch pieces, 8 ounces seasoned salt, 4 ounces onion powder, Pinch nutmeg], title: Collard Greens, picturelink: null}, 40546: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. After scoring pork on all sides with quarterinch deep slits about an inch apart, rub with salt, then liquid smoke. Wrap the pork completely in ti leaves, tie with string and wrap in foil.nPlace meat in a shallow roasting pan with 2 cups water and roast for 4 hours. Dissolve 1 tablespoon Hawaiian salt in 2 cups boiling water and add a few drops of liquid smoke. Shred the cooked pork and let stand in this solution for a few minutes before serving., ingredients: [8 pounds pork butt, 4 tablespoons Hawaiian salt, 4 tablespoons liquid smoke, 8 to 12 large ti leaves, ribs removed], title: NoImu Kalua Pig, picturelink: null}, 40547: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: In the bowl of a small food processor add the olive oil, tomatovegetable juice, fennel seeds, oregano, salt, onion powder, paprika and garlic. Puree until it forms a rough paste. Place the chicken pieces in a plastic resealable bag. Add the paste to the bag and rub the marinade all over the chicken pieces. Seal the bag and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or up to 8 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place one rack in the middle of the oven and another in the top third of the oven.nRemove the chicken from the bag and place on a rimmed baking sheet. Place in the oven on the middle rack and bake for 30 minutes.nFor the salad: In a large bowl, toss the bread with the olive oil and 12 cup of the cheese. Scatter the bread cubes around the chicken pieces. Place the tray back in the oven, this time on the top third, until the bread is toasted and the chicken is golden brown and an internal thermometer placed in the meat reads 160 degrees F, 15 to 20 minutes.nRest the chicken for 10 minutes and reserve all of the juices in the tray.nIn the same large bowl add the tomatoes, basil, lemon juice, fennel, the toasted bread cubes, the remaining 1 cup cheese and all of the juices from the chicken tray. Add a bit of olive oil if needed, depending on the amount of juice from the chicken. Toss well with a large spoon. Serve the bread salad with the roasted chicken., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons tomatovegetable juice, such as V8, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, toasted, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed, One 3pound chicken, cut into 6 pieces, 3 cups diced bread, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more to finish, 1 12 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, torn, 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 lemon, 1 small bulb fennel, thinly sliced], title: Roasted Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: bYUb4skBOmACcjrgyCbF6j1cj8ckPra}, 40548: {instructions: In a large pan, melt the butter. Add the vegetables, and season them well with salt and pepper. Place a round of buttered parchment over the vegetables, cover pan and cook on low heat, stirring 3 or 4 times, for 20 minutes. Add water, bring to a boil and simmer for about 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a food processor, blend the garlic, basil and cheese. Drizzle in the olive oil while machine is still running. Serve the soup with a dollop of pistou., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup zucchini, julienned, 2 carrots, julienned, 2 onions, very thinly sliced, 3 stalks celery, julienned, 1 tomato, peeled, seeded and finely chopped, 1 quart water, Salt and pepper, 3 garlic cloves, 1 cup basil leaves, packed, 14 cup Parmesan cheese, grated, 5 tablespoons olive oil], title: Soupe au Pistou, picturelink: null}, 40549: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat 2 large saute pans over high heat. Working in batches divide the olive oil between the 2 pans. When the oil is hot but not quite smoking, add the mushrooms, season with gray salt and pepper, add the butter to each pan and allow to caramelize. Once mushrooms have cooked down to half their volume, transfer all mushrooms to 1 pan. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until the light brown and fragrant. Add the thyme until it crackles. Add the cream and bring up to a simmer. Reduce the cream by about half and stir in the grated parmesan, and the lemon juice. Shut off the flame and quickly stir in the beaten egg. Remove from the stove and let cool to room temperature. Add parsley and stir.nWhile mushroom mixture is cooling, roll out the pastry dough on a floured surface. Roll the dough out so that it will line a 10inch removable bottom tart pan. Line the dough with parchment paper and fill with the dry beans. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, remove from the oven and let cool to room temperature. Remove beans and paper.nLower oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nWhen both the filling and shell have cooled to room temperature fill the shell with the mushroom mixture and top with the crumbled blue cheese. Arrange the tart mold on a cookie sheet and bake for 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool to room temperature before serving. Slice in wedges and serve., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 2 pounds cleaned, mixed mushrooms, sliced or quartered depending on variety, Gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 to 3 shallots, minced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 egg, well beaten, 2 tablespoons freshly minced parsley leaves, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, Flour, for dusting work surface, 1 pound dry beans, for baking crostata shell, 8 ounces crumbled blue cheese], title: Mushroom Tart, picturelink: jJxov2YNSfcknOV8FEG.0O80oAQFCXu}, 40550: {instructions: Cooks Note: Dulce de leche is sold in the Hispanic aisle of supermarkets, or in Hispanic specialty markets. It is sold in solid 15ounce blocks, or in cans or bottles in more of a liquid form. You can also find recipes for making your own dulce de leche using sweetened condensed milk.nAdd the dulce de leche to the very hot coffee stir until dissolved and combined. Keep hot.nCombine the cream with the sugar and whip until stiff. Divide the coffeedulche de leche mixture among six glasses. Top with a heaping tablespoon of whipped cream and grated chocolate., ingredients: [6 ounces fluid dulce de leche See Cooks Note, 4 cups strongly brewed good coffee, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 6 tablespoons grated chocolate], title: Dulce De Leche Coffee, picturelink: civhIWWW6wpnpUJfBNI4s9r9k1uH3fu}, 40551: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSift together the flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda. Cut in the shortening using a pastry blender or your hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the center and add 1 cup buttermilk. Using your hands, quickly fold the dry ingredients into the buttermilk until a sticky dough forms. You may need to add more buttermilk.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface. Gently fold the dough over itself 3 or 4 times to create layers. Press the dough out to 1 12inches thick and cut with a floured 3inch biscuit cutter. Lay the biscuits on an ungreased cookie sheet and brush the tops with buttermilk. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until risen and golden brown., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 cup vegetable shortening, cold, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 12 to 2 cups buttermilk, plus additional for brushing], title: Buttermilk Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 40552: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until it is al dente, about 6 minutes. Strain, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water. Set aside.nHeat the halfandhalf and cayenne in a large saucepan over medium heat until it just comes to a simmer. Continue simmering until the halfandhalf is reduced to 1 12 cups, about 15 minutes. Add the cream cheese and stir until melted. Whisk in the Cheddar and Gruyere until all the cheese is melted and the sauce is smooth.nAdd the macaroni to the saucepan and stir to combine. Stir in some of the reserved pasta water to thin the sauce if needed. Season to taste with salt if needed. Serve hot., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 2 12 cups halfandhalf, 18 to 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 pound cream cheese, room temperature, 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded about 3 cups, 3 ounces Gruyere, shredded about 1 cup], title: Creamy Stovetop Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 40553: {instructions: Cut pork into bitesize pieces and marinate for 30 minutes in mixture of soy, vermouth, garlic, ginger, and 2 tablespoons oil. Set aside.nMeanwhile, make the sweet and sour sauce:nIn a medium saucepan, combine all ingredients except the cornstarch mixture, blend well and bring to a boil. Add cornstarch mixture. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring frequently until thickened. Be sure and bring your sauce to a boil before adding the cornstarch, otherwise the sauce may retain an unpleasant starchy taste.nHeat oil in a Dutch oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove pork pieces from marinade and roll in cornstarch to coat well. Deep fry in hot oil until golden brown and crispy.nIn a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons oil on mediumhigh heat. Stirfry red and yellow pepper and diced onion for 2 minutes, then add sweet and sour sauce and fold in fried pork. Let simmer for 2 minutes, arrange on serving platter and garnish with long strips of green onion and toasted sesame seeds., ingredients: [1 pound lean pork, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sweet vermouth, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 4 tablespoons oil, divided, plus 4 cups oil, for deep frying, 12 cup cornstarch, 12 cup diced red and yellow bell peppers, 2 tablespoons diced onion, Strips of green onion, for garnish, Toasted sesame seeds, for garnish, 12 cup ketchup, 12 cup vinegar, 12 cup water, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup orange marmalade, 1 12 teaspoons minced ginger, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 2 tablespoons pineapple juice, 12 cup chopped canned pineapple, 4 tablespoons cornstarch mixed with 3 tablespoons water, for thickening], title: Sweet and Sour Pineapple Pork, picturelink: UxB6CvyvzAee1bMY04H5rzKkGVt9ria}, 40554: {instructions: In a food processor or blender, puree together the mayonnaise, vinegar, garlic, and basil leaves until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground pepper.nPlace a tortilla on a flat surface and spread with basil mayonnaise. Arrange 1 or 2 layers of the grilled vegetables over the tortilla. Sprinkle with a 14 cup of the cheese. Tightly roll up the tortilla and secure with a toothpick. Cut into 4 pieces. Repeat process for remaining tortilla and vegetables., ingredients: [12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 1 garlic clove, 14 cup packed basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large flour tortillas, Assortment of grilled thinly sliced vegetables, i.e. red bell peppers, zucchini, eggplant, 4 to 6 thin slices Italian fontina], title: SpiralWrapped Grilled Vegetable Tortilla Sandwiches with Basil Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 40555: {instructions: Combine ingredients in thermos and shake., ingredients: [1 cup boiling water, 2 count pour of rum, or to taste, 2 teaspoons honey, 3 thin lemon slices], title: Thermos of GrokHot Toddy, picturelink: null}, 40556: {instructions: A day before you plan to serve the dessert, heat the oven to 300 degrees for at least 15 minutes, then turn it off and leave the door closed. Whip the egg whites until foamy in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Add the granulated sugar and whip until stiff and glossy, about 3 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar and whip very briefly I count to 10, just to incorporate.nSpoon the mixture into a pastry bag with a medium plain tip and pipe small hearts with 2 teardrop shaped strokes onto a parchment lined cookie sheet. Place the pan in the turnedoff oven, close the door, and leave overnight to dry until crisp. The recipe can be made up to this point and stored at room temperature in an airtight container up to 5 days in advance.nWhen ready to serve, whip the cream and place in a pastry bag with a star tip. Place 1 meringue heart on a plate then pipe on cream. Top with raspberries and a final meringue. Tuck a mint leaf into each, sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [12 cup egg whites from about 4 eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 cup chilled heavy cream, 1 half pint raspberries, Tiny mint sprigs or leaves, for garnish optional, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Crisp Meringue Heart Napoleons, picturelink: null}, 40557: {instructions: Put the flour into a bowl and make a well in the center. Pour 1 cup of the beer into the well and whisk until the mixture is just combined. Strain the batter through a sieve into a clean bowl and let it rest, covered, for 1 hour. Before using batter, whisk in additional beer, if necessary, to achieve desired consistency.nIn a small bowl whisk together the lime juice, fish sauce and honey until dissolved. Add the water, garlic, scallion and chili slices. Set aside.nPlace cleaned crabs in a shallow dish and add enough milk to cover. Soak crabs for 10 to 15 minutes.nIn a heavy deep pan heat 2inches of peanut oil to 350 degrees F. Season the crabs with salt and pepper. Dust the crabs with flour, shaking off any excess. Coat and fry crabs two at a time. Dip each crab into the beer batter and allow extra batter to drip back into bowl. Carefully lower the crabs into the heated oil and fry until golden brown, turning once, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer fried crabs to paper towels to drain. Repeat process with remaining two crabs. Arrange crabs on individual serving plates. Garnish with scallion brushes, cilantro sprigs and lime wedges. Serve immediately with dipping sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 scant cup all purpose flour plus extra for dusting, 12 ounces beer, reserving 4 ounces to thin batter if necessary, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons Thai fish sauce nam plo, available at speciality or Asian markets, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 tablespoons water, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, 2 very thin slices of a habenero, scotch bonnet, or jalapeno chili, depending on desired degree of heat, 4 small to medium soft shell crabs, cleaned and rinsed, Milk for soaking crabs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Peanut oil for frying, Scallion brushes, cilantro sprigs and lime wedges for garnish], title: Beer Battered Soft Shell Crabs with Asian Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40558: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large pot of boiling water, blanch green beans. Remove to an ice bath until cool, drain and let dry. Lightly butter a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish.nIn a large frying pan, over mediumhigh heat, saute bacon until lightly crispy, remove bacon to a paper towel lined plate to drain. In remaining bacon fat, add 1 tablespoon olive oil, heat over mediumhigh heat, add onions and saute until just starting to caramelize, add in red bell peppers, saute 2 minutes, add in mushrooms and minced shallot and saute for 2 more minutes. Season with the salt, pepper and cayenne. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt butter. When butter is melted, add in flour, all at once and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until well combined. Continue to stir for 1 minute more. Add in milk 12 cup at first, stirring well to combine, then add 1 cup more milk, stir to combine and bring to a simmer, then add final 12 cup of milk and stir and simmer until thickened.nAdd in seasonings, combine with green bean mixture and pour into prepared pan. Top with 1 12 cups panko crumbs, then reserved bacon, then remainder of panko lightly sprinkled on top.nPlace in oven, set timer for 35 minutes.nIn a medium bowl place buttermilk, onion, and shallots. Let sit 10 minutes, drain well.nIn a medium bowl, combine flour and seasonings. When green beans have been in the oven 25 minutes, in a large frying pan, heat canola oil to 350 degrees F. While oil is heating, dredge drained onion and shallots in flour mixture. Drop carefully into the hot oil, 13 at a time. They will cook rapidly, 1 minute or less. Turn over if necessary. Remove and drain on paper towels. Let oil heat between batches.nWhen timer goes off for green beans, take out of oven, top with onionshallot mixture, evenly coating the casserole, place back into oven and continue to cook for 5 more minutes. Remove and let set 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds green beans, ends trimmed, cut into 2inch pieces weighed prior to trimming, 4 strips bacon, cut into 12inch slices, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large Vidalia sweet onion, 12 cut into large dice, 12 reserved, 1 medium red bell pepper, cut into 2 by 12inch pieces, 4 shittake mushrooms, cut into 12inch strips, 4 oyster mushrooms, cut into 12inch strips, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, For the roux:, 12 cup buttermilk, Reserved 12 Vidalia onion, thinly sliced, with a mandoline, 3 medium shallots, thinly sliced with a mandoline, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon seasoned salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 4 cups canola oil], title: The Mean Green, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 40559: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the peanuts in the bottom of a 4quart slow cooker. Layer the chocolate over the peanuts, beginning with the sweet chocolate, followed by the chocolate chips and then the almond bark. Set the temperature on low and cook for 3 hours. Do not stir the mixture.nAfter 3 hours, stir the mixture with a wooden spoon until smooth. Drop the candy into cupcake pan liners using about 2 tablespoons per liner. Allow the candy to cool completely before removing the cupcake liners., ingredients: [2 pounds salted dryroasted peanuts, 4 ounces Germans sweet chocolate about 4 squares, One 12ounce package semisweet chocolate chips about 2 cups, 2 12 pounds white almond bark], title: Slow Cooker Chocolate Candy, picturelink: SpOqtvsVIOBwW39YDC9c2HQUO2AdFu}, 40560: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, bring 1 12 cups water and olive the oil to a boil. Sir in the couscous. Cover and remove from the heat. Let stand for 3 minutes. Uncover and fluff with a fork.nWhisk together the lemon juice, extravirgin olive oil and some salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the couscous and toss with the parsley, raisins, and pine nuts. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup uncooked couscous, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup golden raisins, 13 cup toasted pine nuts], title: Herbed Couscous with Golden Raisins and Pine Nuts, picturelink: OKTVwkwk6o4A10svkz4DfKEfytMsbRW}, 40561: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lay the bacon in a large skillet, then cook over medium heat until golden and crisp, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Drain the bacon on paper towels, let cool, then finely chop.nCombine the bacon, pecans, cranberries, apricots, rosemary, vinegar, pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl.nRemove the Brie from its packaging. Cut off the top rind of the round of Brie, leaving a 14inch border around the edges use a sharp knife and go in from above at a slight angle. Discard the rind you have removed. Put the Brie in a small baking dish. Top with some of the cranberrypecanbacon crumble, and scatter the rest around the Brie. Cover the dish with foil, and bake until the cheese is warm and gooey, 30 to 35 minutes.nServe with bread, crackers and apple andor pear slices for dipping., ingredients: [4 strips bacon, 2 tablespoons candied pecans or walnuts, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons dried cranberries, finely chopped, 6 dried apricots, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 7 to 8ounce round highquality Brie, preferably from France, Sliced baguette, crackers and apple andor pear slices, for serving], title: Baked Brie with CranberryPecanBacon Crumble, picturelink: r8gUDocrcEAOBtNykQFYoo6MfJHUbm}, 40562: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. If phyllo was frozen, make sure it is completely defrosted before handling it. Once removed from package, you will need to cover phyllo with waxed paper and a damp towel to prevent it from drying out. Lay out each dough sheet and brush on butter. Fold in half, brush again, fold in half, cut in half. Each dough sheet should yield 2 rectangles, roughly 4 by 4 inches, so you will have 16 squares. In mixing bowl, combine lobster, cheese, parsley and chives and season with salt and pepper. Place mixture on each square of dough. Bring up corners into smaller square packet and brush more butter on top. Bake in oven until golden brown., ingredients: [8 sheets phyllo dough based on 18 by 14inch sheets which are often sold in packs of 18 to 20, 12 cup melted butter, 2 lobster tails, poached and finely chopped, 1 small wheel about 8ounces brie cheese, cut into small pieces, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lobster Brie Phyllo Packets, picturelink: null}, 40563: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDefrost the corn by placing it in a colander and rinsing it under cold water. Drain well and set aside for about 10 minutes.nPlace the defrosted corn in a blender and puree with the milk, sugar, salt, and pepper, to taste. Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl and stir in the cornmeal to make a thick pancakelike batter.nMelt 1 tablespoon of butter in a nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat.nAdd 3 tablespoons of the arepa batter to skillet, using the bottom of a spoon to flatten. Spread the batter into a 3 to 4inch circle. Cook arepas for about 8 minutes or until the bottom is golden brown. Flip arepa and cook for an additional 4 to 5 minutes until crisp. Add more butter from the remaining 3 tablespoons to the skillet between batches when necessary.nWith a 3inch cookie cutter, cut out circles from the cooked arepas while still warm. Lay 1 slice mozzarella cheese over cut out arepa. Top with another cut out arepa to create a sandwich., ingredients: [1 16ounce bag frozen corn kernels, 1 cup milk, plus more if necessary, 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fine yellow cornmeal, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 slices mozzarella cheese], title: Arepas: Arepas de Choclo, picturelink: CxPZsqPlW1bKAqOlBdLMoufxf9v.fy}, 40564: {instructions: Cooks Note: Depending on your heat preference, you may remove the seeds from the jalapenos or leave them intact.nSet 1 of the oven racks on the lowest shelf and preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a baking pan with parchment paper. Make 8 2inch balls out of aluminum foil. Spray 3 wire cooling racks with nonstick cooking spray and place 1 of the aluminum balls in each of the corners of 2 of the racks.nLay 13 of the chips on one of the racks. Top each chip with a jalapeno slice and sprinkle the chips with 13 of the red onions, and 13 of both the Cheddar and Oaxaca cheeses. Repeat with the remaining chips and the other 2 racks. Stack the racks on top of one another and set into the parchment lined baking pan. Bake in the oven on the bottom rack for 7 minutes or until the cheese begins to bubble. Sprinkle with fresh oregano. Serve immediately with the salsa, sour cream, and guacamole., ingredients: [80 corn tortilla chips, approximately 8 ounces, 3 to 4 jalapenos, thinly sliced, 4 12 ounces diced red onion, approximately 1 cup, 6 ounces finely grated Cheddar, approximately 2 14 cups, 6 ounces finely grated Oaxaca cheese, approximately 2 14 cups, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 cups fresh salsa, 2 cups sour cream, 2 cups guacamole], title: Ultimate Nachos, picturelink: BtqjbAs4vVkrRd6XLGPwwXWV6PU6k2}, 40565: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with vegetable cooking spraynLay the prosciutto in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet and bake for 10 to 12 minutes until crispy. Set aside to cool for 10 minutes.nOn another baking sheet, arrange the bread slices in a single layer. Using a pastry brush, brush the bread with 14 cup of the oil. Bake until golden, about 12 to 15 minutes.nIn a food processor, combine the artichoke hearts, beans, cheese, basil, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Pulse until the mixture is chunky. With the machine running, slowly add the remaining 14 cup of olive oil. Spoon the artichoke mixture onto the crostini. Crumble the prosciutto and sprinkle on top. Drizzle with oil and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 4 very thin slices prosciutto, 12 14inch thick slices rustic country bread, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 1 12ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, 1 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Artichoke and Bean Crostini, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 40566: {instructions: 1. Divide the meat into 4 equal portions about 6 ounces each. Form each portion loosely into a 34inchthick burger and make a deep depression in the center with your thumb.nSeason both sides of each burger with salt and pepper.n2. Heat a gas grill to high. Brush the burgers with canola oil and grill until desired doneness is reached. Top each with 2 slices of cheese and cover during the last minute of cooking.n3. Place the burgers on the bun bottoms and, if desired, top with tomato, lettuce, onion, and dollop of horseradish mustard mayonnaise. Pile on the potato chips, cover with the bun tops, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground chuck 80 percent lean or ground turkey 90 percent lean, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 8 slices American cheese, each 14inch thick, 4 potato hamburger buns, split toasted, if desired, 4 slices beefsteak tomato, 4 leaves romaine lettuce, 4 slices red onion, Horseradish mustard mayonnaise, 4 handfuls potato chips], title: New Jersey Burger Aka The Crunchburger, picturelink: null}, 40567: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut whole, unpeeled orange into 8 sections and chop in a food processor. Add the chopped oranges to the dates, nuts, melted butter, orange juice, sugar, and egg.nSift the dry ingredients together and then stir into the wet ingredients until just blended. Pour into papercup lined minimuffin tins, filling them 34 full. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until puffed and firm in the center. Cool before serving., ingredients: [1 medium orange, 12 cup dates, cut up, 12 cup pecans, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 12 cup orange juice, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 2 cups sifted flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt], title: OrangeSpiced MiniMuffins, picturelink: kxH180mdNgLXoUVA1EsnDkWmrXJeTS}, 40568: {instructions: Separate the leaves of the Swiss chard from the stems. Thinly slice the stems. Chop or tear the leaves into large, 2inch pieces. Rinse and blot dry if necessary.nHeat the oil in a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chard stems and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the leaves to the pan one handful at a time, stirring to coat, until they are wilted enough to add the next batch. When all of the chard has been added, cook until tender, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes.nRemove the chard to a colander and allow it to drain, pressing as much additional liquid out as possible. You can press with the back of a spoon or a clean kitchen towel once the chard has cooled slightly.nWipe out the skillet, add the halfandhalf and simmer until reduced to 12 cup and very thick, about 5 minutes. Stir in the Parmesan and black pepper. Add the chard back to the pan and stir to coat. Taste, and season with salt., ingredients: [], title: Creamed Swiss Chard, picturelink: null}, 40569: {instructions: Place water, sugar and oil in mixing bowl and stir lightly. Add yeast in water mixture, stir and let rest for 5 minutes or until water starts to bubble lightly. Mix flour and salt in a large bowl. Gradually mix in water mixture, stirring with a large spoon. When all ingredients are mixed thoroughly, remove from bowl. Knead dough into a round ball. Cover with a towel for about 5 minutes. Remove towel cut dough into 8ounce round balls. Cover again for about 5 more minutes. Remove towel flatten balls into 14inch thickness. Spread about 3 tablespoons of zahter with back of spoon to cover dough. Bake at 500 degrees for 10 minutes or until golden brown.nZahter Herb and spice mix available in Middle Eastern markets, ingredients: [2 12 cups lukewarm water, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon oil, 3 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 5 12 cups bread flour, 12 teaspoon salt, Zahter ], title: Zahter Bread, picturelink: null}, 40570: {instructions: With the machine running, drop ginger into the bowl of a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, then add scallions, mint, cilantro, yogurt, jalapeno, lime juice, and salt. Process to a textured paste similar in consistency to pesto, adding water to adjust the consistency, if desired.nCooks Note: This chutneys also great with grilled lamb and chicken, and super as a spread for sandwiches, rice crackers, or crispy Indian pappadam.nCopyright u00a9 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [1 1inch piece peeled fresh ginger, 3 scallions white and green parts, cut into large pieces, 1 cup fresh mint leaves and some stems, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves and some stems, 14 cup plain yogurt, 1 jalapeno, stemmed ribs and seeds removed if you dont want dip too hot, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 to 2 tablespoons water, optional], title: Fresh Green Chutney, picturelink: null}, 40571: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender, combine the milk and ice cream and blend until smooth. Serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup whole milk, 10 ounces premium vanilla ice cream about 1 34 cups, packed], title: Basic Vanilla Milkshake, picturelink: G.NCLQVHg3k8tIEQiwX0faGWEXKCgJ.}, 40572: {instructions: Mix first 3 ingredients together in a cocktail shaker. Place ice in glasses. Divide mix among glasses and float 1 tablespoon of dark rum over each glass. Garnish with lime wedge., ingredients: [4 ounces light rum, 2 ounces Triple Sec, 8 ounces passion fruit juice, Ice cubes, 2 ounces dark rum, Lime wedge], title: Mai Tai, picturelink: null}, 40573: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the pancetta and cook until cooked through and just slightly crispy, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a plate lined with a paper towel and reserve. Add the onions to the skillet and saute over medium heat until soft and translucent, about 8 minutes. Set aside.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until al dente, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9by13inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nMelt the butter in a large saucepot over medium heat. Stir in the flour and cook, stirring constantly, until lightly browned with a nutty aroma, about 5 minutes. Add the reserved onions and the garlic and cook for 2 minutes. While whisking, slow pour in the milk, making sure to whisk out any lumps. Stir in the white pepper, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce the heat and let simmer, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. While stirring, add the grated fontina, Gruyere and Parmesan about 12 cup at a time and continue to stir until melted and blended. Stir in the celery leaves. Stir in the cooked macaroni.nPour the mixture into the prepared baking dish. Bake until hot, bubbly and lightly browned on top, 20 to 25 minutes, sprinkling on the cooked pancetta about 5 minutes before the macaroni and cheese is done., ingredients: [4 ounces pancetta, diced, 1 small onion, diced, Salt, One 16ounce box elbow macaroni, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking dish, 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 cups whole milk, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups grated fontina cheese, 2 cups grated Gruyere cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped celery leaves], title: Man Thats Good Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 40574: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter 9inch pie plate. Lay 1 sheet phyllo dough on clean surface. Place slightly damp kitchen towel over remaining dough to keep from drying out. With pastry brush, lightly brush with melted butter. Lay another sheet phyllo on top of buttered sheet, lightly butter. Repeat until all 8 layers are buttered, using 6 tablespoons of the butter. Place phyllo dough into the prepared pan, pressing it along bottom and sides. Trim the edges. Sprinkle walnuts over bottom of crust. In medium bowl beat together maple sugar, maple syrup, jelly, remaining 8 tablespoons butter, and eggs. Pour egg mixture over walnuts. Bake 40 to 45 minutes, or until filling is set. Serve chilled., ingredients: [8 sheets phyllo dough, 14 tablespoons butter, melted, 34 cup chopped walnuts, 23 cup maple sugar or firmly packed light or dark brown sugar, 1 14 cups pure maple syrup, 1 cup apple cider jelly or apple jelly, 6 eggs, slightly beaten], title: Old Fashioned Apple Cider Jelly Pie, picturelink: null}, 40575: {instructions: Slice the beans in two lengthwise if you wish and boil them in salted water. As soon as they are just tender, drain them and then dry them in a clean dish towel. Arrange them on their serving dish.nChop all the herbs together very fine and arrange them in a band around the beans. Whisk together the oil, vinegar and pepper in a bowl and serve alongside the beans the dressing is put on the beans at the moment of serving., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, 2 teaspoons burnet, 1 tablespoon chives, 1 tablespoon chervil, 1 tablespoon tarragon, 2 tablespoons parsley, 12 cup oil, 2 tablespoons wine vinegar, 18 teaspoon fresh black pepper], title: Haricots Verts en Salade Green Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 40576: {}, 40577: {instructions: Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil. Core each tomato and cut a small x in the skin on the opposite end. Lower 2 or 3 tomatoes into the boiling water and let blanch for 15 to 20 seconds or until the skins start to peel. Immediately transfer the tomatoes to a large bowl of iced water. Blanch the remaining tomatoes in the same manner. Peel each tomato by pulling the skins off with a paring knife. Cut each tomato in half crosswise and squeeze out the seeds. Coarsely chop the seeded tomatoes.nIn a blender or food processor puree the garlic clove and the chopped tomatoes. Add the broth, cumin, salt, pepper, and 1 tablespoon lime juice, continuing to puree until smooth. Pour the soup into a metal bowl, set the bowl in a bowl of iced water, and stir the soup occasionally until it is very cold. Taste and adjust seasoning with Tabasco, salt, pepper and lime juice. Divide the avocado and the chives between two chilled bowls and ladle the soup over them., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ripe tomatoes, 1 garlic clove, 12 cup wellchilled chicken or vegetable broth, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Juice of a lime, to taste, Tabasco, or to taste, 12 California avocado, cut into 12inch dice, 2 teaspoons minced fresh chives], title: Cold Spicy Tomato Soup with Avocado and Chives, picturelink: null}, 40578: {instructions: Place the apple slices, cinnamon, cloves and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer 15 minutes. Sweeten with honey or sugar, and strain into tea glasses, pushing gently on the apples to remove all the liquid., ingredients: [8 ounces dried apple slices, 2 sticks cinnamon, 4 cloves, 1 12 quarts cold water, Honey or sugar], title: Apple Tea, picturelink: null}, 40579: {instructions: Dough: In a mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine all the ingredients for the dough. Mix at low speed for 2 minutes, then increase the speed to medium and mix for another 6 minutes. To test if the dough is ready, stretch a small piece of dough between your hands into a thin sheet and hold it up to the light. If you see a weblike pattern, the dough is developed the webs are the strands of gluten. If you do not see them, mix the dough at medium speed 2 minutes more, then test again. Transfer the dough to a bowl, cover with a damp cloth, and refrigerate at least 2 hours or over night.nHoney Schmear: In a mixer, mix the brown sugar, butter, honey, corn syrup and cinnamon until smooth. Add the water and mix until smooth, adding more water as needed to make the mixture spreadable.nBun Finish: Butter 10 cups of a large muffin tin. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the honey schmear into the bottom of each cup. In a small bowl, mix the sugar and cinnamon. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a 10by10inch square about 14 inch thick. Brush with the melted butter and sprinkle with the cinnamon sugar. Using your hands, firmly roll up the dough like a jellyroll. Transfer to a sheet pan and refrigerate 30 minutes. Using a sharp knife or a taut length of dental floss, cut the dough into 10 slices, each about 1 inch thick. Place one slice on its cut side in each muffin cup. Cover with a damp cloth, and let rise in a warm place until they reach the rim of the pan, about 1 to 1 12 hours. Or, cover and let rise in the refrigerator overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Let the buns cool in the pan for 2 minutes, then flip the pan over onto the sheet pan. Carefully lift off the muffin pan, leaving the buns and toppings on the sheet pan. Let cool. Meanwhile mix together the powdered sugar and milk to make a glaze. With a spoon drizzle the glaze over the top of the buns., ingredients: [1 cup water, 3 cups bread flour, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened at room temperature, 14 cup powdered milk, 5 teaspoons sugar, 1 ounce fresh yeast or 2 14ounce packets dry yeast, 1 34 teaspoons salt, 34 cup light brown sugar, packed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup milk], title: Cinnamon Buns, picturelink: SMRuu1RwH9KUlsiG8AR8D0.1otVKzK2}, 40580: {instructions: In a small pan, cook the bacon until crispy. Remove from pan and set aside. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter in the same pan and saute the mushrooms for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the remaining 1 12 tablespoons butter and melt. Add the spinach and cook until it is wilted.nReturn bacon to the pan and heat through. Adjust seasoning, to taste, with salt and pepper. Keep warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [3 ounces smoked bacon, sliced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 1 12 tablespoons, 8 mushrooms, sliced, 12 ounces baby spinach, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wilted Spinach, picturelink: null}, 40581: {instructions: Put the sweet potatoes in a steamer basket and put the steamer in a large pot of simmering water that is 1 inch from the bottom of the basket. Cover and steam over mediumhigh heat for 20 minutes, or until the sweet potatoes are forktender.nRemove the steamer basket, pour the water out of the pot and dump the sweet potatoes into the pot. Add the butter and salt and mash with a potato masher. Add the chile and sauce and continue mashing to combine. Serve immediately.n, ingredients: [2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 chipotle chile pepper in adobo sauce, chopped, 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, from the pepper can], title: Chipotle Smashed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 40582: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saucepan combine the milk, water, bay and cayenne. Bring the mixture to a boil over low heat and season generously with salt. Take the seasoning to the edge of too salty. To do this you MUST taste as you go. Polenta acts as a salt eraser, if you dont season abundantly here you will never recover from it.nOnce the liquid is at a boil and is seasoned appropriately, sprinkle in the polenta whisking constantly. Once the polenta is combined switch over to a wooden spoon and stir frequently until the polenta has become thick. Taste the polenta to see if it has cooked through. If it still feels mealy and grainy, add some more milk or water and cook it to a thick consistency. Repeat this process, as needed, until the polenta feels smooth on your tongue, about 30 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and stir in the chopped sage and mascarpone.nLine a 7 by 7inch square pan with plastic wrap. Pour the polenta into the prepared pan. Cover the top with more plastic smoothed onto the surface of the polenta. Chill in the refrigerator until needed. All of this can totally be done ahead of time, like yesterday CoolnWhen ready to use, remove the polenta from the pan and cut into desired shapes. Coat a nonstick saute pan with olive oil and bring to mediumhigh heat. Once the pan is hot and starting to smoke just a little, add the polenta shapes. Cook the polenta on both sides and finish by sprinkling with a little bit grated Parmigiano. Transfer to a serving platter and serve while hot.nWhat a corncake, ingredients: [1 cup milk, 2 cups water, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt, 1 cup polenta, 4 sage leaves, finely chopped, 14 cup mascarpone, Extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons grated Parmigiano], title: Hard Polenta Cakes, picturelink: SaNuHxwIC6znHB964KKjlhrJIzyy3vG}, 40583: {instructions: Put all ingredients in blender. Blend 1 to 2 minutes or until smooth.nPour into glasses. Serve with straw. Garnish with clementine wedges, ingredients: [2 cups orange sherbet, 2 cups ice, 1 cup vanilla vodka, 2 shots orange liqueur, 14 cup orange juice, Clementine wedges, for garnish], title: Darling Clementine, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 40584: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly coat a shallow 3quart baking dish with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nEquip the food processor with the slicing disk the thin slicing disk, if you have one. Stand as many pieces of potato in the feed tube as will fit, then exerting gentle pressure on the pusher, pulse the potatoes through the slicing disk. Repeat until all the potatoes have been sliced. As the work bowl fills, scoop the potatoes onto a large piece of waxed paper. Scoop the last batch of sliced potatoes onto the waxed paper and reserve.nSlice the onions just as you did the potatoes, transfer to a second sheet of waxed paper, and reserve. Remove the slicing disk from the processor and insert the chopping blade.nAdd the anchovy paste, butter, flour, pepper, and 12 cup of the cream to the processor and churn 3 to 5 seconds until smooth. Add the remaining cream and the milk and pulse 4 to 5 times to incorporate.nLayer 13 of the potatoes in the prepared casserole, spreading evenly, top with 13 of the onions and 13 of the anchovy mixture. Repeat twice. The anchovy mixture should just be visible in the casserole it should not cover the onions and potatoes.nBake uncovered on the middle oven rack until bubbling and nicely browned, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let stand 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [8 medium allpurpose potatoes about 3 34 pounds, peeled and halved lengthwise, 2 large yellow onions, peeled and halved lengthwise, 1 2ounce tube anchovy paste, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, 1 12 cups milk, at room temperature], title: Janssons Temptation, picturelink: null}, 40585: {instructions: In a bowl, mix together 2 cups flour and water until smooth with the consistency of pancake batter. Mix bread crumbs and macadamia nuts together. Season fillets with salt and pepper. Lightly dust with flour. Dip fillet in batter and roll into the bread crumbnut mixture. Reserve in the refrigerator until ready to cook.nFry fillet in enough oil to coat the bottom of the skillet. Fry until golden brown and turn to cook other side. Cook through until done. Serve with Guava Lime sauce on the side or drizzle on plate before adding chicken.nIn a saucepan, add guava puree, lime juice and white wine. Reduce by half. Add heavy cream and reduce again by half. Whisk in butter a little at a time, stirring constantly over low heat. As soon as all the butter is incorporated, remove from heat and season with salt and pepper. Strain through a fine sieve. Keep sauce warm until needed., ingredients: [2 12 cups flour, 2 cups water, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 12 cup macadamia nuts, chopped finely, 6 fish fillets, boneless and skinless, Salt and pepper, to taste, Flour, to dust fillets, 14 cup oil, to fry, Guava lime sauce, recipe follows, 34 cup guava puree available in fancy food shops  substitute mango puree if needed, 1 lime, juiced, 14 cup white wine, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 cup butter, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Macadamia Nut Breaded Fish, picturelink: null}, 40586: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees. Cut the bread into 14inch dice and place on a nonstick baking sheet. Bake for about 30 minutes, without turning, or until the bread is dry, do not let the cubes brown.nDry the shrimp well with paper towels, then place in a food processor. Add the vodka or gin and puree. Spoon the shrimp puree into a medium bowl set aside. Lightly beat the egg white with the salt and white pepper in a small bowl. Mix into the shrimp puree. Stir in the pork fat or cream. Add the water chestnuts or jicama, cilantro stems or celery leaves, scallions and ginger root and mix until thoroughly combined. Gently fold the crabmeat into the shrimp mixture the crabmeat should remain lumpy.nHave the bread cubes ready in a large bowl on one side of the crabmeat mixture. Place the olive oil in a small bowl on the other side. Oil a tablespoon by dipping it into the olive oil, then scoop up 1 heaping tablespoon of the shrimpcrab mixture and place it on top of the bread cubes. Repeat, placing 5 or 6 spoonfuls of the crabmeat mixture on the bread cubes, spacing them so they do not touch. Use your hand to roll each lump of crabmeat into the cubes, forming a ball as you work. Gently flatten each ball into a small cake, about 2inches in diameter place the crab cakes on a platter or a baking sheet.nPour about 6 inches of oil into a skillet or fryer and heat to 325 degrees. Fry the crab cakes in batches until they are golden, turning once, for 3 to 4 minutes on each side do not crowd. Remove the crab cakes with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Serve with Pineapple Salsa., ingredients: [1 1pound loaf thinly sliced white bread, crusts removed, 34 pound shrimp, peeled, deveined and cleaned with salt, 3 tablespoons vodka or gin, 1 large egg white, 1 teaspoon coarse or kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 2 ounces fresh pork fat, minced by hand or in a food processor 14 cup, or 14 cup heavy cream, 13 cup finely chopped fresh water chestnuts or jicama, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro stems or celery leaves, 2 scallions, white part only, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon peeled, grated ginger root, 34 pound fresh crabmeat, About 2 tablespoons olive oil for dipping, Corn oil for deepfrying, Pineapple Salsa], title: OneHundredCorner Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 40587: {instructions: Place almonds in a medium saucepan and set pan over medium heat. Cook 2 to 3 minutes, until lightly golden brown, shaking the pan frequently to prevent burning. Add chicken broth, rice, salt, and black pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 20 minutes, until liquid is absorbed.nFluff with a fork before serving., ingredients: [12 cup slivered almonds, 2 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 cup basmati rice, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Nutty Basmati Rice with Almonds, picturelink: null}, 40588: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the salad: In a clear glass bowl, layer the salad ingredients in the order they appear above, concentrating the ingredients around the perimeter of the bowl and filling in any gaps in the center with lettuce as needed. Start with a good layer of iceberg on the bottom, followed by the tomato wedges, spinach and Perfect Hard Boiled Eggs. Sprinkle the egg layer generously with salt and pepper. Layer on the bacon, green onions and Cheddar, and end with the peas.nFor the dressing: Combine the mayonnaise, sour cream and sugar in a small bowl and mix well.nPour the dressing over the top of the peas and spread evenly, bringing the dressing all the way out to the edges of the bowl. Sprinkle with the dill and parsley. Cover and refrigerate until serving.nPlace the eggs in a saucepan, cover with water and bring to a boil. Turn off the heat and allow the eggs to sit in the water for 20 minutes. Drain off the water and add ice to the pan on top of the eggs. Set aside to chill., ingredients: [2 heads iceberg lettuce, chopped, 4 tomatoes, cut into wedges, 8 ounces baby spinach, 8 Perfect Hard Boiled Eggs, recipe follows, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound bacon, cooked and chopped, 1 bunch green onions, thinly sliced, 8 ounces grated sharp Cheddar, One 10ounce bag frozen peas, partially thawed, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 8 eggs], title: Layered Salad, picturelink: 9gI2x8rsHoIZyzF6QSI9QibHIvOt2.}, 40589: {instructions: In a bowl soak Porcini in warm water 30 minutes, or until softened. Slowly strain soaking liquid through a fine sieve lined with a coffee filter or a double thickness of rinsed and squeezed cheesecloth into a small saucepan, being careful to leave the last tablespoon containing sediment in bowl. Boil soaking liquid until reduced to about 12 cup.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWash Porcini under cold water to remove any grit and pat dry. Coarsely chop Porcini. Peel potatoes and slice 18 inch thick. In a large 4quart saucepan cook Porcini and garlic in butter over moderate heat, stirring, 2 minutes. Add potatoes, reduced Porcini liquid, milk, cream, 4 teaspoons chives, and salt and bring liquid to boil, stirring.nTransfer mixture to a buttered 2quart gratin dish and bake 1 hour, or until potatoes are tender. Sprinkle gratin with remaining 2 teaspoons chives., ingredients: [1 ounce dried Porcini mushrooms about 1 cup, any dried mushroom of choice may be substituted, 1 cup warm water, 5 large baking potatoes such as Idaho or Russet about 3 pounds, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Potato and Dried Mushroom Gratin, picturelink: null}, 40590: {instructions: Combine the cracked wheat, onion, tomatoes, and olive oil in a large bowl. Season with salt, pepper, and the cumin. Cover and let rest for 2 hours, then mix in the dill and mint.nWhile the wheat mixture is resting, drain the grape leaves and rinse well in a colander. Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil and blanch the grape leaves, in batches if necessary, for 4 to 5 minutes. Drain and immediately rinse under cold running water. Trim the tough stems off the leaves and set aside the ones that are either very small or torn. Place a heaping teaspoon of filling in the bottom center of each leaf on the table. Fold the bottom over the filling, then fold the sides over it and roll up, tucking the sides in as you go. Place the grape leaves seam side down in the pot, snugly next to each other, in layers. Pour the lemon juice over them, then pour in enough water to barely cover the surface of the dolmathes. Cut a piece of parchment to the circumference of the pot and fit it over the leaves. Cover with a plate to keep the grape leaves in place and place the lid on the pot. Simmer until the leaves and cracked wheat are tender and the pot juices absorbed, about 50 minutes. Remove from the heat and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups cracked wheat, 4 cups finely chopped green onion, 3 large, extraripe tomatoes, grated see Cooks Note, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 heaping teaspoons ground cumin, 1 cup snipped fresh dill, 12 cup chopped fresh mint, One 10ounce jar grape leaves in brine, Juice of 1 large lemon, plus more to taste], title: Grape Leaves Stuffed with Bulgur or Cracked Wheat and Cumin from Rhodes, picturelink: null}, 40591: {instructions: Special equipment: Raplette Roulette Flexidome silicon moldnUsing an offset spatula, spread a 18inch layer of milk chocolate on parchment paper, being sure to spread it all the way to the edges. Lift the chocolatecovered paper by its corners and move it to a clean space on your work surface. Let the chocolate harden slightly, 4 to 5 minutes. The chocolate will be firm enough to cut but it will not be hard. Using the tip of a sharp paring knife or an Xacto knife, cut a square. This will be the base of your game board, so determine how large you would like it to be before you begin cutting.nFor the Squares:nPlace a sheet of acetate or parchment on your work surface with the long side facing you. Using an offset spatula, spread a 14inch layer of bittersweet chocolate onto the acetate and wait until it begins to set. Using a rolling cutter or a hot, sharp chefs knife, cut the sheet of chocolate into squares. The quantity and size of the squares depends upon how large you have cut your base and how many squares you would like to have on your game board. When the chocolate has set, carefully peel away the acetate. It should release from the chocolate quite easily. Repeat this process using the white chocolate.nFor the Frame:nStart by drizzling both white and milk chocolate onto parchment paper. Dip your clean, dry fingers into the bowl of bittersweet chocolate and spread it over the drizzles, creating a marbled effect. When you initially drizzle the milk and white chocolate, make sure you are working with enough chocolate so that the result will be at least 14inch thickhigh. Despite the fact that the size of the game board is your creative decision, the thickness must be at least 14inch, as it will break easily if it is any thinner. Let the chocolate harden slightly, 4 to 5 minutes. The chocolate will be firm enough to cut but it will not be hard. Using the tip of a sharp paring knife or an Xacto knife, cut four pieces. The length should be the same as the four sides of your base and the width should be as determined by you. Using a mitre box if you have one or a knife if not, angle each corner so they fit together when assembling. For the Feet: Place a sheet of parchment on your work surface with the long side facing you. Using an offset spatula, spread a 14inch layer of milk chocolate onto the acetate sheet. Wait until the chocolate begins to set. Using a hot sharp chefs knife, cut 8 squares appropriately sized to your game board. When the chocolate has set, carefully peel away the sheet. It should release from the chocolate quite easily. Use more chocolate to glue two squares together, making a 12inchthick foot. Repeat with the other squares. Glue them into place on each corner of the base of the game board.nTo assemble, glue down the chocolate squares on top of the footed base, alternating white and dark. Place the frame along the outer edge of the base and glue on with chocolate.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [32 ounces milk chocolate, tempered, 64 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 32 ounces white chocolate, tempered], title: Chocolate Game Board, picturelink: KTzLtgAvpXi98Z6JElVI.lrjB7Mq.u}, 40592: {instructions: For the pork: Heat the oven to 250 degrees F. Sprinkle the pork shoulder liberally with salt and pepper. Roast until the meat falls apart easily with a fork, basting every 30 minutes, 6 hours.nFor the pickles: Meanwhile, combine 2 cups water, the sugar, vinegars and salt in a saucepan and bring to a boil.nRemove from the heat and add the carrots and daikon. Let cool, then refrigerate for 4 hours.nFor the sauce: Combine the hoisin sauce, oyster sauce, brown sauce, ginger, sugar, sesame oil, rice vinegar, Sriracha and garlic and mix well.nLet the pork cool slightly, then shred the meat and mix with the sauce. Mix together the carrot and daikon pickles with the green onions and sesame seeds to taste.nHeat the tortillas in a dry pan, and then top with the pork and carrot and daikon pickle mixture. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [One 5pound pork shoulder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup rice vinegar, 1 cup white vinegar, Pinch salt, 3 cups finely grated carrots, 3 cups finely grated daikon, 3 23 cups hoisin sauce, 1 45 cups oyster sauce, 1 12 cups brown sauce, such as HP Sauce, 5 tablespoons chopped ginger, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon Sriracha, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup chopped green onions, Sesame seeds, 50 corn tortillas, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Banh Mi Tacos, picturelink: null}, 40593: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace flour in shallow bowl. Whisk eggs in small bowl to blend. Finely grind nuts in processor. Transfer nuts to another bowl. Season fish with salt and pepper. Coat fish with flour. Dip fish into eggs, then macadamia nuts, coating completely. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in each of 2 heavy large skillets over medium heat. Place 3 fillets in each skillet cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer fillets to large baking sheet. Bake fish until just opaque in center, about 7 minutes. Top with White Chocolate Beurre Blanc and serve.nCook shallots in olive oil in a heavy saucepan over medium high heat, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes, adding garlic in the last minute. Deglaze with wine and reduce by half. Add cream and coconut milk and reduce by half once more. Remove sauce from heat and mount with white chocolate until sauce thickens. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, 3 cups macadamia nuts, 6 6ounce tilapia fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, White Chocolate Beurre Blanc, recipe follows, 13 cup shallot, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 23 cup dry white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup coconut milk, 2 tablespoons white chocolate, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Macadamia Crusted Tilapia with White Chocolate Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 40594: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with paper liners and set aside. Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt together in a medium bowl. Whisk the bananas, sugar, yogurt, oil and vanilla together in another medium bowl. Gently fold the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients with a rubber spatula until the batter just comes together its okay if there are lumps.nSpoon about 14 cup of the batter into each lined muffin cup and bake until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool the muffins in the pan on a wire rack for 30 minutes, then remove muffins from pan and transfer to a rack to cool completely. Store the muffins in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 5 days., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 very ripe medium bananas, mashed about 1 14 cups, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup plain soy milk yogurt, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Vegan Banana Muffins, picturelink: Qx6nLiMF2VG7T3R6rlh3aGN6g3xmO3y}, 40595: {instructions: In medium saucepot combine the orange juice with the shallot, ginger, lemongrass, chile de arbol and garlic. Allow the orange juice to reduce by 23, then strain sauce and allow it to cool. When sauce is cool, add the lime juice.nWith a pair of scissors cut the top of each sea urchin making sure to discard any shell that might have broken loose in the urchin. With a paring knife, scoop and detach the urchin from the shell. When this is done, spoon a little sauce on each urchin, garnish with cilantro leaves and allow to sit for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 cups fresh orange juice, 1 shallot, chopped finely, 1 tablespoon chopped ginger, 1 stalk lemongrass, 1 chile de arbol, 2 garlic cloves, chopped finely, 1 lime, juiced, 2 fresh sea urchin, 2 fresh cilantro leaves], title: Sea Urchin Ceviche with Orange Chile de Arbol Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40596: {instructions: Heat a 12inch saute pan over medium heat. Add the oil and shrimp, and cook until the shrimp is pink. Add the garlic and wine, and continue cooking until the garlic is opaque and wine is reduced by half. Add the chicken stock and cheese. Bring to a slight boil to thicken. Pour over the cooked pasta and top with the parsley., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 16 peeled and deveined raw shrimp 3640 size, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 14 cup grated pecorino Romano cheese, 1 pound cooked spaghetti or penne, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Pasta Grande with Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 40597: {instructions: In a large saucepan over medium heat, combine cream and butter. Bring mixture to a simmer, stirring constantly. Remove pan from heat. Add white morsels. Stir until melted and smooth. Cool slightly. Transfer to a fondue pot, chafing dish, or ceramic bowl. Serve immediately with sliced apples, sliced bananas, strawberries, cookies, pretzels, and pound cake., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 12ounce packages premier white morsels, For dipping: sliced apples, bananas, strawberries, crisp cookies, pretzels, and cubed pound cake.], title: White Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: BaQ2a6mugQGTdNOWXDntE9R8SQUFqR.}, 40598: {instructions: Bring a small saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the asparagus tips and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, 1 to 2 minutes, depending on size. Drain asparagus and set aside.nIf using fresh peas, cook them in another small saucepan of salted boiling water until tender but still firm to the bite, 5 to 10 minutes, depending on size. Drain peas and set aside. Asparagus and peas may be cooked several hours ahead.nHeat the stock in a medium saucepan, and keep warm over low heat.nHeat 3 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. When the butter foams, add the onion and cook, stirring, until onion begins to color, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the rice and stir until it is well coated with the butter and onion, about 1 minute. Add the wine and stir until it is almost all reduced. Add about 12 cup of the hot stock, or just enough to barely cover the rice. Cook, stirring, until the stock has been almost completely absorbed. Continue cooking and stirring the rice in this manner, adding 12 cup stock at a time, for about 15 minutes. At this point the rice should be tender but still a bit firm to the bite.nStir the artichokes, asparagus, and peas into the rice, and season lightly with salt. Add the remaining tablespoon butter and the Parmigiano. Mix quickly for 1 to 2 minutes until the butter and the cheese have melted and the rice has a moist, creamy consistency. Taste and adjust the seasoning serve immediately with additional cheese sprinkled over the top, if desired., ingredients: [Coarse salt, 12 cup fresh shelled green peas or 1 cup frozen small peas, thawed, 6 cups homemade chicken stock or 3 cups canned lowsodium chicken, broth and 3 cups water, 12 pound baby artichokes, cleaned, cooked, and cut into wedges, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup minced yellow onion, 2 cups imported Italian arborio rice, 1 cup dry white wine, 14 pound asparagus tips about 1 pound asparagus, 14 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for serving], title: Asparagus, Artichoke and Pea Risotto, picturelink: null}, 40599: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Season each shank with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in a large Dutch oven and sear the shanks. Remove once browned. Add the onions, garlic, carrots and celery and cook until lightly golden brown. Return the shanks to the pot. Add the wine, chicken stock and cranberry juice and season with salt and pepper. Bake covered in the oven for 1 12 hours, or until the shanks are very tender. Remove the shanks from the pot and strain the sauce mixture into a clean small saucepan. Over medium heat, swirl in the butter, currants and almonds and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPotatoBlack Truffle Gratin Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place the cream in a small saucepan with a few shavings of the black truffle and bring to a simmer. Remove and let steep for 10 minutes. Butter a baking dish and place a layer of potatoes in the bottom of the pan. Ladle 14 cup of the cream over the potatoes, season with salt and pepper and drizzle with 1 teaspoon of the black truffle oil. Repeat 4 times. Bake the gratin for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the potatoes are cooked through. Remove from the oven and let rest 10 minutes before cutting into squares. Garnish each square with a shaving of black truffle., ingredients: [4 small lamb shanks, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Olive oil, 1 large onion coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 large carrots, coarsely chopped, 2 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 1 cup red wine, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 cup cranberry juice, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup dried black currants, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 1 black truffle, thinly shaved, 4 large potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced on a mandoline, 4 teaspoons black truffle oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Oven Roasted Lamb Shanks with Black Currant and Toasted Almond Sauce and Potato Black Truffle Gratin, picturelink: null}, 40600: {instructions: In a blender, combine avocado, cilantro, 34 cup chicken stock, and serrano pepper. Add orange juice, tequila, salt, zest, and remaining 5 14 cups chicken stock. Blend until smooth, in 2 batches if necessary. Strain through a sieve.nCut watermelon in 12 crosswise. Hollow out one half of the watermelon, forming a tureen. Seed flesh, and cut into 12inch cubes. Pour soup into watermelon, and garnish with watermelon cubes. Reserve remaining 12 watermelon for another use., ingredients: [1 pound Hass avocados about 4, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 6 cups homemade chicken stock, or lowsodium canned, chilled, 1 serrano or jalapeno pepper, seeded and veined, minced, 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice 2 oranges, 14 cup tequila, preferably aged, Coarse salt, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 watermelon, for serving], title: Avocado Soup, picturelink: null}, 40601: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix the flour, baking powder and salt. Stir in the club soda and mix until smooth. Add the cheese curds to the batter and coat thoroughly.nHeat the oil in a large, heavy skillet or heavybottomed pot over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reads 360 degrees F. Fry the cheese curds for about 1 minute, turning halfway through. Drain on paper towels. Serve the fried cheese curds with marinara or your favorite dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup club soda, 1 pound cheese curds, 4 cups vegetable or canola oil, Marinara sauce, for serving], title: Fried Cheese Curds, picturelink: 0qQNXOTZOQAarvUQBL24Yrd1gGS2o66}, 40602: {instructions: Place the flour, salt, and butter in a food processor and whiz or pulse briefly. Add half the beaten egg and continue to whiz. You might add a little more egg, but not too much as the mixture should be just moist enough to come together.nIf making by hand, rub the butter into the flour until it resembles coarse bread crumbs. Then, using your hands, add just enough egg to bring the dough together. With your hands, flatten out the ball of dough, until it is about 34inch thick, and then wrap in plastic wrap, or place in a plastic bag, and leave in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes or, if you are pushed for time, in the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes.nVariations:nSweet shortcrust pastry: In place of the pinch of salt, use 1 tablespoon of icing sugar.nSour cream shortcrust pastry: Replace the egg with 2 tablespoons of sour cream or creme fraiche, adding just enough to bring the dough together., ingredients: [7 ounces allpurpose flour, sifted, Pinch of salt, 7 tablespoons chilled butter, cubed, 12 to 1 medium egg, beaten], title: Shortcrust Pastry, picturelink: null}, 40603: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Smoky Hot Scallops and Chives, picturelink: null}, 40604: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll out the bottom crust and arrange in a 9inch pie pan. Layer cranberries, pecans and chips in the crustlined pan. In a large bowl, beat the eggs. Add brown sugar, syrup, flour, and orange peel and blend well. Pour over cranberry mixture. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until crust is golden brown and filling is set in center. Cover with spraycoated foil after 25 minutes of baking. Cool completely, approximately 2 hours. If desired, serve with whipped cream. Garnish as desired. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 pie crust for double crust 9inch pie, 1 13 cups cranberries, fresh or frozen, 1 cup halved pecans, 1 cup white chocolate or vanilla flavored chips, 3 eggs, 34 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 34 cup light corn syrup, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon grated orange peel], title: Cranberry and White Chocolate Pecan Pie, picturelink: null}, 40605: {instructions: For the dough:nIn a large bowl combine the flour and the water. Using a wooden spoon, stir to combine into a large ball. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit for 10 minutes.nFor the filling:nCombine all the ingredients in a medium bowl and stir to combine.nTo form the ravioli, cut the dough into 4 evenly sized pieces. The dough should be slightly sticky. Add extra flour as necessary for rolling, but use only a little as necessary. Form each piece into a 2 by 6inch rectangle. Recover the dough with the plastic wrap.nLightly dust the work surface and a rolling pin. Working with 1 piece of dough at a time, roll the dough into a 4 by 19inch rectangle. Place 9 rounded teaspoons of filling about 1inch apart down the center of the dough. Fold the dough over the filling. Press down around the edges of each of the ravioli with your fingertips. Cut the ravioli into small squares and press down around the edges again with your fingertips to seal. Place the finished ravioli on a baking tray and continue forming the remaining ravioli.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add half the ravioli and cook until the ravioli float stirring occasionally, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain into a large bowl and cook the remaining ravioli.nPour the olive oil over the cooked ravioli. Add the basil, lemon zest, salt, and pepper. Gently toss to coat and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup very hot water, 34 cup whole milk ricotta, 1 egg, 12 cup finely shredded storebought rotisserie chicken, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Ravioli Caprese, picturelink: qNn2PoHAgHHNsuOvs4q8i1Qu4SLbGHq}, 40606: {instructions: Using a palette knife, frost 1 of the 9inch cakes with the chocolate frosting. Frost the sides first, building extra frosting at the top of the sides. Then, frost the top. Since this part of the cake is supposed to look like the center of a sunflower, the frosting should not be smooth, but should swirl into peaks. To create this swirled, peaked effect, lightly run the palette knife through the frosting and gently pull up. Using a spatula place the cake in the center of a platter that is at least 20inches by 20inches or you can use a piece of cardboard that is covered with foil.nTo create the petals: Using a serrated knife, cut the second 9inch cake in half. Then, cut each of the halves in half again. You should have 4 triangles. Cut each of these 4 triangles in half again to create 8 triangular pieces. Using a paring knife, trim each of the eight petals to curve slightly inward so they hug the outside of the center of the cake. Be careful not to trim off too much. Start at the corner of the curved edge, and trim a slightly rounded arc that ends at the opposite corner of the rounded edge. Using the yellow frosting and a small spatula or palette knife, frost the top and 2 sides. There is no need to frost the curved edge. Once the pieces are frosted, place them around the cake. Looking at the cake as though it was a clock, place the petals at 12, 3, 6 and 9. Place the remaining four petals in between 12 and 3, in between 3 and 6, in between 6 and 9 and in between 9 and 12., ingredients: [2 round 9inch cakes, cooled, 1 recipe vanilla buttercream, colored yellow, 1 recipe best chocolate frosting], title: Sunflower Cake, picturelink: kxH180mdNgLXoUVA1EsnDkWmrXJeTS}, 40607: {instructions: Season and brown chicken well in a hot saute pan in 1ounce canola oil. Brown the carrots, celery, onion, garlic in the remaining oil. Arrange these ingredients tightly in a 4 quart stock pot. Add water so it just covers the ingredients, and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer, skim any foam fat or impurities with a ladle as they rise to the surface. After 10 minutes add bay and thyme. Simmer 15 minutes and add the potatoes. Simmer another 20 minutes until potatoes and chicken are just done. Remove vegetables, chicken and potatoes and arrange attractively on a platter. Strain broth., ingredients: [2 whole chicken breasts bone in, skin on, 2 ounces canola oil, 2 large carrots cut into large bias slices, 2 bunches celery, hearts or center portion only, cut in half, 2 onions, cut in half, 4 cloves garli,c cut in half, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 large new potatoes, cut into 14inch pieces, Salt and pepper], title: Chicken Pot au Feu, picturelink: null}, 40608: {instructions: 1. Set a large, heavybottomed pot over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until crispy and browned and the fat has rendered, about 8 minutes. Add the jalapenos to the pot and stir well. Cook for 2 minutes, or until the jalapenos are charred. Line a plate with a paper towel and use a slotted spoon to transfer the bacon and jalapenos to the plate. Set aside.n2. Add the olive oil to the pot and increase the heat to high. Add the popcorn kernels and toss well to coat them in the oil. Spread the kernels evenly on the bottom of the pot, then cover the pot with the lid. When the first kernels start to pop, very slightly uncover the pot. Shake the pot back and forth directly over the heat. Cook until the kernels stop popping, 2 to 3 minutes.n3. Remove the pot from the heat and pour the popcorn into a large bowl. Add the reserved bacon and jalapenos, the Parmesan, and the salt. Toss well to mix. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 pound applewood smoked bacon, cut into 14inch dice, 3 jalapenos, seeded and cut into thin rings, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup popcorn kernels, 34 ounce Parmesan cheese, grated about 14 cup, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Bacon Jalapeno Popcorn, picturelink: QGv.hD2AnAF5NTAq8CXmskMB8NAbZUi}, 40609: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Season the yellowtail with salt and pepper, to taste. Preheat a nonstick, ovenproof skillet, coated with the olive oil. Add the yellowtail, flesh side down, and cook until brown, about 2 or 3 minutes. Turn the fish over and put the skillet into the oven for 5 minutes.nRemove the skillet from the oven and transfer the fish to a warm platter. Pour any excess oil from the pan. Add the green onions, tomato, citrus zest and ginger and saute, over low heat, for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the wine and deglaze the skillet. Reduce the liquid by half, and then add the heavy cream. Reduce until lightly thickened. Whisk in the butter, lime juice and parsley. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Spoon the sauce over the fish and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds skinless yellowtail fillet, cut in 4 equal pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons diced green onions, 2 tablespoons diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons blanched julienne cut citrus zests any combination, lime, lemon, orange, grapefruit and yuzu, 2 tablespoons julienne cut ginger, 3 ounces red wine, 4 to 6 ounces heavy cream, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 1 to 2 ounces fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves], title: Fresh Yellowtail Fillet with Lime and Ginger, picturelink: TDkwWk3Ph6FYFWtO3jjPOQgpKeZR9.}, 40610: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometer and wooden skewersnPour enough oil into a large, heavy pot to come at least halfway up the sides of the pot enough so the tenders can be submerged when frying. Heat the oil over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nMeanwhile, put the flour in a shallow bowl and add seasoning salt to taste. When the oil is hot, roll the chicken in the flour mixture to coat and thread onto wooden skewers. Fry the chicken skewers until golden brown, about 7 minutes. Season the chicken with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Vegetable oil no trans fat, for frying, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, Seasoning salt, as needed, 3 jumbo chicken tenders, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Boltons Chicken, picturelink: LVCPrD8y18LdiJiA6aT2oFs1e.M9r.S}, 40611: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPut threequarters of the chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl microwave, stirring every 30 seconds, until melted. Stir in the remaining chocolate until smooth. Spread the chocolate 14 inch thick on the prepared baking sheet top with the freezedried strawberries. Chill until set, then break into pieces.nPhotograph by Ralph Smith, ingredients: [1 pound semisweet chocolate, chopped, One 1.2ounce bag freezedried strawberries], title: Strawberry Chocolate Bark, picturelink: FovPIJhDCyIWsc7pbgVFIP4SEq2bC26}, 40612: {instructions: START THE WATER: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nPOACH THE CHICKEN: Bring 1 12 cups water to a simmer in a medium skillet. Whisk in the peanut butter, then add the chicken. Cook over mediumlow heat at a bare simmer until just cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the chicken to a plate continue to simmer the sauce until thickened and reduced by about half, about 5 minutes. Take off the heat and whisk in the vinegar, soy sauce, Sriracha, and scallions. Cool slightly.nCOOK THE NOODLES: Add the rice noodles to the boiling water and cook until almost tender, about 3 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water to cool. Drain the noodles very well, tossing with tongs to release as much water as possible. Snip the noodles with scissors a few times to cut the long strands.nTOSS THE SALAD: Toss the noodles with the romaine, cucumbers, bell pepper, half of the cilantro, and just enough dressing to coat. Season with salt. Divide among 4 bowls and top with the chicken. Drizzle the remaining dressing over the top and garnish with the remaining cilantro. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 1 large boneless, skinless chicken breast about 12 ounces, sliced crosswise 14 inch thick, 14 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Sriracha, or more as needed, 4 scallions, thinly sliced white and green parts, 6 ounces thin rice noodles vermicelli, 1 romaine heart, thinly sliced about 3 cups, 2 Persian cucumbers or 1 regular cucumber, thinly sliced about 2 cups, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 cup loosely packed roughly chopped fresh cilantro from about 1 medium bunch, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Chilled Peanut Chicken Noodle Salad, picturelink: yz51BJr6cF9M4MbBbTFZi1L6uO7SsnG}, 40613: {instructions: Toast the chiles in a saucepot over mediumhigh heat. Add the stock and simmer to reconstitute, 10 minutes, then puree with 2 to 4 tablespoons of the liquid until smooth. In a large pot or Dutch oven, heat the vegetable oil over mediumhigh to high heat. To the pot add the mushrooms and brown. Then add the meat, brown and crumble. Season the meat with the coriander, cumin, paprika, salt and pepper. Then add the onions, garlic, tomato paste, thyme, Worcestershire, bay leaf and cinnamon stick. Deglaze with the beer and add the beans and pepper puree and simmer 45 minutes. Remove the cinnamon stick and bay leaf. Serve right away, or cool, refrigerate and then reheat on the stovetop. When ready to serve, peel and pit the avocado. Puree the avocado, sour cream and lemon juice, and season with salt. Top the chili with the cheese, green sour cream and serve with the chips., ingredients: [2 ancho chiles, seeded and stemmed, 2 guajillo or New Mexican dried chiles, seeded and stemmed, 3 cups beef stock, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large portobello cap, scraped of gills and diced, 1 12 pounds ground beef, patted dry, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 onion, chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 cup lager beer, One 14ounce can black beans, drained, 1 avocado, 1 cup sour cream, 12 lemon, juiced, Sharp Cheddar, for topping, Tortilla chips, for dipping], title: Black Bean and Beef Chili with Green Sour Cream, picturelink: BxCJc7XUZoZN.ew5MkFxGtrRbE98JW}, 40614: {instructions: Combine all ingredients and bring to a boil. Thicken with white wash. Serve., ingredients: [4 cups shoyu, yamasa, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup mirin, 1 12 cups lime juice, 8 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, 3 tablespoons ginger, peeled, grated, 34 cup daikon, grated, 2 cups water, White wash, 1 ounce cornstarch, 2 12 ounces cold water], title: Ginger Ponzu Sauce to Be Served Over Pink Snapper, picturelink: null}, 40615: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and prepare an ice water bath. Add the lobster tails to the boiling water and cook until they curl up and the meat is white, about 8 minutes. Transfer them to the ice bath to stop the cooking process, about 2 minutes. Remove the meat from the shells, chop into small pieces and set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, chives, tarragon, mustard, cayenne, shallot, lemon juice and some salt and pepper. Add the lobster meat, melted butter and 1 cup of the panko and mix to combine.nPut the remaining 1 cup panko on a baking sheet. Form the lobster mixture into appetizersize cakes about 14 cup each, coat the cakes in the panko and place on a plate or baking sheet.nHeat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches and adding oil as needed, fry the lobster cakes on each side until golden and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Serve topped with the Mango and Avocado Salsa.nAdd the cilantro, mango, jalapeno and lime juice to a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Pour into a medium bowl, add the scallions, avocado and salt and pepper to taste and stir to combine., ingredients: [6 lobster tails, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 shallot, finely chopped, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more if needed, Mango and Avocado Salsa, recipe follows, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 1 large mango, chopped, 1 jalapeno, quartered, Juice of 1 lime, 3 scallions, sliced, 1 avocado, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Lobster Cakes with Mango and Avocado Salsa, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 40616: {instructions: Special equipment: 12hole muffin pannPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C.nCut out 12 squares of parchment paper measuring about 5 12 x 5 12in 14 x 14cm. Oil the muffin pan and push the squares down into each hole so the paper sticks up just like the muffins you can buy in the coffee shop. The squares have a habit of popping up out of the holes, which is okay for now because once the muffin mix is spooned inside the squares will stay down. Alternatively, use readymade paper muffin cases.nIn a large bowl, sift the flours, baking powder, and baking soda, then stir in the salt and rosemary. If there is any whole wheat left in the sifter from the whole wheat flour, keep this for the topping.nIn a medium bowl, put the rest of the ingredients, apart from a third of the pumpkin, and stir well so all the liquid is well combined. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry and, using a large spoon and no more than 8 turns, mix all the ingredients together. It does not take much to overmix muffins at this stage and although the end result will still taste sublime the texture will not be as tender. Let the mixture stand for 5 minutes, then spoon the mixture into the paper cases.nSprinkle the whole wheat, reserved pumpkin, and the pumpkin seeds over the muffins. Bake in the center of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the muffins are well risen and a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean.nGood for breakfast, good for lunch, and good for just about any time of the day for a snack. For canapes these can be made in mini muffin cases as mouthful morsels of scrumbunctiousness., ingredients: [Vegetable oil or oil spray, for oiling, 23 cup3 14oz90g allpurpose flour, 23 cup3 14oz90g cake flour, 1 cup4 12oz130g whole wheat flour, 2 18 tsp baking powder, 12tsp baking soda, Good pinch of salt, 3 sprigs of fresh rosemary, very finely chopped, 1 34 cups8 12oz 240g cooked pumpkin about 1 small wedge, cut into 14 in 5mm dice. Readycubed, uncooked squash is available in the supermarket, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, scant 12 cup4floz100ml plain yogurt, 1 generous cup10floz275ml milk, 3 big squidges of honey, 14cup212floz60ml vegetable oil, Handful of pumpkin], title: Pumpkin and Rosemary Muffins, picturelink: FvcyaZTuk7lYTZDzMGJ4ZAkvKsUso2u}, 40617: {instructions: Special equipment: a cupcake corer a pastry bag fitted with a medium round tipnFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with paper liners.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar for about 2 minutes, until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition. Beat in the egg white, scraping the sides of the bowl as you go. Add the vanilla and beat on mediumhigh speed for about 1 minute.nIn a separate medium bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder and salt. Mix the flour mixture and the milk into the egg mixture in three partsu00bfflourmilkflour, taking care to scrape down the sides as you go, and incorporating each addition well. Mix until smooth.nDivide the batter evenly between the muffin cups using an icecream scoopthe batter should come about threequarters of the way up the sides. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 15 to 16 minutes.nLet the cupcakes cool in the pans on a wire rack for 10 to 15 minutes. Then remove from the pan to the rack to cool completely.nFor the filling and decoration: Use a cupcake corer to hollow out the center of the cupcakes, saving the tops then fill with a couple tablespoons of candy goo. Slice the top off of the plug you removed from the cupcake and place back in the hole to seal in the filling. Use a couple of drops of red food coloring and the smallest amount of yellow and black to color your frosting. Frost the tops of cupcakes with a thin layer of buttercream. Place the remaining buttercream into a pastry bag fitting with a medium round tip. Pipe squiggles around the top of the cupcakes, creating two hemispheres of the brain. Thin the red piping gel with a teaspoon of water and use a spoon to drizzle over top of the brain to get into crevices.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine all the ingredients. Whip the mixture on low speed for a while. When the sugar is incorporated, turn the mixer speed up and whip until the buttercream is smooth and looks right to you. If its too cold, persuade it with a blowtorch if you have one. If its too wet, add a bit more powdered sugar. If its too stiff, add a bit more butter. Be sure to scrape the sides of the bowl once or twice to make sure everything is combined.nUse immediately, or store in an airtight container at room temperature for 24 hours or in the fridge for up to 2 weeks. Rewhip cold buttercream before using it., ingredients: [13 cup butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, 2 large eggs plus 1 egg white, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup milk, Pink candy goo or cherry or strawberry jam, for filling, 1 recipe American Buttercream, recipe follows, Red, yellow and black food coloring, 2 tablespoons red piping gel, 4 sticks 1 pound butter, softened, 6 cups powdered sugar, 1 to 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract or any other flavor you want, optional, Pinch of kosher salt, 14 cup whole milk], title: Brain Cupcakes, picturelink: m0QrOLwrZSGYIBwfRR1uUKfyi3PMV46}, 40618: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan combine the wine, 2 tablespoons of the honey, the figs and star anise. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the figs are plump and tender, about 20 minutes.nTransfer the figs to a cutting board to cool for 5 minutes. Then cut the figs into 14inch slices. Discard the anise and bring the liquid back up to a boil over medium heat. Cook until the mixture is thick and reduced to 14 cup, about 10 minutes. Transfer the syrup to a small bowl and cool to room temperature.nPlace a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.nPlace the pancetta on a baking sheet and bake until the slices are crispy and brown, about 6 minutes. Set aside to cool then roughly chop.nBrush the bread slices with the oil. Place on a baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack.nIn a medium bowl combine the goat cheese, lemon juice, remaining 1 teaspoon honey, the chopped mint and the salt. Spread 1 tablespoon of the goat cheese mixture onto each crostini. Top with fig slices, pancetta crumbles and a sprinkle of sliced mint. Just before serving, drizzle with the reserved syrup., ingredients: [2 cups dry red wine, such as Pinot noir, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon honey, 6 dried Mission figs about 4 ounces, 2 whole star anise, 3 ounces pancetta, sliced into 14inch thick slices, 1 loaf country white bread, cut into 12inch slices, and then cut into shapes, optional, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons lemon juice about 1 small lemon, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh mint, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sliced fresh mint, for sprinkling], title: Crostini with Poached Figs and Goat Cheese, picturelink: Px2tT5oWe2QFbKgVdc685F24N2CxgS}, 40619: {instructions: Add the chicken breasts to a slow cooker. In a bowl, mix the cumin, coriander, oregano, paprika, red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper, then sprinkle over the chicken. Add the beans, celery, garlic, canned chiles, onions, bell peppers and jalapeno. Pour in the chicken broth, put the lid on and cook on low until the beans are cooked, the vegetables are soft and the flavors are combined, about 7 12 hours.nMix the milk with the masa and add to the slow cooker. Add the frozen corn straight from the freezer and continue to cook until the sauce has thickened, another 30 minutes.nRemove the chicken to a board and shred using 2 forks. Return to the slow cooker, then add the lime juice, sprinkle over the Monterey Jack cheese and stir to melt.nTo serve: Ladle the chili into bowls and garnish with a dollop of sour cream, extra cheese and cilantro. Roll up warm corn tortillas and serve on the side of the bowl., ingredients: [6 boneless, skinless chicken breast fillets, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and ground white pepper, 1 pound dried Great Northern beans, soaked overnight and rinsed, 4 stalks celery, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cans green chiles, chopped, 2 medium onions, diced, 2 green bell peppers, chopped, 1 jalapeno, sliced, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 cup whole milk, 14 cup masa, 1 12 cups frozen sweet corn, Juice of 1 lime, 12 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, plus more for serving, Sour cream, for serving, Chopped fresh cilantro, for serving, Corn tortillas, warmed, for serving], title: SlowCooker White Chicken Chili, picturelink: 225fXEg8bR2LCp3EQF1tZeQifoRKxVK}, 40620: {instructions: Using a melon baller, scoop the gelato into 48 1inch balls. Transfer the balls of gelato to a small tray and keep the gelato in the freezer until ready to serve.nWhen ready to serve, cut the ladyfingers in half lengthwise. Spread the nutella on both sides of the split ladyfingers. Place 3 scoops of gelato on the bottom half of the ladyfinger. Top with slices of strawberry and mint leaves. Place the top ladyfinger over to make a sandwich. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups chocolate gelato or ice cream, 16 storebought sponge ladyfingers, 12 cup nutella, 10 strawberries, hulled and thinly sliced, 32 fresh mint leaves], title: Chocolate Gelato Baguettes, picturelink: PTzUizQfWGeYl2k6drxB3veWYskSnpi}, 40621: {instructions: In a medium pot over medium heat, add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the onion and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth and bring it to a simmer. Add the pork, orzo, and spinach and simmer until heated through and spinach has wilted, about 2 or 3 minutes. Add the lemon juice, taste, and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into serving bowls and serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, Reserved 12 red onion, sliced, from Grilled Pork Chop with Peach Salsa recipe, 1 quart chicken broth, Reserved pork chops, diced, from Grilled Pork Chop with Peach Salsa recipe, Reserved orzo from Caprese Salad Stuffed Tomatoes recipe, 2 cups baby spinach, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Orzo Soup with Pork, picturelink: null}, 40622: {instructions: Remove the stems from the eggplants and discard. Cut unpeeled eggplant into 12 cubes and salt liberally drain in a colander with a heavy weight, such as a pot or glass mixing bowl, on top for 1 hour to allow the bitter juices to drain off. Rinse off salt, squeeze well, and dry with absorbent paper. Set aside. Heat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet add onions and celery and saute covered for 5 to 8 minutes until slightly softened. Pour in tomatoes add basil, salt, and pepper. Simmer for 10 minutes. Add capers and olives, and cook for 5 minutes longer. Set aside. In another large skillet, saute the eggplant in 13 cup of hot olive oil,add more oil if necessary to prevent sticking eggplant absorbs a lot of oil as it cooks. After 15 minutes, transfer the sauteed eggplant to the skillet with the onion and celery mixture, stirring until evenly mixed. Sprinkle the mixture with sugar, pour vinegar over, and stir. Cover and simmer slowly over low heat for 10 to 15 minutes. Refrigerate for at least 24 hours, or up to three days. Serve warm or cold., ingredients: [3 ripe, mediumsized eggplants about 2 12 pounds, 1 teaspoon salt, plus salt to sprinkle on eggplant, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus 13 cup pure olive oil, 2 large onions, coarsely chopped, 4 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 1 12ounce can of crushed tomatoes or tomato puree, 3 fresh basil leaves, slivered, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 cup capers, drained and rinsed, 1 cup small green olives, pitted and sliced, 1 12 tablespoons of sugar, or more to taste, Scant 14 cup of red wine vinegar], title: Caponata, picturelink: null}, 40623: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill over mediumhigh heat. Lay two 18inchlong sheets of heavy duty aluminum foil on a flat surface.n2. Cut a long slit in each sausage about twothirds of the way through and flatten gently so it opens like a book. Divide the sausages between the 2 pieces of foil. Toss the peppers and onions with the oil, oregano, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and put on top of the sausages.n3. Bringing the short sides of the foil together, fold the seams together twice and then tuck the ends in and up to seal. Put the foil packets on the grill and grill, 17 to 20 minutes. Open the foil, being careful of steam the sausages will be charred and have grill marks on the bottom and the vegetables will be tender. If not, just throw the packets back on the grill, unsealed, for a few more minutes until done.n4. Divide among 4 plates and serve with crusty bread or garlic bread., ingredients: [1 pound sweet or hot Italian sausage links 4 to 6 links, 2 red andor green bell peppers, sliced about 2 cups, 1 large onion, sliced about 3 cups, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestion: crusty bread or garlic bread], title: Grilled Sausage and Pepper Foil Packets, picturelink: null}, 40624: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat baking sheets lightly with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE shortening, brown sugar, egg, milk and vanilla in bowl of electric mixer beat at medium speed until well blended.nCOMBINE oats, flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon. Mix into shortening mixture at low speed just until blended. Stir in raisins and walnuts. Drop by rounded measuring tablespoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto prepared baking sheets.nBAKE 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheets. Place on cooling racks to cool completely., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 34 cup Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening or 34 stick Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening Sticks, 1 14 cups firmly packed brown sugar, 1 large egg, 13 cup milk, 1 12 tsps. vanilla extract, 3 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 tsp. baking soda, 12 tsp. salt, 14 tsp. ground cinnamon, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnuts], title: Old Fashioned Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: lr1u.kV2n4qv6w3f81ibLPZVpZd0.6}, 40625: {instructions: Flavor Secrets: To prepare a brine, combine 1 cup water, 14 cup kosher salt, and 14 cup brown sugar. Bring to a boil for 1 minute to dissolve the salt and sugar. Remove from the heat and cool. Stir in 3 cups cold water. Submerge the meat in the brine for at least 4 hours.n1. For maximum juiciness, brine the pork chops for 4 hours if you can see Flavor Secrets, above. Pat the pork chops dry with a paper towel and season with salt and pepper.n2. In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. Heat the oil until it just starts to haze. Add the pork chops and saute until golden on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Closely monitor the heat so the pork chops get a deep golden brown but so the bits at the bottom of the pan dont burnthey are the flavor foundation for your sauce. Remove the pork chops and set aside.n3. Add the shallots, apples, and garlic to the same pan. Cook for 2 minutes or until golden. Use tongs to scrape the bits off the bottom of the pan. Add the brandy and let boil, reducing the liquid by half. Add the apple juice and rosemary, and boil for 1 minute. Add the chicken stock and boil reduce until you have a nice saucy consistency. Add the butter. Turn off the heat and stir just until the butter is melted. Stir in the arugula.n4. Place each pork chop on a plate. Pour the sauce with the arugula over the top., ingredients: [Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 pork chops, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped shallots, 1 medium green apple, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 12 cup brandy, 1 cup apple juice ideally fresh, 2 teaspoons fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 cups arugula, washed and dried], title: Pork Chops with Caramelized Apples and Arugula, picturelink: null}, 40626: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRinse the filet medallions and pat completely dry. Add the medallions to a medium mixing bowl, and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with sea salt, a few pinches of seasoned salt, and black pepper. With your hands, rub both sides of the medallions until they are covered with the oil and spices. Set aside in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.nMeanwhile, cover the bottom of a glass baking dish with aluminum foil. Cut off a small slice from the bottom of each pear they can stand up straight and arrange them, upright, in the baking pan. Add garlic and drizzle the pears and garlic with olive oil. Cover with aluminum foil. Roast in the oven for 30 minutes.nAllow the pears to cool for 30 minutes and then peel off the skin and remove the core.nAdd the garlic, pears and chicken stock to a blender and blend until smooth. Pour the mixture into saucepan over low heat and season with a couple of pinches of sea salt and pepper and let simmer for a couple of minutes.nHeat the broiler. Cover a baking sheet with foil and arrange the filet mignon medallions on the pan. Charbroil on high on the top rack, about 6 inches below the broiler. Broil for 5 to 7 minutes for mediumrare. Do not flip.nLadle a bed of the roasted pear and garlic sauce on each of 6 plates. Use tongs to top each with a filet and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [6 4ounce filet mignon medallions, Olive oil, 1 teaspoon sea salt, plus more for seasoning, Seasoned salt recommend: Lawrys Seasoned Salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 3 Bartlett pears, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 34 cup chicken stock], title: Charbroiled Filet Mignon Medallions with Roasted Pear and Garlic Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40627: {instructions: For the Cucumber Shot Glasses: Cut 4 2inch long pieces out of the cucumber. Use a melon baller to carefully scoop out flesh from 1 end, leaving a 12inch bottom on the other end. Repeat with remaining cucumber pieces, reserving cucumber flesh.nFor the Sake Shots: Combine cucumber flesh with lime juice in a blender. Blend until smooth, about 15 seconds. Pour cucumber puree through a fine mesh strainer, reserving 12 cup of cucumber juice. Add sugar and set aside.nPour watermelon rum and sake into a cocktail shaker filled with ice cubes. Add reserved cucumber juice and shake vigorously. Pour into cucumber shot glasses. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large cucumber, 12 shot lime juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 shots watermelon rum recommended: Bacardi Grand Melon, 12 shot sake], title: Cucumber Sake Shots, picturelink: KHI2mVnzSwXfQUZcFuLXJit9NPiXh.}, 40628: {instructions: In a saucepan, melt the duck fat. Add the mushrooms and cook until they are golden. Season with salt and pepper. Add the parsley. Keep the mushroom mixture warm.nIn a sauce pot, combine the chicken broth and the cornmeal with a whisk. Season with salt and pepper. Over low heat, cook the mixture just until it thickens and comes together, like a pate a choux. Add the mascarpone and the cheese. Stir until melted. Adjust seasoning. The mixture should be somewhat liquid. If necessary, add some more chicken stock.nBring the chicken glace to a boil.nPour the polenta into 4 bowls. Top with the cooked mushrooms. Drizzle with chicken glace., ingredients: [1 34 ounces duck fat, 20 ounces small wild mushrooms, cleaned, destemmed, and sliced thinly, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bunches parsley, stems removed and chopped finely, 2 cups chicken broth, 4 ounces very fine cornmeal, 9 ounces mascarpone, 5 ounces Basque Brebis, grated, 3 ounces chicken glace chicken stock reduced until thick], title: Creamy Corn Pudding with Mushrooms: Escatoon, picturelink: null}, 40629: {instructions: Whisk together 2 tablespoons of the sour cream, 1 tablespoon of the oil, 1 tablespoon water, 1 12 teaspoons of the curry powder, 12 teaspoon of the paprika and 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Add the cauliflower and toss to evenly coat. Cover the bowl and marinate for 30 minutes at room temperature.nMeanwhile, pulse the garlic, ginger, onion and 2 tablespoons water in a food processor until smooth. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a 6quart Dutch oven or large heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion mixture, garam masala, the remaining 2 12 teaspoons curry powder, and the remaining 1 teaspoon paprika. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture starts to stick and brown on the bottom of the pan, about 4 minutes. Add the tomato puree, 1 cup water, the chickpeas and 2 teaspoons salt. Cover partially with a lid and simmer gently until the sauce is slightly reduced and the onion mixture is soft, 10 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the broiler with a rack positioned about 4 inches from the heat source. Line a baking sheet with foil. Arrange the cauliflower in a single layer and broil, tossing halfway through, until the cauliflower is browned and just cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes.nStir the cauliflower and peas into the sauce and return to a simmer, then remove from heat. Stir in the remaining 6 tablespoons sour cream, the butter and cilantro. Serve the tikka masala in bowls with brown rice and lemon wedges. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream or plain Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon mild or hot curry powder, 1 12 teaspoons sweet paprika, Kosher salt, 1 head cauliflower, broken into florets about 4 cups, 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, One 12inch piece fresh ginger, roughly chopped, 1 small yellow onion, roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons garam masala, One 28ounce can nosaltadded tomato puree, One 14ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish, 6 cups cooked brown rice, for serving, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Cauliflower Tikka Masala, picturelink: 9mlDdjaiGdwR3rETZZuykVImIF5mlsq}, 40630: {instructions: Cut chicken and pork into approximately 2inch pieces, saving the bones. Sprinkle meat pieces with salt. Heat oil in paella pan or large skillet and saute pork, chicken, and bones until brown on all sides 10 to 15 minutes. It is helpful to count the bones now. Push meat and bones to the sides of pan. In the center, saute green beans, garlic, and tomato for approximately 3 minutes. Add paprika to vegetables in center of pan. Add water, bouillon cube, and saffron. Cook on medium heat for about 20 minutes, stirring all ingredients together. Add salt to taste. At this point the stock should be very strong and tasty. Discard the bones remember the count. Add lima beans and cook 10 minutes more. Push everything to the sides of the pan, add arborio rice to the middle. Push rice under meats and vegetables so that all the rice is submerged in water. Add scallops. Place shrimp on top and cook at medium to high heat for 20 minutes, adding water if needed. Rice should be cooked, but dry, almost crunchy. Cover with a sheet of newspaper and let rest for 10 minutes. Steam clams in a 14 cup of white wine for about 3 to 5 minutes until open. Put clams in shells on top of paella. Sprinkle with chopped parsley and serve in the same pan.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 12 pounds pork chops with bones, Salt, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds green beans, 4 garlic cloves chopped, 2 small tomatoes, chopped, 2 teaspoons paprika, 8 cups water, 1 chicken bouillon cube, 1 teaspoon saffron, 1 12 cups lima beans, 2 12 cups arborio rice, 34 pounds bay scallops, 1 pound shrimp, 10 clams in shells, 14 cup white wine, Chopped parsley], title: Paella, picturelink: null}, 40631: {instructions: In a saucepan combine rum, molasses, lemon rind, cinnamon, anise and peppercorns. Reduce until it becomes a glaze and set aside for later use. Brush the shrimps with olive oil on both sides. Then rub and season with garlic and salt and pepper to taste and grill. Arrange shrimps on a serving platter and drizzle with the rum glaze., ingredients: [2 cups rum, 12 cup molasses, Rind of 12 a lemon, 1 cinnamon stick, 24 star anise, 4 peppercorns, 12 jumbo shrimps, Extra virgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, Salt and pepper], title: Rum Glazed Shrimps, picturelink: null}, 40632: {instructions: 1. In a steamer basket set over 1 inch of simmering water, steam the spinach until wilted, a few minutes. Remove the spinach and drain well.n2. Put the spinach and garlic in a food processor and pulse until smooth. Add in the sour cream, almonds, parsley, thyme, chives, cayenne, and season with 18 teaspoon salt. Pulse until combined. Stir in the lemon zest and lemon juice.n3. Spread the spinach mixture on the toasted bread, sprinkle with additional chopped almonds, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound fresh spinach, washed, dried, and stemmed, 1 clove garlic, 34 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped toasted almonds, plus more for garnish, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, Zest and juice of 12 a lemon, Toasted baguette slices, for serving], title: Spinach Almond Crostini, picturelink: osRIA8EBaGzDNLQy2d1UZreO8oBOMJ.}, 40633: {instructions: To make the caramel: Using a food processor, pulverize the granulated sugar into fine powder or dust. In a pot, heat the water over medium heat. As the water begins to slowly heat, carefully pour the pulverized sugar into the center of the pot, creating a mound. Do not touch or mix the sugar into the water, let it dissolve on its own. Once the sugarwater begins to boil, keep a close eye on it: in a few minutes the water will boil away and then the sugar will begin to boil. Watch closely, the second the molten sugar begins to turn a light brown or caramel color, take it off the heat and add the whipping cream and butter. Cooks Note: Careful, it will spatter. Whisk the mixture until smooth. Add a big pinch of fleur de sel and whisk to incorporate.nTo make the French toast: In a big bowl, combine the eggs, milk, vanilla bean, sugar, and sea salt. Beat these ingredients together. In a frying pan, heat the unsalted butter over medium heat. Dip the bread slices in the egg mixture, turning the bread to coat evenly. Allow the excess egg mixture to drip back into the bowl and add the bread to the hot butter. Fry the bread for about 1 minute per side, or until golden. Turn the heat down to medium low and cook for 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Repeat as necessary.nServe the French toast in stacks slathered with caramel and topped with a dollop of creme fraiche., ingredients: [Caramel, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup water, 1 cup whipping cream, 14 cup unsalted butter, Pinch fleur de sel, French toast, 4 eggs, 13 cup whole milk, 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise and seeds scraped, Big pinch brown sugar, Pinch sea salt, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, for frying, 6 slices challah bread, sliced about 1inch thick, 12 cup creme fraiche or sour cream], title: French Toast with Salted Caramel and Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 40634: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMash the garlic and salt together with a fork until it forms a coarse paste. Transfer to a small bowl and stir in the oil, fresh herbs and freshly ground pepper. Rub the garlicherb paste all over the pork. Transfer the pork to a roasting pan and roast for 1 14 hours or until the internal temperature reaches 155 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Transfer the roast to a carving board and let rest for 15 minutes. Carve the pork into slices and serve with the sauce.nCombine all ingredients in a blender and puree., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, minced 1 tablespoon, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves or 1 teaspoon dried sage, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves or 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, One 2 12pound center cut boneless pork loin, trimmed of all visible fat, 12 cup Parsley Shallot Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups lightly packed flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped shallot, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons water, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Herb Roasted Pork Loin with Parsley Shallot Sauce, picturelink: ZGuDQmYj7ETRZfLIH8WXIk0Bd03qRLq}, 40635: {instructions: Combine 3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 thinly sliced garlic cloves and a pinch of red pepper flakes in a large skillet and cook over mediumlow heat until the garlic is golden, about 6 minutes. Crush a 28ounce can of San Marzano plum tomatoes into the skillet with your hands rinse the can with about 1 cup water and add to the sauce. Add a handful of torn basil leaves and season with salt. Increase the heat to medium and simmer, uncovered, until thick, 20 to 25 minutes. Toss with 1 pound cooked pasta makes 4 cups sauce.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Perfect Marinara Sauce, picturelink: nf7ruUbCSo3j9IgosARKW9VRe4nZS}, 40636: {instructions: Make Dressing: In a bowl, whisk together all the ingredients. Dressing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.nTrim stalks from fennel and with a mandoline, thinly slice fennel bulb crosswise. With a sharp knife, cut a slice from top and bottom of each orange to expose flesh and arrange cut side down on a cutting board, cutting from top to bottom, remove peel and pith. Cut oranges crosswise into 14inch thick slices.nArrange fennel and orange decoratively on a platter and scatter with mint. Whisk dressing and drizzle over salad., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or redwine vinegar, 34 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large fennel bulb sometimes called anise, about 1 pound, 3 large navel oranges, 14 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves], title: Minted Orange and Fennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 40637: {instructions: Scrape off any scales adhering to the fish and refrigerate. Cut the feathery green fronds off the fennel and reserve. Cut off the stalks at the top of the bulb and discard. Peel the tough, stringy fiber off the outside with a vegetable peeler and then cut the fennel into 8 wedges. Simmer the wedges in a non aluminum pan with the white wine, coriander seeds, olive oil, and salt and pepper over low heat until they soften but retain some crunch, about 20 minutes. Cool the liquid. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Rinse and dry the fish, season with salt and pepper, and slide it into an oven roasting bag. If the fish is too large, you can cut off his head, but avoid this a headless fish is less dramatic. Put all the ingredients from cooking fennel, including any liquid, in the bag with the fish. Season the tomatoes with salt and pepper and place in the bag along with the reserved fennel fronds. Push down along the bag to squeeze out excess air and seal the bag at one end with string. Carefully place the bag with the fish in an oval baking dish or on a sheet pan it is easier to bake fish on something you can take straight to the table and bake for about 15 minutes per inch of thickness. Cut the bag open at the table and serve with fennel and chopped tomatoes., ingredients: [1 4 pound striped bass, gutted, scaled, gills and fins removed, 1 fennel bulb, 34 cup dry white wine, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and cut into 12inch chunks], title: Whole Striped Bass with Fennel and Tomatoes in a Roasting Bag, picturelink: null}, 40638: {instructions: COMBINE jelly and balsamic vinegar in a mixing bowl. Whisk in oil slowly. Continue whisking until mixture comes together and thickens. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nASSEMBLE the salad by dividing the salad ingredients evenly among four dinner plates. Begin with the lettuce, and then chicken strips, red onion, glazed pecans, grapes and finish with crumbled blue cheese. Serve salad with grape vinaigrette., ingredients: [14 cup Smuckersu00ae Concord Grape Low Sugar Jelly, 3 tbsps. balsamic vinegar, 12 cup Criscou00ae Puritan Canola Oil with Omega3 DHA, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 10 oz. bag romaine and leaf lettuce, 2 6 oz. pkgs. prepared grilled chicken breast strips, 2 14inch wide slices red onion, quartered, 14 cup glazed pecans, 1 cup seedless red and green grapes, halved, 13 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Grilled Chicken Salad with Grape Vinaigrette, picturelink: OQjL2nyfaMvuOEHUqabuIFvXxJobke}, 40639: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine the potatoes, feta, anejo, salt, and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Toss to mix, and distribute the mixture evenly in a shallow ovenproof casserole, glass or earthenware. Pour the cream over the top and preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nHalve the ancho chile lengthwise and scrape out the seeds, being careful to keep the two halves intact. Push the two halves of pepper into the potatoes so that they are secure, like 2 little bowls, and fill each with an equal amount of the remaining olive oil. Bake the dish for 1 to 1 14 hours, or until the potatoes are tender. When serving, spoon a little of the hot pepper oil over the surface of the dish and scatter with some of the sliced green onions., ingredients: [2 12 to 3 pounds boiling potatoes, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 14 pound feta cheese, crumbled, 14 pound anejo cheese, cut into 14inch dice, 1 12 teaspoons coarse sea salt, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup heavy cream or milk, 1 ancho pepper, stemmed, 3 green onions, dark green parts only, thinly sliced on the diagonal], title: Arequipena Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 40640: {instructions: In a large bowl whisk together all ingredients except cabbage season to taste with salt and pepper. Add cabbage and toss to combine. Chill, covered, for at least 6 hours or overnight., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 4 teaspoons cider vinegar, 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon brown mustard, 2 teaspoons drained horseradish, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon celery seed, Salt and fresh black pepper, 5 cups shredded cabbage], title: Coleslaw, picturelink: null}, 40641: {instructions: Rinse the chicken, cut off any excess fat and pat dry with paper towels. Sprinkle the chicken with 12 teaspoon of the salt and the pepper. Using a sharp knife, score the chicken, especially in fibrous parts of the meat. Use the point of the knife to poke small holes in the chicken, then cut the chicken in bitesize 1 12inch pieces.nIn a mixing bowl combine the chicken, sake, garlic, ginger, sesame oil, soy sauce and the remaining 12 teaspoon salt. Mix well, rubbing the marinade into the chicken. Marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator.nAdd the egg slowly to the chicken while mixing with your hands. Add the cornstarch and lightly toss to coat the chicken. In a medium saucepan heat the vegetable oil over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer reads 335 degrees F. Fry the chicken, a few pieces at a time, until golden brown, about 10 minutes the internal temperature of the meat should be 165 degrees F. Shake off any excess grease. Cool and reserve the oil for another use. Plate the chicken and garnish with lemon wedges to serve., ingredients: [12 ounces boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon sake, 1 teaspoon grated garlic, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon usukuchi soy sauce, 1 egg, beaten, 3 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 cups vegetable oil, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Japanese Fried Chicken Chicken Karaage, picturelink: null}, 40642: {instructions: Special equipment: A steamer or steamer basket Cheesecloth or paper towel String hopper press, see Cooks Note  12 thatu, see Cooks NotenIn a large stainless steel pot combine the coconut milk and 3 cups water. Whisk in the tamarind pulp. Over high heat, bring the mixture to a boil, then remove from the heat. Add the saffron and steep for 15 minutes. Strain the mixture and reserve liquid for later.nMelt the unsalted butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onions and saute for 5 minutes until soft and just beginning to brown. Add the Thai chiles, Sambhar Spice Mix, ground coriander, ground cumin, curry powder, and turmeric powder. Stir to combine, reduce heat to low and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes to bring out the flavor of the spices. Add the remaining 4 cups water, channa dal, potatoes and tomatoes and cook until tender, but not mushy, about 18 to 20 minutes.nAdd the reserved coconuttamarind liquid and simmer for 5 minutes. Serve warm and garnish with the cilantro leaves.nIn a heavy skillet, over very low heat, dry roast the channa and urad dahl, stiring constantly, for 5 to 8 minutes. See Cooks Note. Remove the dal from skillet and set aside to cool.nIncrease the heat to medium high, add the coriander seeds, cumin seeds, black peppercorns, fenugreek seeds and dried chilies to the skillet, stirring constantly. Toast the spices until they release their aroma, about 3 minutes. Grind the dal to a powder in a spice grinder or coffee grinder. Grind the toasted spices to a powder. Combine the dal, ground spices and turmeric powder. Store in a tightly sealed jar.nLine a steamer with several layers of cheesecloth and fill with the allpurpose flour. Steam for 45 minutes. Spread the steamed flour on a baking sheet to cool. Combine the steamed flour, rice flour, and salt in a large bowl.nMake a well in the center of the flour and add the hot water. Mix with a spoon until you can gather the dough together into a ball. On a clean surface, knead the dough lightly for 2 to 3 minutes Press the dough through the hopper press onto the thatu. Place 6 filled thatu in the steamer and steam for 5 to 8 minutes. While they are steaming fill the remaining thatu with dough, then steam., ingredients: [27 ounces coconut milk 2 tins, 3 cups water, plus 4 cups, 4 ounces tamarind pulp, Pinch saffron, 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 medium onions, sliced about 12 pound, 3 Thai chiles, chopped, 2 tablespoons Sambhar Spice Mix, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon turmeric powder, 2 cups channa dal, see Cooks Note, 2 Yukon gold potatoes, cubed, 3 tomatoes, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Serving suggestions: String Hoppers, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons channa dal, see Cooks Note, 2 teaspoons urad dal, see Cooks Note, 4 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 8 dried chilies, 12 teaspoon turmeric powder, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup toasted rice flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups hot water], title: Sambhar, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 40643: {instructions: Shape meat into 4 patties. Cook in dressing in large skillet on mediumhigh heat 10 to 12 min. or until done 160F, turning after 5 min.nTop with VELVEETA and bacon cover skillet with lid. Cook 1 to 2 min. or until VELVEETA begins to melt.nFor added freshness, serve each burger with crisp leaf lettuce.nServe in whole wheat hamburger buns.nServe with bagged lettuce greens tossed with cutup fresh vegetables. Top with your favorite KRAFT Light Dressing, such as Ranch.nServing Suggestion:., ingredients: [1 lb. extra lean ground beef, 2 Tbsp. KRAFT Light House Italian Dressing, 14 lb. 4 oz. VELVEETA 2 Milk Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 4 slices, 4 tsp. OSCAR MAYER Bacon Pieces], title: VELVEETABacon Burgers, picturelink: null}, 40644: {instructions: Prepare leeks by blanching in a pot of boiling water for 1 minute. Remove to an ice bath to chill. Set aside. When chilled, drain leeks.nPlace oil in a deepfryer or fill a large, heavybottomed pan no more than halfway full with oil heat oil to 350 degrees F.nIn a shallow bowl, stir together hot sauce and egg. Season chicken with House Seasoning and then dredge in egg mixture. Coat chicken in selfrising flour.nWhen oil is at 350 degrees F, carefully place chicken into hot oil and deepfry for 7 to 8 minutes. Remove chicken with tongs and drain on paper towels. Spread each slice of bread with mayonnaise and place chicken drumette in center. Fold bread around chicken and tie with a leek strip. Have extra hot sauce for dipping.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl. Place in a shaker for future use., ingredients: [3 fresh leeks, sliced lengthwise, cleaned very well, Peanut oil, for frying, 1 cup hot sauce recommended: Texas Pete, plus more for dipping, 1 egg, well beaten, 6 chicken drumettes, House Seasoning, recipe follows, Selfrising flour, 6 slices white bread, crust trimmed, Mayonnaise, 1 cup salt, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup black pepper], title: MiniHandle Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 40645: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTake baby beets and cut them in half. Place on a long sheet of aluminum foil. Split shallots lengthwise, leaving them unpeeled, and add to foil. Drizzle with extra virgin olive oil, marjoram, thyme, and oregano leaves and season with salt and pepper. Fold foil into a packet and roast in oven until fork tender and nicely caramelized, about 30 minutes.nIn saute pan, cook pancetta until crisp.nMeanwhile refrigerate goat cheese so it is easier to break up over the salad later.nToss the bread chunks with 1u20444 cup oil until the bread is wet with the oil. Spread the bread on a baking sheet and bake until the bread begins to brown, about 10 minutes.nWhile the bread is going, make the dressing. In a large mixing bowl, add the honey, lemon juice, orange juice, balsamic vinegar, 4 tablespoons oil, salt, pepper, and stir together. Add all the remaining ingredients except arugula and gently stir. Taste for seasoning. Remove beets and bread from oven, peel shallots, and add to bowl. Stir together and season with salt and pepper. Add pancetta and arugula., ingredients: [2 bunches mixture red and gold baby beets, 3 shallots, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 sprigs marjoram, thyme, and oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices pancetta, sliced into small pieces, 1 log goat cheese, refrigerated, 1 loaf Italian bread, cut into croutonsized pieces, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 orange, juiced, 1 handful dates, 1 large handful arugula], title: Winter Panzanella, picturelink: lxyeoYW7oMY7upj26ZiS1a6cn4kmjaW}, 40646: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Butter a 9inch round cake pan and line the bottom and sides with almonds.nWith an electric mixer at low speed, beat cream cheese until soft and smooth. With machine running, add sugar, cinnamon, lemon zest, and juice, beating well between additions. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. To ensure even mixing, be sure to scrape down the bowl between additions. Fold in the chopped chocolate evenly.nPour batter into lined cake pan. Tap it 3 or 4 times on the counter to eliminate air pockets. Place inside a larger pan and pour in boiling water until it rises halfway up the sides of the cake pan. Bake about 45 minutes, until center feels firm when pressed.nSet aside to cool on a rack, then refrigerate 2 to 3 hours. To unmold, place pan over a low burner about 2 minutes. Invert onto a platter, then invert again the nuts should be on the bottom. The cake can be kept in the refrigerator up to 2 days. At least two or up to eight hours before serving, top with the melted chocolate: Dip your fingers or a fork into the melted chocolate and drizzle over the center in a freeform pattern. Refrigerate until serving time., ingredients: [3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 2 12 pounds cream cheese, softened, 1 cup, plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 eggs, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped], title: Chocolate Chip Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 40647: {instructions: To make the gingercarrot puree: In a small saucepot, combine the carrots, ginger, stock, and season with salt, and pepper. Bring to a simmer, and cook until carrots are soft. Strain the mixture, reserving the liquid. Puree the carrots in a blender using orange juice and cooking liquid to correct or adjust the consistency. Season the mixture with orange zest, salt, and pepper. Keep warm until ready to serve.nTo make the red pepper coulis: In a medium saute pan, heat the oil and begin to sweat the onions, add the red peppers, and cook until softened. Add the wine and simmer to reduce until dry. Add the stock and cook until the mixture is reduced by half. Strain, reserving liquid. Puree the peppers and add the liquid bit by bit to create a smooth puree. Season the coulis with salt, and pepper, to taste. Mix in the chopped parsley, and set aside.nTo make the salmon: Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and let heat. Season the salmon with salt, pepper, and paprika and sear until almost cooked through, about 7 minutes. Turn over the fillets and cook them 2 minutes more.nTo serve the salmon, cover each plate with 12 of the gingercarrot puree and 12 of the red pepper coulis and top with a salmon filet. Serve with Asparagus, Fennel, and Corn Saute.nHeat a medium saute pan over high heat. When the pan is hot, add the butter and let slightly brown. Add the asparagus, corn, and fennel, and toss to heat through. Taste, and then season with salt, and pepper, if necessary., ingredients: [2 carrots, peeled and mediumdiced, 1 teaspoon peeled and thinly sliced fresh ginger, 2 cups vegetable stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 2 red peppers, stemmed, seeded, and diced, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup vegetable stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 6ounce Atlantic salmon fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, Asparagus, Fennel and Corn Saute, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 stalks asparagus, blanched, and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 ear sweet corn, kernels removed, 14 cup fennel, julienned, and blanched, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Paprika Seared Salmon with CarrotGinger Puree and Red Pepper Coulis, picturelink: pDi2xfrh7F8mtuP34uTqZMJ4.nVPNTK}, 40648: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Set a wire rack over a baking sheet.nSpread the brown sugar on a plate. Coat the bacon on both sides of with the brown sugar, pressing to adhere. Lay the slices on the rack.nBake until dark brown and almost completely crisp the bacon will continue to crisp as it cools, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to cool. Crumble or chop before using., ingredients: [12 cup light brown sugar, 6 slices bacon, halved crosswise], title: Candied Bacon, picturelink: null}, 40649: {instructions: Form rose shape with 6 slices of smoked salmon. Place dollop of creme fraiche on toast points. Top creme fraiche with salmon rose. Fill center of the rose with caviar. Garnish with chives., ingredients: [12 pound thinly sliced smoked salmon, 14 cup creme fraiche, 6 toast points thinly sliced, toasted bread with crusts removed, 6 chives, cut into 1inch pieces], title: Knockout Canapes of Caviar and Smoked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 40650: {instructions: Peel the eggplant and slice it crosswise 12inch thick. Sprinkle both sides of each slice lightly with salt, arrange in 1 layer on paper towels and let drain for 30 minutes.nIn a large skillet heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderate heat add as many slices as will fit in 1 layer and brown on both sides. Repeat the procedure with 4 tablespoons of the remaining oil and the remaining eggplant. Drain the eggplant as they are cooked on paper towels.nAdd the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and the onion to the skillet and cook until the onions are brown. Add the ground meat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the meat is no longer pink. Combine the tomato paste with the wine, parsley, and cinnamon. Add this mixture to the skillet and simmer over low heat, stirring often, until all the liquid has evaporated. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a sauce pan, over low heat, melt the butter, add the flour and whisk for 5 minutes. Turn up the heat to moderate and add the milk in a stream, whisking. Simmer for 5 minutes, add salt and pepper, to taste, and remove from the heat. Cool slightly and stir in the eggs, nutmeg, and ricotta.nGrease and 11 by 16inch pan and sprinkle the bottom lightly with bread crumbs. Arrange alternating layers of eggplant and meat sauce in the pan, sprinkling each layer with Parmesan and bread crumbs. Pour the egg sauce over the top and bake one hour in a preheat 350 degree oven, or until top is golden. Let cool twenty minutes before slicing., ingredients: [3 medium eggplants, 8 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 onions, chopped, 2 pounds ground lamb, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 cup red wine, 12 cup chopped parsley, Pinch cinnamon, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 quart whole milk, heated, 4 large eggs, beaten, Pinch nutmeg, 2 cups ricotta, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Moussaka a la Grecque, picturelink: null}, 40651: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut all ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth.nPer Serving: Calories 240 Total Fat 0 g Sat Fat 0 g, Mono Fat 0 g, Poly Fat 0 g  Protein 12 g Carb 49 g Fiber 3 g Cholesterol 5 mg Sodium 150 mg Excellent source of: Protein, Vitamin C, Calcium, Good source of: Iodine, Phosphorus, Fiber, Vitamin A, Riboflavin, ingredients: [12 cup nonfat or 1 percent lowfat milk, 12 cup nonfat plain yogurt, 1 cup frozen unsweetened peaches, 1 tablespoon honey, plus more to taste, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch ground nutmeg, Pinch ground ginger], title: Peach Pie Smoothie, picturelink: jiCSRsZrc7nHRpwd3emArKZra9Aym6}, 40652: {instructions: For the rice: Bring 1 12 cups stock, 1 tablespoon oil, and lime zest to a boil. Add the rice, stir, reduce heat to mediumlow to simmer, and cover. Cook 15 to 16 minutes, and then stir in the lime juice and chives. Turn off the heat and fluff the rice. Keep covered and warm on the stove until ready to serve.nFor the chicken: Meanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. When the oil smokes, add the chicken and season with black pepper. Brown evenly, and then remove to a plate. To the skillet, add chile, ginger, garlic, and red bell pepper and stir fry for 2 minutes. Return the chicken to the pan. Stir together the hoisin, marmalade, tamari and remaining 12 cup chicken stock. Add to the pan and reduce over high heat for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the peanuts and scallions. Turn off the heat.nServe the chicken over rice in shallow bowls and garnish with cilantro, if desired., ingredients: [2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons canola or peanut oil, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 1 cup long grain rice, 14 cup chopped chives, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs or tenders, diced or thinly sliced, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 chile pepper, thinly sliced, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, grated or minced, 2 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced or grated, 1 large red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced or diced, 13 cup hoisin sauce, 13 cup orange marmalade, 2 tablespoons tamari sauce or lowsodium soy sauce, 12 cup unsalted dry roasted peanuts, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, Chopped cilantro, for garnish, optional], title: Asian Barbecued Chicken Stir Fry with Peanuts and Rice, picturelink: HMO.nX8HkeLyBUD..QyVZbrM7qcC3IS}, 40653: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks, onions, carrots cover and cook 5 minutes or until tender. Add the curry powder, sugar, ginger, garlic and lemongrass cook 1 minute, stirring constantly.nPlace the onion mixture in a 5quart electric slow cooker. Pour in the vegetable broth. Stir in the chickpeas and coconut milk. Add salt and pepper to taste. Cover and cook on low for 4 hours. Serve with rice., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup chopped leeks, 12 cup chopped onions, 1 cup sliced carrots 14 inch thick, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon grated peeled fresh ginger, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup chopped lemongrass or 14 cup lemon juice, One 14ounce can vegetable broth, 3 cups cooked chickpeas canned garbanzo beans will work, One 13.5ounce can fullfat coconut milk, 12 teaspoon salt or to taste, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper or to taste, Steamed rice, for serving], title: Kardeas Curry Coconut and Lemongrass Chickpea Soup, picturelink: ukD730KJR7njVza9p8h9q633q1kDGsO}, 40654: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nToast the coriander and fennel seeds in small pan over a medium flame, shaking every 30 seconds so they dont burn. Once theyve given off a lovely aroma and have turned a darker tone, remove from the hot pan and cool completely on a plate. Then throw them into your spice grinder and grind to a fine powder.nMix the spices with the yogurt, tomato paste, ginger, garlic, hot sauce, brown sugar, salt, a healthy few grinds of freshly ground black pepper, apple cider vinegar, and oil. Taste and season according to your palate.nCover each chop with the marinade, rubbing it into the meat and fat. You can marinate overnight, a few hours, or just 30 minutes. Ive done all three and it tastes great every way.nBake the chops in a 9 by 13inch baking dish until the lamb is cooked to mediumrare, or to your liking, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to rest, tented with foil, for about 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons coriander seeds, 1 12 teaspoons fennel seeds, 14 cup plain yogurt, 14 cup tomato paste, 4 teaspoons finely grated ginger, 4 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 teaspoon hot sauce or as much hot sauce as you like. I like it mild, so you may want more recommended: Sriracha, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 4 teaspoons vegetable or canola oil, 8 1 14inch thick lamb loin chops], title: Spicy Sticky Lamb Chops, picturelink: u1SlGJ1Ubronb4lZ3zFdybpZJPE52}, 40655: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: fifteen 8inch bamboo skewersnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the butter, brown sugar, salt, cayenne and bourbon in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisking constantly, cook until the butter has melted and the mixture has formed a smooth sauce, about 8 minutes.nSpread the bacon out on a small baking sheet and bake for 8 to 10 minutes, just to begin to render the fat. Set aside.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the Brussels sprouts and simmer until just barely tender and still bright green, 5 minutes. Remove the Brussels sprouts to a baking sheet to cool slightly. Slice each Brussels sprout in half.nPreheat a grill pan over medium heat, and spray with nonstick cooking spray.nAssemble the skewers: Start by threading a Brussels sprout half onto a skewer, then add a piece of bacon, then another Brussels sprout, followed by another piece of bacon, and finishing with a Brussels sprout. Repeat in this way until all of the skewers are assembled. Brush the skewers lightly with bourbon glaze.nPlace the skewers on the prepared grill pan and grill, brushing them with glaze with every turn, until the bacon is beginning to crisp and the Brussels sprouts are starting to char, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove to a serving platter and serve warm, drizzled with any remaining glaze., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 23 cup bourbon, 1 pound slab bacon, cut into 1inch cubes, 15 small Brussels sprouts, trimmed about 12 pound, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Bacon Bourbon Brussels Sprout Skewers, picturelink: owmbqvSEp8Jbkbz4b30F7vn8IrNHuO}, 40656: {instructions: Tie the filet of beef with butcher twine at 12inch intervals. Rub the filet well with salt and pepper. Rub the filet with the olive oil. Combine the ground coffee, cocoa powder and cinnamon and mix well. Spread the mixture over a work surface and roll the filet in the mixture to evenly coat the beef. Allow to marinate approximately 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 400 Degrees F.nPlace the filet on a roasting rack in a roasting pan. Roast the filet for 10 minutes. Immediately lower the heat to 250 degrees F. After 20 minutes, check the internal temperature of the filet 125 degrees F for medium rare or 135 degrees F for medium. If further cooking is necessary, return the beef to the oven still set at 250 degrees F and slowly roast to the desired temperature. Remove the filet from the oven and keep warm. Before carving, remove the string.nSlice the filet into 14inch thick slices. Spoon some of the Creamy White Grits with Bitter Greens and Wild Mushrooms in the center of each dinner plate. Arrange the slices of filet around the grits. Ladle some of the Pasilla Chile Broth over the filet. Garnish with watercress sprigs.nIn a heavy bottomed 2 quart pot, bring the water to a boil. Add the salt. Add the grits while stirring. Bring the water back to a boil. Lower the heat to a very low simmer. Cover the pot but stir every 2 to 3 minutes until the grits are thick. The grits will take approximately 20 minutes to cook. If the grits become to thick, add a little water to adjust the consistency.nIn a skillet over medium high heat, melt the butter until foaming. Add the chopped onions and garlic. Saute until the onion is translucent. Add the shiitake mushrooms and saute until lightly cooked. Add the greens and briefly saute until wilted. Remove from the heat. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper.nWhen the grits are cooked and ready to serve, stir the greens and mushroom mixture into the grits and keep warm.nHeat a saucepan over medium high heat. Add the butter and saute the onion and garlic cloves until nicely browned. Add the pieces of pasilla chile and tortilla pieces and slowly saute until the ingredients are golden brown. Lower the heat to medium low if necessary. Add the chicken stock. Bring the stock to a boil, then simmer, lightly covered, for approximately10 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. Transfer the ingredients to blender and puree for approximately 1 minute or until smooth. Pass the sauce through a sieve to remove any chunky pieces. Add the cream, salt and brown sugar and blend. The sauce should not be too thick. If too thick, add some addition chicken stock or water to correct to a light consistency. Reserve until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 pound filet of beef preferably cut from the large end of the whole filet, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely ground coffee beans, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Creamy White Grits with Bitter Greens and Wild Mushrooms, recipe follows, Pasilla Chile Broth, recipe follows, Watercress sprigs, cleaned and rinsed, 4 cups water, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 4 cups coarse white grits, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 yellow onion, minced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 34 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, and caps cut into quarters, 4 ounces arugula or other bitter greens, roughly chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 large white onion, roughly chopped 8 ounces, 4 to 8 garlic whole cloves, peeled, 2 pasilla chiles approximately 12ounce, stemmed, seeded, and torn into large pieces, 1 thick white corn tortilla approximately 34ounce, 2 12 cups chicken stock, 14 cup cream, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon brown sugar], title: Filet of Beef Roasted with Coffee Beans, Pasilla Chile Broth and Creamy White Grits with Greens and Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 40657: {instructions: Stir the cider, cinnamon sticks, ginger, cloves and nutmeg together in a pot over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer until reduced by half, about 30 minutes. Set aside to cool, then strain.nIn a large bowl, toss the apples, lemon juice and sugar. Add to the cider and refrigerate until chilled. When ready to serve the cocktails, fill champagne flutes about halfway with the cider mixture and top with the cava. Stir and serve.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 quart apple cider, 3 cinnamon sticks, 1 knob fresh ginger, smashed, 3 whole cloves, Pinch of nutmeg, 1 firm red apple such as Rome, Fuji or Gala, cut into small cubes, 1 firm green apple such as Granny Smith, cut into small cubes, Juice of 2 lemons, 14 cup sugar, 1 750ml bottle dry cava or other dry sparkling wine], title: Mulled Apple Cider Cocktails, picturelink: 5G5Yl8y0kL.xddLYmRghBtzvCkLzrz2}, 40658: {instructions: Make the tamale dough: Place the lard in the bowl of a stand mixer and beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the masa harina and beat 2 minutes. Add the baking powder and 1 12 teaspoons salt continue beating until incorporated, about 5 minutes. Add the hot broth and continue beating until the dough is soft and fluffy it should pull away from the side of the bowl easily. Cover with a damp kitchen towel and let sit about 10 minutes.nPlace the corn husks in a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until softened, about 8 minutes. Drain.nMake the filling: Roast the poblanos over the flame of a gas burner, turning, until charred, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let cool. Peel the poblanos with your fingers and discard the stems and seeds, then coarsely chop. Melt the butter in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, corn and poblanos and cook 2 more minutes. Add the crema when it starts bubbling, reduce the heat to low and stir in the cheese until melted. Season with salt and set aside to cool.nTear 4 corn husks into 12inchthick strips to use as ties set aside. Assemble the tamales: Hold an open corn husk in one hand spread about 2 tablespoons dough on the husk, leaving a 1 12inch border on all sides. Spoon 1 tablespoon of the filling down the center, then fold in the long sides of the husk to cover the filling and fold up the narrow short end leave the wide end open. Tie a strip of corn husk around the tamale to hold the folded flaps in place. Repeat to make 12 tamales.nPlace the tamales, openside up, in a steamer basket set in a large pot. Add enough water to cover the bottom of the pot by several inches, but not enough to touch the tamales. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low cover the pot with a kitchen towel and a lid and steam until firm, 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes, adding more water to the pot if needed. The tamales should pull away from the husks without sticking if theyre still sticky, continue cooking. Let stand at least 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Dave Lauridsen, ingredients: [1 cup plus 1 tablespoon lard, 2 14 cups masa harina instant corn flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Salt, 1 14 cups homemade chicken broth, hot, 16 big unbroken dried corn husks, For the filling:, 2 small poblano chile peppers, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup coarsely chopped white onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 ear of corn, kernels removed, 14 cup Mexican crema, 14 cup shredded Oaxaca or monterey jack cheese], title: Rajas con Queso Mini Tamales, picturelink: Mum4U2JKCGYKnrlffynb8rbJIkDK04K}, 40659: {instructions: In a blender, add tequila, orangeflavored liqueur, citrus juices, lemonade concentrate, sugar if desired and crushed ice if desired or to desired frozen consistency. Blend mixture until smooth and pour into salted glasses. Serve and good drinking, ingredients: [2 parts tequila, 1 part orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, Splash lemon juice, Splash lime juice, 1 part lemonade concentrate, Pinch sugar, optional, Kosher salt], title: Margaritas, picturelink: dxFHk2qRnGSXoaePJFZGqgp6YRuufa}, 40660: {instructions: Remove the skin from the chicken and pull the meat from the bones. Discard the skin and bones.nChop the chicken and put it into a medium bowl. Add the celery, scallions, walnuts, tarragon, and mayonnaise mix thoroughly. If the mixture is not creamy enough, add more mayonnaise. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour to let the flavors meld.nSlice the mini pitas in half, open the pockets, and stuff with a heaping tablespoon of chicken mixture., ingredients: [1 store bought roasted chicken, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon leaves, 23 cup mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 15 mini pita breads], title: Creamy Chicken Mini Pitas, picturelink: null}, 40661: {instructions: Lay the out the prosciutto in 4 pairs of 2 pieces that are partially overlapping lengthwise. In a bowl toss the watercress with the oil, salt, and pepper. Divide the watercress equally in mounds placed at the end of the prosciutto slices. Wrap the prosciutto around the watercress and roll them up as tight as possible without bruising the watercress. Set aside. Slicing against the grain cut the beef into 8 equal slices. Lay each piece between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and lightly pound into tender thin pieces with a mallet or the side of a heavy knife or a wine bottle with cork in it.nLay 2 pieces on each of the 4 salad plates. Drizzle the meat with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Place a roll of the prosciutto and watercress next to the beef. Place 1 2ounce spoonful of the fresh goat cheese nestled between the beef and roulade. Garnish with the apple slices., ingredients: [8 thin slices prosciutto, 1 bunch watercress, may substitute arugula, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 pound beef fillet, well trimmed of fat and silver skin, 14 cup blood orange infused olive oil recommended: O brand, Salt and pepper, 12 pound fresh goat cheese, 1 apple, quartered, peeled, and then sliced lengthwise in 4 to 5 thin slices], title: Beef Carpaccio with Prosciutto, Watercress, Goat Cheese, and Blood Orange Oil, picturelink: null}, 40662: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the jalapeno slices to the dry skillet and cook until just starting to blacken. Set aside to cool.nMix together the sour cream, cumin, cayenne pepper, green onions, cooled jalapenos and 2 12 cups of the grated Cheddar in a bowl.nUsing tongs, char the tortillas one at a time for 5 to 10 seconds per side, then dunk each tortilla in the Enchilada Sauce. Lay a tortilla on a plate, then spoon a good 2 to 3 tablespoons of the sour cream mixture in the middle. Roll the tortilla, then place it seamside down in a 9by13inch baking pan. Repeat with the remaining tortillas and sour cream mixture.nCover the dish with the remaining 1 12 cups cheese, then bake until bubbly, 15 to 20 minutes. Sprinkle with extra green onions and serve immediately.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the peppers, onions and garlic and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the chili powder, cumin, cayenne, bouillon cubes and some salt and pepper and cook for 2 minutes. Add the flour and cook for another minute. Add the stock and stir to combine. Add the tomato sauce and 3 cups water and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer and cook until reduced by onethird, about 20 minutes.nLet the mixture cool slightly, then transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. When blending hot liquids, first let cool for 5 minutes or so, then transfer to a blender, filling only halfway. Put the lid on, leaving one corner open this will prevent the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Cover the lid with a kitchen towel to catch splatters and pulse until smooth.nThe sauce will keep in the refrigerator for up to a week and can also be frozen., ingredients: [One 12ounce jar jalapeno slices, drained, 2 cups sour cream, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 green onions, sliced, plus more for sprinkling, 4 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 18 corn tortillas, Enchilada Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped red bell peppers, 12 cup finely chopped onions, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 4 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 beef, chicken or tomato bouillon cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock, Two 15ounce cans tomato sauce], title: Cheese Enchiladas, picturelink: I6zgJykD6NMd4rviu5qESdk0s02HU2}, 40663: {instructions: Wash and pat dry the mushrooms. Saute all mushrooms in 1 teaspoon of oil until cooked, add fresh herbs and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Set aside, when cool add flour, beaten egg, and chopped fresh herbs. Stir to combine well. Add about 3 tablespoons of oil onto the skillet and drop spoonfuls of mushroom batter about 3 inches into the oil. Fry, turning once, until both sides are lightly golden. Add more oil, if necessary, to fry the remaining batter. Please note because different flour absorbs different amounts of liquid you may need to add more flour., ingredients: [12 cup chopped white mushrooms, 12 cup chopped chanterelle mushrooms, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, plus more for cooking pancakes, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 teaspoon fresh chopped thyme leaves, 6 fresh basil leaves, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mushroom Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 40664: {instructions: Mix 1 tablespoon soy sauce and 2 teaspoons each rice wine, cornstarch and water in a medium bowl. Add the chicken and toss cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nWhisk the remaining 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine and 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch, the sugar, chili oil and 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl.nHeat 2 tablespoons peanut oil in a wok or large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and stirfry 30 seconds. Transfer to a plate.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon peanut oil in the skillet. Add the garlic, ginger, scallion whites and precut vegetables stirfry until the vegetables are crisptender, 5 minutes. Add the chicken and peanuts and stirfry until the chicken is cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir the soy saucechili oil mixture, add to the skillet and cook until the sauce thickens, 30 seconds. Serve over rice and top with the scallion greens.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 3 12 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 14 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into small chunks, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons Asian chili oil or sesame oil, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 1 12inch piece ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 bunches scallions whites cut into 12inch pieces, greens sliced, 4 cups precut stirfry vegetables, 12 cup cocktail peanuts, Cooked rice, for serving optional], title: Kung Pao Chicken, picturelink: v9BWr5kfukWFEHkBXYS1qcif.wYAgeK}, 40665: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a small saucepan simmer tomatoes, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, and cayenne, stirring 5 minutes.nIn a bowl drizzle butter over bread squares and toss to coat. Divide bread squares and toss to coat. Divide bread squares between four 1cup souffle dishes or custard cups and top each serving with a quarter of tomato mixture.nBake tomato puddings in middle of oven for 20 minutes, ingredients: [2 14 12 ounce cans stewed tomatoes including liquid, 3 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Pinch of cayenne, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 8 slices about 38inch thick homemadestyle white bread, crusts discarded, cut into 34inch squares], title: Savory Tomato Bread Puddings, picturelink: null}, 40666: {instructions: In a bowl, beat eggs with freshly grated cheese before tossing with leftover spaghetti. Make sure the spaghetti is fully covered with the egg. Add a dash or two of salt, to taste, noting that the leftover spaghetti is already seasoned with salt.nHeat the olive oil in a saucepan. To test oil temperature, drop a piece of spaghetti into the pan. If it sizzles upon contact, the oil is ready.nPour the spaghetti mixture into the pan and flatten it out like a pancake. Fry for 2 minutes on high heat, or until golden brown.nTo flip the pasta, cover the pan with a plate larger than the pan, and hold it covered. Flip the pan and plate together to transfer the pasta onto the plate, then slide the uncooked portion back into pan and continue cooking for another 2 minutes, or until golden brown.nRemove the pizza pasta from the pan and place it on a plate lined with a paper towel to absorb the excess oil. Serve warm or cold., ingredients: [2 eggs, Freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, 23 pound leftover spaghetti with sauce, Salt, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil], title: Pizza Pasta, picturelink: null}, 40667: {instructions: Put herbs in a teapot and add boiling water. Let steep 3 minutes before serving.nCooks note: The measurements of the herbs are flexible depending on the freshness and strength of the herbs, you may need to add or subtract., ingredients: [1 cup fresh mint, lemon balm, or lemon verbena or 14 cup fresh lemon thyme plus 3 leaves spearmint, 1 quart boiling water], title: Herbal Tea, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 40668: {instructions: Using a rubber spatula, press avocados through a sieve into a large bowl. Add sherry and 12 cup sugar stir to combine. In a medium bowl, whip cream with remaining 12 cup sugar until soft peaks form. Fold whipped cream into avocado mixture. Divide between 6 meringue shells. Top with 1 or more of the garnishes, if desired.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and lightly butter set aside. Place egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Beat in medium speed until soft peaks begin to form. Add food coloring. Gradually add granulated sugar, and beat until stiff, but not dry. Slowly add confectioners sugar, and fold in with a rubber spatula. Transfer meringue mixture to a large pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. Pipe the meringue into 3inch round disks. Add 2 layers of meringue around the edges to form a shell. Transfer to oven, and bake until dry, 1 12 to 2 hours. Remove from oven and carefully remove the meringues from the parchment paper. Transfer to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [4 avocados, diced, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 1 cup superfine sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 6 Meringue Shells, recipe follows, Toasted pumpkin seeds coarsely ground, for garnish, Avocado Powder, for garnish optional, Blackberries, for garnish optional, Unsalted butter, for parchment paper, 1 cup egg whites 5 to 6 large eggs, 1 drop liquid red food coloring, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Avocado Mousse in Meringue, picturelink: null}, 40669: {instructions: In a heavy bottom pot, bring 5 cups of water and sea salt to a boil. Mix together the remaining 3 12 cups of water and corn grits in a bowl. When the pot of water comes to a boil, add the cornmeal mixture and stir quickly and continuously until the entire mixture is well blended. Add the roasted garlic paste. Reduce the heat so that the polenta is at a low simmer, stirring frequently. Continue to do so until the polenta pulls away from the pot about 35 minutes. Pour the polenta into a baking sheet to cool. Cut into desired shape squares for the Napoleon and pan fry in olive oil until golden in color.nTo build the Polenta Napoleon:nPlace a bed of smoky greens on the plate and top with a polenta square. Top the square with a ladle of rosemaryscented white beans. Top the beans with another polenta square. Decorate the plate with roasted carrot sauce., ingredients: [8 12 cups spring water, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 2 12 cups yellow corn grits, 2 heads roasted garlic, removed from cloves and creamed into a paste, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Roasted Garlic Polenta, picturelink: null}, 40670: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nButter 2 mini muffin tins, or use 1 tin and bake in 2 batches. In a small saucepan, melt the butter over low heat. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine the oats, coconut, walnuts, and flour and mix. Stir the honey into the melted butter and bring to a boil, stirring often. Pour the butter mixture over the dry ingredients and mix well. Press 1 heaping tablespoon of the mixture into each mini muffin cup. Bake until just beginning to brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately press a walnut half on top of each honey bunch. Let cool 10 minutes in the pan, then transfer to a wire rack and cool completely. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, 1 12 cups quick cooking rolled oats, 12 cup flaked sweetened coconut, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 23 cup honey, 24 walnut halves], title: Honey Bunches, picturelink: FFGVqI.mx5XYFG2fDnXSSzyMcWW}, 40671: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Lay uncooked bacon on a baking sheet and bake until crisp. Get the salad ready for the adults.nMeanwhile for the kids, remove the crusts from half of the bread and spread the bread with some peanut butter and top with either raisins, cranberries or slices of banana. Youll have 2 closed sandwiches which you should then cut into squares or triangles to create smaller bite sized pieces.nFor the adults, layer their bread with mozzarella and top with anchovies or capers and basil.nHeat two skillets until warm, one with butter for the kids portion, the other with olive oil for the adults. Gently cook some garlic in the adults portion as the oil is heating up.nDip the adults and kids sandwiches in the egg and let it soak up. Saute the kids portion in butter and the adults in olive oil saute until crisp and warm drain briefly on paper towels.nServe kids stuffed sandwiches with bacon and adults with salad., ingredients: [4 slices turkey bacon, for the kids, Mesclun salad dressed with vinaigrette, for the adults, 8 slices quality whole wheat bread, 13 cup peanut butter, for kids, 2 tablespoons plumped up raisins, dried cranberries or sliced bananas, for kids, Slices of fresh mozzarella, for adults, Anchovies, capers and torn basil, for adults, 3 to 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic], title: Stuffed Sauteed Sandwiches, Two Ways, picturelink: null}, 40672: {instructions: Slice fennel bulb 18inch, use feathery leaves for garnish. Combine for a marinade: Balsamic vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, juice of orange and lemon, salt and pepper. Place sliced fennel in marinade for 1 hour. Fry in pan with the remaining 14 cup olive oil. Place 4 grilled fennel pieces on plate. Spoon 3 large tablespoons of the DAbrigini on top of grilled fennel. Garnish with feathery leaves of fennel., ingredients: [3 bulbs fresh fennel, Salt and pepper, 18 cup Balsamic vinegar, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Juice of 12 orange, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Grilled Fennel, picturelink: null}, 40673: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put a sheet tray in the oven to preheat.nWash and trim the chicken legs of any excess fat. Mix the garlic, rosemary and panko together in a shallow rimmed dish and season well with salt and pepper. Alternately, crush the garlic and rosemary with some olive oil and salt in a mortar and pestle.nCrack the eggs into a similar dish, add the milk and whisk to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. In another dish add the flour and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTake the chicken legs and 1 at a time, dredge in the flour, then the egg wash and then coat well with the rosemarygarlic panko bread crumbs. Lay the chicken legs out on a tray lined with parchment paper, as you work. Refrigerate the legs for about 15 to 20 minutes for the breading to set.nRemove the hot sheet tray from the oven and drizzle with a good amount of olive oil. Arrange the chicken legs carefully on the tray, spacing them out evenly the chicken will sizzle when added to the hot oil. Roast until the chicken legs are golden and crispy, about 35 to 40 minutes Remove the chicken from the oven to a serving platter. Season with salt and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [12 chicken legs, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 stems rosemary, leaves picked and roughly chopped, 4 cups panko bread crumbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, 2 cups milk, 3 cups allpurpose flour, Extravirgin olive oil, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Crispy Baked RosemaryGarlic Chicken Legs, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 40674: {instructions: Combine foie gras, eggs, chicken stock, and salt and pepper in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix until fine then strain into 4 small serving dishes. Steam in dishes for 10 minutes.nIn a small saute pan, sear the duck breast, skin side down for 4 minutes. Remove from the pan, let cool slightly, and slice thinly. Coat both sides of the duck slices with cornstarch.nIn a saucepan, combine dashi broth, mirin, light soy sauce, soy sauce, and sugar and bring to boil. Using cooking chopsticks or tongs, lightly cook the duck breast in boiling teriyaki sauce, maybe 5 seconds per slice. Place 2 or 3 pieces of duck on top of each of the steamed foie gras dishes.nThicken the teriyaki sauce with cornstarch and water, if necessary, and then pour over duck. Finish with wasabi.nWipe the kombu with a damp cloth, then place in a saucepan with water. When the water comes to a boil remove kombu from water. Sprinkle in the bonito flakes and remove saucepan from heat. As soon as the bonito flakes start to sink, strain stock., ingredients: [8 ounces foie gras, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 duck breast, Cornstarch, 7 ounces dashi broth, recipe follows, 1 ounce mirin, 12 ounce light soy sauce, 12 ounce regular soy sauce, 12 ounce sugar, 2 to 3 ounces cornstarch, mixed with water to make a slurry, 2 teaspoons fresh wasabi, 1 1 12inch piece kombu dried kelp, 4 cups water, 14 cup katsuo dried bonito flake], title: Foie Gras Doufu, picturelink: null}, 40675: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCake Preparation:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nOil and flour 8 mini bundt pans. Combine cake mix, water, oil, and eggs in large bowl. Beat for 2 minutes, or until well blended. Divide batter equally among prepared pans. Bake for 20 minutes, or until toothpick inserted near center of cakes comes out clean. Cool cakes in pans on cooling racks for 15 minutes. Invert cakes onto wire rack and cool completely.nFor the Orange Glaze:nHeat cream in small saucepan over medium heat until just simmering remove from heat. Add white morsels and stir until melted and smooth. Stir in food colorings, 1 drop at a time, until desired color is achieved. Drizzle glaze over cakes. Refrigerate cakes for 10 minutes, or until glaze is firm. Cover and reserve any remaining glaze.nFor the Marzipan Stems and Leaves:nPlace marzipan in medium bowl. Using latex gloves, knead food coloring, 1 drop at a time, into marzipan until desired color is achieved. Divide marzipan into 2 equal pieces. Roll 1 marzipan piece into a 12inchlong log. Cut log crosswise into 8 equal pieces set aside to use as stems. Flatten remaining marzipan piece, then place between 2 sheets of plastic wrap. Using rolling pin, roll out marzipan to 14inch thickness. Using a leafshaped cookie cutter or small sharp knife, cut out 24 leaves. Decorate cakes with marzipan stems and leaves. Reheat reserved glaze. Serve cakes, passing glaze alongside., ingredients: [Oil, for pans, Flour, for pans, 1 18.25ounce box spice cake mix, 1 14 cups water, 13 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 23 cup heavy cream, 1 12ounce bag premier white morsels, Red and yellow food coloring, Marzipan Stems and Leaves:, 1 7ounce package marzipan recommended: Odense, Green food coloring], title: Mini Pumpkin Spice Cakes with Orange Glaze, picturelink: XPriCbcpDH3Fe0QugWLBVcTX.J6uKi}, 40676: {instructions: Preheat the oil to 375 degrees F. To a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat, add enough canola oil to reach a depth of 2 inches.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, add the marinara sauce, vodka and heavy cream. Stir to combine and season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to a simmer.nWhen the oil is hot, fry the ravioli in small batches, turning occasionally with a wooden spoon. After the ravioli are golden brown, about 3 minutes, use a slotted spoon to transfer them to a paper towellined plate. Repeat with the remaining ravioli. Serve the ravioli with the vodka dipping sauce as an accompaniment.nIn a large stockpot or Dutch oven over medium heat, add the olive oil and garlic. Saute until the garlic becomes fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the meatloaf mix, half the marinara sauce and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Stir to combine, breaking up any clumps, and gently simmer, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the mixture cool, about 20 minutes. Stir in the ricotta, parsley and peas.nLine a large baking sheet with plastic wrap and spray the plastic wrap with nonstick cooking spray. Place 1 wonton on a cutting board and spoon about 1 tablespoon of the meat mixture into the center of the wonton. Using your finger or a pastry brush, brush some egg white around the perimeter of the wonton and lay another wonton on top. Press the edges together to seal. Place the ravioli on the prepared baking sheet and repeat with the remaining wrappers and filling. Refrigerate until ready to use.nTo a large pot of boiling, salted water, add the ravioli in small batches. When they float, after 2 to 3 minutes, remove them to a plate lined with a clean kitchen towel., ingredients: [Canola oil, 2 cups marinara sauce, 12 cup vodka, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 recipe Big Daddys Ravioli, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 pound ground meatloaf mix veal, pork and beef, 16 ounces your favorite marinara sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup partskim ricotta, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup frozen peas, Nonstick cooking spray, 48 square wonton wrappers, 3 large egg whites, beaten until foamy], title: Fried Ravioli with Vodka Sauce, picturelink: ahf6rXfQqvk4dToM4aG8IuoBcr3FamK}, 40677: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine the crab meat with the bread crumbs. Add the egg white, mayonnaise, sambal, chives, and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Fold the ingredients gently but thoroughly, taking care not to mash the crabmeat. Shape the mixture into 4 uniform patties they should be moist and just hold together.nCoat a skillet with vegetable oil and place over medium heat. Fry the crab cakes until browned, about 4 minutes each side. Serve immediately on a bed of arugula with Brown ButterTomato Vinaigrette.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. When foam subsides, add the shallot and bay leaves. Cook for 1 minute to soften the shallots. Add the remaining butter and continue to cook until the butter begins to brown, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, orange juice, chives, and sherry. Cook for 2 more minutes just to break down the tomatoes. Whisk in the olive oil, season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and serve warm with Crab Cakes., ingredients: [12 ounces Dungeness crabmeat, cooked, 5 ounces fresh sourdough bread crumbs, 1 egg white, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 12 tablespoon sambal, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and pepper, to taste, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 bunch arugula, washed and trimmed, Brown ButterTomato Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 shallot, minced, 2 bay leaves, 4 tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 orange, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon sherry, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 40678: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil, in a heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat, to 360 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mix together the cornbread batter, chili, parsley and baking powder until thoroughly combined.nWorking in batches, so to not over crowd the oil, drop the batter by heaping tablespoons into the hot oil. Fry until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the oil to a plate lined with a paper bag or paper towels, to drain. Transfer to a serving platter and serve with the Spicy Sour Cream Dipping Sauce:nFor Spicy Sour Cream Dipping Sauce:nAdd all the ingredients to a small bowl and stir until well combined., ingredients: [4 cups canola oil, 1 cup leftover cornbread batter from Chili Topped Corn Bites recipe, 34 cup leftover chili from Chili Topped Corn Bites recipe, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons finely chopped chives, 12 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 12 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco], title: Chili Hush Puppies, picturelink: U2rUBAxxBRWT3pcNWNPu2dOjgSOrJhS}, 40679: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nBring a pot of water to a boil, add pasta and salt the water.nWhile the water boils combine ricotta, Parmigiano, parsley and pepperoni in a large bowl and reserve.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat with extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan. When the oil is hot, add the peppers, onions, garlic and mushrooms. Saute 6 to 8 minutes until tender and mushrooms are dark. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper. Stir in tomatoes and reduce heat to low.nAdd a ladle of starchy cooking water to the ricotta just before you drain the pasta. Drain pasta then toss with ricotta and pepperoni mixture. Pour pasta into a baking dish and top evenly with peppers, onion and mushroom sauce. Top with a layer of mozzarella, oregano and red pepper flakes. Place under hot broiler and melt cheese until golden and bubbly. Remove and serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [1 pound pasta curls recommended: campagnelle by Barilla short fusilli or cavatappi twists may be substituted, Salt, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, a couple of handfuls, 12 cup sliced pepperoni, cut into thin strips, Handful parsley, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 green or red bell pepper, seeded, quartered and thinly sliced, 1 onion, quartered then thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 12 crimini mushrooms baby portabellos, thinly sliced, Black pepper, 1 28ounces can crushed tomatoes, 34 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Loaf of crusty bread], title: Pizzagna, picturelink: gJWDSmebI87OpKN1FQFdpKXy7Gthe}, 40680: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSpread dough into a pizza pan. Top with sauce, provolone, pepperoni, bacon, ham, sausage, and meatballs. Bake about 15 to 20 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through the cooking time. Remove from pan and cook directly on the oven rack for about 5 minutes to crisp the crust. Serve., ingredients: [24 ounces pizza dough, 8 ounces pizza sauce about 1 cup, 12 ounces grated provolone, 4 ounces sliced pepperoni, 4 ounces bacon, cooked and crumbled, 6 ounces cooked ham, diced, 6 ounces cooked Italian sausage links, sliced into rounds, 3 ounces cooked meatballs, halved if large], title: Butcher Shop Pizza, picturelink: null}, 40681: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and sugar a 9 by 2inch round baking pan or 6 ramekins 4inch diameter.nMelt 12 stick butter in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Heat until butter begins to turn brown. Remove pan from heat, add vinegar and brown sugar, and mix well. A sauce whisk is a good tool to use here. Return to heat to melt sugar, if necessary.nPour a little of the brown sugar sauce in the bottom of the ramekins or baking pan. Cut each pineapple ring into pieces, maintaining the shape of the ring see Chefs Note. Add 1 pineapple ring to each ramekin or line the bottom of the large pan with pineapple. Add mango around the pineapple.nDrizzle pineapple with remaining brown sugar sauce and sprinkle with chopped nuts.nMake the batter:nIn a large bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.nPut 1 stick of softened butter in the bowl of an electric mixer. Beat on medium to high speed with the paddle attachment until light and fluffy. Add 12 cup superfine sugar and beat very well, until mixture is white and very light and fluffy. Beat in egg yolks, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition.nAlternately mix 13 cup milk, then 13 of flour mixture into butteregg mixture in 3 portions. Do not overmix.nIn another bowl, beat egg whites with clean beaters or a balloon whisk. When whites begin to foam, add remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and beat until they hold soft peaks. Scrape 12 the whites into batter and mix gently until blended. Fold in remaining whites carefully, until just blended.nDivide batter among ramekins or pour into baking pan. If using ramekins, place them on a baking sheet. Place cake in preheated oven. Bake until a tester inserted into the middle comes out clean, about 20 to 30 minutes for individual cakes or about 50 minutes for the large cake. Remove from oven and let cool about 10 minutes in the pan. Run a knife around the edges to loosen the cakes and invert onto deep dessert plates or a deep platter otherwise, the sweet syrup may overflow the plate., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, room temperature plus more for baking dish, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon superfine sugar plus more for dusting baking pan, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup packed light or dark brown sugar see Chefs Note, 6 fresh pineapple rings, peeled, cored, and cut 12inch thick, 1 cup diced mango, 14 cup toasted, roughly chopped macadamia nuts, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch salt, 2 large eggs, separated, 1 cup milk], title: MangoPineapple UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: null}, 40682: {instructions: Bring 3 cups 750ml water and the sugar to a boil in a pot. Add the peaches and vanilla bean including the seeds. Simmer over medium heat for about 30 minutes.nDiscard the vanilla bean. Pour the peaches and syrup into a blender and puree until smooth. Strain the peach puree through a sieve into a pitcher.nBring 4 cups 1 liter water to a boil in a small saucepan. Remove from the heat, add the tea and steep according to the package directions. Strain to remove the tea leaves, then add the tea to the pitcher with the peach puree. Stir to combine. Refrigerate until cold.nThe pulp from the fruit may have separated from the tea during chilling, so be sure to stir it before serving. Pour over ice cubes in tall glasses and garnish with vanilla beans.nCooks Note: When blending hot liquids, remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [2 cups500ml sugar, 6 peaches, halved and pitted, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, 1 tablespoon15ml loose green or black tea leaves or 4 tea bags, Split vanilla beans, for garnish], title: Homemade Peach Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 40683: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large skillet heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat, add the sliced onion and minced garlic, saute for about 2 minutes. Then add the chicken slices and cook until chicken is a nice golden brown. Turn the heat up a touch and add the bell pepper slices and dried chili flakes. Once chicken is no longer pink remove from the heat and place the mixture into a bowl.nIn a small skillet add 1 cup oil. When oil is warm submerge a tortilla for 10 to 15 seconds or until soft. This will soften them and make rolling a lot easier. Drain on paper towels and repeat this process until all tortillas have been softened. Pour 1 cup of Green Sauce on bottom of the baking dish to cover. Divide the chicken mixture evenly among the tortillas, roll them up. Place seam side down on top of the sauce in the baking dish. Pour the remaining green sauce over them and spread the cheese mix evenly over the top. Bake for about 20 minutes until golden brown. Remove from the oven and serve with longgrain rice.nFor the Green Sauce:nPulse all ingredients in a food processor until a nice salsa consistency is reached.nFor the Rice: Pour 3 cups of hot water in a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Rinse the rice well in a bowl under cold water and drain. This will remove surface starch and will be less sticky. Place the rinsed and drained rice into the saucepan, cover and cook until al dente, about 10 to 15 minutes. Add fresh cilantro and lime juice and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 large onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 boneless chicken breasts, thinly sliced, 12 green bell pepper, sliced, 12 red bell pepper, sliced, 1 teaspoon dried chili flakes, 2 cups Green Sauce, recipe follows, 8 to 10 corn tortillas, 1 cup oil, 3 cups shredded Cheddarmozzarella mix, 14 cup chicken broth, 1 roasted Anaheim chile, skin removed, stemmed and seeded, roughly chopped, 7 tomatillos, roughly chopped, 1 garlic clove, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon white pepper, 3 cups water, 2 cups longgrain rice, 12 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 12 lime, juiced], title: Chicken Enchiladas with Green Sauce and LongGrain Rice, picturelink: BgXWx4SNDXrAvsyp5HyoE2Tdws9mH6C}, 40684: {instructions: Marinade:nStew:nFor the marinade: Combine the garlic, bay leaves, carrots, celery, onions and wine in a large bowl or container. Add the beef cover and let sit in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight. This is a really important step: it makes a huge flavor difference.nFor the stew: Remove the beef from the marinade. Strain the veggies and bay leaves from the marinade and discard. Reserve 2 cups of the marinade.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a large, wide pan or Dutch oven with olive oil and bring to mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the beef with salt and toss with the flour do not flour the beef until youre ready to brown it. Add the flourcoated beef to the hot pan, but be sure to not crowd the pan you will need to work in four batches. Brown the meat well on all sides, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the pan to a baking sheet.nAfter the first two batches, deglaze the pot with 12 cup of the reserved marinade, scraping up any browned bits. Drain the liquid into a small bowl. Add more olive oil to the pan to coat and cook the remaining two batches of meat. Add the meat to the baking sheet. Deglaze the pan with 12 cup marinade, scraping up any browned bits.nAdd the bacon and cook until it gets brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Toss in the mushrooms, carrots, celery, garlic and onions, and season with salt. Cook until the mixture starts to soften and becomes very aromatic, about 10 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the remaining 1 cup marinade and deglaze the pan, stirring up any browned bits, 1 minute. Add the beef. Stir to combine and cook until the wine has reduced by half, 1 to 2 minutes. Add enough of the beef stock to just cover the surface of the beef. Toss in the bay leaves and thyme bundle. Cover the pan, bring the liquid to a boil and put in the oven.nCook the beef for 2 hours. During the last hour of cooking time, add the potatoes. Cover the pan with the lid and put the stew back in the oven to cook for an additional hour.nRemove the pot from the oven and skim off any excess grease from the surface of the stew. Garnish with the chives and serve with crusty bread to sop up all the sauce., ingredients: [2 ribs celery, halved, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 large onion, peeled and quartered, 3 fresh bay leaves, 2 carrots, peeled and halved, One 750ml bottle red wine, such as Burgundy, 4 pounds beef chuck, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 large onion, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, Extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup tomato paste, Kosher salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 to 4 cups beef stock, 3 fresh bay leaves, 8 ounces slab bacon, cut into lardons, 1 pound cremini or white button mushrooms, quartered, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 2 ribs celery, cut into 14inch dice, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 bundle fresh thyme, 1 pound red bliss potatoes, quartered, 12 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped, for garnish, Crusty bread, for serving, Active Time: 1 hour 40 minutes, Total Time: 7 hours 40 minutes], title: Beef Bourguignon 2, picturelink: null}, 40685: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar and mustard. Whisk in the walnut oil, drop by drop. Season the vinaigrette with salt and pepper. If acid is needed, add lemon juice. If more oil needed, add olive oil.nTear the greens into large bitesize pieces in a flat bowl. Add the nuts and dill. Just before serving, add only enough dressing to coat lightly when tossed. Toss and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup60 ml walnut oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lemon juice, to taste, Olive oil, to finish, 6 large handfuls mixed greens recommended: butter lettuce, frisee, rocket, radicchio, endive, romaine, mache, etc., 2 handfuls toasted walnuts, finely chopped, Generous handful barely chopped fresh dill], title: Mixed Greens with Walnut Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 40686: {instructions: Bring beer, milk, cream, glucose, and sugar to a boil, drizzle into the egg yolks while whisking vigorously. Heat to 185 degrees F stirring constantly and pour through a fine seive and chill over an ice bath. When ice cream base is cold, freeze in an ice cream machine., ingredients: [1 cup Guinness stoutor any stout beer, 1 cup whole milk, 2 cups cream, 2 ounces glucose syrup, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup egg yolks], title: Guiness Stout Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 40687: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the cookies: In a medium mixing bowl whisk together flour, salt, baking soda, dry spices, and set aside. In a large mixing bowl, beat with a hand mixer, the vegetable shortening and the coconut shortening together until creamy. Add molasses and brown sugar and beat until smooth. Add the eggs 1 at a time, the pumpkin puree and ginger. Mix until well blended. Slowly stir in the flour with a rubber spatula scraping the sides until all ingredients are well incorporated. Roll the dough into 1inch balls, flatten slightly with the back of a spoon and place on a cookie sheet. Bake in the oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Cool cookies for 5 minutes on cookie sheet. Transfer cookies to wire racks and let cool.nTo make the icing: In a medium bowl, combine with a hand mixer, the sugar, meringue powder and just enough water to make a smooth, glossy icing. Transfer to a plastic baggie. Snip the corner of the bag with scissors and drizzle onto cookies., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon cloves, Pinch cayenne pepper, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 14 cup coconut shortening, 14 cup molasses, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 eggs, 14 cup pumpkin puree, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon meringue powder, A few drops water], title: Spicy Ginger Whoopees, picturelink: null}, 40688: {instructions: In a food processor blend together the peppers, the bread crumbs, the walnuts, the garlic, the lemon juice, the pomegranate molasses, the cumin, the red pepper flakes, and salt to taste, until the mixture is smooth. With the motor running, add the oil gradually. Transfer the muhammara to a bowl and serve it at room temperature with the pita triangles., ingredients: [7ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained, 23 cup fine fresh bread crumbs, 13 cup walnuts, toasted lightly and chopped fine, 2 to 4 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 2 teaspoons pomegranate molasses, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, Toasted pita triangles, as an accompaniment], title: Hot Red Pepper and Walnut Dip: Muhammara, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 40689: {instructions: Heat butter in a saucepan and saute garlic and shallots in a saucepan until translucent. Reduce heat to low and add cream and nutmeg. Allow to reduce by about 13. Remove from heat and stir in peas, Parmesan and Cheddar, and cook until cheese is incorporated. Season with pepper and sprinkle with Romano cheese. Cheese will be salty so add salt only if needed after all cheeses are added., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 16 ounce package frozen peas, thawed, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 13 cup shredded white Cheddar, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grated PecorinoRomano, Salt], title: Peas in ThreeCheese Sauce, picturelink: NeG1fUvYDPpHW8lJoDS96lxStY2Gu}, 40690: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, mix together the oats, light brown sugar, cinnamon and salt. Stir the honey, oil and vanilla extract into the dry ingredients. Use your hands if necessary to make sure its well combined.nSpread the mixture in an even layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 20 minutes and then remove from the oven and stir add the chopped almonds. Return to the oven and bake until everything is toasted and evenly browned, an additional 10 minutes.nAllow the granola to cool on the baking sheet, then add the dried cranberries and toss to distribute. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [3 cups rolled oats, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon see Cooks Notes, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup honey see Cooks Notes, 14 cup canola oil see Cooks Notes, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract see Cooks Notes, 12 cup coarsely chopped almonds see Cooks Notes, 12 cup dried cranberries see Cooks Notes], title: Basic Granola Recipe, picturelink: hiMfn2EIzzk8cBDn5Y4GiaSrXhRBjuu}, 40691: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Cut 3 cloves of garlic into 18inch thick slices and reserve the 4th clove. In a small saucepan or skillet set over moderately low heat, combine the sliced garlic with 12cup of the oil and cook for 10 minutes. Strain the oil into a bowl and reserve the cooked garlic.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar and mustard, add 1 teaspoon of the anchovy, and mash with the whisk until smooth. Whisk in the garlicflavored oil, the cooked garlic, and remaining anchovy. Season with salt and pepper.nBrush both sides of the bread with the remaining 14 cup oil and season with salt and pepper. Arrange the bread in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted  about 5 minutes. When cool enough to handle, rub one side of each slice with the remaining raw garlic clove.nPeel the eggs and separate the yolks from the whites. With the back of a spoon or a rubber spatula, push the yolks through a fine sieve into a bowl. Wash and dry the strainer and repeat with the whites.nChoose 6 large Romaine spears and slice them crosswise into 14inch thick ribbons. In a large bowl, toss the remaining whole leaves with the dressing. Arrange the leaves on salad plates. Toss the lettuce ribbons in the residual dressing and set the ribbons on top of the spears. Sprinkle with the whites and yolks and arrange the toast on the plate. Top the toast with the Parmesan shavings., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, sliced plus 1 whole garlic clove, 34 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 3 anchovies, rinsed and chopped coarse, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices French bread, cut 14inch thick on the diagonal, 2 hard boiled eggs, 1 head Romaine lettuce, rinsed and dried, 14 pound Parmesan cheese, shaved very thin with a potato peeler], title: Romaine Spears with Anchovy Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 40692: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 12inch round, heart, square, diamond, starshaped cutter or punch cutters 1inch round or 1inch heart cutter, for cutting out the center of the cookiesnAdjust the oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSpread the hazelnuts and almonds on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until lightly browned, about 10 to 12 minutes. Shake the pan halfway through baking to ensure that the nuts toast evenly. Allow the nuts to cool. Gather the hazelnuts into a kitchen towel and rub them together to remove the skins.nIn the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade, combine the hazelnuts and almonds with 14 cup of the sugar and the cinnamon, and process until its the consistency of a fine meal. Add the flour and pulse a few times to combine.nSeparate and discard the whites of the eggs. Push the egg yolks through a finemesh sieve, scraping the yolks off the bottom of the sieve and into the flour mixture. Pulse on and off a few times to combine.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and lemon zest on low 2 to 3 minutes, until softened. Add the remaining sugar and mix on medium, 3 to 4 minutes, until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add the almond extract and mix to combine. Turn the mixer off, add the nut mixture, and mix on low until just incorporated.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and flatten into a rectangle, about 1inch thick. Wrap in plastic and chill until firm, 1 to 2 hours or overnight.nDivide the dough in 12 and return one 12 to the refrigerator. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough out to 18inch thickness, flouring the surface of the dough as necessary. Using the shaped cutter, cutting as closely together as possible, cut out the cookies. Place them 1inch apart on 1 to 2 parchmentlined baking sheets to chill until firm, 30 to 45 minutes. Set the scraps aside.nRoll and cut out the remaining dough in the same manner. Gather all the scraps together, chill, roll, and cut to make the tops. Using the small cutter, cut out the center s of 12 of the cookies and chill until firm, 30 to 45 minutes.nAdjust the oven racks to the upper and lower positions and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until firm to the touch and lightly browned, rotating the baking sheets halfway through to ensure even baking. The cookies with the holes may bake more quickly than the others. Allow to cool and dust the perforated cookies with powdered sugar.nFlip over the cookies without holes, placing the darker side of the cookie underneath. Spoon about 1 12 to 2 teaspoons of the raspberry jam into the center. Place the perforated cookies, powdered sugar side up, on top of the jam, matching up the edges and pressing gently to spread the jam., ingredients: [14 cup 1 12ounces hazelnuts, 12 cup 2 12 ounces whole unblanched almonds, 14 cup granulated sugar, plus 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups plus 4 tablespoons unbleached pastry flour or unbleached allpurpose flour, 4 extralarge eggs, hardboiled, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, finely chopped from about 12 lemon, 1 teaspoon pure almond extract, Powdered sugar, for dusting, 1 cup raspberry jam], title: Linzer Cookies, picturelink: null}, 40693: {instructions: To prepare the pancakes, place the malanga and milk in a saucepan. Add enough water to cover the malanga completely and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, add the garlic, and simmer until the malanga is tender, about 25 minutes. Drain off the water. Place the malanga and garlic in a mixing bowl and mash well with a potato masher or fork. Add the eggs, onion, flour, parsley, and salt and pepper, and stir to form a batter. Refrigerate for 20 minutes.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan or skillet over mediumhigh heat. Drop about 2 tablespoons of the batter into the hot oil and flatten out with the back of a spoon. Cook until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes per side. Keep warm and repeat for the remaining pancakes. There should be enough batter for 12 to 16 pancakes.nPlace all the ingredients in a blender and blend for 30 seconds.nTo prepare garnish combine the eggs and parsley, and onion. To serve, spoon the sauce onto serving plates and add 2 pancakes per plate. Spoon the egg mixture on the pancakes, then top with caviar. Add a drop of sour cream and garnish with a lemon sliver and chives. Spoon more caviar on top of the pancakes and sprinkle the egg and parsley garnish around the plates., ingredients: [112 pounds malanga, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 2 cups milk, 2 cloves garlic, 2 eggs, 3 tablespoons minced white onion, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup minced parsley, Salt and pepper, to taste, 14 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons toasted cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons vodka, 2 hardboiled eggs, finely chopped, 14 cup chopped parsley, 1 small red onion, diced, 3 ounce jar osetra caviar, 12 cup sour cream, 6 to 8 slivers lemon zest, 1 bunch chives], title: Malanga Pancakes with Caviar and VodkaCumin Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40694: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar until fully combined. Add the eggs and mix to combine. Add the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt and mix. Add the pecans and both chocolate chips mix until just combined.nDrop heaping tablespoons of dough onto the baking sheets. Bake, rotating the sheets once halfway through, until the cookies are set, about 12 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool. Repeat with the remaining dough., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup cocoa powder, such as Hersheys Special Dark, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups chopped pecans, 6 ounces milk chocolate chips, 6 ounces white chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Fudge Chip Cookies, picturelink: V.l.7JDpdKsGbjiy7dqgAJykuIbJSG2}, 40695: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a heavy large frying pan over high heat. Sprinkle the steaks with salt and pepper. Cook the steaks until they are brown but still rare in the center, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer the steaks to a plate and set aside to cool completely. Add 2 more tablespoons of olive oil to the same pan. Saute the onions and carrots until the onions are translucent, about 8 minutes, with additional salt and pepper, to taste. Add the garlic and oregano, and saute for 1 minute. Add the wine and simmer for 1 minute. Add the marinara sauce and broth. Cover and simmer over mediumlow heat to allow the flavors to blend, about 10 minutes. Season the sauce, to taste, with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, trim off any fat from the steaks, then cut the steaks into bitesize pieces and set aside. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the rigatoni and boil until it is tender but still firm to the bite, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Drain the rigatoni.nToss the rigatoni and reserved steak pieces and any accumulated juices from the steaks with the sauce to coat. Transfer the pasta to bowls. Sprinkle with the Parmesan cheese shavings and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 12ounce ribeye steaks, Salt and pepper, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, peeled and thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 34 cup dry red wine, 1 26ounce jar marinara sauce, 1 cup beef broth, 16 ounces dried rigatoni pasta, 3 ounces Parmesan, shaved], title: Rigatoni with Steak Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40696: {instructions: Eggplant Puree: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Rub eggplants with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place on a baking sheet and roast in the oven until soft, about 20 to 25 minutes. Using a spoon, remove the flesh of the eggplants and put into the bowl of a food processor. Add the garlic, cilantro, lemon juice, tahini and 14 cup of the olive oil and process to a smooth consistency. Pass through a chinois into a bowl and season with salt and pepper.nTomatoFennel Essence: Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the fennel and cook for 2 minutes. Increase heat to high, add the wine and the tomato juice and cook until reduced by half. Add the parsley, lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.nCodfish: Whisk together the harissa, lemon juice and olive oil in a small bowl. Place the cod in a medium shallow baking dish. Pour the marinade over and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Preheat broiler. Remove cod from marinade and season on both sides with salt and pepper and place on a baking sheet. Broil on each side for 3 to 4 minutes on each side.nCurry Onion Rings: 2 cups flour 2 tablespoons Madras curry powder Salt 3 large onions, sliced thinlynCombine flour, curry powder and salt in a bowl and mix well. Toss onions in the flour mixture. Fry until golden brown. Drain on a paper towel lined plate., ingredients: [8 Japanese eggplants, halved lengthwise, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 head garlic, roasted, 14 cup finely chopped cilantro, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup tahini, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, finely sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoons whole fennel seeds, ground, 1 cup white wine, 3 cups fresh tomato juice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons harissa, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup olive oil, 4 cod fillets, about 6 ounces each, skin on, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Spiced Codfish with Roasted Eggplant Puree and Tomato Essence with Curry Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 40697: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl fold together the goat cheese, cream cheese, garlic and herbs. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper.nLine a sheet tray with parchment paper and lightly flour a work surface. With a rolling pin, roll the dough into an oval shape that fits a half sheet tray and lay out on the parchment paper.nSpread dough with the goat cheese mixture, leaving a 12inch edge. Arrange the red onion in a row, overlapping slightly. Repeat with the zucchini.nBrush the red onion, zucchini, and crust with olive oil. Sprinkle with red pepper flakes, salt and pepper, to taste, and the Parmesan. Bake in the oven for 25 minutes.nRemove from oven and using a pizza cutter, slice into thin strips for serving., ingredients: [4 ounces goat cheese, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped basil leaves, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, for work surface, 34 pounds storebought pizza dough, 1 medium red onion, sliced thin, 1 zucchini, cut into thin rounds, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Ginas Cheesy Flat Bread, picturelink: null}, 40698: {instructions: Cook 2 12 pounds small red potatoes in simmering water until just tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and pat dry, then toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon kosher salt. Put the potatoes in a grilling basket or on a wire rack set on the grill grates grill over mediumhigh heat, turning often, until golden and crisp, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk 12 cup each sour cream and crumbled blue cheese with 13 cup buttermilk season with salt and pepper. Transfer the potatoes to a bowl top with the dressing, thinly sliced celery and carrot, celery leaves and more blue cheese., ingredients: [], title: Grilled Potatoes with Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: OOUasgmgU.eeRaqaleKlr8bqQL0S8YO}, 40699: {instructions: Fill a medium sized soup pot with water and add kelp. Heat, uncovered, so as to reach the boiling point in 10 minutes. Important: Kelp emits a strong odor when boiled, so be sure to remove it from water before it boils. Insert your thumbnail into the fleshiest part of the kelp, if it is soft, remove it from the water. If tough, return it to the pot for 1 to 2 minutes. Keep it from boiling by adding 12 cup cold water.nRemove kelp and bring stock to a full boil. Add 14 cup cold water to bring the temperature down quickly and immediately add the bonito flakes. Bring to a full boil and remove from the heat at once. Allow the flakes to start to settle on the bottom of the pot. Skim foam and filter through cheesecloth lined sieve., ingredients: [1 quart cold water, 1ounce giant kelp kombu, 1ounce dried bonito flakes hanakatsuo], title: Dashi, picturelink: null}, 40700: {instructions: In a small saucepan, fitted with a candy thermometer, bring the water, corn syrup and 34 cup sugar to 246 degrees firm ball stage. In the meantime, in the completely clean and dry bowl of an electric mixer, whisk the egg whites, salt, and cream of tartar until creamy and foamy. Still whisking, sprinkle in the tablespoon of sugar and continue to whisk until the whites hold very soft peaks. With the mixer on slow, carefully drizzle in the hot syrup. Turn the mixer to high and whisk until thick, fluffy and just warm, about 7 minutes. Turn the mixer to high and whisk until thick, fluffy and just warm, about 7 minutes. Turn the mixer to low and whisk in the vanilla extract. Makes 5 cups., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, 1 14 cup light corn syrup, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoons sugar, 4 large egg whites, Pinch salt, Pinch cream of tartar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Fluffy Marshmallow Cream, picturelink: null}, 40701: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. In medium bowl, combine cream cheese, 12 cup of the sugar, 1 teaspoon of the lemon peel and lemon juice mix well. In another medium bowl, combine remaining 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon peel and poppy seed mix well. Separate dough into 8 biscuits. Carefully split side of each biscuit halfway to form opening. Fill each opening with 2 rounded tablespoons cream cheese mixture. Press edges firmly to seal. Dip filled biscuits in melted butter coat with poppy seed mixture. Place in ungreased jumbo nonstick muffin cups.nBake at 375 for 13 to 17 minutes or until puffed and golden brown. Cool 10 minutes. Run knife around edge of each puff to loosen remove from muffin cups. Serve warm. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 8oz. pkg. cream cheese, softened, 1 14 cups, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons poppy seed, 1 16.3oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Grandsu00ae Refrigerated Buttermilk Biscuits, 12 cup butter, melted], title: Lemon Poppy Seed Puffs, picturelink: null}, 40702: {instructions: Thinly slice a baguette arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Brush with softened butter and sprinkle with salt and sugar. Bake at 425 degrees F until lightly golden, about 7 minutes. Let cool slightly.nSimmer 14 cup water, some thin strips of lemon zest, 12 teaspoon anise seeds and 2 tablespoons sugar in a saucepan until syrupy. Spread lemon curd on the toast rounds. Top with the candied zest and anise seeds.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [], title: AniseLemon Bruschetta, picturelink: dP6biYwaycJNvPiwoP3GAzgrTGVtjC}, 40703: {instructions: Place the ricotta in a small strainer set over a bowl and refrigerate for 30 minutes to drain the excess liquid.nTransfer the drained ricotta to a food processor or blender, add the brown sugar and orange liqueur and process until smooth. The ricotta mixture can be made up to 8 hours in advance and covered and kept refrigerated.nDivide the raspberries among 4 dessert bowls and top each with a 14 cup of the ricotta mixture. Add a splash of the orange liqueur or juice, and garnish with mint sprigs., ingredients: [1 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, recommended: Grand Marnier or fresh orange juice, 1 pint raspberries, Mint sprigs], title: Raspberries with Ricotta Cream, picturelink: 0HQwFm1C81exWbLqTbu8oDuC5OHg6r6}, 40704: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the broth to a boil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. In a bowl, whisk the eggs, cheese, parsley, and basil to blend. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Stir the broth in a circular motion. Gradually drizzle the egg mixture into the moving broth, stirring gently with a fork to form thin strands of egg, about 1 minute. Stir in the spinach, then season the soup, to taste, with salt and pepper.nLadle the soup into bowls and serve., ingredients: [6 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablepoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 cup lightly packed spinach leaves, cut in thin strips, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Stracciatella Soup, picturelink: FOgctRJZBmvc18QUMwIwL2Wuzvf3B6}, 40705: {instructions: To prepare crust by hand:nIn a narrow bowl, combine flour, salt and shortening. Using 2 knives scissorsstyle, cut fat into flour until only small peasize bits of shortening remain.nSprinkle water over flour mixture as you toss with a fork. Dont keep stirring. Turn only about 8 to 10 times. Continue with Step 3 below.nOr prepare crust using a food processor:nChill flour, shortening, butter, water.nMeasure flour into work bowl. Add salt and pulse 3 times.nAdd shortening. Pulse 6 times. Add butter that has been cup up into chunks. Pulse 4 times.nAdd water 1 tablespoon at a time. Pulse after each addition.nPour out of bowl onto plastic wrap. Create a 5inch disk and flatten. Refrigerate.nAfter about 15 minutes in the refrigerator, remove your disc. Place a piece of plastic wrap or parchment paper on the counter. Flour it. Cover the disk with another piece of wrap or parchment. Roll out from the center, until disk is about 11 inches in diameter. Remove top wrap, flour the surface lightly and drape crust over rolling pin. Center over pie plate and put it in. Smooth into 9 12inch pie pan. Remove wrap. Trim edge to about 12 inch around outside of pan.nFold edge under and flute using thumb and forefingers to make a stand up edge. Refrigerate until ready to fill.nTo prepare filling and topping:nHeat oven to 350 degrees F.nCoarsely chop macadamias and almonds, put all nuts separate large nuts from chopped on cookie sheet and toast 5 to 6 minutes. Cool. Put hazelnuts into a kitchen towel and rub together to remove skins. Chop hazelnuts.nCombine filling ingredients. Mix well. Sprinkle chopped nuts on bottom of crust. Arrange pecan halves, slivered almonds and cashews in attractive pattern on bottom of unfilled crust. Pour filling into pan deflecting on back of a spoon. Larger nuts will rise up to top. Cover edge of crust with foil.nBake for 45 minutes to 50 minutes. Test with a stainless steel knife in center. When it comes out clean, its done. Cool completely on wire rack. Serve after cooling or wrap in heavy foil and refrigerate until next day to serve., ingredients: [13 cup solid shortening recommended: Crisco, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons ice water, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup white sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, I cup light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 2 cups lightly toasted mixed nuts 12 cup pecan halves, 13 cup coarsely chopped macadamias, 13 cup slivered almonds, 12 cup cashew halvessplit, 13 cup chopped hazelnuts], title: Fruits Of The Forest Pie2003 First Place Nut, picturelink: null}, 40706: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nRoll dough into a 14inch round. Brush a 14inch skillet with olive oil and sprinkle with Italian seasoning. Lay dough out in pan. Spread with sauce. In a bowl, mix the sausage and dip until sausage is coated. Spread mixture evenly over pizza. Top with mozzarella. Bake until cooked through, about 30 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [23 ounces pizza dough, Olive oil, for brushing, Italian seasoning, for sprinkling recommended: Connies Pizza Secret Sprinkle, I small can pizza sauce recommended: Connies Pizza Sauce, 1 pound Italian sausage, sliced into rounds, 1 1pound package prepared spinach and artichoke dip, 14 ounces grated mozzarella], title: Fry Pan Pizza, picturelink: null}, 40707: {instructions: Slice roasted corn off cob into pan over heated grill. Add Creole tomato, red onion, pickled okra, garlic, red pepper and olive oil. Stir occasionally until okra and onions are slightly soft, about 3 minutes.nPreheat grill. Brush grouper with olive oil and grill until cooked through. Place on serving plates and spoon salsa on top of grouper., ingredients: [4 to 6 grouper fillets, Olive oil, 1 ear corn, roasted with 1 tablespoon oil, 1 cup finely diced Creole tomato, 12 cup finely diced red onion, 14 cup thinly sliced pickled okra, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup olive oil], title: Grilled Grouper Fillets with Creole Salsa, picturelink: b5KRQ9hxkdje67EqbSvBiBZdXSvbUi}, 40708: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nWhisk the oil, chopped basil, chives, chopped tarragon, salt and pepper in a small bowl to blend. Brush the salmon and pineapple slices with the herb mixture.nCook the salmon until barely cooked through and still pink inside, about 4 minutes per side. Cook the pineapple until slightly charred, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nTransfer 1 pineapple slice to each plate and arrange a piece of salmon slightly overlapping it. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the Avocado Dressing over each piece of fish. Garnish with basil and tarragon sprigs and serve.nCombine the lemon juice, basil, chives, olive oil, tarragon, anchovy paste if using, salt, pepper, garlic and avocado in a food processor. Add 2 tablespoons of water and process until smooth. Cover the dressing and let stand for at least 15 minutes and up to 1 hour for the flavors to blend., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh basil, plus some sprigs, for garnish, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon, plus some sprigs, for garnish, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Four 4ounce skinless salmon fillets, each about 1inch thick, Four 12inchthick round slices rings of pineapple, preferably fresh, Avocado Dressing, recipe follows, 14 cup fresh lemon juice from 1 large lemon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon, 18 teaspoon anchovy paste, optional, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 small clove garlic, smashed, 12 avocado, diced], title: Grilled Salmon and Pineapple with Avocado Dressing, picturelink: cxT5whItlgmEgeF55ghPn5ma3PyaRkq}, 40709: {instructions: Soak the dried rice noodles in cool or lukewarm water for 30 minutes, or until theyre limp but still firm to the touch later cooking in the wok will soften them more. Drain the noodles thoroughly in a colander and set aside while preparing the other ingredients.nIn a small bowl, mix the fish sauce, tamarind juice, and sugar stir well to melt the sugar. Taste and adjust flavors to the desired combination of salty, sour, and sweet.nHeat a wok over mediumhigh heat until it is smoking hot. Add 1 tablespoon of the oil and quickly stirfry the shrimp until they turn pink and are almost cooked through 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the shrimp to a plate and cover to keep warm.nAdd the remaining oil to the wok and toss in the garlic, shallots, and chile stirfry for 30 seconds. Push the garlic and shallots to 1 side of the wok and pour the egg into the center. Scramble the egg lightly until set, breaking it up into pieces with a spatula. Add the drained noodles to the wok, stirring and tossing quickly with 2 spatulas to separate the strands. Pour in the fish sauce mixture, tossing well to coat the noodles and keep them from sticking if the noodles are still too firm, drizzle with 1 to 2 tablespoons of water to help them cook.nWhen the noodles are in good shape, toss in 12 of the bean sprouts and peanuts save the remaining for garnish. Continue to stirfry, to combine. Return the shrimp to the wok and toss the pad thai together to warm everything through. Serve the pad thai on a platter, pile the remaining bean sprouts and peanuts on 1 side of the dish and garnish with the lime wedges and cilantro. Squeeze lime juice over each portion before eating., ingredients: [8 ounces dried wide rice noodles, 14 cup fish sauce nam pla, 3 tablespoons tamarind juice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled with tails on, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 shallots, sliced, 1 fresh red chile, sliced, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 cup fresh bean sprouts, 12 cup chopped unsalted roasted peanuts, 1 lime, cut into small wedges, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves], title: StirFried Thai Noodles: Pad Thai, picturelink: null}, 40710: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large roasting pan with cooking spray.nSeason salmon with salt and black pepper and place in roasting pan. In a small bowl, whisk together lemon juice, rice wine and miso paste. Brush mixture all over salmon in pan.nIn a large bowl, combine potatoes, oil, garlic, rosemary, and salt and black pepper to taste. Toss to coat potatoes. Arrange potatoes alongside salmon or on a separate baking sheet if theres not enough room.nRoast salmon and potatoes 20 to 25 minutes, until fish and potatoes are forktender.nServe 4 of the salmon fillets with the cilantro sprinkled over top and all of the potatoes on the side. Reserve remaining salmon for salad., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 6 salmon fillets about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon rice wine mirin, 1 tablespoon miso paste, 4 Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 2inch chunks, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped rosemary leaves, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Roasted Miso Salmon with Lemon and Cilantro with Rosemary Roasted Yukons, picturelink: NU53Xebbs7rHUvxtR24Pc.1hc9Teu}, 40711: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400u00b0F. Combine melted butter, cayenne hot sauce and chili powder toss with pierogies.nCoat a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray and spread pierogies evenly on the baking sheet.nBake for 16 to 18 minutes, or until pierogies are browned. For best results, turn over halfway through bake time.nServe with blue cheese or ranch dressing, carrots and celery., ingredients: [1 12.84 ounce box Mini Four Cheese Medley or your favorite variety of Mrs. Tsu00ae Pierogies, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 stick butter, melted, 12 cup cayenne hot sauce, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Blue cheese or ranch dressing, as desired, Carrots, Celery], title: Buffalo Pierogies, picturelink: hUNxUnwURk18i0kv.Z8hEfC2ch2.7qm}, 40712: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the orangeginger glaze: Combine the juice, sugar, tamari, peppercorns, ground pepper, salt, anise and ginger in a saucepan. Cook over high heat, stirring occasionally, until reduced by half. Strain and cool.nFor the grilled boneless short ribs: Toss the ribs with 12 cup of the glaze, reserving the remaining glaze. Set aside the ribs at room temperature for 30 minutes. Prepare the grill for direct grilling at mediumhigh heat. Remove the ribs from the glaze, shaking off the excess. Brush the ribs with the oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the ribs until nicely charred and still pink in the middle, about 3 minutes each side. Brush the ribs occasionally with the reserved glaze.nFor the green onionpeanut relish: Combine the peanuts, onions, sugar, allspice, cinnamon and sprinkle lightly with salt. Transfer the ribs to a platter and top with the green onionpeanut relish., ingredients: [4 cups fresh orange juice, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons tamari, 1 teaspoon Schezuan peppercorns, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 whole star anise, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, sliced into rounds, 2 pound piece boneless beef short rib, sliced across the grain into 14inchthick pieces, 14 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt, 14 cup coarsely chopped salted peanuts, 2 green onions, green and pale green part, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon light brown sugar, Pinch allspice, Pinch cinnamon], title: OrangeGinger Grilled Boneless Short Ribs with Green OnionPeanut Relish, picturelink: VtApbOu4RN9HLCZqd3q6PXGGY363lq}, 40713: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl beat together the egg, sugar and salt until the mixture becomes pale. Slowly beat in the milk and vanilla.nCover bottom of the pie crust with the berries. Pour the egg mixture over the top, bake until center is set, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from oven and cool to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [3 eggs, 12 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 1 12 cups milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup blueberries, 12 cup raspberries, 1 9inch graham cracker crust], title: Berry Custard Pie, picturelink: kd9iuicbIcO1Cx.74JXhROLFJ5TS1i}, 40714: {instructions: Mix the granola, chocolate chips, dried cranberries, coconut, almonds, sugar, and vanilla extract together in a bowl. Combine syrup ingredients. Incorporate the syrup mixture into the dry ingredients and spread on a wellgreased sheet pan and bake for 15 to 20 minutes at 350 degrees. Slice when warm and eat when cool, ingredients: [1 cup granola, 3 tablespoons chocolate chips, 3 tablespoons dried cranberries, 3 tablespoons shredded sweet coconut, 14 cup whole almonds, 18 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup molasses, 14 cup honey, 14 cup corn syrup], title: Munchy Bars, picturelink: null}, 40715: {instructions: For the sauce:nPlace clarified butter in a saucepan and add shallots and celery. Cook until soft. Add flour and cook until mixture reaches an amber color. Add hot milk and mix with a wire whisk to a smooth sauce. Add remaining ingredients to the sauce and cook for 10 minutes.nFor the Rice and Orzo:nCombine rice and orzo. Add olive oil and lemon pepper. Mix well and put into the bottom of the crab shells.nPreheat the broiler.nFor the crab:nSaute crab meat in butter. Add Sherry until heated. Add the sauce to the crabmeat and mix well. Place the mixture on top of the rice and top with bread crumbs, butter, and Parmesan. Place under the broiler until golden brown.nServe with the sauce.nFor the wild rice:nWash the rice in cold water and strain. Lightly saute shallots in olive oil until transparent. Add wild rice and chicken stock. Bring to a boil and then turn down to a slow simmer and cover. Cook for 1 hour and 15 minutes until moisture is totally evaporated. Cool down in refrigerator.nBring salted water to a rolling boil. Add orzo and cook for 8 minutes. Strain orzo and cool down in ice water. When cool, strain and place in refrigerator., ingredients: [2 ounces clarified butter, 2 ounces shallots, diced, 2 ounces celery, diced, 2 ounces flour, 3 12 cups whole milk, scalded with 1 bay leaf, 14 cup chopped green onions, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon lemon pepper, 2 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 cup cooked wild rice, recipe follows, 14 cup cooked orzo, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 tablespoon lemon pepper, 2 whole Dungeness crabs, cooked in the shells, meat picked and shells reserved, Butter, 3 tablespoons Sherry, Bread crumbs, Grated parmesan, 12 cup wild rice, 14 cup diced shallots, 1 ounce olive oil, 4 cups chicken stock, 14 cup orzo, 1 tablespoon rock salt, 3 cups water], title: Deviled Dungeness Crab with Wild Rice and Orzo Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 40716: {instructions: Position racks in the middle and upper third of the oven preheat to 400 degrees F. Scrub the potatoes and dry well. Bake directly on the middle oven rack until easily pierced with a knife, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from the oven let cool 5 minutes.nOne at a time, hold each potato with a kitchen towel and halve lengthwise. Scoop the flesh into a large bowl, leaving a 14inchthick shell. Discard 2 of the potato skins. Mash the flesh with 6 tablespoons butter and 34 cup sour cream until smooth. Stir in the chives, parsley and 2 to 3 tablespoons horseradish season with salt and pepper. Melt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter brush the potato skins with 1 tablespoon melted butter and season the insides with salt and pepper. Set on a baking sheet.nMound the filling into the potato skins. Return to the oven on the top rack and bake until the filling starts browning and the skins are crisp, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter.nCombine the remaining 14 cup sour cream and 2 tablespoons horseradish in a small bowl. Top the potatoes with the horseradish cream, bacon and more chives.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [5 medium russet potatoes 10 to 12 ounces each, 1 stick plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup chopped fresh chives, plus more for topping, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 4 to 5 tablespoons horseradish, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Crumbled cooked bacon, for topping], title: HorseradishBacon TwiceBaked Potatoes, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 40717: {instructions: In a large stockpot, combine octopus with bay leaves, halved lemons, peppercorns, white wine, hot pepper sauce. Cook until the octopus is very tender, about 2 hours. Strain, cool, and peel the octopus. Clean squid and open tubes flat. In a bowl, season squid and octopus. Grill quickly for 2 minutes on each side. Cool and slice thinly. In a large bowl, combine squid, octopus, tomatoes, onions, scallions, garbanzo beans, and olives. In a separate bowl, prepare a vinaigrette with 14 cup oil, vinegar, basil, and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper. Pour on top of the seafood salad and toss well to combine. Set aside. In a saute pan, heat up the remaining 14 cup oil with annatto seeds. Remove seeds and add the sliced garlic. Cook until cloves are golden brown. Add the hearts of palm. Continue to cook until the hearts of palm are brown. Add the lemon juice, and season. Serve the salad over the roasted hearts of palm., ingredients: [1 5 pound octopus, 2 bay leaves, 2 lemons, cut in half, plus 2 more juiced, 3 peppercorns, 12 cup white wine, Hot pepper sauce, 1 pound squid, cleaned, tubes only, tentacles reserved for another dish, 1 red tomato, medium dice, 1 yellow tomato, medium dice, 1 red onion, small dice, 4 scallions, sliced, 2 cups cooked garbanzo beans chickpeas, 14 cup pitted Kalamata olives, sliced, 14 cup olive oil, plus 14 cup, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped basil, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 annatto seeds, 4 garlic cloves, sliced, 2 14ounce cans hearts of palm, drained and quartered lengthwise], title: Ensalada de Pulpo: Octopus Salad, picturelink: null}, 40718: {instructions: Run the banana leaves under warm water for about 5 minutes to defrost. Line a medium baking dish with the banana leaves.nCombine the achiote paste, garlic, vinegar, orange juice, and salt in a blender until smooth. In a large bowl, rub the achiote mixture into the meat. Place the meat in the prepared baking dish. Wrap the meat with banana leaves. Cover container and refrigerate for 24 hours.nAfter meat has marinated, preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd 1 cup water to the baking dish. Bake the meat until fork tender, about 2 hours.nServe wrapped meat on a bed of steamed white rice with Marinated Red Onions and Habanero Salsa on the side. Alternatively, remove meat from banana leaves and wrap in fresh, warm tortillas with Marinated Red Onions and Habanero Salsa on top.nIn a dry skillet, lightly toast the habanero chiles. Stem, seed, and roughly chop the peppers. Combine all ingredients in a blender until smooth. Pour into a small serving bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pound frozen banana leaves See Cooks Note, 2 4ounce packages achiote paste recommended: Recado Rojo, 6 cloves garlic, 14 cup white vinegar, 14 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 5 pounds trimmed, boneless pork butt, halved, 1 cup water, Marinated Red Onions, recipe follows, Habanero Salsa, recipe follows, Serving Suggestion: steamed white rice or fresh, warm tortillas, 2 medium red onions, thinly sliced, 3 cups water, 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Combine all ingredients in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours before serving., 8 habanero chiles, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup lime juice, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Yucatan Pork Baked in Banana Leaves: Cochinita Pibil, picturelink: null}, 40719: {instructions: Heat the peanut oil in a wok or skillet over medium heat. Add the chili paste and fry, stirring, about 3 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons salt and all but 1 teaspoon of the sugar and cook until the sugar begins to caramelize, about 5 minutes.nHeat about 4 inches peanut oil in a medium pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the okra until bright green, about 30 seconds, then remove with a wire skimmer or slotted spoon and shake off the excess oil. Add the okra to the wok with the chili sauce and toss about 1 minute. Add the oyster sauce, 12 teaspoon pepper and the remaining 1 teaspoon sugar and toss 30 more seconds. Transfer to a serving bowl and top with the shallots and chile pepper.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 14 cup sambal oelek Asian chili paste, Kosher salt, 12 cup sugar, 2 pounds okra, trimmed and cut on the bias into 2to3inch pieces, 1 12 teaspoons oyster sauce, Freshly ground pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons fried shallots, Julienned red fresno or jalapeno chile pepper, for topping], title: WokFired Okra Sambal, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 40720: {instructions: For the ice cream: Prepare an ice water bath. Bring the cream and coconut milk to a boil in a medium saucepan. Whisk together the egg yolks and sugar in a bowl slowly pour in some of the hot cream to temper the yolks. Pour the eggs into the cream mixture and cook over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the custard coats the back of a spoon and steam rises from the top. Strain the custard through a finemesh sieve into a clean bowl and cool over the ice water bath, stirring occasionally, until the custard is chilled. Process the custard in an ice cream machine. Fold in the toasted coconut and keep the ice cream frozen until ready to use.nFor the pudding cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line an 8inch square pan with plastic wrap. Whisk together the flour, 34 cup of the brown sugar, 14 cup of the cocoa powder, and the baking powder. Fold in the cream and pour the batter into the plasticlined pan. Mix the remaining 34 cup brown sugar and 14 cup cocoa powder together and sprinkle over the top of the batter. Bring the coconut water to a boil and pour over the cake batter. Place the cake pan in a large roasting pan pour enough water into the roasting pan to come 1inch up the side of the cake pan. Bake the cake in the water bath for 50 minutes. Cool the cake to room temperature and invert it onto a sheet pan. Carefully pull away the plastic wrap. There should be a gooey puddinglike substance on the bottom of the cake. Using a 4inch diameter ring cutter, cut 4 portions from the cake. Clean the ring cutter before each cut.nFor the emulsion: Warm the coconut milk and sugar in a small saucepan. Just prior to use, froth with a handheld blender.nAssembly: Place a piece of the pudding cake in the center of each plate. Spoon the frothy portion of the emulsion around the pudding cakes. Place a quenelleshaped scoop of the ice cream next to the cake and sprinkle the toasted coconut, coquito nuts, and crystallized ginger over the ice cream and around the cake.nWine Notes: The soft, nearly liquid texture of the pudding cake is similar to a flourless chocolate cake. The fifteenyearold Bual Madeira from Cossart Gordon, a classic pairing with chocolate, has the acidity to cut through the rich cake, and its nuttiness boosts the flavor of the coconut ice cream., ingredients: [1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 4 large egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup shredded coconut, toasted, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups golden brown sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 14 cups coconut water not coconut milk, 1 cup coconut milk, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons shredded coconut, 14 cup thinly sliced coquito nuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons julienned crystallized ginger], title: Chocolate Pudding Cake with Coconut Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 40721: {instructions: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pulse the graham crackers and butter cookies in a food processor until finely ground drizzle in the melted butter and pulse to combine. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom and about 1 inch up the side of a 9inch springform pan. Bake until golden, about 10 minutes, then transfer to a rack and let cool completely. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nMake the filling: Beat the cream cheese and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth and slightly fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then beat in the lemon juice and vanilla. Pour the batter into the prepared crust. Transfer to the oven and bake until the edges are set but the center still jiggles slightly, 1 hour to 1 hour, 10 minutes. Turn off the oven and keep the cheesecake in the oven with the door ajar, 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and run a knife around the edge of the cake to loosen. Transfer to a rack let cool completely, then refrigerate until set, at least 4 hours or overnight.nMake the lemon curd: Finely grate the ginger put in a finemesh sieve set over a bowl and press with a rubber spatula to extract the juice.nWhisk the eggs, sugar and cream in a small nonreactive saucepan until combined. Add the lemon juice and ginger juice and cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until thick and bubbly, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter until melted. Strain the curd through a finemesh sieve set over a bowl, pressing it through with a rubber spatula let cool. Refrigerate until ready to use.nSpread the curd over the cheesecake and refrigerate until set, about 30 minutes. Remove the springform ring and slice. Serve with strawberries.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [8 whole graham crackers, broken into pieces, 1 12 cups lightly crushed butter cookies, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons fresh Meyer lemon juice from about 1 lemon, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 4inch piece ginger, peeled, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 12 cup fresh Meyer lemon juice from about 4 lemons, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Sliced strawberries, for serving], title: Cheesecake With Meyer LemonGinger Curd, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}, 40722: {instructions: Mix 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons each chopped dill and minced onion, 2 tablespoons chopped sweet pickles or relish, 1 tablespoon ketchup and 1 teaspoon each cider vinegar and sugar.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Pickle Sauce, picturelink: vSUJFeb2j8FAJRySPJFPUCYXhtRiMy}, 40723: {instructions: In a large bowl, thoroughly combine all ingredients. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds red bliss potatoes, quartered and boiled until tender, 3 cups mayonnaise, 1 white onion, minced, 12 pound celery, minced, 4 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 tablespoons sweet pickle relish, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Salt and white pepper], title: Barmouches Potato Salad, picturelink: XkCr5CiOtHwH9.XQfv8.RwqKOoAxy}, 40724: {instructions: Melt the BourbonInfused Butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the cauliflower and cook, stirring occasionally, until crisptender and golden in spots, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the corn, 34 teaspoons salt and some pepper, and continue to cook, stirring often, until the corn is just cooked through, about 4 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper and transfer to a serving bowl. Sprinkle with the parsley.nCombine the bourbon and butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook until the butter melts. Transfer to a container and freeze until the butter has solidified. Remove the large piece of bourboninfused butter and reserve, refrigerated in an airtight container, for cooking. Strain the bourbon through a finemeshed sieve and coffee filter to remove any remaining particles of butter. Return the butterinfused bourbon to its original bottle and keep frozen to use in cocktails for up to one month., ingredients: [4 tablespoons BourbonInfused Butter, recipe follows, 12 head cauliflower, cored and cut into bitesized florets, 2 ears corn, kernels cut off the cob, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, , One 750milliliter bottle goodquality bourbon, 2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Corn and Cauliflower Sauteed in Bourbon Butter, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 40725: {instructions: Combine vegetables and cheese in food processor. Puree until smooth. As an alternative, soften cheese in microwave for 30 seconds and stir in vegetables., ingredients: [2 scallions, finely chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened], title: Vegetable Cream Cheese, picturelink: null}, 40726: {instructions: For the original margarita:nRatio for any volume of margarita: 3:2:1  3 parts tequila: 2 parts Triple Sec, 1 part lime juice. Place whichever amount you choose, depending upon your guests, into a large pitcher.nFor the simple syrup:nSimmer water and sugar over high heat until the sugar has completely dissolved then chill.nFor the lime salt:nCombine the salt and lime zest with a mortar and pestle. Set in a plate to dip your glass in.nFor the margarita bar:nHave buckets if ice and shakers set up around the margarita pitchers.nFill glasses with ice, original margarita and flavor profiles, if desired.nDip the rims of the glasses into the simple syrup then into the limesalt so the salt sticks to the rim of the glass.nPour the mixed drink into your salted glass and enjoy.nFor the original margarita:nRatio for any volume of margarita: 3:2:1  3 parts tequila: 2 parts Triple Sec, 1 part lime juice. Place whichever amount you choose, depending upon your guests, into a large pitcher.nFor the simple syrup:nSimmer water and sugar over high heat until the sugar has completely dissolved then chill.nFor the lime salt:nCombine the salt and lime zest with a mortar and pestle. Set in a plate to dip your glass in.nFor the margarita bar:nHave buckets if ice and shakers set up around the margarita pitchers.nFill glasses with ice, original margarita and flavor profiles, if desired.nDip the rims of the glasses into the simple syrup then into the limesalt so the salt sticks to the rim of the glass.nPour the mixed drink into your salted glass and enjoy.nIn a blender, combine fresh pineapple chunks with seeded jalapeno and simple syrup together until you have a nice yellow puree. Add, to taste, to original margarita.nIn a blender, combine fresh pineapple chunks with seeded jalapeno and simple syrup together until you have a nice yellow puree. Add, to taste, to original margarita.nPuree strawberries in a blender with simple syrup until you have a bright pink puree. Add, to taste, to original margarita.nPuree strawberries in a blender with simple syrup until you have a bright pink puree. Add, to taste, to original margarita.nSimmer simple syrup with ginger slices and finish with fresh lime juice then cool and set in refrigerator overnight to infuse ginger flavor. Add slices of fresh lime just before serving. Add, to taste, to original margarita.nSimmer simple syrup with ginger slices and finish with fresh lime juice then cool and set in refrigerator overnight to infuse ginger flavor. Add slices of fresh lime just before serving. Add, to taste, to original margarita., ingredients: [Ice cubes, Ice cubes, 3 parts white tequila, 2 parts Triple Sec, 1 part fresh lime juice, 3 parts white tequila, 2 parts Triple Sec, 1 part fresh lime juice, 1 part water, 1 part sugar, 1 part water, 1 part sugar, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 limes, zested, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 limes, zested, Original margarita, in pitchers, Buckets of ice and shakers, PineappleJalapeno base for margarita, recipe follows, Strawberry base for margarita, recipe follows, LimeGinger base for margarita, recipe follows, Simple syrup, poured on a plate to dip glass in, Lime salt, Original margarita, in pitchers, Buckets of ice and shakers, PineappleJalapeno base for margarita, recipe follows, Strawberry base for margarita, recipe follows, LimeGinger base for margarita, recipe follows, Simple syrup, poured on a plate to dip glass in, Lime salt, 2 cups chopped fresh pineapple, 12 fresh seeded jalapeno, 2 cups simple syrup, 2 cups chopped fresh pineapple, 12 fresh seeded jalapeno, 2 cups simple syrup, 2 cups fresh strawberries, hulled, 2 cups simple syrup, 2 cups fresh strawberries, hulled, 2 cups simple syrup, 2 cups simple syrup, 2 limes, 6 slices fresh ginger, 2 cups simple syrup, 2 limes, 6 slices fresh ginger], title: Margarita Bar, picturelink: null}, 40727: {instructions: Dice the tomatoes into 1inch pieces. Set aside.nTo make the dressing, whisk together the olive oil, vinegar, garlic, and salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the tomatoes and basil and toss. Add the bread, toss, and spoon onto a serving platter, topping with mozzarella., ingredients: [3 medium tomatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 cup cubed toasted bread or croutons, 12 cup shredded mozzarella], title: Tomato and Bread Salad, picturelink: LIRfsiyLKGnCKp0adU1.tP4KHIhBQ8y}, 40728: {instructions: In a medium nonstick pan with an oven proof handle, heat olive oil until hot, but not smoking, add the potatoes, pancetta, and garlic and fry until golden on all sides. Add peas.nIn a small bowl, whisk the egg whites with the whole eggs. Add the eggs, season with salt and pepper and cook over medium low heat, occasionally sliding a spatula around the edges of the pan to loosen the frittata as it cooks. Cook until just set. Sprinkle with cheese and place under the broiler until the top is golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 pound cooked potatoes, cut into small chunks, 4 thin slices pancetta, about 2 ounces, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 8 egg whites, 3 whole eggs, Coarse grained salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup Parmesan], title: Country Potato, Pea, and Pancetta Frittata, picturelink: null}, 40729: {instructions: Shanks: Marinade beef overnight, turning once. Remove beef from marinade, pat dry, and season with salt and pepper. Sear beef in oil on all sides in hot pan, set meat aside.nBrown vegetables in same pan as meat. When vegetables are brown, place meat back in pan and cover with marinade. Bring to a boil. Cover and simmer in 325 degree F oven until meat is falling off bone, about 5 hours. Drain the meat and reserve the strained liquid.nWhen done, place meat in container covered with strained cooking liquid. Let stand overnight in the refrigerator. Remove meat from cooking liquid. Slice 12inch thick. Place in pan.nCombine 4 cups liquid and demiglace. Reduce to sauce consistency. Pour sauce over meat and reheat in a 375 degree oven for about 20 minutes.nServe meat topped with diced glazed carrots and garnish with parsley.nServing suggestion: 4 carrots, peeled, diced and glazed, chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 5pound beef shank, trimmed of all fat, 4 750 ml bottles red wine, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns, 5 bay leaves, Sprigs thyme, cilantro, tarragon, and parsley, 3 onions, medium chopped, 4 carrots, peeled, medium chopped, 5 celery stalks, medium chopped, 2 heads garlic, root removed, cloves separated, 1 cup demiglace], title: Braised Beef Shank, picturelink: null}, 40730: {instructions: Place maple in a small saucepan and bring up to 280 degrees F. Dip a spoon into the syrup and drizzle desired shapes onto a sheet pan sprayed with vegetable oil or lined with a silpat. Let cool completely so candies come off the sheet pan easily. Eat as is or use as a garnish., ingredients: [1 cup maple syrup], title: Maple Sugar Candy, picturelink: null}, 40731: {instructions: Position a broiler pan on the rack closest to the broiler element and preheat to high.nFor the chutney: With the machine running, drop the ginger into the bowl of a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, then add the scallions, mint, cilantro, yogurt, jalapeno, lime juice, and salt. Process to a textured sauce similar in consistency to pesto, adding water to adjust the consistency, if necessary. Transfer to a bowl and set aside.nFor the fish: rub the oil, curry, salt and pepper on the fish. Carefully lay the swordfish on the preheated broiler pan and return to the broiler. Cook the steaks without turning until just cooked through more or until an instantread thermometer inserted in the side registers about 135 degrees F, about 4 minutes. Transfer steaks to 4 plates and serve with the chutney and rice, if desired., ingredients: [1 1inch piece peeled fresh ginger, 3 scallions white and green parts, cut into large pieces, 1 cup fresh mint leaves and some stems, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves and some stems, 1 u00bf4 cup plain lowfat yogurt, 1 jalapeno, stemmed ribs and seeds removed if you dont want it too hot, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 u00bf2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 to 2 tablespoons water, if needed, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon Madrasstyle curry powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 6ounce swordfish steaks, Basmati rice, for serving, optional], title: Curryrubbed Swordfish Steaks with Fresh Green Chutney, picturelink: null}, 40732: {instructions: Heat the black beans with the peppers, chili sauce and some water just to make a stew like consistency. When bubbling hot, stir in the spaghetti squash to heat through. Serve over rice and garnish with cilantro and sour cream if you can afford the calories., ingredients: [15 ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 14 cup slivered roasted red peppers from jar is o.k., 12 cup bottled chili sauce, Water to thin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cups cooked spaghetti squash, 2 cups cooked rice, Sour cream and chopped cilantro for garnish, optional], title: Spaghetti Squash, Second Time Around, picturelink: null}, 40733: {instructions: Bring 1inch of water to a boil, add salt then green beans, cover and cook 2 minutes, then add asparagus and cook 3 minutes more. If using pencil asparagus, blanch for 1 to 2 minutes. Drain well and cold shock vegetables in ice water to stop cooking process. Drain the vegetables on clean kitchen towels to dry completely. Thinly slice the green beans lengthwise on an angle pile them together and run your knife through them cutting them into 2inch pieces. Halve the asparagus lengthwise if thicker, leave in spindles if thin, then cut the spears into 2inch pieces on an angle. Combine the beans, asparagus, 12 cup of parsley and onion in a shallow bowl.nCombine the lemon zest and juice, remaining 12 cup of parsley and herbs in a food processor with cheese. Turn processor on and stream in extravirgin olive oil. Season the dressing with salt and pepper and pour over the salad. Season the sliced tomatoes with salt and garnish salad with them., ingredients: [Salt, 12 pound green beans, trimmed of stems, 34 pound regular or pencil asparagus, trimmed of rough ends, a small bundle, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup flatleaf parsley, a couple of handfuls, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 12 cup basil, 12 leaves, a couple of handfuls, 1 small clove garlic, cracked from skin, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, a generous handful, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and pepper, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded then thinly sliced lengthwise], title: Asparagus and Green Bean Salad, picturelink: 3rr1do5ADB.bmBHja14AHMatz0hgbi}, 40734: {instructions: Well in advance of cooking the fish, prepare the Sage Butter by placing all the ingredients in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Pulse to combine well. Using a rubber spatula, heap the mixture onto a sheet of waxed paper and roll to form a sausage shape. Twist the ends to enclose the butter. Set on a plate and refrigerate at least 1 hour to harden enough so that it can be sliced. When the butter is firm enough to slice, remove the paper wrapping and cut it into 14inch rounds, which will be used at the final moment of cooking to season the fish. Keep refrigerated until ready to use. Meanwhile, prepare the stuffing combining the breadcrumbs, pine nuts, jalapenos, garlic, chili powder and salt and pepper in a bowl. Drizzle the 2 tablespoons vegetable oil into this mixture and blend together lightly with a fork.nPreheat the broiler. Brush both sides of the trout with vegetable oil. Season with salt and pepper and broil skinside up to crisp the skin, a maximum of 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the fish from the broiler. Place the fish, skinside down, in a roasting pan that has been lightly rubbed with vegetable oil. Sprinkle the stuffing mixture over the fish. Place the fish in a 375degree oven 6 to 7 minutes to finish cooking. When the fish have nearly finished baking, crumble several pieces of the reserved Sage Butter on each fillet so that, in the last moment of cooking, the butter will melt, seasoning the fish., ingredients: [3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened to room temperature, Juice of 1 lemon about 2 tablespoons, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon paprika, 3 scallions, finely chopped, 12 cup dry breadcrumbs, 14 cup pine nuts, 2 fresh jalapeno peppers, seeded and diced, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chili powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 butterflied rainbow trout, whole, skin on, bones removed ask your fish dealer to do this for you, Vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste], title: Broiled Rainbow Trout with Pine Nuts, Butter Stuffing and Sage Butter, picturelink: null}, 40735: {instructions: Make the phyllo shells: Brush lightly 2 baking pans at least 17 inches long with some of the butter, lay 1 sheet of the phyllo lengthwise on one of the pans, and brush it lightly with some of the remaining butter. Layer and butter 7 more sheets of phyllo over the first sheet in the same manner and roll in the edges on all 4 sides, trimming excess dough at the corners, to form a 12inchwide rim. The phyllo rectangle should measure about 15 by 7 inches. Brush the rim lightly with some of the remaining butter and prick the bottom of the shell all over with the tip of a knife. Make a second shell on the second baking pan with the 8 remaining phyllo sheets and some of the remaining butter in the same manner, reserving 2 tablespoons of the butter in a small saucepan for the filling, and bake the shells in a preheated 400 degree oven, switching their positions in the oven and pressing the centers down gently after 5 minutes, for 10 minutes, or until they are golden. The shells may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered loosely in a cool dry place.nMake the filling and assemble the pizzas: Add 1 teaspoon of the garlic to the pan of reserved butter and keep the butter warm. In a skillet heat the oil over high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it saute the shrimp, stirring, for 1 minute, or until they begin to turn pink. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon garlic and saute the mixture, stirring, for 15 seconds. Add the lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste and transfer the mixture to a bowl. The shrimp may be cooked 1 day in advance, kept covered and chilled, and brought to room temperature. In a food processor blend the Feta and the cream cheese until the mixture is smooth, sprinkle 1 of the phyllo shells with half the oregano, and spoon half the cheese mixture into the shell, spreading it evenly with a long metal spatula the pastry will flake quite a bit. Top the cheese mixture with half the bell pepper, half the olives, half the tomatoes, and half the shrimp, drained, drizzle half the garlic butter over the topping, and make a second pizza with the remaining shell, oregano, cheese mixture, bell pepper, olives, tomatoes, shrimp, and garlic butter in the same manner. The pizzas may be prepared up to this point 1 hour in advance and kept covered loosely. Bake the pizzas in a preheated 400 degree oven for 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and kept warm, Sixteen 17by 12inch sheets of phyllo, stacked between 2 sheets of wax paper and covered with a dampened kitchen towel, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 34 pound shrimp about 20, shelled deveined and halved lengthwise, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 pound Feta, chopped coarse, 12 ounces cream cheese at room temperature, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano or marjoram leaves, minced, or 2 teaspoons crumbled dried, 1 green bell pepper, cut into julienne strips, 12 cup Kalamata or other brinecured olives, pitted and sliced, 6 cherry tomatoes, sliced thin crosswise], title: Greek Phyllo Pie, picturelink: null}, 40736: {instructions: Snap off the ends of 2 bunches thin asparagus discard. Toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet season with salt and pepper. Broil until slightly charred, 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a platter and drizzle with red wine vinegar and olive oil. Top with shaved asiago.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Broiled Asparagus, picturelink: Z4MMHCTEjcUchBCXRDGrBkX2yRoj2V.}, 40737: {instructions: Special equipment: candy thermometer, caramel molds, silicone baking matnPut the sugar in a pan. Cook over medium heat until the sugar turns caramel in color, then remove from the heat. Deglaze with the cream. Add the butter, salt, tea and vanilla extract. Cook until the thermometer reads 240 degrees F. Pour into desired mold, and cool. Serve the caramels with the Breton Shortbread.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSift the flour with the baking powder and salt. Using a whisk, beat the egg yolks and vanilla extract, adding the sugar in three stages until the mixture is thick and pale. Incorporate the butter. Add the sifted flour mixture and mix until combined. Roll out the dough 14inch thick in between two acetate sheets or parchment paper. Cut out and place on silicone mats. Chill for 30 minutes. Bake until golden, 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 10 ounces cream, 6 12 ounces glucose, 13 cup butter, 2 teaspoons Maldon sea salt, 1 teaspoon green tea, Dash vanilla extract, Breton Shortbread, recipe follows, 12 cup all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 2 egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 13 cup butter, room temperature], title: Gooey Green Tea Swamp Caramel, picturelink: null}, 40738: {instructions: Place the cutting board near the stovetop. Preheat a big, deep pot over medium heat. Add oil, garlic, and crushed pepper. As you chop vegetables peppers, onion, and celery, add them to the pot. Once vegetables are in there, increase heat a bit.nStir in olives, capers, and raisins. Salt the diced eggplant and stir into the pot. Add tomatoes, diced and crushed, to the pot and stir caponata well to combine. Cover pot and cook caponata 15 to 20 minutes, until vegetables are tender. Stir in parsley and remove pan from heat.nPolenta: Bring 3 cups chicken broth to a boil. Add polenta and stir constantly until the cornmeal masses together. Stir in herbs, butter, cheese, salt, and pepper.nSpread polenta out over a serving platter. Make a shallow well from the center out and fill with half of the prepared caponata. This stands as a complete dinner on its own, so rich with vitamins and fresh vegetables. Refrigerate the remaining caponata for a later use.nIf you prepare a salad, keep it simple. Dress mixed greens with oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper. Caponata can also be used as a bruschetta topping., ingredients: [2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 to 34 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 cubanelle Italian long green pepper, seeded and diced, 1 large sweet onion, peeled and chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 12 cup large green olives, pitted and chopped, 12 cup Kalamata black olives, pitted and chopped, 1 3ounce jar capers, drained, 12 cup a couple of handfuls golden raisins, 1 medium firm eggplant, diced, Salt, 1 32ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 cup quickcook polenta, found in Italian foods or specialty foods aisles, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed and chopped, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves removed and chopped finely chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup grated Romano or Parmigiano, Salt and pepper, 6 cups mixed greens, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Serving suggestion: Mixed greens tossed with fresh herbs, dressed with oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper], title: Caponata and Herb Polenta, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 40739: {instructions: Special equipment: a 3inch round cutternFor the polenta: Add the milk, cayenne, bay leaf and 1 cup water to a saucepot and heat until just barely a simmer. Stir in the polenta and cook, stirring, until thickened, about 20 minutes. Stir in the mascarpone and Parmesan. Spray an 8by8inch baking dish with cooking spray and press the polenta in the bottom of the dish. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge to set, about 1 hour.nFor the cacciucco: Add the wine, half of the chopped fennel reserve the fronds for garnish, half of the chopped onions, a pinch of red pepper flakes and some salt to a large stockpot about 8 quarts. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Cook until the wine is reduced by onehalf, then fill the pot halfway with water. Squish in the tomatoes with your hands and add them to the pot with their juices. Add the shrimp shells and cod carcass. Season with another pinch of red pepper flakes and some salt. Bring to a simmer and simmer for 30 minutes. Strain and reserve this tomato base.nIn a separate saucepot, bring some water to a boil prepare an ice bath. Blanch the haricot verts in the boiling water, then shock in the ice bath. Reserve.nIn a large highsided skillet, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat. Add the remaining chopped fennel and onions and saute until translucent. Add the garlic and saute for a minute more. Add a ladle of the tomato base to the skillet and bring to a simmer. Add the clams, saffron and fennel pollen, cover and cook. Remove the clams from the skillet as they open and set aside. Add another 2 ladles of the tomato base and the lemon juice to the skillet and keep warm.nSeason the bass fillets with salt. In a nonstick pan, add the remaining tablespoon olive oil and heat over medium heat. Place the fillets in the pan skinside down. Panfry the fish 2 minutes per side and remove to a baking sheet skinside up. Add the shrimp and haricot verts with a pinch of salt and red pepper flakes to the pan and cook until the shrimp are pink.nAdd the clams back to the skillet with the tomato base.nRemove the polenta from the fridge and flip it out onto a cutting board. Using a 3inch round cutter, cut out rounds and place 1 in the bottom of each of 4 serving bowls. Top each with some haricot verts, a bass fillet, a couple of big shrimp and 2 to 3 clams. Then ladle about 12 cup of broth over top. Garnish with fennel fronds and a pinch of fennel pollen., ingredients: [1 cup milk, Pinch cayenne, 1 fresh bay leaf, 1 cup polenta, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking dish, 12 bottle white wine, 1 head fennel with nice fronds, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, Red pepper flakes, as needed, Kosher salt, One 32ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, 1 cup shrimp shells, 1 cod carcass, 8 ounces haricot verts, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 8 ounces littleneck clams, Pinch saffron, Pinch fennel pollen, plus more for garnish, 12 lemon, juiced, Four 4ounce black bass fillets, skin on, patted dry, 8 ounces giant shrimp, shelled and deveined], title: Black Bass and Gamberi Cacciucco, picturelink: G4t0iI0J2tyezN3P6vEBKYzYq1tPjDW}, 40740: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 30 to 40 6inch candylollipop sticks.nMelt the chocolate in a heatproof bowl over simmering water. Dip 1 candylollipop stick into the melted chocolate this will help the brownie adhere better to the stick. With clean hands, or wearing rubber gloves, scoop out 1 heaping tablespoon of brownie. Mold the brownie onto the stick, making sure the brownie is somewhat secure. Carefully dippaint each stick individually with melted chocolate with the help of a spoon, allowing some of the chocolate to get onto the stick. This will act as glue and keep the pop from falling apart when you bite into it. Dip into different toppings, as desired. Place onto a parchmentlined baking sheet.nOnce all the pops are finished, place into the refrigerator for about 30 minutes to set.nPreheat your oven to 325 degrees F.nFor your brownie batter, melt your butter in a medium or large heatproof bowl over a pot of simmering water.nWhile the butter is melting, whisk the cocoa powder, sea salt and sugar in a separate bowl. The sugar and salt will work as abrasive agents to get any lumps out of the cocoa. Whisk the cocoasugarsalt combo into the melted butter until the sugar has dissolved fully. The mixture should look like fudge and pull away from the bowl into a ball. Take off the stove and set the pan on a dishtowel on your counter. Allow the fudgy mixture to cool down until its warm, but not hot anymore.nWhile that is cooling, line the bottom and sides of your 9 by 13inch baking pan with parchment paper or foil. You want to leave about 4 inches of overhang on the 2 opposite sides. These serve as your handles to remove the brownies from the pan in 1 piece, so make sure that there is enough of the overhang for you to have a solid grip. Grease the parchment or foil well.nStir in the vanilla into the cooled fudge mixture to loosen it up. Add the eggs into the mixture 1 at a time, adding the second egg after the first egg is fully incorporated. The batter should look shiny and well blended. Add in your flour and stir it until its fully incorporated. Once it looks fully blended, beat the batter vigorously for at least 45 strokes. Thisll not only get out any pent up stress, but it will make the brownies chewy. Fold in your chocolate chips. Spread the very thick and fudgy brownie batter evenly in the lined pan with an offset spatula or your greased hands.nPop the brownies in the oven and bake until they get a nice crust and your house smells like brownies, 20 to 25 minutes. Let them cool completely on a rack or a dishtowel on your counter., ingredients: [2 11 12ounce bags milk chocolate morsels recommended: Nestle or Hersheys, 1 recipe Decedent Brownies, at room temperature, recipe follows, Various toppings: chopped peanuts, coconut flakes, mini chocolate chips, sprinkles, etc., 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, plus more, softened, for pan, 1 cup unsweetened natural cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 13 cup sugar, 1 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 eggs, at room temperature, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: Decadent Brownie Pops, picturelink: 8pulyD73AluPFdwtSG9HFz8rrCRwaC}, 40741: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pasta: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass or ceramic baking dish.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes.nIn a large nonstick skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook until brown and crispy, about 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pancetta and drain on paper towels.nFor the sauce: In a 2quart saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth, about 2 minutes. Gradually add the milk, whisking constantly to prevent lumps. Add the lemon zest. Simmer over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the sauce thickens, about 10 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the Parmesan, salt and pepper.nIn a large bowl, combine the cheese sauce, cooked pancetta, pasta, basil and thyme. Toss until the ingredients are coated. Stir in the lemon juice. Spoon the mixture into the prepared baking dish and sprinkle with the mozzarella.nFor the topping: In a small bowl, combine the breadcrumbs and Parmesan.nSprinkle the topping over the pasta mixture. Drizzle the top with olive oil and bake until the top is golden brown, 25 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes and serve., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the baking dish, Salt, 1 pound ziti pasta, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 ounces pancetta, sliced into 14inch thick slices, chopped, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 12 cups whole milk, at room temperature, Zest of 2 large lemons, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 14 cup fresh lemon juice from 1 large lemon, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, 23 cup plain breadcrumbs, 13 cup grated Parmesan, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Baked Lemon Ziti, picturelink: q3e89yTuSkctVTC81VPs2kChMSYE.GW}, 40742: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the flaky butter pie crust: Mix the flour and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter and cut it in with a pastry blender until the largest pieces are the size of small peas and the mixture begins to clump on the pastry blender. Shuffle through the mixture with your hands, pinching chunks of fat to flatten them.nStir the vinegar and 5 tablespoons ice water together in a bowl. Add the liquid to the flour mixture and stir with a fork. Pinch a clump of dough in your hands: If it feels moist and clumps together easily, its probably hydrated enough. If it feels really crumbly, add another tablespoon or two of ice water until you can form a baseballsize clump of dough, packing it on as if you were making a snowball.nDivide the dough in half and form each half into a flat disk. Wrap both disks in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 2 days.nThirty minutes before youre ready to roll out the dough, remove it from the refrigerator and let it sit at room temperature to soften. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the blueberry filling: In a bowl, toss the blueberries with the sugar, cornstarch and lemon zest and juice and mix until combined.nDust a worktop and rolling pin with flour. Roll out one dough disk a little less than 1u00bf4 inch thick, about 14 inches in diameter. Fold the dough in half and transfer it to a 9 or 10inch pie plate. Unfold. Press the dough into the corners, leaving the overhang for now. Refrigerate the first crust while you roll out the second disk of dough.nRemove the bottom crust from the refrigerator and fill it with the berry mixture. Tuck the pats of cold butter beneath the top layer of berries. Top with the second piece of dough, and trim both to a 12inch overhang around the pie. Tuck the overhang into a roll and crimp the edge, pressing down to hook some of the dough over the edge of the dish, holding the pie. Cut a hole in the center of the pie, as well as some decorative vents.nBrush the top of the pie with cream and dust it with sugar. Bake for 20 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for another 20 minutes. Cover the edges of the pie with foil and continue to bake until the center juices bubble and thicken, 25 to 35 minutes more.nLet the pie cool until it is just warm to the touch before slicing and serving. Top with ice cream., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 teaspoon fine sea salt, 9 ounces 2 sticks plus 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 6 cups blueberries, 34 cup sugar, plus more for dusting the pie, 5 tablespoons cornstarch, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into thin pats, Heavy cream, for brushing the pie, Ice cream, for serving], title: BlueberryLemon Pie with a Butter Crust, picturelink: h2fqZbItTRrLL2nmgNmOT1Epj0XhxO}, 40743: {instructions: Special equipment: a kitchen torch, optional, a stand mixer with paddle and whisk attachments, donut molds, piping bags with number 3 or 4 large round tips and a number 0 round tip, a candy thermometer, Silpat or silicone baking matnFor the whoopie pie: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPaddle the butter in stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment at medium speed until soft, light and the consistency of mayonnaise. Use a kitchen torch to gently warm the bowl if necessary.nAdd the sugar and paddle at medium speed until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl often, about 5 minutes. Add the cocoa powder and continue to paddle at medium speed until completely incorporated. Scrape down the sides of the bowl 3 or 4 times to ensure all the cocoa powder is well mixed in, another 5 minutes.nAdd the eggs one at a time and mix at medium speed until well incorporated. Scrape down the bowl and paddle after each addition.nSift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt and espresso powder in a medium bowl. With the mixture on the lowest speed, alternate adding the dry ingredients and water, beginning and ending with the dry ingredients. Scrape well.nPaddle at top speed until smooth and slightly glossy, 5 to 6 minutes.nPlace the cake batter in a piping bag. Spray the donut molds with cooking spray. Pipe a thin layer of cake batter into each donut mold, enough to just cover the bottom, about 12 inch thick.nBake until the cake has set and a tester comes out clean, 5 to 7 minutes. Let cool completely on a rack. Repeast to make 48 donut cakes total.nFor the marshmallow: Bloom the sheets of gelatin in some ice water. Combine the 1 14 cups sugar, corn syrup and 12 cup water in a saucepan and cook on mediumhigh heat until a candy thermometer reads 238 degrees F.nMeanwhile, when the sugar reaches 218 degrees F, begin to whip the egg whites, salt and lemon juice with a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment at medium speed. When egg whites become frothy, gradually add 2 teaspoons granulated sugar. Continue to whip the egg whites to soft peaks. Time this well so egg whites are at soft peaks when the sugar mixture reaches 238 degrees F.nSqueeze the excess water from the bloomed gelatin and add to the hot sugar mixture. Swirl the pot to melt the gelatin do not stir. Remove from the heat.nWith the stand mixer on mediumlow speed, slowly pour the hot sugar mixture into the whipping meringue, being careful not to let the sugar hit the whisk and splatter.nWhen all the hot sugar mixture has been poured in, increase the mixer speed to high. Add a splash of vanilla extract and whip the marshmallow until the bowl is cool to the touch and the marshmallow holds its shape, but is still loose and glossy, about 8 minutes. Place the marshmallow in a piping bag with number 3 or 4 large round tip. Makes about 3 cupsnFor the hippen tuile: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPaddle the butter in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment at medium speed until smooth and creamy, about 3 minutes. Add the sugar and paddle at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl often. Slowly add the egg whites and continue to paddle at medium speed until completely combined.nReduce the speed of the mixer to the lowest setting, add the flour and vanilla extract and mix until combined. The batter will resemble cake batter.nScoop tuile batter into a pastry bag fitted with a number 0 tip. Chill the batter until firm, about 20 minutes.nPipe the chilled batter into desired shapes small rectangles to resemble buckles on a baking sheet lined with a Silpat or silicone baking mat. The batter will be stiff loosen it slightly by the kneading pasty bag with your hands. Chill the piped tuile cookies until the batter is firm, about 10 minutes. This is a very important step so that the cookies maintain their shapes.nBake the tuiles until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Let cool completely before taking the cookies off the baking sheet. The tuiles will crisp as they cool.nTo assemble: Pipe a ring of marshmallow onto the bottom of a cake ring. Top with another cake ring, pressing down gently to distribute the marshmallow. Attach a buckle cookie to the marshmallow filling on the side. Repeat with the remaining whoopee pie pieces, marshmallows and tuiles. Enjoy, ingredients: [34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 34 cups cocoa powder, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 13 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 1 12 cups ice water, Nonstick cooking spray, 5 sheets gelatin, Ice water, for blooming the gelatin, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, plus 2 teaspoons, Generous 12 cup corn syrup, 6 large egg whites, at room temperature, Pinch of kosher salt, Splash of lemon juice, Splash of vanilla extract, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 large egg whites, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Pilgrim Whoopie Pie, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 40744: {instructions: Begin by toasting quinoa in a dry saute pan over medium heat. In a small bowl, mix the yogurt with the cinnamon and zest. Slice the mangoes. Arrange the fruit equally on 4 chilled salad plates around the fanned mango and place the yogurt in the center. Garnish each plate with mint leaves and sprinkle a teaspoon of the toasted quinoa over the fruit and yogurt. , ingredients: [2 tablespoons quinoa, cooked, 8 ounces nonfat yogurt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon orange, zest, 1 mango, cut in 12, 12 ounces papaya, peeled and sliced, 8 ounces melon, peeled and sliced, 4 ounces strawberries, washed and hulled, 4 limes, cut in 12, 4 mint leaves, for garnish], title: Fresh Fruit and Spiced Yogurt, picturelink: null}, 40745: {instructions: Husk, rinse and chop 1 pound tomatillos. Puree with 12 chopped cucumber, 6 ounces vodka, 2 tablespoons horseradish, a few dashes each of Worcestershire sauce and green hot sauce, 12 teaspoon celery salt and a pinch of kosher salt. Pour into 4 icefilled glasses. Garnish with red celery.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [], title: Green Bloody Mary, picturelink: B7nXwXqknCV385th.enEcZyUMGUCQS}, 40746: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a standard cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners.nSift the sugar, flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt into a medium bowl. Set the bowl aside. In a small bowl, whisk together the seltzer water, coffee, oil, and vanilla. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and whisk until just incorporated. Add the vinegar and incorporate. Do not over mix the batter.nFill the cupcake liners 34 full and bake until a toothpick inserted into each cupcake comes out clean, 19 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the ganache: Heat the soy creamer in a double boiler over medium heat until steaming. Do not boil. In a separate bowl, pour the hot creamer over the chocolate and let sit for 30 seconds. Whisk the soy creamer and chocolate until the chocolate is melted and the 2 ingredients are completely combined. The ganache should be thick, but still pourable. Set aside.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer, whip the shortening, margarine, and banana compound. Scrape the bottom of the bowl to ensure that all ingredients are mixed thoroughly. On low speed, slowly add the sugar a little at a time. Once the sugar is incorporated, mix on mediumhigh speed until all the ingredients are combined and the frosting is fluffy, about 2 minutes. Drop the whole banana into the frosting and let it mix for an additional 2 minutes, or until the banana is mashed. On low speed, add in the soy milk until incorporated, a little at a time until desired consistency is reached. Put the frosting into a pastry bag and cut 12 inch off the tip.nIn a small saucepan, melt the brown sugar and margarine on medium heat. When the sugar crystals are completely dissolved in the melted margarine, add the rum and mix. Add the sliced bananas and stir gently. Let it come to a boil and thicken to desired texture. Remove from the heat and let cool.nTo assemble: Dip the tops of each cupcake into the ganache so that the entire cupcake top is covered. Set aside for 10 minutes to allow the ganache to set on the cupcake. Pipe a dollop of banana frosting on top of each cupcake and garnish the top with 2 slices caramelized bananas., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup flour, 13 cup cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup seltzer water, 14 cup coffee, brewed strong, cooled, 13 cup oil, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon vinegar, 4 ounces soy creamer recommended: Silk, 8 ounces good quality chocolate, 12 ounces nonhydrogenated vegetable shortening recommended: Earth Balance, 4 12 ounces nonhydrogenated vegan margarine recommended: Earth Balance, 1 teaspoon banana compound, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 12 cups powdered sugar, 1 ripe banana, 12 cup soy milk, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon nonhydrogenated vegan margarine recommended: Earth Balance, 1 tablespoon rum, 2 ripe bananas, sliced into 14inch slices], title: Gilbert Ganachefried Cupcakes: Chocolate Seltzer Cupcakes with Ganache, Banana Frosting, and Caramelized Banana, picturelink: VSF9iGZ5f39LpBUCTtaYkKEBZ83iGTK}, 40747: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F or as directed on package for baking pizza.nSpread sauce over pizza dough or crust.nTop evenly with mozzarella cheese.nArrange tomatoes cut side up on cheesenSprinkle parmesan cheese on top of tomatoesnBake as directed or until cheese is bubbly and crust is browned.nTop with basil after removing from oven.nLet sit for 5 minutes and serve warm., ingredients: [1 premade 12inch pizza dough or prebaked crust, 12 cup tomato or alfredo sauce, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 1 package NatureSweet Cherry Tomatoes, halved, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil], title: Homemade Pizza Bursting with NatureSweet Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 40748: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a nonstick omelet pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and onions and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Gently stir in the ham and peppers and cook for an additional 2 minutes.nIn a large bowl add the eggs and whisk until well blended. Stir in the grated cheese and mix to combine. Add the egg and cheese mixture to the pan, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir gently with a heatproof spatula. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the egg begins to thicken, about 2 minutes. Put the pan in the oven until eggs are set and slightly puffed and brown on top, about 5 minutes.nRemove from the oven and garnish with fresh parsley. Transfer to a serving platter, cut into wedges and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup grated russet potato, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 14 cup diced serrano ham, 1 roasted red pepper, roughly chopped, 4 eggs, 14 cup grated manchego cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Spanish Tortilla, picturelink: null}, 40749: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium skillet, melt the butter over mediumlow heat. Add the rice and saute until it is light brown, about 5 minutes.nSpread the rice in a 9 by 13 by 2inch casserole. Sprinkle the pork chops with salt and arrange them on top of the rice. Pour the broth and 23 cup water over the chops. Spread the onion rings over the chops and sprinkle them with the pepper. Cover the dish with aluminum foil and bake until the pork chops are tender, about 45 minutes.nChange the oven to broil, add a bit more broth if the rice is dry and return the dish to the oven for a couple of minutes until the pork is browned., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 1 cup long grain white rice, 4 pork chops, bone in, Salt, One 10ounce can beef broth, plus more if needed, 4 onion slices, separated into rings, 14 teaspoon pepper], title: Pork Chops and Rice, picturelink: oDBax51IQYwdStKayOmlIYAbiYzJza}, 40750: {instructions: For the cornbread muffins: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Grease a regularsize muffin tin. Mix the buttermilk, vegetable oil and egg in a bowl. Add the cornmeal mix and salt and stir. The batter should be pourable. Pour the batter into the prepared muffin tin, filling the cups threequarters full. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes. For the Cajun butter: Mix the butter, brown sugar, chili powder, oregano, cayenne, garlic powder, salt and pepper in a bowl. Spread on the corn muffins., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the muffin tin, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg, 2 cups selfrising cornmeal mix, such as Martha White, Pinch of salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 12 teaspoon brown sugar, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Cornbread Muffins with Cajun Butter, picturelink: null}, 40751: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients and whisk until well blended and creamy.nUse at once or cover and refrigerate for up to 2 days.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 14 cup heavy cream, Grated zest and juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Lime Crema, picturelink: null}, 40752: {instructions: Mix together the oranges, fennel, scallion, currants, vinegar and honey in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Preheat grill. Rub each tuna steak on both sides with the mint leaves and brush with the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and grill for 2 minutes on each side for rare or longer for desired doneness., ingredients: [3 blood oranges or regular, if out of season, peeled and segmented, 12 cup fennel, julienned, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced scallion, 1 tablespoon currants, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 tuna steaks, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Grilled Tuna Rubbed with Fresh Mint with Orange and Fennel Relish, picturelink: null}, 40753: {instructions: Scoop the ice cream into chilled bowls and set aside in the refrigerator. In a large saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, stir the butter and sugar to form a smooth syrup. Add the mango and baste for 1 minute. Add the bananas and baste for another minute. Carefully pour in the tequila and let warm for a few seconds. If it does not burst into flames spontaneously, ignite with a match. Gently swirl the pan and baste the bananas until the flames die out. Add the cream and cook for 1 more minute. Add the lime juice and give everything a final swirl together. Place the fruit around each ice cream scoop and spoon sauce over the top. Serve at once., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, 14 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 mango, peeled, pitted, and cut into large chunks, 2 to 3 bananas, peeled and cut crosswise into quarters, 14 cup tequila, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 lime, juiced], title: Tequila Bandito Mangoes and Bananas Foster, picturelink: null}, 40754: {instructions: Spoon 12 the yogurt into a parfait glass or any glass.nTop with 12 the strawberries, followed by 12 the cereal and 12 the chips.nContinue layering with remaining yogurt, strawberries, cereal, and chips. Serve with strawberries, if using. Dig in, ingredients: [6 ounces fatfree strawberry yogurt, 12 cup chopped strawberries, 14 cup peanut butter cereal with less than 3g fat per serving, lightly crushed, 1 teaspoon peanut butter chips, chopped, Fresh strawberries, as an accompaniment, optional], title: PB and J Yogurt Parfait, picturelink: null}, 40755: {instructions: To make the dressing, whisk all ingredients together in a small bowl cover, and refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the salad, toss macaroni in a large bowl with ham, celery, peas, pickles, red pepper and scallions add dressing and toss again. Garnish with cherry tomatoes., ingredients: [34 cup buttermilk, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Black pepper to taste, 3 cups cooked elbow macaroni, 1 pound lean, cooked ham, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 12 cup peas, 12 cup chopped sweet pickles, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 2 scallions, chopped, Cherry tomatoes], title: Macaroni Salad, picturelink: null}, 40756: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the drained beans and chicken broth in a large bowl.nIn a saute pan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, tomato, chile, and garlic. Saute until the onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Rub the oregano, between palms of your hands and sprinkle over the beans. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Add the beans and broth to the pan and simmer for 10 minutes. Cool the beans for about 5 minutes before putting them in the blender. Carefully, pour the mixture into a blender and puree. Return the pureed mixture to the pan and gently reheat over mediumlow heat, stirring frequently.nUsing tongs, pass the tortillas 1 by 1 through the refried bean sauce until they are somewhat softened and coated on both sides with the sauce. Set aside on a plate. Fill each tortilla with 14 cup of shredded cheese. Fold in half and arrange them, overlapping, in a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Top with an additional 1 to 1 12 cups of the bean sauce, just enough to cover the beans but allow the edges of the folded tortillas to show. Bake until cheese is melted about 10 to 15 minutes.nTo serve, drizzle with Mexican sour cream lengthwise in a 2inch thick strip down the center of the dish. Top with 8 overlapping red onion rings., ingredients: [4 cups cooked pinto beans, Frijoles De La Olla, recipe follows drained, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 34 cup chopped onion, 1 plum tomato, roughly chopped, 1 medium serrano chile, seeded and minced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 corn tortillas, 2 cups shredded Manchego, Swiss or Monterrey Jack cheese, Mexican crema or regular sour cream, for drizzling, 2 thin slices red onion, separated into rings], title: Tortilla, Bean and Cheese Casserole Enfrijoladas, picturelink: aVkiY1CQ.H8dTVw5FiAi2viO3tM2xi}, 40757: {instructions: To make the sauce: Melt butter in a 1 12 to 2quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat. Whisk in flour and cook the roux, whisking, 2 minutes. Add the milk in a stream, whisking, and bring to a boil over high heat, whisking constantly sauce will thicken. Reduce heat and simmer, whisking occasionally, 2 minutes, then whisk in salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Remove from heat and whisk in cheese, then cover pan.nTo make the cannelloni: Heat oil in a 5 to 6quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute onion and garlic, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add spinach and saute, stirring, until just wilted, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and cool completely.nStir together ricotta, egg, parsley, prosciutto, if using, salt, pepper, and 13 cup cheese in a bowl, then stir in spinach mixture.nBoil pasta 2 pieces at a time in a 6 to 8quart pot of boiling salted water, stirring to separate, until just tender, about 2 minutes for fresh pasta or about 6 minutes for ovenready noodles. Gently transfer with a slotted spoon to a large bowl of cold water to stop cooking, then remove from bowl, shaking off water, and lay flat in between layers of plastic wrap. Trim ovenready noodles, if using, as closely as possible to 6 14 by 5 12inch rectangles.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSpread 23 cup sauce in buttered baking dish. Spread about 13 cup ricotta filling in a line along 1 short side of 1 pasta rectangle, then roll up to enclose filling. Transfer, seam side down, to baking dish. Make 7 more cannelloni in same manner, arranging snugly in 1 layer. Spread 12 cup more sauce over cannelloni and sprinkle with remaining cheese. Bake, covered with foil, in middle of oven until sauce is bubbling, about 20 minutes.nTurn on broiler.nRemove foil and broil cannelloni about 5 inches from heat until lightly browned, 2 to 4 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before serving. Reheat remaining sauce and serve on the side., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 34 ounce finely grated Pecorino Romano or ParmigianoReggiano about 13 cup, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 10 ounces baby spinach, 1 34 cups ricotta 12 ounces fresh or 15 ounces supermarketstyle, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, chopped, optional, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 ounce finely grated Pecorino Romano or ParmigianoReggiano 12 cup, 8 6 by 4inch fresh pasta rectangles or 8 ovenready sometimes labeled noboil Lasagna noodles, Special equipment: a 13 by 9 by 2inch ceramic baking dish or other shallow 3quart flameproof baking dish not glass], title: Spinach and Cheese Cannelloni, picturelink: null}, 40758: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the turkey breast, skin side up, on a rack in a roasting pan.nIn a small bowl, combine the garlic, mustard, herbs, salt, pepper, olive oil, and lemon juice to make a paste. Loosen the skin from the meat gently with your fingers and smear half of the paste directly on the meat. Spread the remaining paste evenly on the skin. Pour the wine into the bottom of the roasting pan.nRoast the turkey for 1 34 to 2 hours, until the skin is golden brown and an instantread thermometer registers 165 degrees F when inserted into the thickest and meatiest areas of the breast. I test in several places. If the skin is overbrowning, cover the breast loosely with aluminum foil. When the turkey is done, cover with foil and allow it to rest at room temperature for 15 minutes. Slice and serve with the pan juices spooned over the turkey., ingredients: [1 whole bonein turkey breast, 6 12 to 7 pounds, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 cup dry white wine], title: HerbRoasted Turkey Breast, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 40759: {instructions: In a saucepan combine vinegar, wine and shallots. Over low to medium heat reduce mixture to about 1 tablespoon of product. Mixture will become like a jam. Add mustard and combine.nOver low heat add olive oil while continually whisking. Continue to add oil slowly during emulsification.nStrain sauce optional. Season with salt and pepper to taste, ingredients: [2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 12 teaspoon mustard, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Alternative to ButterEgg Sauces, picturelink: null}, 40760: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a loaf pan with nonstick cooking spray.nPuree the tomatoes in a blender and measure out 2 cups for the cake. Reserve any remaining juice for the glaze.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, cream the brown sugar and butter together until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs one at a time, and then mix in the 2 cups tomato puree. Sift together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt in a bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the tomatobutter mixture and mix to combine.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool slightly, and then remove from the pan and transfer to a rack to cool completely.nTo make the tomato glaze, mix together the confectioners sugar and 2 tablespoons of the reserved tomato juice until the mixture reaches a glazelike consistency. Drizzle over the top of the cake., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying loaf pan, 1 pound vine tomatoes about 3, 1 cup light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 2 eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup confectioners sugar], title: Tomato Cake with Tomato Glaze, picturelink: acuEfOWzryDnOCQk4w5MXjL7LmOMmMW}, 40761: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line standard cupcake pans with 18 cupcake liners.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar until light and smooth. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating until each is smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl if needed. Add the vanilla. Sift the cocoa, flour, baking powder, soda, and salt in a large bowl. In the creamed bowl, alternate the leftover ingredients beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Stir in the sauerkraut. Fill the cupcake liners 23 full. Bake until the cupcake springs back when touched, about 35 minutes. Transfer the pans to wire racks to cool completely before removing the cupcakes.nTo assemble: Frost the cooled cupcakes with Beer Frosting.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix the softened butter with half the confectioners sugar. Add the cocoa, salt, and roughly 13 of the beer. Beat until smooth. Alternate adding the remaining sugar with the remaining beer and beat until fluffy.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results. ., ingredients: [23 cup butter, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 2 14 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon soda, 1 cup beer recommended: Capital Munich Dark, 23 cup sauerkraut, 1 cup raisins optional, 1 cup chopped nuts optional, Beer Frosting, recipe follows, 12 cup butter, softened, 3 12 cup confectioners sugar, divided, 13 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 13 cup beer, divided recommended: Capital Munich Dark], title: Beer and Sauerkraut Fudge Cupcakes, Beer Frosting, picturelink: RCBXM7xdmQlip5qb2Nls6TW7IEW9hfO}, 40762: {instructions: Separate won ton wrappers and diagonally halve. In a 4 quart heavy saucepan heat oil over moderately high heat until a deep fat thermometer registers 375 degrees and fry won tons, 2 at a time, turning constantly with a slotted spoon to ensure even browning, 5 seconds. With spoon transfer won tons as fried to paper towels to drain and season with salt. Won tons may be fried 1 day ahead and kept in a airtight container at room temperature. To make guacamole, first pit and peel avocados. Cut avocados into 12inch cubes. Seed and coarsely chop tomato. Mince onion and thinly slice scallions. In a bowl gently stir together avocados, tomato, onion, scallions, 14 cup lime juice, salt to taste, and remaining guacamole ingredients. Stir in additional lime juice to taste. In a bowl stir together sour cream, chili sauce, and shichimi. Cut lobster meat into 1212inch pieces. Top guacamole with lobster and sour cream mixture and serve with fried won ton., ingredients: [20 won ton wrappers, thawed if frozen, 4 cups canola oil, 2 California avocados, 1 medium tomato, 1 medium red onion, 2 large scallions, 14 to 12 cup fresh lime juice, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons sake, 1 tablespoon sambal oelek, 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh gingerroot, Freshly ground white pepper, to taste, 13 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon sriracha chili sauce, 1 teaspoon shichimi spice, 12 pound cooked lobster meat], title: Lobster Nachos with Asian Guacamole and Spicy Sour Cream, picturelink: null}, 40763: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCream the butter and sugar together with an electric mixer until fluffy. In a separate bowl, combine the flour and salt. Mix the flour into the butter mixture, alternating with the sherry, making sure to finish with the flour. Stir in the ground pecans.nDrop by the teaspoonful onto a cookie sheet and roll each portion between your palms to make smooth, even balls. Press each one into the cookie sheet and brush with beaten egg white. Using a fork, knife or another tool, press a design into the top of each cookie, or press a pecan half, right side up, into each ball or dough. Bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. Remove from the oven, let cool a few minutes and remove to a wire rack to cool completely.nCool and let cookies sit overnight to ripen. Serve or store in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 12 cups unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 34 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 3 13 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 cup ground pecans, 2 egg whites, beaten, Pecan halves, optional], title: Sherry Butter Nut Drops, picturelink: TjiWayyAqjN.pJhj65Z2LvIwEflJWey}, 40764: {instructions: Cut the red gumdrops in half diagonally and press the cut sides into the sanding sugar. Arrange in a petal pattern slightly off center on the cupcake, with the narrower end toward the center. Put the yellow gumdrop wideend up in the center. Cut the green jelly candy into thin vines and press between 2 of the petals., ingredients: [3 red and 1 yellow gumdrop candies, such as Dots, White sanding sugar, 1 frosted cupcake about 2 tablespoons frosting works best, 1 green jelly spaghetti or other jelly candy], title: Sparkly Dot Flower, picturelink: KZmERFhrO5bFnOGUUNGFfJgNsCTvc6e}, 40765: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the peel from the lemon in strips with a vegetable peeler take care not to peel too deeply leave the pith on the lemon. Put the peel in a container with the sugar, and shake to disperse. Let it sit for at least a full day before using., ingredients: [1 lemon, 2 cups sugar], title: LemonPeel Sugar, picturelink: TJedmKVW2WmSFT01rodKRh74CMlxJYm}, 40766: {instructions: Combine the yogurt, buttermilk, mayonnaise, vinegar, curry powder, garlic, salt and some pepper in a medium bowl and whisk to incorporate. Combine the chicken, apple, grapes and watercress in a large salad bowl. Pour the dressing over and toss to thoroughly coat. Taste and adjust the salt, pepper and curry powder as desired. Arrange a lettuce leaf on each of 4 salad plates. Divide the salad evenly among the plates and top with chopped almonds., ingredients: [14 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 14 cup lowfat buttermilk, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups grilled chicken, roughly chopped, 12 Granny Smith apple, skin on, cored and chopped into large cubes, 34 cup red grapes, halved, 1 cup loosely packed watercress or flatleaf parsley, chopped, 4 large leaves romaine lettuce, 14 cup raw almonds, chopped], title: Chicken Salad with Apples and Grapes, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 40767: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 9 by 13inch baking pan with cooking spray.nPlace all ingredients except the syrup and eggs in a food processor and pulse until the mixture is finely chopped. Add the syrup and eggs and pulse until the mixture is well combined. It will resemble a coarse paste.nTransfer to the baking pan and spread evenly. Bake until just done, about 20 minutes. Cut into 20 squares., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup quick cooking rolled oats, 12 cup raw unsalted sunflower seeds, 12 cup toasted wheat germ, 14 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 12 cup dried apricots, 12 cup raw almonds, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup pitted dried dates, 12 cup powdered nonfat dry milk, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup pure maple syrup, 2 large eggs], title: Energy Bars, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 40768: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the orange juice and thyme in a small saucepan, over medium heat and bring to a boil. Cook until reduced by half and becomes a syrup. Strain into a bowl, then add the honey and harissa, to taste.nPreheat the grill to medium.nBrush the fillets with oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until slightly charred on both sides and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Remove to a platter, drizzle with the sauce and sprinkle with olives and parsley., ingredients: [3 cups fresh orange juice, Fresh thyme sprigs, 1 tablespoon honey, Harissa, to taste, 4 6ounce fillets wild striped bass, with skin, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cured black olives, pitted, coarsely chopped, Brined black olives, pitted, Roughly chopped flatleaf parsley], title: MoroccanStyle Striped Bass, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 40769: {instructions: Special equipment: a presentshaped cookie cutter about 2 inches by 2 12 inchesnFor the cookies: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In a separate large bowl using an electric mixer, beat together the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar, mixing until pale yellow and fluffy, 3 minutes. Add in the maple extract and eggs and mix well. Slowly incorporate the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and mix well.nTransfer the dough to a floured work surface, divide into two disks, wrap in plastic and chill in the refrigerator for about an hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nWorking with one disk at a time, roll out the dough to 14inch thickness. Cut out present shapes with the cookie cutter and place the cookies 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Reroll the scraps to get as many cookies as possible, returning the dough to the refrigerator to chill if necessary.nBake just until the edges start to brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Bake one sheet at a time for even cooking and browning. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack and let cool.nFor the penuche icing: In a small saucepan , combine the brown sugar and butter and set over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil and cook until slightly thickened, about 1 minute. Let cool for 10 minutes. Slowly add the milk and whisk until smooth. Slowly whisk in the confectioners sugar until the frosting reaches the desired consistency.nSpread the penuche icing over the cookies and sprinkle with the chopped pecans if using. Add royal icing detailing, such as a bow, if desired., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring work surface, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon maple extract, 2 large eggs, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup milk, 1 12 to 2 cups confectioners sugar, 34 cup pecans, chopped, optional, Royal icing, for detailing, optional], title: Maple Pecan Present Cookies with Penuche Icing, picturelink: null}, 40770: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain, reserving about 1 cup of the pasta water.nIn a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally until soft, about 7 minutes. Add the carrots and stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Add the peas to the pan and cook for 2 minutes until the peas are warmed through and the carrots are tender. Stir in the cooked pasta. Remove the pan from the heat and add the cheeses. Stir until the mixture is incorporated and forms a sauce. Season with salt, to taste. Transfer to a large serving bowl and garnish with chopped basil., ingredients: [12 pound 8 ounces pastina or other smallshaped pasta, such as farfallini, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, finely diced, 2 medium carrots, peeled and diced into 12inch pieces, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 1 cup frozen petite peas, thawed, 12 cup 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup 4 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Pastina with Peas and Carrots, picturelink: avQTYqDOxALt8kHcBWB2EEjEztd7ote}, 40771: {instructions: Boil the potatoes in their skins about 40 minutes, until easily pierced with a skewer. When cool enough to handle, peel and rice the potatoes, and set them aside to cool completely, spreading them loosely to expose as much surface as possible to air. The reason for this is to allow as much evaporation of moisture as possible to avoid the need of additional flour, therefore keeping the gnocchi light.nBefore proceeding further, bring 6 quarts of water and 2 tablespoons of the salt to a boil.nOn a cool, preferably marble work surface, gather the cold riced potatoes into a mound, forming a well in the center. Stir the remaining 1 teaspoon salt and the white pepper into the beaten eggs and pour the mixture into the well. Work the potatoes and eggs together with both hands, gradually adding 3 cups of the flour and scraping the dough up from the work surface with a knife as often as necessary. Incorporation of the ingredients should take no longer than 10 minutes. The longer the dough is worked, the more flour it will require and the heavier it will become.nDust the dough, your hands, and the work surface lightly with flour and cut the dough into six equal parts. Continue to dust dough, hands, and surface as long as the dough feels sticky.nUsing both hands, roll each piece of dough into a rope 12inch thick, then slice the ropes at 12 inch intervals. Indent each dumpling with a thumb, or use the tines of a fork to produce a ribbed effect. This facilitates adhesion of the sauce. Drop the gnocchi into boiling water a few at a time, stirring gently and continuously with a wooden spoon, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until they rise to the surface. Remove the gnocchi from the water with a slotted spoon or skimmer, transfer them to a warm platter, adding a little sauce of choice, and boil the remaining pieces in batches until all are done. Sauce as desired, add freshly ground white pepper to taste and, if appropriate, grated cheese, and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 large Idaho or Russet potatoes, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon salt, Dash of freshly ground white pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, 4 cups unbleached flour, Grated Parmigiano for serving], title: Gnocchi, picturelink: null}, 40772: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the sauerkraut, banana peppers, vinegar, jalapenos, salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper and granulated garlic. Pulse until finely chopped and well combined. Taste and adjust the seasoning as desired., ingredients: [2 cups bestquality sauerkraut, drained, 1 12 cups jarred banana peppers, drained, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 to 3 tablespoons pickled jalapeno rings, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic], title: Banana Pepper Sauerkraut, picturelink: null}, 40773: {instructions: Put orange juice, zest, halfandhalf, and sugar into a blender and process until the sugar has dissolved, about 30 seconds. Pour this mixture into a shallow pan and freeze until hard, 4 hours or overnight.nRemove the frozen orange mixture from the freezer and let it sit to soften slightly, about 10 minutes. With a scoop or tablespoon, scrape out a small scoop and put it into a Champagne glass. Slowly fill the glass with Champagne and serve garnished with strawberries., ingredients: [2 12 cups freshly squeezed orange juice 5 to 6 oranges, 1 orange, zested, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup superfine sugar, 1 bottle sparkling wine or Champagne, Strawberries, for garnish, Nonalcoholic sparkling wine, sparkling cider, or ginger ale can be substituted.], title: Orange Cream Mimosa, picturelink: yDeYZG4iC8qezVbQPDErlSEgfxh5bi}, 40774: {instructions: To make the soup: Remove the claws from the crabs and quarter the bodies. In a large stockpot, add the oil, ginger, shallots, and chile for 2 minutes until fragrant. Then add the crabs and miso. Cover with 1 gallon of cold water and place over medium heat simmer for 30 minutes. In the meantime, you can focus on assembling the wontons.nHeat a skillet over medium flame and coat with the peanut oil add the ginger, shallot, and carrot, saute for 2 minutes to soften. Put the lump crabmeat in a mixing bowl and scrape in the ginger mixture. Fold in the green onion, cilantro, mayonnaise, and lemon juice season with salt and pepper. Be careful not to mash the crabmeat, you want that texture when you bite into the wonton.nLay a wonton wrapper on a flat surface and brush with the beaten egg white. Drop 1 tablespoon of the crab filling onto the center of the wrapper. Fold the wonton in half, corner to corner, to form a triangle. Press around the filling to knock out any air bubbles, then press the seam together to seal so the filling doesnu2019t seep out. Brush the 2 side points with beaten egg white. Lay your index finger in the center so you have something to press up against, then fold the 2 sides into the center, slightly overlapping, and press the dough against your finger with your thumb to form a tight seal. Lightly dust the filled wontons with cornstarch to keep them from sticking together and place them on a cookie sheet. When these are folded they look like Pope hats.nWhen the wontons are all filled and folded, strain the soup broth to remove the solids and pour it into the hot pot. Bring the soup to a simmer. Toss in the shiitake mushrooms and the wontons simmer for 15 minutes until the wontons are cooked. Add the lime juice and cilantro ladle into soup bowls and serve., ingredients: [2 Dungeness crabs, 1 12 pounds each, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2inch piece ginger, peeled and whacked open with the flat side of a knife, 2 shallots, halved, 1 fresh red chili, split, 2 tablespoons light miso, 10 ounces shiitake mushrooms, 1 handful fresh cilantro, handtorn, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2inch piece fresh ginger, grated, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 12 carrot, finely chopped, 1 pound Dungeness crabmeat, picked through for shells, 1 green onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 12ounce package square wonton wrappers, 1 egg white, for brushing, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cornstarch, for dusting], title: Hot Pot with Crab Wontons, picturelink: null}, 40775: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly score the surface of the ham using a sharp knife and place in baking pan on a rack. Stir together the mustard and maple syrup and coat the ham with the mixture. Press the cloves randomly over the ham. Bake for 1 hour., ingredients: [One 6 to 8pound ham, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 13 cup maple syrup, 8 cloves], title: Glazed Baked Ham, picturelink: null}, 40776: {instructions: Combine all marinade ingredients.nSoak uncooked and unshelled shrimp in marinade for 1 to 1 12 hours turning periodically.nPlace on hot grill and cook until just pink and blackened on the outside.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [Jumbo shrimp 10 to 15 count, 12 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup white vinegar, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup canned sweetened coconut cream, 14 cup pineapple juice, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 good shake hot sauce], title: Shrimp on the Barbie, picturelink: null}, 40777: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until slightly crisp, about 6 minutes. Meanwhile, toss the turkey in a bowl with the flour, thyme, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste.nIncrease the heat to medium high and add 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet. When the oil is hot, add the turkey in one layer and cook, turning once, until lightly browned on both sides but not cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the turkey and bacon to a bowl.nHeat the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil in the pan, then add the okra and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth, 12 cup water, the corn and tomatoes and bring to a simmer cook, stirring occasionally, until the okra is tender and the tomatoes begin to fall apart, 3 to 5 minutes. Return the turkey and bacon to the pan and simmer until the turkey is just cooked through, about 1 more minute. Stir in the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme or 34 teaspoon dried thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 slices bacon, chopped, 1 14 pounds turkey cutlets, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound okra, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 4 ears corn, kernels removed about 3 cups, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Turkey and Okra Skillet Dinner, picturelink: RMyeKfxtSt4fTphqDKoc.6K6f5XJ1B6}, 40778: {instructions: Coat a 2 12quart ovenproof bowl with cooking spray. Prepare the cake mix as directed pour into the bowl. Bake at 325 degrees F until a toothpick comes out clean, about 1 hour. Let cool completely.nUnmold the cake from the bowl and position roundedside down. Using a long serrated knife, trim off the domed top to make the cake level.nUse a small serrated knife to cut a circle into the top of the cake, about 34 inch in from the edge and 1 12 inches deep. Use your fingers or a fork to pull out the cake in the middle.nFlip the cake over and place on a cardboard circle or plate lined with wax paper. Cover the rounded side with frosting, leaving the flat base unfrosted.nCut out a small cardboard circle and place on the unfrosted base. Flip the cake over onto another piece of wax paper.nFrost the lip and the inside of the cake the inside doesnt have to be perfectit will be covered with ice cream. Transfer to the freezer until the frosting sets, 30 minutes.nDip an offset spatula in hot water and wipe dry smooth out the frosting.nMicrowave the ice cream until softened but not melted. Scoop into the cavity of the cake and smooth with the spatula.nSprinkle the cereal on top and gently press into the ice cream. Freeze until firm, at least 2 hours. Add a spoon before serving.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 16to18ounce box chocolate cake mix plus required ingredients, 1 16ounce tub vanilla frosting, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 cup Froot Loops or other cereal], title: CerealBowl Cake, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 40779: {instructions: Special equipment: Parchment papernPosition a rack in the top third of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper, then arrange the bacon slices in a single layer on top. Bake until the bacon is golden brown and crispy, 15 to 20 minutes, flipping once halfway through. Transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate to absorb any excess fat, cool and then cut each slice in half making 12 smaller strips.nMeanwhile, from the top and 3 sides of the lettuce, slice 4 round cheeks 4 to 5 inches across to make 2 buns.nWhisk the yogurt, mayonnaise, chives, lemon juice and zest, and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper together in a small bowl.nAssemble the sandwiches: On a work surface, lay the lettuce buns cut side up and spread 1 tablespoon lemonpepper sauce on each side. Lay six strips of bacon on each bottom bun and top with two slices of tomato. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper and sandwich with remaining lettuce buns.nCopyright 2014 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [6 slices bacon about 6 ounces, 1 head iceberg lettuce 2 to 2 12 pounds, 2 tablespoons 2percent Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small tomato, cut into 4 slices], title: Iceberg BLTs, picturelink: gcK2mqJbKE7IhW0Z92kDkMzhH3le}, 40780: {instructions: Heat the grill to medium.nPull the outer husks down the ear to the base. Strip away the silk from each ear of corn by hand. Fold husks back into place and tie the ends together with kitchen string. Place the ears of corn in a large bowl of cold water with 1 tablespoon of salt for 10 minutes.nRemove corn from water and shake off excess. Place the corn on the grill, close the cover and grill for 15 to 20 minutes, turning every 5 minutes, or until kernels are tender when pierced with a paring knife. Remove the husks and eat on the cob or remove the kernels.nHow to remove corn kernels from cob: To remove kernels from cobs of either raw or cooked corn, stand cob upright on its stem end in a large pan, holding tip with fingers. Cut down the sides of cob with sharp paring knife, releasing kernels without cutting into cob. Run dull edge of knife down the cob to release any remaining corn and liquid., ingredients: [8 ears corn, Kosher salt], title: Perfectly Grilled Corn, picturelink: null}, 40781: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut a large sheet of parchment paper on a baking sheet. Arrange the lemon slices on the parchment, slightly overlapping, covering in an area just larger than the size of the tuna steaks. Season the tuna well on both sides with salt and pepper and arrange them directly on the lemon slices. Sprinkle the zest evenly over the tuna. Bring the 2 long sides of parchment together and fold down over the tuna fold the ends of the parchment and tuck them under the fish like an envelope. Roast in the oven until cooked through, about 18 to 20 minutes the tuna should flake easily with a fork and is no longer pink in the center.nOpen the parchment packet and let the tuna cool until it can be handled, then flake it with a fork. Transfer to a serving bowl along with any cooking juices it has released. Add the yogurt, grapes, and walnuts and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper and freshly squeezed lemon juice, to taste. Serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to eat.nCooks Note: Serve this healthy salad on butter lettuce leaves, on a slice of toasted seedy whole wheat bread, with fresh cantaloupe slices, or eat straight out of the refrigerator with a fork, ingredients: [2 large fresh tuna steaks about 1 12 pounds, 2 lemons, thinly sliced, plus 12 lemon, zested and juiced, as needed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup fat free Greek yogurt, 12 cup halved red grapes, 14 cup toasted and chopped walnuts], title: Tart and Crunchy Fresh Tuna Salad, picturelink: PSQaAH7gq29lj6ZGxg4ERMW5kev2PQy}, 40782: {instructions: Thirty minutes before grilling the steaks, remove them from the refrigerator and allow them to come to room temperature. Heat a grill with coals.nWhen the coals are hot, spread them out in the grill in one solid layer. Pat the steaks dry on both sides with paper towels and sprinkle them liberally with salt and pepper. Place the steaks on the hot grill and sear them on each side for 2 minutes, until browned. Brush each side lightly with olive oil. Place the lid on the grill and allow the steaks to cook for another 3 to 4 minutes, until they are cooked rare, or 120 degrees F on a meat thermometer. To test the steaks, insert the thermometer sideways to be sure youre actually testing the middle of the steak. Remove the steaks from the grill, place them in one layer on a platter and cover tightly with aluminum foil. Allow the steaks to rest at room temperature for 15 minutes.nFor the stilton sauce, place the stilton cheese in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade and blend until finely minced. Add the cream cheese, mayonnaise, sour cream, scallions, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, and Worcestershire sauce. Process until smooth.nSlice the steak and serve with the stilton sauce.nPhotograph by Quentin Bacon, ingredients: [4 1 14inchthick ribeye steaks, either boneless or bonein, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Good olive oil, 4 ounces stilton cheese, crumbled, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup good mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped scallions, white and green parts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce], title: RibEye Steaks With Stilton Sauce, picturelink: IB9SySbTEmeDrlpLUqz1uRH9FdmfWi}, 40783: {instructions: To prepare the Boiled Beef: In a stockpot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onions, celery, carrots, parsnips, and leeks and saute them just until glossy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the bay leaves, peppercorns, allspice, and beef stock. Bring to a boil, skimming away the froth that rises to the surface. Add the beef and reduce the heat to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper. Cook the beef until tender, 2 to 3 hours.nRemove the beef from the stockpot and let it rest for 15 minutes. Cut the meat crosswise, against the grain, into 12inchthick slices. Spread a thin layer of mustard on one side of each slice of beef. On a plate, stir together the breadcrumbs and minced parsley. Dip the mustard side of the beef slices into the mixture and press to thickly coat with crumbs.nIn 2 separate saucepans, gently reheat the Pickled Vegetables and Pickled Pumpkin. In each of 2 separate medium saute pans, heat 2 tablespoons of oil over medium heat. Carefully place the beef slices in the pan, crumb side down, and saute until golden in color, 30 seconds to 1 minute. With a spatula, carefully turn the slices over and cook just until reheated, 30 seconds to 1 minute more.nTo serve, place a generous spoonful of the heated pickled vegetables and pumpkin on each heated serving plate. Arrange 2 to 3 slices of beef on top, crumbsides up. Drizzle pumpkin seed oil around the beef slices and sprinkle with toasted pumpkin seeds. Garnish with alfalfa sprouts or micro greens. Serve immediately.nTo make the Pickled Vegetables: In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions and shallots and sweat them for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the red and yellow bell peppers and zucchini and cook until the onions are translucent, 3 to 4 minutes more. Add the vinegar and stir and scrape to deglaze the pan deposits. Add the bay leaves, rosemary, honey, and water. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Spoon the mixture into a sterilized jar, cover, and refrigerate for at least 3 days.nTo make the Pickled Pumpkin: In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and sweat them for 1 minute. Add the pumpkin and cook for 2 minutes more. Add with vinegar and stir and scrape to deglaze the pan deposits. Add the bay leaves, rosemary, honey, and water. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently, and simmer just until the squash cubes are al dente, about 15 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Spoon the mixture into a sterilized jar, cover, and refrigerate for at least 3 days., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 onions, peeled and cut in half, 3 ribs celery, trimmed, 3 carrots, peeled and trimmed, 3 parsnips, peeled and trimmed, 2 leeks, ends trimmed, thoroughly washed, and cut into 4inch pieces, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 4 whole allspice berries, 3 quarts beef stock or goodquality canned beef broth, 3 pounds boneless beef bottom round, rump, or shoulder roast, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 cup fresh white bread crumbs, 14 cup minced parsley leaves, Pickled Vegetables, recipe follows, Pickled Pumpkin, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, Pumpkin seed oil, for garnish, Toasted shelled pumpkin seeds, for garnish, Alfalfa sprouts or micro or baby greens, for garnish, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium onions, peeled and cut into 1inch squares, 4 shallots, peeled and sliced, 2 red bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, trimmed, and cut into 1inch squares, 2 yellow bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, trimmed, cut into 1inch squares, 3 zucchini, trimmed, halved lengthwise and cut into 12inch slices, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 2 bay leaves, 1 sprig rosemary, 14 cup honey, 12 cup water, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, peeled and sliced, 1 small winter squash kabocha or acorn, peeled, seeded, and cut into 12inch cubes about 4 cups, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 2 bay leaves, 1 sprig rosemary, 14 cup honey, 12 cup water, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Boiled Beef with Pickled Vegetables and Pumpkin Seed Oil, picturelink: null}, 40784: {instructions: Mix together all ingredients and set aside to let flavors meld together.nIn a large saucepan, heat oil and salt pork over medium high heat. Add sofrito and cook 1 minute. Add tomato paste and mix well, cook for 2 minutes. Add rice and cook 2 minutes being careful not to scorch the rice, turning all the time. Add saffron and gandules and stir constantly. Add liquid, stirring constantly. Add salt and pepper to taste and bring everything to a boil. Lower heat and simmer covered for 15 minutes. Do not disturb. After 15 minutes, check the rice. Stir. Recover. Turn off heat and let steam for 5 minutes more. Serve immediately with pernil asado or alone. The rice should be fluffy and separate. The color should be golden., ingredients: [12 cup Spanish olive oil, 1 small piece salt pork, 2 tablespoons sofrito marinade recipe follows, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 cup rice, 1 12ounce can goya gandules or pigeon peas, 1 teaspoon saffron, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 to 3 cups water or chicken stock, 1 green pepper, small dice, 12 Spanish onion, small dice, 4 to 5 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup cilantro, chopped], title: Arroz con Gandules Yellow Rice with Pigeon Peas, picturelink: null}, 40785: {instructions: Put scallions, ginger, thyme and garlic into a food processor and chop fine. Then add rice wine vinegar, oil and salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1bunch scallions, roughly chopped, 3 ounces ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 6 thyme sprigs, picked, 1 garlic clove, crushed, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 12 cups canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Scallion and Ginger Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40786: {instructions: Preheat the broiler,. Peel bananas and slice crosswise into 12inch thick slices. Mix the sugar and lime juice and toss with bananas. Spread bananas in shallow baking pan and broil until sugar has melted into a glaze, about 3 to 5 minutes. Serve immediately with sour cream and chopped pecans if desired., ingredients: [4 bananas, not too ripe, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon lime juice, Sour cream and 12 cup chopped toasted pecans, optional], title: Broiled Bananas, picturelink: null}, 40787: {instructions: In a large pot of boiling salted water cook macaroni until al dente. Drain and let cool in a large bowl. Add remaining ingredients and toss well. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 pounds tricolor fusilli, 1 8ounce bottle Italian dressing, 12 pound prosciutto, cubed, 12 pound mozzarella, cubed, 12 pound provolone, cubed, 1 can black olives, 3 plum tomatoes, diced, 3 stalks celery, diced, 1 carrot, grated], title: My Marys Italian Macaroni Salad, picturelink: null}, 40788: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F with a baking sheet on the middle rack.nRoll out the pie dough on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin into a 12inch round. Fit into a 9inch pie plate and trim the edge, leaving 12inch overhang. Fold the overhang under and lightly press against rim of pie plate, then crimp decoratively. Lightly prick the bottom all over with a fork. Chill until firm, at least 30 minutes or freeze for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a small, heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the brown sugar, whisking until smooth. Remove from the heat and whisk in the vanilla, zest, salt, and agave nectar. Lightly beat the eggs in a medium bowl, then whisk in the butter and brown sugar mixture.nPut the pecans in the pie shell and pour the butter and brown sugar mixture evenly over them. Place on the hot baking sheet and bake until the filling is set, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Cool for 1 hour before slicing and serving.nBlend the flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and shortening pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Drizzle 4 tablespoons ice water over the mixture. Process just until moist clumps form, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather the dough into a ball and flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic. Chill 1 hour., ingredients: [1 Best Pie Crust Ever, recipe follows, 34 stick unsalted butter, 1 14 cups light brown sugar, packed, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup agave nectar, 3 large eggs, 2 cups pecan halves 12 pound, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, cut into small pieces, 3 tablespoons solid vegetable shortening, chilled, cut into small pieces, 4 tablespoons or more ice water], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 40789: {instructions: Core tomatoes, then cut a small X at the bottom. Drop tomatoes into a pot of boiling water for 15 seconds. Remove, let cool for a minute, then peel off the skins. Dice tomatoes.nRoughly chop remaining veggies, then toss in a large bowl along with oil, vinegar, lemon juice, salt, and pepper.nTransfer small batches to a blender or food processor and blend until mixture is a coarse liquid. Transfer to a bowl and add tomato juice. Chill in refrigerator for 2 hours.nServe in hollowed out bell peppers., ingredients: [1 pound tomatoes, 2 scallions, 1 red bell pepper, seeds removed, 1 celery stalk, 1 to 2 garlic cloves, minced, 23 cup lightly packed cilantro, stems discarded before measuring, 1 to 2 jalapeno chiles, seeds removed, 12 cucumber, skinned, seeds removed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic or red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup canned tomato juice, 4 bell peppers, any color, or assorted colors, tops sliced off, seeds and membranes hollowed out], title: Gazpacho served in Bell Peppers, picturelink: null}, 40790: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium pot, warm the halfandhalf over medium heat until it is steaming, but do not let it boil. Whisk in the instant coffee, coffee liqueur, and cocoa mix. Keep it warm while you whip the cream.nIn a cold bowl, whisk together the heavy cream, sugar, and vanilla extract until it forms soft peaks, or use a whipped topping if you prefer.nPour the cocoaccino into mugs, dollop with whipped cream and garnish with chocolate shavings., ingredients: [3 cups halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon instant coffee, 12 cup coffee liqueur recommended: Baileys, 4 1ounce envelopes hot cocoa mix recommended: Swiss Miss, 12 pint heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: Creamy Cocoaccino, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 40791: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo prepare the Moroccan Spice Mix for the Chicken: Combine the cinnamon stick, cloves, cayenne, cumin, fennel, coriander, and paprika in a dry skillet over low heat and toast for just a minute to release the fragrant oils shake the pan so they dont scorch. In a spice mill or clean coffee grinder, grind the toasted spices together, with 1 12 teaspoons of kosher salt and the brown sugar. A word of advice: make sure you thoroughly wipe out your coffee grinder before you make coffee again  Moroccan spices taste great on chicken but horrible with coffee.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRinse the chicken with cool water, inside and out, then pat it dry with paper towels. Massage the chicken skin with the spice rub make sure you dont miss a spot. Season the inside of the chicken generously with salt and pepper. Stuff the lemons halves, cilantro, and garlic in the cavity and place the chicken in a roasting pan fitted with a rack. Fold the wing tips under the bird and tie the legs together with kitchen string. Drizzle the oil all over the chicken. If you have time, let the chicken marinate for 30 minutes to really get the flavors down deep into the meat. Roast the chicken for 1 hour pop an instantread thermometer into the thickest part of the thigh if it reads 160 degrees F, its done. Allow the chicken to rest for 10 minutes so the juices can settle back into the meat. Remove and discard the skin from the chicken. Pull the chicken from the bone and shred the meat, with your fingers or 2 forks. Put the shredded chicken in a large bowl and squeeze the lemon halves that have cooked inside the bird over the meat to moisten.nTo prepare the Apricot Couscous: Put the couscous in a medium bowl pour the water over it, stir with a fork to combine. Cover and let sit for 10 to 15 minutes, then uncover and fluff with a fork. Put the apricots, almonds, green onions, mint, and cilantro on a cutting board and coarsely chop everything up add this to the couscous. Add lemon juice, drizzle with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Toss gently to combine.nTo prepare the Green Olive Sauce: In a small skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Saute the shallots and chile over low heat for 8 minutes until caramelized, then scrape into a food processor. Add the olives, parsley, vinegar, lemon juice, and 12 cup of oil puree a good 3 minutes until totally smooth.nTo put the whole thing together: put the shredded chicken and couscous on the lavosh bread, add a few spoonfuls of the olive sauce, and roll the sandwich up. Wrap in foil and take the sandwich to a picnic, if desired., ingredients: [1 cinnamon stick, chopped in pieces, 8 whole cloves, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 2 teaspoons cumin seed, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 1 teaspoon coriander seed, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 112 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 312 pound whole free range chicken, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, halved, 14 bunch fresh cilantro, 1 head garlic, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup couscous, 112 cups warm water, 10 dried apricots, 14 cup whole almonds, toasted, 2 green onions, green parts only, 2 handfuls fresh mint leaves, 2 handfuls fresh cilantro leaves, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 shallots, sliced, 1 fresh red chile, halved lengthwise, 12 pound large green Spanish olives, pitted, 14 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 12 lemon, juiced, 4 pieces lavosh bread, cut in 12], title: Moroccan Chicken with Apricot Couscous and Green Olive Sauce in Flat Bread, picturelink: jFIgMofmaeYzsIL1zYh9AQj4caKcmi2}, 40792: {instructions: Special equipment: see source link for information Acetate sheets Textured plastic Transfer sheet 14 to 18inch round aluminum disposable deli traynFor the Castle Turrets: Cut a strip of acetate that is 6 12 by 18inches, and spread an 18inch thick layer of white chocolate onto it. Let the chocolate set until firm yet pliable, but not hard. Next, roll it, chocolate inside, lengthwise into a long tube, but not overlapping the chocolate. Tape it closed, place in the refrigerator and allow the chocolate to set completely. When set, remove from the refrigerator, and peel off the acetate. Using a hot serrated chefs knife, cut the tube into 1 8inch long tube and 2 5inch long tubes. Set aside.nFor the Conical Roof Tops: Cut two circles of acetate that are each 7 inches in diameter and one that is 6 inches in diameter. Make a 3 12inch cut toward the center in both of the 7inch circles, and a 3inch cut in the 6inch circle. Overlap the two cut sides of each circle to make a cone shape and tape it closed. Mix the cocoa butter with the powdered food coloring to the desired consistency and paint the inside of the mold. It is best to use yogurt machine to store and warm your paints. Using a ladle, fill the cone with white chocolate. When it is full, empty the excess back into the bowl of chocolate. The inside of the cone should be evenly coated. Wipe the edge of the plastic cone clean and place it upside down on a wire rack over a sheet pan. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge of the cone clean again with a paring knife. You can place the cone in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. Repeat with the other cones. When the chocolate sets, peel off the acetate. Set the cones aside.nFor the Dice: Place an acetate sheet on your work surface with the long side facing you. Using an offset spatula, spread about a 14inchthick layer of white chocolate onto the sheet and wait until the chocolate begins to set. Using a rolling cutter or hot sharp chefs knife, cut equal size squares in the amount and size desired. You will need 6 squares for each die. When the chocolate has set, carefully peel away the acetate. It should release from the chocolate quite easily. Use white chocolate to glue the squares together to form the cube. Fill a cornet with bittersweet chocolate and draw the dots on the dice.nFor the Roulette Numbers: You will need to perform the following process once using white chocolate and once using bittersweet chocolate. Place an acetate sheet on your work surface with the long side facing you. Using an offset spatula, spread about a 14inchthick layer of chocolate onto the acetate sheet. Wait until the chocolate begins to set. Using a rolling cutter or hot sharp chefs knife, cut squares in proportion to your castle. When the chocolate has set, carefully peel away the sheet. It should release from the chocolate quite easily. Fill a cornet with bittersweet chocolate and draw the numbers onto the squares.nFor the Playing Cards: Place an acetate sheet on your work surface with the long side facing you. Using an offset spatula, spread about a 14inchthick layer of white chocolate onto the sheet. Wait until the chocolate begins to set, then using a rolling cutter or hot sharp chefs knife, cut 2 14 by 3 12inch rectangles. When the chocolate has set, carefully peel away the card. It should release quite easily. Using a small paintbrush and cocoa butter paints, paint the faces on the cards. For the Castle Walls: place a piece of textured plastic on the work surface in front of you. Using an offset spatula, spread about a 14inchthick layer of white chocolate onto the acetate sheet. Let the chocolate set until firm yet pliable but not hard. Carefully peel away the sheet. It should release from the chocolate quite easily. Using the tip of a hot paring knife, cut the desired design at the top of wall.nFor the Sparklers: Place a transfer sheet on your work surface with the long side facing you. Using an offset spatula, spread about a 14 inchthick layer of white chocolate onto the transfer sheet, completely covering the design. Allow the chocolate to set. Using the tip of a paring knife or cookie cutters, cut out whatever shape you desire. Let set completely. Remove the parchment paper and set aside. To make the sticks, roll up a piece of parchment paper tightly, tape it closed and stand it up on end inside the tube inside a roll of paper towels. Fill the parchment paper with white chocolate and allow it to harden. When hardened, peel off the parchment paper and glue the top of the sparkler to the stick with white chocolate.nFor the Base: Overturn the deli tray and, using a clean wide paintbrush dipped in bittersweet chocolate, completely cover the outside of the tray, sides and all. Allow the chocolate to set and apply as many coats as needed to create a 13inch thick coating. Allow the chocolate to set completely. Turn the tray back over and carefully lift it away from the chocolate.nTo Assemble: Set the base rightside up on the work surface in front of you. Position the roulette wheel squares along the edge about half way around the circle, alternating dark and white. Use a cornet filled with bittersweet chocolate to glue each piece into place. Position the turrets as desired. Use bittersweet chocolate to glue each piece into place. Glue on the roofs. Add the walls between each turret and glue into place. Decorate with the dice and cards as desired.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [48 ounces white chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, melted, Powdered food coloring, as needed, 48 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered], title: Las Vegas Centerpiece, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 40793: {instructions: Preheat oven to 550 degrees F.nStretch pizza dough to make a 16inch pizza. Top crust with mozzarella, and bake on a pizza pan or pizza stone for 5 minutes. Crust will only be partially cooked.nIn a medium skillet over high heat, heat olive oil until very hot, remove from heat, add shrimp and garlic, and toss. Add wine, chicken stock and lemon juice, bring to a simmer. Add butter, and heat until melted, then remove from heat. Season mixture with salt and pepper. Shrimp will finish cooking on pizza.nSpread mixture over crust and finish baking until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with chopped parsley, let cool a few minutes before cutting., ingredients: [13 ounces pizza dough, 8 ounces shredded mozzarella, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 12 cup white wine, 14 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 1ounce cubes butter, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, chopped], title: Shrimp Scampi Pizza, picturelink: null}, 40794: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason chicken liberally with salt and pepper. Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add oil, and place chicken in pan skin side down. Sear for 4 minutes, then reduce heat to medium and continue cooking for another 8 minutes. Turn chicken and cook another 4 minutes, or until just cooked all the way through.nMeanwhile, make sauce by melting butter in a medium saute pan over moderate heat. Cook shallots and mushrooms until soft and golden, about 10 minutes. Add jalapenos and cumin, lower heat, and cook for 5 minutes. Add chicken stock. Turn heat to high and cook until liquid is reduced by half. Add cream or halfandhalf and cilantro stems and return to a boil. Remove from heat. Puree in a blender, pass through a wire mesh strainer, and return to heat.nWhisk egg yolks, sugar, and vinegar together in a small bowl. While continuing to whisk, pour one cup pureed cilantro sauce into egg mixture to temper. Then combine egg mixture with puree and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until sauce is thick and smooth.nArrange grilled chicken over a bed of your favorite rice and spoon sauce over all. Garnish with cilantro leaves, grilled scallions, and Pickled Tomato Salsa. Serve immediately.nIn a large bowl, toss tomatoes with scallions and serrano chiles.nIn a medium saucepan, bring vinegar to a boil. Add sugar and salt, and cook until dissolved, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and reserve. Measure ginger, garlic, mustard seeds, cracked peppercorns, cumin, cayenne, and turmeric onto a plate and place near stove. In another medium saucepan, heat oil over moderate heat until just smoking. Add spices and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until aromas are released, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in vinegar mixture. Immediately pour over reserved tomato mixture. Stir to combine, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate 3 to 4 hours or several days. Makes 2 cups., ingredients: [4 large, boneless chicken thighs or leg and thighs, with skin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 shallots, diced, 3 large mushrooms, thinly sliced, 1 to 2 jalapenos, chopped with seeds, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 cup chicken stock, 34 cup halfandhalf or heavy cream, 12 bunch cilantro, stems and leaves separated, 2 egg yolks, 1 12 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 cups cooked rice, for serving, 4 grilled scallions, for serving, Pickled Tomato Salsa, recipe follows, for serving, 1 pound tomatoes, diced, 12 bunch scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 2 to 3 serrano chiles, with seeds, thinly sliced in rounds, 12 cup white vinegar, 2 12 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 teaspoons freshly grated ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons cracked black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Pollo Ciudad with Pickled Tomato Salsa, picturelink: whNON4BFeQXFs9sZ2DkVLTYubF2UFYC}, 40795: {instructions: Combine the sugar, lavender, peppercorns and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise, scrape out the seeds with the back of a paring knife and add them to the saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, stirring to submerge the lavender. Cook until the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Turn off the heat, and let the syrup steep for 10 minutes. Pour the lavender syrup through cheesecloth placed over a finemesh strainer, and refrigerate the syrup until completely cooled.nFill 4 Collins glasses with ice. Add 2 to 3 ounces of vodka and 1 ounce of the lavender syrup into each glass, and top off with club soda. Crush some peppercorns on a cutting board with the back of a knife. Stir the cocktail with a long spoon, and garnish with lavender, lemon wedges and crushed peppercorns., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 14 cup dried lavender, 1 teaspoon pink peppercorns, plus more for garnish, 1 vanilla bean, 8 to 12 ounces goodquality vodka, 1 liter club soda, Sprigs of fresh lavender, for serving, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: LavenderPink Peppercorn Vodka Sodas, picturelink: WQ2gmO8mwxk9IxrKnogsHIS69E8OyNq}, 40796: {instructions: Special equipment: toothpicksnPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small pot combine the cranberry sauce and the juice. Bring to a simmer over low heat, whisking until smooth. Remove from the heat and set asidenIn a large frying pan with a metal handle saute the bacon until crispy, then remove from pan to a plate lined with paper towels. To the same pan add the Brussels sprouts, shallots, and garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Saute for 5 minutes over mediumhigh heat to give the Brussels sprouts a little color. Put the pan in the oven for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and pour the cranberry glaze over the top. Return to the oven and roast for another 10 minutes.nSkewer each Brussels sprout with a toothpick, arrange on a serving platter and serve warm., ingredients: [1 8ounce can cranberry sauce, 14 cup cranberry juice, 12 pound bacon, cut into 1inch strips, 2 pounds Brussels sprouts, cleaned, 2 shallots, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Cranberry Glaze, picturelink: null}, 40797: {instructions: Place the vinegar, sugar, habanero and ginger in a medium saucepan and cook over high heat until reduced to 1 12 cups, stirring occasionally. If the sauce becomes too thick, thin with a little bit of water.nStrain the sauce through a strainer into a bowl, stir in the red and yellow peppers, poblano, mint, Thai basil, cilantro and season with salt, to taste.nHeat the grill over high heat.nSeason the cavity of the fish with salt and pepper. Brush the fish with oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes on 1 side. Turn the grill down to medium and cook for another 6 to 7 minutes with the grill hood closed. Remove to a platter and immediately drizzle with the sauce. Garnish with Thai basil and cilantro., ingredients: [3 cups red wine vinegar, 1 cup distilled white vinegar, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 habanero chile, 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 12 red bell pepper, finely diced, 12 yellow bell pepper, finely diced, 12 poblano chile, finely diced, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh Thai basil leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, Salt, 4 whole red snapper, 1 12pounds each, scaled, gutted, and scored, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil], title: Grilled Whole Fish with Four PepperGinger Sauce, picturelink: cmbxBSh5bOEzpUCzSGYqJI9b4aesarW}, 40798: {instructions: Heat a 4 to 6quart heavy pot over medium heat and add the olive oil and bay leaves. As soon as the bay leaves turn brown, add the garlic and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, for 30 seconds or until it is golden. Add the onions, bell pepper, and allspice and saute, stirring occasionally, for about 8 minutes, until the onions and peppers are softened but not brown.nAdd the potatoes and stock if the stock doesnt cover the potatoes, add just enough water to cover them. Turn up the heat, bring to a boil, cover, and cook the potatoes vigorously for about 10 minutes, until they are soft on the outside but still firm in the center.nReduce the heat to medium, add the tomatoes and sausage, and simmer for 5 minutes. Season the mixture assertively with salt and pepper you want to almost overseason the chowder at this point, to avoid having to stir it much once the fish is added.nAdd the whole fillets and cook for 5 minutes, then remove from the heat, gently stir in the cilantro, and allow the chowder to sit for 10 minutes. The fish will finish cooking during this time. If you are not serving the chowder within the hour, let it cool a bit, then refrigerate cover the chowder after it has chilled completely. Otherwise, let it sit for up to an hour at room temperature, allowing the flavors to meld.nWhen ready to serve, reheat the chowder over low heat dont let it boil. Use a slotted spoon to mold the chunks of hake, the chorico, tomatoes, peppers, and potatoes in the center of large soup plates or shallow bowls, and ladle the savory tomato broth over. Sprinkle with the chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 dried bay leaves, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped 1 tablespoon, 2 medium onions 14 ounces, cut into 34inch dice, 1 green bell pepper 6 ounces, cut into 12inch dice, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 pounds Yukon Gold, Maine, PEI, or other allpurpose potatoes, peeled and sliced 13 inch thick, 4 cups fish stock, chicken stock, or water as a last resort, 2 cups canned whole tomatoes in juice from a 28ounce can, cut into 12inch diced measured with their juice, 6 ounces spicy chorico dry, spicy Portuguese sausage or andouille sausage, casing removed, sliced 14 inch thick, Kosher or sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds skinless silver hake, cod, haddock, or bass fillets, pinbones removed, 10 sprigs fresh cilantro, leaves and tender stems finely chopped 14 cup, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh Italian parsley], title: South Coast Portuguese Fish Chowder, picturelink: null}, 40799: {instructions: Place potatoes in a medium pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, heat to a simmer. Add a generous pinch of salt and continue to simmer until potatoes are fork tender, about 20 minutes. When potatoes are done, drain and return potatoes to pot to dry slightly. Run potatoes through food mill or potato ricer into pot. Heat milk in saucepan. Add hot milk to potatoes, over heat, until smooth. Add butter and heat until finely textured and fluffy. Sprinkle with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 pounds baking potatoes, whole with skin, 12 to 34 cup milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 tablespoons truffle butter, softened, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Truffled Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}}