{40800: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 2 quart, shallow baking dish with olive oil spray.nPut the potatoes into a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until the potatoes are just tender, about 8 minutes. Drain and set aside to cool somewhat.nPut the milk and flour into a large saucepan and whisk until the flour is dissolved. Add the garlic and thyme and heat over a mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture comes to a boil and is thickened, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat, discard the thyme sprig, and stir in the salt. Add 1 cup of the cheese and stir until melted.nArrange half of the potatoes in the baking dish. Pour over half of the cheese sauce. Add the remaining potatoes and top with rest of the sauce. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese and bake for 25 minutes, until bubbling. Put under the broiler and broil on high until the top is browned, about 2 minutes. Serve hot.nServing size: about 1 cup, ingredients: [Olive oil spray, 3 pounds yellow potatoes, like Yukon gold, unpeeled, sliced into 14inch slices, 3 cups cold milk 1 percent lowfat, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large or 2 small sprigs thyme, 1 34 cups grated Gruyere cheese 6 ounces, 1 12 teaspoons salt], title: Scalloped Potatoes Au Gratin, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 40801: {instructions: In a coffee grinder, add the peppercorns and coriander and grind until coarsely chopped. Set aside.nIn a large stock pot add all the brine ingredients and bring to a boil over high heat. Remove from the heat and let cool. Add the brisket to the brine and refrigerate overnight. Remove the brisket from the brine and pat dry. Cover liberally with the spice mixture.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nOn a sheet pan with a rack, arrange the brisket on the rack and roast until fork tender, about 4 hours. Remove to a cutting board and slice. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [14 cup black peppercorns, 14 cup coriander seeds, 1 gallon cold water, 1 cup kosher salt, 1 tablespoon liquid smoke, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons pickling spice, 2 bay leaves, 1 5pound beef brisket, trimmed], title: Big Daddys Homemade Pastrami, picturelink: null}, 40802: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend the vinegar, garlic, oregano, 1 teaspoon of salt, and 12 teaspoon black pepper in a blender until the garlic is finely chopped. With the blender running, slowly blend in the oil.nToss the baby greens, bell pepper, olives, and cheese with enough vinaigrette to coat. Season the salad, to taste, with more salt and black pepper, and serve., ingredients: [13 cup sherry vinegar, 1 large clove garlic, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 4.5ounce bag mixed baby greens, rinsed and spun dried, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, halved, 2 ounces feta cheese, coarsely crumbled], title: Mixed Green Salad with Sherry Vinaigrette, picturelink: j4nIrUxpcR0WRDnT9xfjQgGrprqXq}, 40803: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWrap the sweet potatoes tightly in 2 layers of aluminum foil and roast them in the oven until very soft, about 1 hour and 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool.nIn a bowl, stir the graham cracker crumbs and brown sugar until well combined. Add the butter and mix until the crumbs are evenly moistened. Press firmly and evenly on the bottom and sides of a 9inch pie plate to create a crust, being sure there are no cracks. Bake in the oven for 10 minutes or until golden. Remove from the oven.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Unwrap the potatoes and peel them. Put the flesh into a bowl and mash well with a fork. Add the eggs, 12 cup brown sugar, cream, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, and vanilla and whip until very smooth with a whisk. Pour the filling into the partially baked crust. Sprinkle about 1 tablespoon brown sugar over top and bake in the center of the oven until set, about 40 minutes.nAllow the pie to cool completely before cutting. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 sweet potatoes, about 10 ounces each, 1 34 cups fine graham cracker crumbs about 15 whole crackers, finely ground, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 stick, melted, 2 large eggs, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: 0YuK3s2HjWvWYrJJys.v3TqsJXR0mTK}, 40804: {instructions: For the Sonoran Spice: In food processor, grind peppercorns and star anise until completely powdered. Add cumin seed and chamomile grind until smooth and then add remaining ingredients. Set asidenFor the Five Onion Polenta: Saute onions in a very hot and dry pan, set aside. In a sauce pot, bring milk to a boil, stir in polenta and cook for 6 minutes, until very thick. Add sauteed onions, salt, and pepper. Line a sheet pan with plastic wrap spread the polenta on the pan and level it bang the pan to settle it, if necessary. Cool, then cut into triangle portions. Set aside.nFor the Sage Blackberry Roasted Shallot Compote: Saute the shallots until soft, but not burned. In a saucepot, saute bacon until lightly brown. Add liqueur and deglaze the pan. Add all remaining ingredients, except the cornstarch and water. Heat to 180 degrees. Mix the cornstarch and water to form a slurry. Add slurry to thicken mixture, stirring very lightly so the blackberries dont break up. Compote should be chunky, not smooth. Set aside.nTo prepare the Elk: Coat the elk with the molasses. Dredge in sonoran spice and place in a very hot cast iron skillet. Sear elk on both sides until dark in color. Place in a preheated 300 degree oven for 8 to 10 minutes or until desired internal temperature is met. Place elk on polenta pieces and top with the compote., ingredients: [1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 18 teaspoon star anise, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cumin seed, roasted, 12 teaspoon chamomile, whole, 12 teaspoon chili powder, roasted, 12 orange peel, dried, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 tablespoon onion, granulated, 12 teaspoon garlic, granulated, 1 tablespoon red onion, diced, 1 tablespoon white onion, diced, 2 tablespoons green onion, diced, 2 tablespoons leek, diced, 2 tablespoons chives, diced, 3 cups milk, 34 cup polenta, yellow cornmeal, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 34 cup shallots, 1 slice raw bacon, finely chopped, 4 tablespoons blackberry or raspberry liqueur, 34 cup blackberries, frozen, 13ounce sage, fresh, 12 cup brown sugar, 13 cup dark corn syrup, 4 tablespoons raspberry vinegar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup water, 6 6ounce elk loin medallions, 12 cup molasses], title: Molasses Seared Elk Loin, picturelink: null}, 40805: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the walnuts, pignolis, and garlic in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Process for 15 seconds. Add the basil leaves, salt, and pepper. With the processor running, slowly pour the olive oil into the bowl through the feed tube and process until the pesto is thoroughly pureed. Add the Parmesan and puree for a minute. Use right away or store the pesto in the refrigerator or freezer with a thin film of olive oil on top.nNotes: Air is the enemy of pesto. For freezing, pack it in containers with a film of oil or plastic wrap directly on top with the air pressed out.nTo clean basil, remove the leaves, swirl them in a bowl of water, and then spin them very dry in a salad spinner. Store them in a closed plastic bag with a slightly damp paper towel. As long as the leaves are dry they will stay green for several days., ingredients: [14 cup walnuts, 14 cup pignolis pine nuts, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic 9 cloves, 5 cups fresh basil leaves, packed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups good olive oil, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Pesto, picturelink: huuwjWgxG66oekLERZMbIFh9cpU7h6K}, 40806: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the wine, lemon juice, and sugar. Stir until dissolved. Add the cinnamon, cloves, allspice, or nutmeg, and orange and lemon slices. Heat, but do not boil. Lower the heat and simmer 15 minutes. Strain the wine into heated mugs and serve at once., ingredients: [2 bottles Cabernet Sauvignon, 3 lemons, juiced, 12 cup superfine sugar or more to taste, 4 sticks cinnamon, 1 tablespoon whole cloves or more, to taste, 1 tablespoon whole allspice berries or freshly grated nutmeg, 1 orange, sliced, 1 lemon, sliced], title: Mulled Wine, picturelink: null}, 40807: {instructions: Combine avocados, salsa, serranos, onion, lime juice, and salt. Combine ingredients together. Add cilantro, tomatoes, and black pepper. Stir gently.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representations as to the results., ingredients: [15 medium avocados, 24 ounces hot picante salsa recommended: Pace brand, 6 serrano peppers, finely diced, 1 small white onion, finely diced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 bunches cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 6 Roma tomatoes, diced, Black pepper], title: El Autentico Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 40808: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, bring 4 cups water to a boil. Add 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper and the tea bags and steep for 10 minutes. Remove and discard the tea bags. Add the cinnamon and stir to combine.nBring the chai mixture back to a boil and sprinkle the grits over it slowly, to prevent clumping. Cook, uncovered and stirring constantly to prevent sticking, until the grits are soft and have a creamy texture, 25 to 35 minutes. If the grits get too dry, add up to 2 cups warm water during cooking.nRemove from the heat and stir in the cream and lemon zest. Season with more salt and pepper, if necessary., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 chai tea bags, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup grits not instant, such as Weisenberger, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon lemon zest], title: Chai Spiced Grits, picturelink: Idrphk9LwwTykdXpKMyaUleV.u3SgqG}, 40809: {instructions: Special equipment: Six 3 to 4ounce icepop moldsnBreak the bananas into chunks, and puree in a food processor until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Add the cocoa powder, cream and maple syrup, and puree until combined. Spoon the banana mixture into icepop molds, and freeze until firm, 8 hours or overnight.nSpread the peanuts on a plate. Run hot water over the ice pops to help loosen them, then unmold, roll them in the peanuts and serve or keep them frozen on a parchmentlined baking sheet until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 large ripe bananas, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 tablespoons maple syrup, 12 cup salted, roasted peanuts, finely chopped, Special equipment: six 3 to 4ounce icepop molds], title: Frozen ChocolateBanana Pops, picturelink: iNKWisF9sA4.cyxI2fiie0hcPczLU5i}, 40810: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, squash, and asparagus and cook, stirring, until crisptender, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the pepper strips and scallions. Transfer to a bowl and let cool.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Stir in the cheeses and the cooled vegetables.nSpray the loaf pan with vegetable oil spray, line the bottom with a piece of parchment paper, and spray again.nPour the egg mixture into the prepared pan, and top with another piece of vegetable oil sprayed parchment paper. Place the pan in a larger baking dish and place on the center oven rack. Pour enough hot water into the baking dish to reach halfway up the loaf pan. Bake until the center is firm and a toothpick stuck in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour and 10 minutes.nRemove the souffle from the oven and let cool for 10 minutes. Run a butter knife around the edges of the pan to release the souffle. Turn the souffle out onto a cutting board and remove the parchment paper. Cut the souffle into 8 slices and serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 cup diced red onion, 1 medium yellow squash, cut into14inchthick halfmoon slices, 1 pound thin asparagus, bottoms trimmed, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup roasted red pepper strips, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced scallion greens, 6 eggs, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pinch freshly ground nutmeg, 1 cup shredded Swiss cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Vegetable oil spray, as needed, Equipment: 9 by 5inch loaf pan and parchment paper], title: Asparagus and Cheese Souffle, picturelink: null}, 40811: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason turkey with chopped garlic and allow to stand, refrigerated, for 24 hours. Place lemon in the cavity of the turkey.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace turkey in a large roasting pan. Baste the turkey every 15 minutes with BBQ sauce. Be careful to cover turkey with foil to prevent burning. Turkey will make its own juice to keep it moist. Roast turkey for approximately 20 minutes per pound, approximately 4 hours., ingredients: [1 12pound turkey, 12 cup chopped garlic, Lemon, halved, 1 cup BBQ sauce], title: BBQ Turkey, picturelink: 38yYOaQBKTWq821tdLWNMoBM047WOMK}, 40812: {instructions: In a measuring cup, mix the sugar with a 12 cup of the warm water and yeast and let stand in a warm place for 5 minutes, or until frothy. If using fastacting yeast, there is no need to let the mixture stand.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour and salt. Rub in the butter, and make a well in the center. If using olive oil instead of butter, pour the olive oil into the remaining 1 12 cups water. Pour in the yeast mixture and most of the remaining water and the olive oil, if using. Mix to a loose dough, adding the remaining water if needed, plus extra if necessary.nKnead the mixture until the dough is smooth and springy to the touch, about 10 minutes. If kneading in an electric food mixer with a dough hook, 5 minutes is usually long enough.nPut the dough in a large oiled bowl. Cover the top tightly with plastic wrap, and place somewhere warm to rise, until it is doubled in size. This may take up to 2 or even on a cold day 3 hours.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nWhen the dough has more than doubled in size, punch down, and knead again for 2 to 3 minutes. Leave to relax for 10 minutes before you begin to shape the bread.nShape the bread into loaves or rolls, and then transfer to a baking tray, and cover with a clean tea or dish towel. Allow to rise again in a warm place for 20 to 30 minutes, until the shaped dough has again doubled in size. When the dough has fully risen, it should leave a dent when you gently press the dough with your finger.nThe bread is full of air at this point, and therefore very fragile, gently brush the loaf with egg wash and sprinkle with poppy or sesame seeds, if using, or dust lightly with flour for a rusticlooking loaf.nBake in the oven for 30 to 45 minutes for a loaf, depending on its size, or 10 to 15 minutes for rolls, Turn the heat down to 400 degrees F, after 15 minutes for the remaining baking time. When baked, the bread should sound hollow when tapped on the base. Transfer the loaf to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [2 teaspoons caster sugar superfine, 2 cups warm water, 2 12 teaspoons dried yeast or 3 12 ounces fresh yeast or .25 ounce fastacting yeast, 1 pound 10 ounces strong white flour bread flour, plus extra for dusting, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 tablespoons butter or 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 egg, beaten, optional, Poppy or sesame seeds, for the top of the loaf, optional], title: White Yeast Bread, picturelink: null}, 40813: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a large bowl. Add vinegar, ranch dressing, salt and pepper, and toss until well coated. Add a pinch of sugar to balance vinegary taste., ingredients: [4 large cucumbers, diced, 6 vine ripe tomatoes, diced, 1 tablespoon cilantro, finely chopped, 1 medium red onion diced, 1 diced jalapeno, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 packet dry ranch dressing, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Cool Cucumber Salsa, picturelink: null}, 40814: {instructions: In a large heavy bottomed skillet cast iron preferred, heat the oil over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Add the onions and chopped tomatoes and stirfry until soft. Stir in the green chiles, ginger, garlic, peppercorns, chili powder and garam masala and cook for another 5 minutes to bring out the aroma of the spices.nAdd the chicken whole breasts or chopped and cook for 5 minutes turning frequently. Stir in the chicken stock and cook until all the flavors have combined, about 10 to 12 minutes. Add the tomato paste and stir, which will help thicken the sauce. Remove from the heat and add the vanilla yogurt, cilantro and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper and let it rest for another 5 minutes until all the flavors meld. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with Basmati Rice and Naan Bread, if desired., ingredients: [4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 large onions, finely sliced, 3 tomatoes, roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped green chiles, or to taste, 1 teaspoon chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons green peppercorns brined in cans, 1 teaspoon red chili powder, 12 teaspoons garam masala powder, 4 large whole chicken breasts, or cut into small pieces, 2 cups chicken stock, 4 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup vanilla yogurt, 4 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 2 lemons, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Basmati rice and naan bread, for serving], title: Balti Chicken Curry, picturelink: null}, 40815: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 wire racks 2 rimmed baking sheetsnAdjust two oven racks to the top and bottom third of an oven and preheat oven to 425 F. Put the wire racks in the baking sheets and coat each generously with cooking spray.nCombine the flour and Cajun seasoning in a large resealable plastic bag. Combine the eggs and 12 teaspoon salt in another large plastic bag combine the cornmeal, breadcrumbs and 12 teaspoon salt in a third large plastic bag.nAdd about half of the zucchini sticks to the bag with the flour and use a combination of your hands and shaking the bag to coat the zucchini. Remove the zucchini and shake off any excess flour. Transfer to the egg wash and repeat until coated. Its less messy if you use only one hand for the dry ingredients and the other for the wet. Let any excess egg drip off before transferring to the breadcrumbs and repeat until fully coated youll still see some green and white of the zucchini peeking through the breading. Transfer to the prepared baking sheets and coat the breaded zucchini generously with cooking spray theres no need to turn them. Repeat with the remaining zucchini.nBake, rotating the baking sheets from top to bottom about halfway through, until golden brown and tender, 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, stir together the mayonnaise, mustard, pickle and hot sauce in a small bowl. Serve with the zucchini fries., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, Kosher salt, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups stoneground cornmeal, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs see Cooks Note, 1 pound zucchini 2 to 3 small to medium zucchini cut into 3inchby14inch sticks, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Creole or wholegrain mustard, 12 small dill pickle spear, finely chopped, 12 to 1 teaspoon Louisianastyle hot sauce, such as Tabasco], title: Cajun Zucchini Fries, picturelink: rqHF2jkknyfKf5Xu8AfXG5.4E5PFrOa}, 40816: {instructions: To make the Dressing: Mince garlic and mash to a paste with salt. In a bowl whisk together garlic paste, lemon juice, vinegar, zest, and pepper and whisk in oil until emulsified. Dressing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring dressing to room temperature before serving.nTo make the Salad: Cut 1inch florets from broccoli, reserving remainder for another use. Separate romaine into leaves. Broccoli and romaine may be prepared 1 daynahead and chilled in airtight containers.nHave ready a large bowl of ice and cold water. In a large saucepan of boiling salted water cook broccoli until crisptender, about 3 minutes, and drain in a colander. Plunge broccoli into ice water to stop cooking and drain well.nPeel carrots and finely shred with a mandolin or other manual slicer or in a food processor. Halve onion lengthwise and slice very thin crosswise.nArrange vegetables and anchovies decoratively on platters and in serving bowls and pour dressing into a cruet., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, Freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 bunch broccoli, 3 hearts romaine, 4 carrots, 1 red onion, 1 can anchovy fillets], title: MakeYourOwn Salad with Lemon Garlic Dressing, picturelink: wVQjIbLfxeK2domG.fvF1DK1dlrxHti}, 40817: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. In a medium sauce pan, heat the cream and vanilla to a simmer. Remove pan from heat and let sit for 10 minutes. In a bowl whisk together the sugar and yolks until they are a pale yellow. Whisk cream into the egg mixture and pour into 6 custard dishes.nPlace dishes in a large baking dish lined with a towel. Pour boiling water into baking dish so that it comes to half way up the custard dishes. Bake for 30 minutes or until custard is firm but still wiggles. Chill for at least one hour. Top with brown sugar in an even layer and place under broiler until sugar melts and bubbles. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [4 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup sugar, 6 egg yolks, 12 cup dark brown sugar], title: Simple Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 40818: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add 2 pounds hearty greens escarole, chicory, mustard greens or a combination, large stems trimmed, slightly cover the pot and cook until tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain greens in a colander, then let cool about 10 minutes. Drizzle with 3 tablespoons each extravirgin olive oil and lemon juice season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Cats Easy Greens, picturelink: zad956Qjvfo1TVjXUj8WCaplVRHNFR2}, 40819: {instructions: In a large stockpot, bring salted water to a boil. Add the linguine to the boiling water and cook until al dente according to package instructions. Drain, reserving 14 cup pasta water.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, until it ripples dont let the oil smoke. Add the garlic and cook until edges are lightly browned. Add the clams and jalapeno, and cook for a minute. Add the wine, tomatoes and their juice and half of the parsley, and cook until the clams open, about 10 minutes.nAdd the linguine to the clam sauce and toss to coat, adding pasta water if needed. Toss in the remaining parsley., ingredients: [Coarse sea salt, 1 pound linguine, 3 tablespoons Italian extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 pounds live Manila clams, scrubbed, 1 tablespoon finely minced jalapeno, 1 cup pinot grigio, One 14ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, with juice, 4 tablespoons Italian parsley leaves, finely chopped], title: Linguine with Clams, picturelink: null}, 40820: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut peel and white pith from oranges with a sharp small knife. Working over a sieve set over a bowl, cut orange sections free from membranes, letting sections drop into sieve. Cut goat cheese into fourths and gently form into a disk. Dip into pecans all over each disk to coat. Bake on a small baking sheet in middle of oven until heated through, about 5 minutes.nMeasure out 1 tablespoon orange juice from bowl and whisk together with mustard, vinegar, salt, and sugar in a large bowl. Add oil and whisk until blended. Add spinach, onion, and orange sections to dressing and toss well. Season with pepper. Divide among 4 salad plates and carefully transfer 1 goatcheese disk to each salad., ingredients: [3 small Navel oranges, 6 ounces fresh mild goat cheese preferably in log form, 13 cup pecans 1 12 ounces, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon whitewine vinegar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch sugar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound spinach, trimmed, 1 small red onion, sliced into thin rings], title: Spinach Salad with Oranges and Warm Goat Cheese, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 40821: {instructions: In a large saucepan set over moderate heat bring the broth to a simmer and simmer 3 minutes.nIn a pot of boiling salted water cook the tortellini for 7 to 8 minutes, or until al dente. Add to the broth along with arugula and simmer, stirring, 1 to 2 minutes more. Sprinkle with Parmesan., ingredients: [4 cups chicken stock or broth, 1 9 12ounce package mushroom or cheesefilled tortellini, 1 bunch arugula leaves, rinsed and patted dry, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Tortellini in Broth with Arugula, picturelink: null}, 40822: {instructions: Put raspberries into a sealable bottle, size may vary as recipe is flexible, but 12 liter is best. Add lemon peels. Use a funnel to add sugar and vinegar. Cork or close bottle. Shake. Let sit one week.nVariations: If using fresh herbs basil, chives, etc. in place of raspberries also substitute 1 teaspoon salt for sugar, ingredients: [1 cup raspberries, Peel of 1 lemon rind sliced, 18 cup sugar, 2 cups white vinegar], title: Flavored Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 40823: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons of the oil in a skillet over medium heat and brown the brisket on all sides. Remove the meat from the skillet, and add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Stir in the garlic, onions and peppers and cook until translucent. Stir in the black pepper, browned meat, 1 cup water, seasoning and sofrito sauce. Simmer until the meat is tender and shreds easily, about 1 hour. Serve on top of white rice with beans., ingredients: [5 tablespoons oil, 2 12 pounds brisket, cut into strips, 2 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 large onion, diced, 1 green pepper, diced, 1 red pepper, diced, 1 yellow pepper, diced, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 3 ounces your favorite Latino seasoning, such as Goya Sazon, 3 ounces sofrito sauce, White rice, for serving, Black or red beans, for serving], title: Ropa Vieja, picturelink: null}, 40824: {instructions: Make the dip: Blend the heavy cream in a blender until slightly thickened. Add the sour cream, lemon juice, blue cheese, scallions and garlic powder and pulse to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and chill 2 hours.nMake the chips: Heat 1 to 2 inches vegetable oil in a large pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Rest a cooling rack on a baking sheet lined with paper towels. Spread some flour in a baking dish, add the beet slices and toss. Tap off the excess flour, then fry the beets in batches dont overcrowd the pot, stirring occasionally to make sure they dont stick to each other, 3 to 5 minutes, or until the fizzling around the chips slows down.nTransfer the chips with a slotted spoon to the rack and season with salt. Let cool at least 5 minutes the chips will crisp up as they cool. Return the oil to 350 degrees F between batches.nReplenish the oil, if necessary, and return to 350 degrees F. Dredge the sweet potato slices in flour and fry in batches, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to the rack, season with salt and let cool. Serve the chips with the bluecheese dip.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 1 8ounce container sour cream, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 2 medium to large beets 1 red, 1 yellow, peeled and sliced 18inch thick, Kosher salt, 1 sweet potato, peeled and sliced 18inch thick], title: Vegetable Chips with BlueCheese Dip, picturelink: umO9MoHKsgbvI0V2bFWcoDWtOiMLyv.}, 40825: {instructions: Peel, seed and dice the tomatoes season them to taste with capers and vinegar and just a touch of oil season with salt and pepper. Place a bed of the diced tomatoes on each diners plate, leaving enough room in the center for the shad. When the shad is out of the oven, center it in the middle of the tomatoes and garnish with chives., ingredients: [4 vine ripened tomatoes., 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 1 tablespoon sherry wine vinegar, Touch of olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Snipped chives], title: Tomato Garnish, picturelink: null}, 40826: {instructions: Put everything but the tomatoes in a food processor. Chop until diced. Add the tomatoes. Serve with chips.nMix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months., ingredients: [2 fresh jalapenos, 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, 1 clove garlic, 1 banana pepper, 1 lime, juice, 1 teaspoon House Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 can diced tomatoes, Tortilla chips, for serving, 1 cup salt, 14 cup black pepper, 14 cup garlic powder], title: Tays Hot and Spicy Salsa, picturelink: fZzC8TTZ.OHJgO3xDMTURJBruyEDoG}, 40827: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Tear the banana leaves in half and place 4 ounces of tilapia in the center of each leaf. Lay vegetables and olives or raisins across the top of fish. Squeeze 14 lemon on each piece. Drizzle olive oil over top, season with salt and pepper, to taste and top with orange peels. Wrap ingredients in the leaves and bake for 15 to 18 minutes., ingredients: [2 banana leaves, 1 pound tilapia fillets, 2 baby squash, thinly sliced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 plantain, thinly sliced, A handful olives or raisins, 1 lemon, cut into quarters, Olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Bitter orange peels], title: YJs Fish and Banana Leaves, picturelink: null}, 40828: {instructions: Start by making the roux. In a heavy bottomed pan, preferably a castiron skillet, melt the bacon fat and stir in the flour. Its important to keep stirring this until it turns a deep dark brown. Usually about 30 minutes. Also remember once it is brown to remove it from the burner and it will continue to cook as the pan is still really hot.nFor the gumbo: Melt the butter in a large pot. Add the celery, onions and green and red bell peppers. Let simmer for 5 minutes. Cut the hot links in 14inch halfmoons and add to the pot. Add the water, clam base, chili powder, thyme, oregano, garlic, paprika, cayenne, chicken base, hot sauce and bay leaf. Bring to a boil and turn down to a simmer. Let simmer for 30 minutes.nTake 1 cup of the liquid and stir it into the still hot roux it will expand to double the size. Add this to the gumbo and stir it in well bring it back to a boil. Once it has thickened, turn off the heat and stir in the okra and gumbo file. At this point you have a nice base that you can add your choice of proteins to, anything from crawfish, shrimp, crab, chicken or a combination.nServe in a bowl with steamed rice, soda crackers and Louisiana hot sauce., ingredients: [2 cups bacon fat, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 pound unsalted butter, 1 pound celery, diced, 1 pound onions, diced, 8 ounces green bell peppers, diced, 8 ounces red bell peppers, diced, 2 pounds Earl Campbells Hot Link Sausage, 5 quarts water, 34 cup clam base, 12 cup chili powder, 12 cup dried thyme, 1 tablespoon chicken base, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 12 cup dried oregano, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon cayenne, 1 bay leaf, 3 pounds frozen okra, 1 14 ounces gumbo file, Serving suggestions: steamed rice, soda crackers such as Saltines and Louisiana hot sauce. Start by making the roux.], title: Earl Campbells Hot Link Gumbo, picturelink: xO95MIxiUmG0dg6pOYesvVfbOk3EVeG}, 40829: {instructions: Wash the broccoli rabe well and let strain in a colander. Bring about 2 quarts of water to a boil and add a little salt. Add the broccoli rabe to the pot and bring back to a boil, and cook for about 2 to 3 minutes. Strain the broccoli rabe, reserving 12 cup of the cooking liquid. Run under cold water to cool down, drain, then coarsely chop the broccoli rabe. Set aside.nMeanwhile, remove the sausage from its casing, and crumble it well with your hands. Saute the sausage meat in a little oil for about 2 to 3 minutes until no longer pink. Set aside.nIn a Dutch oven or large saute pan, add the garlic and the olive oil and heat over medium flame until garlic is golden. Add the broccoli rabe and toss a little to mix well. Season with salt and pepper, red pepper flakes. Add the reserved cooking liquid and let simmer on a low flame for about 5 minutes, stirring often. Add the cooked sausage meat to this and mix well. Check seasoning. Cool down mixture if not using right away.nSpread the pizza dough with the rabe mixture. Bake in a pizza oven or a preheated 400 degree oven until lightly golden and the crust is browned, about 20 minutes. Cut into wedges and servenPour the water onto a mediumsized mixing bowl and add the yeast, stirring with a fork until dissolved. The water should turn a light beige color. Add 1 cup of flour and the salt. Mix thoroughly with a wooden spoon. Add the second cup of flour and repeat. The dough should start coming away from the sides of the bowl, forming a soft, sticky mass. Take the last cup of flour and sprinkle over a clean, dry work surface and flour your hands well.nTake the dough from the bowl and begin to work in the additional flour a little at a time. Use the heel of your hand to knead the dough and push across the work surface, clenching the dough with your fist and twisting it over. Use a dough scraper to help gather any wet dough that sticks to the surface while you are kneading. Also only add as much flour as it takes to keep the dough from sticking to your hands. When the dough no longer feels sticky, push the heel of your hand down into it and hold it there for 10 seconds. If the dough comes up clean, its ready. If it sticks you will have to knead it a bit more.nLightly oil a 2 quart bowl with vegetable oil, and roll the ball of dough around the bowl to coat it with a thin film of oil, then tightly seal the bowl with plastic wrap. Keep in a warm place, and let the dough rise for 30 to 45 minutes. When dough doubles in size, remove from bowl and punch it down with your fist to deflate, then knead it again for about a minute. Dough is now ready to stretch into a round, or press into a pizza pan.nNote: If you have a food processor with a dough hook attachment, you can make the dough much faster. Start by adding the yeast and water first and mixing well. Then add all the flour and salt and mix into a ball. Then rise the dough.nYield: 1 ball dough, ingredients: [1 bunch broccoli rabe, stems cleaned, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, sliced thinly or minced, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 pound Italian sweet or hot sausage in casing, Salt and pepper, Basic Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 1 cup warm tap water 100 to 115 degrees, 1 package active dry yeast, 3 to 3 12 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Sauteed Broccoli Rabe and Sausage Pizza, picturelink: null}, 40830: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Unfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 10inch square. Cut the pastry sheet into 4 5inch squares. Place the pastry squares onto a baking sheet. Beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork.nStir the jam and vinegar in a medium bowl with a fork or whisk. Add the strawberries and black pepper and toss to coat. Spoon about 14 cup strawberry mixture in the center of each pastry square. Fold the pastry corners over the filling to the center and twist the points firmly to seal. Brush with the egg mixture.nBake for 20 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Serve each with 12 cup ice cream, if desired., ingredients: [12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, thawed, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 14 cup strawberry jam, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 1 cup large fresh strawberry cut into quarters, 14 teaspoon cracked black pepper, Whipped cream or vanilla ice cream], title: Strawberry 4Point Tartlets, picturelink: RoOQdTo09uJq6m6jVPcdecxXpsvuKty}, 40831: {instructions: In a pot bring the stock to a boil. Then remove the pot from the flame and add beaten egg whites steadily, beating them into the soup as you pour. Add the sliced scallions, stir in. Remove to a heated tureen and serve., ingredients: [4 cups chicken stock, 3 large egg whites, beaten, 3 scallion greens, trimmed, finely sliced], title: Egg Drop Soup, picturelink: null}, 40832: {instructions: Slice the pork into 14inchthick slices, then stack the slices and cut into 2inchlong matchsticks. Put the matchsticks in a shallow bowl and add the garlic, 2 teaspoons of the rice wine, the cornstarch, soy sauce, sesame oil, sugar, 12 teaspoon of the salt, and 14 teaspoon of the pepper. Stir to combine.nHeat 14inch flatbottomed wok over high heat until a bead of water vaporizes within 1 to 2 seconds of contact. Swirl in the olive oil and add the pork, spread it around it in the wok. Cook undisturbed 20 seconds, letting the pork begin to brown. Then, using a metal spatula, stirfry the pork until it is no longer pink, about 1 minute. Add the bean sprouts, then remaining 2 teaspoons rice wine, 12 teaspoon of salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper and stirfry 1 to 2 minutes or until the pork and bean sprouts are just cooked through., ingredients: [8 ounces lean pork butt, 2 teaspoons grated garlic, 4 teaspoons Shao Hsing rice wine or dry sherry, 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons golden olive oil, 1 pound mung bean sprouts], title: Walter Keis ShanghaiStyle Pork and Bean Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 40833: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut all the vegetables on a baking sheet and toss with the oil to coat. Sprinkle with salt and roast until they are soft and pliable, about 15 to 20 minutes.nWhile the vegetables are roasting whisk together all of the ingredients for the vinaigrette in a small bowl. Remove the vegetables from the oven and put them in a bowl along with the papaya. Add the vinaigrette in stages to make sure the vegetables are well coated but not overdressed. Add the basil and papaya and toss. Arrange on a pretty platter alternating the vegetables. Garnish with the lime wedges, peanuts, and cilantro. Drizzle with 1 or 2 more spoonfuls of the vinaigrette and serve. Delicious, ingredients: [4 baby fennel bulbs, cut in 12 lengthwise, 2 baby bok choy, cut lengthwise into quarters, 1 red onion, rood end trimmed but left on, cut into thin wedges, 3 Fresno peppers, cut lengthwise into quarters, 3 baby eggplants, cut lengthwise into quarters, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 1 garlic clove, smashed and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 teaspoon sambal oelek, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon palm sugar, 2 tablespoons chiffonade Thai basil leaves, 1 green papaya, peeled and julienned, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 14 cup chopped peanuts, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves], title: Roasted Vegetables with Thai Vinaigrette Thailand, picturelink: null}, 40834: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Set the chicken in a small roasting pan season with 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Roast until golden and cooked through, about 40 minutes let cool. Shred the meat, discarding the skin and bones.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the sliced leeks and fennel and sprinkle with 14 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables soften, about 8 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the Pernod and saffron simmer until the liquid is almost evaporated, about 1 more minute.nAdd 34 cup water, the heavy cream, orange zest, potatoes and 12 teaspoon salt to the skillet. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook until the potatoes are almost tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the shredded chicken, tomatoes and fennel fronds season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Set out six 8to10ounce ramekins. Unfold the puff pastry on a lightly floured surface. Gently roll out the pastry so it is extended by about 12 inch in each direction. Using a ramekin as a guide, cut out 6 rounds slightly larger than the ramekins with a paring knife.nDivide the filling among the ramekins, filling each nearly to the top. Brush the rim and outer edge of 1 ramekin with the beaten egg. Set a puff pastry round on top and gently press around the edge to secure the dough. Repeat. Brush the remaining egg over the pastry.nTransfer the potpies to a baking sheet and bake until the pastry is domed and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 34 pounds skinon, bonein chicken thighs about 6, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 leeks white and light green parts only, sliced 14 inch thick, 1 fennel bulb, cored and thinly sliced, plus 1 tablespoon chopped fronds, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup Pernod or white wine, Pinch of saffron optional, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 2 medium redskinned potatoes about 12 pound, diced, 3 small plum tomatoes, finely chopped, 1 17ounce box frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Mini Chicken Potpies, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 40835: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a large, wellseasoned cast iron skillet over high heat. Pat the steaks dry with a paper towel, season with salt, to taste, and coat the meat the black pepper. Put the steaks in the hot skillet and cook until blackened and the steaks have released themselves from the pan. Turn the steaks and transfer the pan to the oven. Roast until an instantread thermometer registers 125 degrees F for mediumrare, or cook until desired doneness.nRemove the pan from the oven and transfer the steaks to a cutting board cover with aluminum foil to keep warm. Put the skillet back over medium heat. Carefully add the brandy and ignite it with a long kitchen match, to burn off the alcohol. Add the cream, and vinegar, and simmer until very thick. Stir in the butter just before serving.nSlice the steaks and serve with peppercorn sauce., ingredients: [2 bonein ribeye steaks, about 1 12 pounds each, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons coarsely cracked black pepper, 12 cup brandy, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Steak Au Poivre, picturelink: P3bC9x7NMWZH.CDN0ILVH9lb69xnmLa}, 40836: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSalad: In a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, salt, smoked paprika, and cayenne pepper, if using. Cook for 6 to 8 minutes until soft. Add the corn kernels and bay leaf. Cook, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Add the broth and black beans. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes and jicama and stir until warmed through, about 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat.nDressing: In a small bowl, combine the lemon juice, lime juice, agave nectar or maple syrup, if using, lemon zest, and lime zest. Whisk in the olive oil until the mixture is smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nRemove the bay leaf and put the salad in a serving bowl. Pour the dressing over the salad and mix well. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with chopped cilantro and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 12 teaspoons smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, optional, 4 ears corn, kernels removed or 2 cups frozen and thawed corn kernels, 1 dried bay leaf, 34 cup chicken broth, 2 15ounce cans black beans, rinsed and drained, 2 tomatoes, chopped, 6 ounces jicama, peeled and diced into 14inch pieces about 1 cup, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 3 tablespoons agave nectar or 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons lemon zest, 2 tablespoons lime zest, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Black Bean, Corn and Tomato Salad, picturelink: ZI9QplqRpBIZ5c5HtNLxhiYLc6ZWv1.}, 40837: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill to medium heat. Oil the grill grates well.nSlice the potatoes lengthwise into 34inch thick slices. Place the potatoes in a bowl and add the oil, paprika and season with 2 teaspoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper. Toss to coat.nPlace the potatoes on the grill and cook until slightly puffed and nicely golden brown on both sides, 20 to 30 minutes, turning 90 degrees after 5 minutes and flipping and repeating on the other side. Remove and allow to cool completely. Dice into 34 to 1inch pieces.nIn a large glass bowl, add the diced potatoes, celery, red onions and cilantro.nIn a medium glass bowl, add the sour cream, mayonnaise, mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons pepper, capers and lemon juice. Adjust the salt, as needed.nFold the mayonnaise mixture into the potato mixture, cover and refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes. Stir and adjust seasoning as needed., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for grill, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, Kosher salt and fresh cracked black pepper, 1 cup small diced celery, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, 2 teaspoons chopped capers, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Smokin Potato Salad, picturelink: Ja5uaD8Q7m7vvtWwk2.48dr1eCreqi}, 40838: {instructions: Please include direction to work quickly and not to overheat mixture as sauce is likely to break, separate.nIn a saucepan combine vinegar, wine and shallots. Over low to medium heat reduce mixture to about 1 tablespoon of product. Mixture will become like a jam.nOver low heat add dots of cold butter while continually whisking. Continue to add, mount, butter quickly, barely allowing for previously added butter to melt. Mixture will appear frothy and creamy.nStrain sauce optional. Season with salt and pepper to taste Serve over steamed asparagus, ingredients: [2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 to 2 sticks unsalted butter, cold, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Basic Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 40839: {instructions: In a bowl, combine condensed cheese soup and the shredded cheese. Spread mixture on baguette slices. Butter the outside of the sandwiches.nHeat large frying pan or griddle over mediumhigh heat. Place sandwiches in the pan and cook until golden brown, approximately 2 minutes. Flip sandwiches and cook second side. Cover frying pan to ensure that the cheese melts. Serve as dunkers with mugs of Spicy TomatoCheese Soup.nCombine all ingredients in a medium saucepan. Heat thoroughly, over medium heat, stirring occasionally.nServe in mugs with Grilled Cheese Dippers., ingredients: [1 can condensed Southweststyle pepper jack soup, 8 ounces Mexicanstyle shredded cheese, 1 baguette French bread, sliced 12inch thick, 12 stick butter, softened, Spicy TomatoCheese Soup, recipe follows, 1 can condensed tomato soup, 1 can condensed Cheddar cheese soup, 3 cups spicy tomato juice, 2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce, 1 teaspoon dried basil], title: Grilled Cheese Dippers with Spicy TomatoCheese Soup, picturelink: null}, 40840: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F spray a 9by13inch pan with nonstick cooking spray.nStir together the chocolatehazelnut spread, flour and eggs in a medium bowl. Pour into the prepared pan and spread the mixture to the edges.nBake until the surface looks set and slightly crisp, about 25 minutes. Let cool slightly, then cut into squares and enjoy, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the pan, 2 12 cups chocolatehazelnut spread, such as Nutella, 1 heaping cup allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs], title: ThreeIngredient Brownies, picturelink: 0.nYOgjWN4bSYHw2I2Z320DVjbXHgWy}, 40841: {instructions: Using a deepfry thermometer to register the temperature, heat enough oil to 350 degrees F in a large heavybottomed pot to 13 full. Line a baking tray with paper towels. Put the cornstarch in a bowl.nIn batches, coat the tofu with cornstarch and gently put in the hot oil, separating the tofu fries as they are cooking to prevent sticking. Remove the tofu fries from the oil once golden brown, season with salt and repeat with the remaining tofu fries., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 14 pounds extrafirm tofu, drained, cut into 34inch sticks, Salt], title: Tofu Fries, picturelink: null}, 40842: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper.nCream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the salt and vanilla. Then add the pecans and potato chips and mix well. With a wooden spoon, stir in the flour just until it disappears.nRoll the batter into balls about the size of a large walnut and place on the parchmentlined cookie sheet, allowing plenty of room for spreading. Coat the bottom of a heavy glass with butter and then dip in sugar. Press and twist to flatten each ball into a 3inch circle. Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until the edges turn lightly golden brown. Transfer to racks to cool.nFor optional garnish, melt the chocolate in a bowl over a pot of simmering water. Let cool slightly. When cool enough to handle, dip your fingertips, or the tines of a fork, in the chocolate and drizzle over the cookies. Refrigerate to set., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup crushed potato chips, 2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, Sugar for dipping, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, for garnish optional], title: Border Sugar Cookies, picturelink: null}, 40843: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat olive oil over medium heat. Add tomatoes, and simmer until almost all the liquid has evaporated, about 25 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper. Transfer tomatoes to a stainlesssteel colander, and drain any excess liquid. Set asidenPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine eggs, salt, black pepper, nutmeg, and cayenne pepper. Lightly beat mixture with a fork.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in a 10inch heatproof, nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Pour 13 of the egg mixture, about 1 12 cups, into skillet. Using a rubber spatula, stir eggs until they just begin to set, about 1 minute. Sprinkle both cheeses on top. Using spatula, gently pull sides of omelet toward center so any uncooked liquid runs underneath. Cook until eggs have almost completely set, 3 to 4 minutes.nTransfer the skillet to oven, and bake until fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove skillet from oven. Place a baking sheet on top of skillet, and invert skillet onto baking sheet, releasing the omelet layer hold both baking sheet and skillet firmly so omelet doesnt slide. Set aside in a warm place.nCarefully wipe out the hot skillet with a paper towel. Add 1 tablespoon butter, and melt over mediumhigh heat. Pour another 13 of the egg mixture into the skillet, and stir with the rubber spatula until the eggs just begin to set, about 1 minute. Add half of the reserved cooked tomatoes to the eggs. Using the spatula, gently pull sides of the omelet toward the center so any uncooked liquid runs underneath. When the eggs have almost completely set, spread the remaining tomatoes on top.nTransfer skillet to oven, and bake until fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from oven, and place another baking sheet on top of skillet carefully invert skillet to release second layer. Carefully slide on top of the first one, and set the 2 aside in a warm place.nWipe out the hot skillet with a paper towel. Add remaining 1 tablespoon butter, and melt over mediumhigh heat. Pour the remaining 13 of the egg mixture into the skillet, and stir with the rubber spatula until the eggs just begin to set, about 1 minute. Add 12 of the spinach and thyme incorporate into the eggs. Using the spatula, gently pull sides of the omelet toward the center so any uncooked liquid runs underneath. When the eggs have almost completely set, spread remaining spinach and thyme on top.nTransfer skillet to the oven, and bake until fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Invert the third layer onto a baking sheet, and slide on top of the other 2 layers.nTransfer the 3layer omelet to a serving platter, and garnish with leeks and chives. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 ripe tomatoes, seeded and cut into 12inch dice, 34 teaspoon coarse salt, plus more to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, plus more to taste, 21 large eggs, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup grated Vermont cheddar cheese, 34 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 23 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, torn in half, 8 ounces spinach, leaves picked and torn in half, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 small leek, julienned, for garnish, 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Memries Layered Omelet, picturelink: null}, 40844: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and heat the broiler.nDrizzle the kale with a little EVOO and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Arrange on a rack set over a rimmed baking sheet and broil until crisp, about 5 minutes.nWarm a serving platter in a 250 degree F oven.nHeat 1 tablespoon EVOO in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper, then saute until just cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side. Douse the fish with the vermouth, then transfer to the platter and cover to keep warm.nReturn the skillet to the heat and toast the almonds over medium heat. Add the butter and cook until browned, about 3 minutes. Grate the zest of the lemon and add it to the browned butter, then squeeze in the juice from half the lemon. Stir in the parsley.nArrange the fish on a bed of crispy kale. Slice the remaining lemon half into 4 thin rounds and place one on each piece of fish. Spoon the brown butter sauce and the almonds on top., ingredients: [1 bunch Tuscan kale also called lacinato kale, stemmed, 1 tablespoon EVOO, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Grated nutmeg, 4 fillets branzino, Splash white vermouth, 12 cup sliced almonds, chopped, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Branzino with Brown Butter and Almonds on a Bed of Crispy Kale, picturelink: yuq0QwfqdI95xjhfktNJnd9k0k1lXou}, 40845: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small bowl combine the spinach, onion, Parmesan, butter, wine, cayenne pepper, and black pepper. Shuck the oysters and leave them on the half shell. Top with a heaping tablespoon of the spinach mixture and arrange them on a baking sheet. Bake for approximately 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and top each with a slice of tomato and cheese. Return to the oven and bake until the cheese melts.nTransfer the oysters to a serving platter and serve with a wedge of lemon and good hot sauce. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 12 pounds fresh steamed spinach, drained, 1 medium onion, minced, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, melted, 14 cup white wine, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 2 dozen fresh raw oysters, 6 large slices ripe red tomato, quartered, 6 large slices provolone cheese, quartered, Lemon wedges, for serving, Hot sauce, for serving], title: Oyster Rocks at the Rib, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 40846: {instructions: Spread softened butter and dijon mustard inside a split loaf of French bread. Fill with deli ham, sliced brie and sliced green apple. Cut into pieces., ingredients: [], title: Ham, Brie and Apple Tea Sandwich, picturelink: c8pZQ1U02FNjcpB6v9qCSR5uiHAjJhm}, 40847: {instructions: Place all ingredients, except potato and corn in a bowl and mix well. Season with salt and pepper. Let sit in the refrigerator for at least 12 hours and reserve.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBake the potato and corn for about 20 minutes, until potato is moderately soft and corn is well cooked. Let cool and remove skin from potato dice small, and place in a mixing bowl. Remove corn from the cob and gently mix with potato and season. Keep at room temperature until ready to serve. When ready to serve, fold the corn and potato into the ceviche., ingredients: [3 pounds very fresh corvina, skin removed, deboned, and small dice, 12 limes, juiced and zested, 1 tablespoon chopped Italian parsley leaves, 1 small red onion, sliced thin, Salt and white pepper, 1 small sweet potato, 1 ear corn, in the husk], title: Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 40848: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine 1 12 cups of the allpurpose flour, the whole wheat pastry flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda. Using a pastry cutter or two knives, cut the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Combine the buttermilk and 1 tablespoon of the oil. Pour the buttermilk mixture into the flour mixture and gently mix until just combined.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead lightly using the heel of your hand to compress and push the dough away from you, and then fold it back over itself. Give the dough a small turn and repeat eight or so times. Its not yeast bread you want to just barely activate the gluten, not overwork it. Using a lightly floured rolling pin, roll the dough out 12 inch thick. Cut out rounds of dough with a 1 12inch round cutter dipped in flour press the cutter straight down without twisting so the biscuits will rise evenly when baked.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Using a wooden spoon, break up the meat into small pieces. Cook until lightly browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Pour off any excess rendered fat. Add the onions and cook until clear and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the remaining 14 cup allpurpose flour and stir to combine and coat. Add the milk and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil and then reduce the heat to simmer. Let cook, stirring occasionally, until thick, about 5 minutes. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, place the biscuits on an ungreased baking sheet about 1 inch apart. Bake until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool just slightly. Split and serve hot with the sausage gravy., ingredients: [1 34 cups Southern allpurpose flour, such as White Lily, or cake flour not selfrising, plus more for rolling out, 12 cup whole wheat pastry flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits and chilled, 34 to 1 cup lowfat buttermilk, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 14 pounds lean pork, chicken or turkey sausage, casings removed, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 sweet onion, finely chopped, 2 cups 2percent or whole milk], title: Buttermilk Biscuits with Sausage Gravy, picturelink: lWGODrIYZUZT8jkF5Cb6nrm.XU3Mj1y}, 40849: {instructions: Heat a paella pan, the pan should be wide enough to be covered by the rice in a thin layer. As soon as the pan is hot add 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Then add the chicken thighs, a pinch of salt, and let them brown slightly, turning them patiently.nWhen they are cooked through, no juices run pink, add the garlic, green pepper and tomatoes. Add the rice and stir in until translucent. Add the saffron with the water it has soaked in and stir well. Then add 12 the stock slowly, submerging the ingredients. Add the king sized prawns and the squid.nBring to the boil and leave to cook without stirring for 12 minutes adding more stock if the surface dries out. After 12 minutes the rice should still look succulent and juicy. Remove from the heat, cover with a thick cloth and leave to stand for a further 10 minutes for the rice to finish soaking up the remaining juices.nFeel welcome to dress the paella with thick slices of lemon, salt and the remaining 1tablespoon olive oil., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 chicken thighs, Salt to taste, 2 cloves garlic, crushed with a little salt, 12 green pepper, seeded and diced, 1 large ripe tomato, skinned and finely chopped or grated, 2 cups Bomba or Valencia rice Spanish short grain rice, risotto rice can be substituted, 10 threads saffron, soaked in a little boiling water, 8 cups fresh chicken, vegetable or fish stock, 8 king prawns, keep their shells, heads and tails on, 1 cup sliced cleaned squid calamari, 1 lemon sliced thinly, for garnish], title: Paella, picturelink: null}, 40850: {instructions: For the noodles: Put sliced zucchini on a plate and allow them to rest on the counter at room temperature.nFor the ricotta: Put all of the ricotta ingredients except the water in a blender or food processor and pulse a few times until incorporated. Blend in the water until mixture is slightly fluffy you may not use all of the water, or you may need a little more to achieve the consistency.nFor the tomato sauce: Mix all of the tomato sauce ingredients together in a blender or food processor until smooth. Set aside.nFor the pesto: Place ingredients into a food processor and blend until well combined but still chunky. Taste and season, if necessary, with additional sea salt.nTo assemble: Put 2 to 3 zucchini slices on a plate, overlapping one on top of another. Gently spread the ricotta over the zucchini, covering the entire surface. Repeat the same process with the tomato sauce, and then the pesto. Sandwich the purees with another 2 to 3 slices of zucchini, and then gently press down. In the center of the second layer of zucchini, spread a small amount of each puree, one on top of the other, like previously executed. Put a basil leaf in the center of the purees as a garnish. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [3 to 4 medium zucchini, ends trimmed off, sliced very thin may use mandolin if possible, 2 12 cups pine nuts, 2 12 tablespoons nutritional yeast, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 6 tablespoons filtered water, 2 cups sundried tomatoes, with oil from jar, 2 vineripened tomatoes, sliced, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon raw honey, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 bunch fresh basil leaves, 12 cup shelled pistachios, 14 to 13 cups extravirgin olive oil, Pinch sea salt and pepper], title: Rawsagna, picturelink: yjiCezt8q1YYbQAhyND7yp5nYycVju}, 40851: {instructions: Using a pastry brush, brush olive oil on the vegetable slices and the portobello mushrooms. Season them with salt and pepper. Place vegetables on a hot grill and cook until they are tender. Once vegetables are done brush sliced bread with olive oil and grill on both sides. To assemble, slice portobellos into 14inch slices, spread both sides of the grilled bread with Herbed Mayonnaise and then top with 1 slice each of grilled vegetables and a quarter of the mushrooms, and finish off with lettuce and top with remaining piece of bread.nCombine all ingredients in a food processor and pulse., ingredients: [1 Japanese eggplant sliced on an angle in halfinch thick slices, 1 small zucchini sliced on an angle in halfinch thick slices, 1 red pepper cut in quarters lengthwise, 1 small red onion cut into 4 slices, 2 portobello mushroom caps, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 8 slices crusty peasant style bread cut 12inch thick, 4 pieces red leaf lettuce, Herbed Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 34 cup mayonnaise, 12 lemon, juiced, A few drop hot sauce, 1 garlic clove, crushed and skin removed, 2 tablespoons thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Great Grilled Vegetable Sandwich, picturelink: wH1MKRMdQg6mIyddrzOTqTDAbmFKyVy}, 40852: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the pumpkin puree, heavy cream, vanilla and egg. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and salt. Using a pastry blender, cut the butter into the flour mixture. Add the pecans and toss to combine. Use a fork to stir in the pumpkin mixture just until you have craggy dough. Do not overmix.nTip the dough out onto the prepared baking sheet and pat it into a 6inch circle. Cut the dough into 8 equal triangles and freeze them for at least 15 minutes. Once theyre frozen, you could transfer them to an airtight container and keep them frozen for up to a month.nSpread the scones out on the baking sheet and brush with a bit of cream. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool completely, about 1 hour.nMix together the cream cheese, confectioners sugar and milk with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Spread some of the cream cheese mixture on top of each scone and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup canned pumpkin puree, 14 cup heavy cream, plus more for brushing the tops, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 3 ounces chopped pecans 34 cup, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon whole milk], title: Pumpkin Scones, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 40853: {instructions: Mix together the mustard and sambal. Preheat an oven to high broil. Butter 1 side of each slice of bread. Build each half of the sandwich by placing the buttered side down, topped with meatloaf, mustard spread, tomato slices then the cheese. Repeat for all slices of bread. Heat an oven proof nonstick skillet on medium heat. Lay the buttered side down until lightly brown, about 2 minutes. Place pan in the oven under the broiler to melt and brown the cheese, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from oven and place slices together to make 4 sandwiches. Slice on the diagonal and eat as soon as possible.nWine Suggestion: Rabbit Ridge. California Zinfandel, Barrel Cuvee, 1997, ingredients: [2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons sambal or sweet chile sauce, Soft butter to spread, 8 slices whole wheat bread, 8 thin slices cold meatloaf, 2 tomatoes, thinly sliced, 8 thin slices gruyere], title: Meatloaf Croque Monsieur Leftovers, picturelink: null}, 40854: {instructions: Make the glaze: Bring the port to a simmer in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook until slightly reduced and syrupy, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the truffle oil, truffle salt and sugar add more truffle oil to taste. Let cool slightly.nMake the aioli: Whisk the mayonnaise, truffle oil, garlic and lemon juice in a small bowl add more truffle oil to taste. Set aside.nCook the burgers: Preheat a castiron or other heavybottomed skillet over high heat. Lightly brush the skillet with vegetable oil. Form the beef into four 34inchthick patties, 4 inches each. Cook until the bottoms are seared, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook about 4 more minutes for medium. Top each burger with a slice of cheese and let melt, about 1 more minute remove to a plate. Brush the cut sides of the buns with melted butter and toast in the skillet, 30 seconds to 1 minute.nSpread the aioli on the bottom buns top with the burgers. Whisk the glaze and drizzle over the burgers cover with the top buns.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 12 cups tawny port, 2 tablespoons white truffle oil, plus more to taste, 18 teaspoon truffle salt, Pinch of sugar, 12 cup highquality mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon white truffle oil, plus more to taste, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 1 12 pounds coarsely ground beef ask your butcher for a blend of top round and brisket, if possible, 4 slices Il Boschetto al Tartufo or other truffle cheese, 4 brioche or Portuguese buns, split, Unsalted butter, melted, for brushing], title: Truffle Burger, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 40855: {instructions: Place the chocolate in a medium bowl. Heat the cream in a small pot until hot, then pour over the chocolate. Let sit for a few minutes. Whisk until blended and smooth., ingredients: [8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, or semisweet chocolate chips, 8 ounces heavy cream], title: Ganache, picturelink: null}, 40856: {instructions: 1. Heat 1inch vegetable oil in a small saucepan to 350 degrees F. Fry the cheese until golden brown, 30 to 45 seconds, turning often. Remove to paper towels to drain.n2. Just before serving, toss the cheese in a large bowl with the watermelon and celery. Drizzle with the balsamic vinegar and olive oil., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 10 ounces haloumi cheese, cut into 1inch cubes, 12 small seedless watermelon, cubed about 6 cups, 6 tender inner celery stalks, leaves and hearts, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Watermelon and Haloumi Salad, picturelink: cQoa9vqgsuE0nxGyK2s7NN9fHH966a}, 40857: {instructions: Arrange the shrimp on a large platter. Sprinkle with the minced jalapeno and the chopped cilantro. Pour the lime juice over and let marinate for at least 30 minutes, refrigerated. When ready to cook, season lightly with salt.nIn a small bowl, sift together the flour and baking powder. Whisk in the water until the batter is smooth, and then add the remaining ingredients, seasoning with cayenne and salt to taste. If made earlier in the day, set the bowl into an ice bath.nAt serving time, in a heavy saucepan, wok, or deepfryer, heat 3 inches of oil to 350 degrees F. Dip each shrimp into the batter and coat well. Carefully place 1 or 2 in the hot oil and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon or a flat strainer and drain on paper or clean toweling. Keep warm while preparing the remaining shrimp and the spinach.nArrange a few fried spinach leaves on half of each of 4 plates. Place 4 shrimps on the other half and serve immediately.nIn a wok or deep, heavy saucepan, heat about 3 inches of peanut oil to 375 degrees F. Clean the spinach leaves well, trim and dry thoroughly. Fry until crisp and translucent, about 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on clean toweling. Season with salt to taste and serve immediately., ingredients: [16 large shrimp, peeled, cleaned and deveined, with tail intact, 1 large or 2 small jalapeno peppers, seeded and minced, 4 or 5 sprigs cilantro, leaves chopped, 2 medium limes, juiced, Salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 14 cups water, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 12 cup cilantro leaves, chopped fine, 1 to 1 12 teaspoons cayenne pepper, Salt, Peanut oil, for frying, Fried Spinach Leaves, recipe follows, 1 bunch spinach leaves, Peanut oil, Salt], title: Shrimp Tempura with Cilantro, picturelink: null}, 40858: {instructions: Dip rice paper into warm water to soften. Lay out on a damp towel. Arrange a few sprouts, carrots, cabbage, red peppers on the lower bottom of the rice paper. Fold right and left sides over filling and roll up tightly. Place seam side down on serving platter.nIn a bowl combine all of the ingredients. Let stand at room temperature before serving or store in the refrigerator., ingredients: [Rice paper, Bowl of warm water, Sprouts, Julienned carrots, Julienned Napa cabbage, Julienned red peppers, Asian chililime dipping sauce, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons cup lime juice, 4 tablespoons rice vinegar, 4 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon red chilies, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Spring Rolls with Asian ChiliLime Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40859: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the bell pepper, onion, garlic, zucchini, and olive oil in a medium mixing bowl and toss until the vegetables are coated. Spread the vegetables evenly on sheet pan lined with foil and place to the oven. Roast, tossing occasionally, until they are soft and are beginning to turn brown around the edges, approximately 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely.nPlace the vegetables in the bowl of a food processor along with the cream cheese and process until well combined and spreadable do not process until completely smooth.nTaste and season with salt and pepper, if desired. Spread on soft bread, such as challah, foccacia, or pita bread. Store in the refrigerator in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper, sliced into rings, 1 medium onion, sliced into rings, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 small zucchini, sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 ounces cream cheese, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Challah, foccacia, or pita bread, for serving], title: Roasted Vegetable Spread, picturelink: yAD8Hb17u6yyxYEc4zlofvG0ZgEJIYG}, 40860: {instructions: Position 2 oven racks in the top and middle position, and preheat to 450 degrees F. Toss the grapes and sage leaves with 2 tablespoons of the oil, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake on the top rack until the grapes have shriveled and softened and the skins have browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Pull out some of the sage leaves to use as garnish.nMeanwhile, season the pork all over with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in a large ovenproof skillet over high heat. Add the pork and cook, turning as needed, until wellbrowned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the middle rack of the oven, and roast the pork until an instantread thermometer inserted in the center registers 145 degrees F, 11 to 12 minutes. Set aside to rest.nWhile the grapes and pork roast, put the couscous in a medium bowl. Add just enough hot water to cover the couscous, cover with plastic wrap and let sit until all the liquid is absorbed and the couscous is tender, about 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork.nSlice the pork. Put the couscous on a serving platter, and top with the pork and grapes. Sprinkle with the walnuts and reserved sage leaves., ingredients: [3 cups mixed black and green seedless grapes, 10 to 12 fresh sage leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pork tenderloin, trimmed and patted dry about 1 14 pounds, 12 cup couscous, 2 tablespoons walnuts, chopped], title: 30Minute Roasted Pork with Grapes and Couscous, picturelink: 4QKc7eHijIvsIKtzprNz1N88sy7w0i6}, 40861: {instructions: In a blender, combine the speculoos, milk, and banana and mix until combined, 1 minute. Add the ice cream and blend until mixed but still thick, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour some into pintparfait glasses alternating with dollops of preserves, creating layers. Using a long skewer, or a knife, swirl the jam into the shake, have fun with it. Garnish with a strawberry on the edge of the glass and watch the love in your childs eyes shine., ingredients: [12 cup speculoos cookie spread, 12 cup whole milk, 1 very ripe large banana, 8 cups vanilla ice cream, 1 cup strawberry preserves, 4 whole strawberries, for garnish], title: Biscuit and Jam Shake, picturelink: dBo2M53u2U2rB0LrRRAo39XzoFAPbiS}, 40862: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the red onion and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is soft, about 4 minutes. Add the chipotles, tomatoes and chicken broth and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Add the crushed chips and tequila reduce the heat and simmer 10 minutes.nTransfer the soup to a blender and puree until smooth. Season with salt. Pour into small bowls or shot glasses top each with sour cream, cilantro and a whole chip., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 small red onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup lightly crushed tortilla chips, plus whole chips for topping, 1 tablespoon tequila optional, Kosher salt, Sour cream and chopped fresh cilantro, for topping], title: TortillaChipotle Soup, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 40863: {instructions: In a large nonreactive saucepan heat olive oil. Add onions and carrots and reduce heat to low. Add 14 cup of water and garlic. Cover and cook gently until vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in tomatoes with puree, using a wooden spoon to break up tomatoes by mashing them against the sides of the saucepan. Add remaining 12 cup of water, cover and simmer over low heat for 1 hour, stirring now and then. Press sauce through a sieve or food mill and discard solids. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Use immediately or ladle into freezer containers. This sauce can freeze up to a year., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 4 onions, chopped, 1 pound carrots, cut into 14inch rounds, 34 cup water, 3 cloves garlic, 2 cans 28 ounces each plum tomatoes in tomato puree, Salt and pepper], title: Micheles Favorite Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40864: {instructions: Toss the cabbage and peppers and place into a strainer resting over a bowl to drain for 2 hours. Then place into a mason jar.nIn a small saucepan, bring the vinegar, sugar, mustard seed, and celery seed to a boil. Pour over the cabbage and the peppers. Store in the refrigerator for 3 days before serving.nYield:nPreparation time: Cooking time: 5 minutes Ease of preparation: easy, ingredients: [12 head Napa cabbage, shredded, salted, and rinsed, 2 red bell peppers, thinly sliced, 2 green bell peppers, thinly sliced, 34 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon mustard seed, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 1 cup sugar], title: Marinated Slaw, picturelink: null}, 40865: {instructions: Heat a grill to medium. Brush the bell pepper with some of the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Brush the eggplant slices on both sides with more of the canola oil, season with salt and pepper.nGrill the eggplant until charred on the first side, about 3 minutes. Turn and continue grilling until tender, another 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the eggplant to a cutting board. Grill the bell pepper, turning occasionally, until charred all over and tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and let steam while you make the eggplant puree.nSmash the garlic cloves, sprinkle them with salt, and mash and smear them to a paste using the side of a knife. Remove the skin from the eggplant and transfer the flesh to a food processor. Add the garlic paste, tahini, yogurt, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, and the lemon zest, oregano and smoked paprika. Process until smooth and thick. Add salt to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and let sit for at least 15 minutes to allow the flavors to meld. Peel, seed and dice the bell pepper.nDrizzle the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil over the dip. Top with the diced peppers and the chopped parsley. Serve with warm pita or lavash., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper, 14 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large eggplant, ends trimmed, sliced lengthwise 1inch thick, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup tahini, 14 cup Greek yogurt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon hot smoked paprika, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 6 pita breads or 3 large lavash, heated on the grill], title: Grilled Eggplant Dip, picturelink: null}, 40866: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the butter in a 9inch round nonreactive baking dish. Set pan in oven long enough to barely melt butter or melt in microwave. Remove from oven, swirl pan to coat evenly with butter, set in a warm place.nToss cranberries with sugar and walnuts, set aside.nIn a mixing bowl, stir together flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Add milk and stir until just combined. Pour the batter into the pan, it will be pancake batter thin, this is what you want. Pour cranberry mixture over batter, distributing evenly. Bake for 40 to 50 minutes or until cranberries are bubbly and soft and slightly golden. Serve warm, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups fresh or frozen cranberries, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup chopped walnuts, optional, 34 cup flour, 34 sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup milk], title: Nantucket Cranberry Pie, Cooking Thin Slim Down, picturelink: null}, 40867: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoughly chop the hazelnuts, and then spread them out on a sheet pan and roast in the oven until golden, 5 to 7 minutes.nWash and pat dry the Brussels sprouts and kale. Cut the Brussels sprouts in half lengthwise, through the stem. Using a sharp knife or mandoline, finely slice the Brussels sprouts crosswise to give you fine ribbons. Remove the tough stems from the kale leaves and discard. Stack the leaves up on top of one another and cut across the stem so it yields a similar shape to the shaved Brussels sprouts. Cut the sides of the apple off and cut into thin slices.nTo make the vinaigrette, combine the olive oil, champagne vinegar, Dijon mustard and some salt and pepper in a bowl, whisking together until lightly emulsified. To serve, mix the Brussels sprouts, kale and apple together well in a large salad bowl. Lightly dress with the champagne vinaigrette, and then top with shaved Pecorino and chopped toasted hazelnuts., ingredients: [12 cup skinless hazelnuts, 8 ounces Brussels sprouts, 1 small bunch kale about 4 cups lightly packed leaves, 1 small Granny Smith apple, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 13 cup grated Pecorino], title: Shaved Brussels Sprout and Kale Slaw with Pecorino and Toasted Hazelnuts, picturelink: m2sQCGJeVnQe5WJBn8tdVd0hHVJQ9S}, 40868: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the jam, oil, vinegar, mustard and salt until well combined and emulsified, then mix in the basil. Add the Parmesan chunks and sugar snap peas, and toss to coat., ingredients: [14 cup apricot jam, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 cup 12inch chunks Parmesan, 1 pound sugar snap peas, strings removed and halved], title: Snap Peas and Parmesan Salad, picturelink: yFFWT8wDAvBRFOgpRAoRB9ibZM2avX6}, 40869: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together the oil, vinegar salt and pepper. Place the lettuce in a large bowl and toss with half the dressing. Place the lettuce onto 4 salad plates.nToss the strawberries with the remaining dressing and place 14 of the berries on top of each mound of lettuce. Top each with cheese and sprinkle with the basil., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 heart romaine lettuce, torn or cut into bitesized pieces 3 cups lightly packed, 1 8ounce container of strawberries, hulled and sliced, 3 ounces partskim mozzarella cheese, diced about 34 cup, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, cut into ribbons], title: Strawberry and Mozzarella Salad, picturelink: Rj2IJB45vhp0VvWcyJqjNoL0FaXzq0.}, 40870: {instructions: Season chicken generously with salt and pepper on both sides. Place egg whites in a shallow dish or plate. Whisk in cheese, parsley, and lemon zest. Dredge each chicken piece through the egg mixture, shaking off excess, and set in flour. Shake the plate so chicken pieces get coated, turn chicken over and repeat. Shake off all of the excess flour. Lay on a cookie sheet lined with parchment and set next to stove.nHeat oil in a 12inch nonstick pan over medium high heat. When hot but not smoking, add chicken and cook, turning once, until golden and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut into 8 pieces and lightly pounded, Coarse salt and cracked black pepper, 2 egg whites, beaten, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 14 cup chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest I use a rasp, 1 cup allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, cut into 8 wedges], title: City Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 40871: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, beat butter, sugar and vanilla with a hand mixer until smooth. Stir in flour, cornmeal and lemon zest and beat until dough clings together. Divide dough into 3 equal portions and roll into ropes about 1inch thick. Place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Flatten ropes slightly and press the back of a 14inch teaspoon measuring spoon, or your finger to make a 12inch wide indentation for every inch of the rope. Spoon a 14 teaspoon of jam into each indentation. Bake in oven for 10 to 14 minutes, until sides just start to brown. Let cool on baking sheet for 5 to 10 minutes. Place chopped white chocolate in a baggy in warm water. Push the chocolate into the corner of the baggy until thoroughly melted. Wipe off any water on the outside of the bag and snip the corner to drizzle chocolate over cookie ropes. Chill until chocolate has set and with a sharp knife cut ropes diagonally into 1inch wide pieces. Store the cookies in an airtight container, separating the layers with waxed paper., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons white cornmeal, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup boysenberry jam, 2 ounces white chocolate, chopped or broken], title: Papas Boysenberry Ropes, picturelink: null}, 40872: {instructions: Finely grate the potatoes on a hand grater. Place in batches into a clean kitchen towel and squeeze out as much liquid as possible, place in a large bowl. Add the onion, beaten egg, baking powder, flour, and cilantro, and mix to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat 14 cup of vegetable oil in a large cast iron skillet until almost smoking. Drop potato mixture into the skillet 1 heaping tablespoon at a time and smooth the tops with the back of a spoon to 1 12inches in diameter. Fry over moderate heat, turning them once with a spatula for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, or until golden brown and crisp.nRemove to a platter lined with paper towels. Repeat with remaining mixture, adding more oil if necessary. Top each with a small dollop of mango serrano creme fraiche, flaked trout, and a cilantro leaf.nCombine in a medium bowl. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 large russet potatoes, peeled, 12 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 2 to 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, Mango Serrano Creme Fraiche, recipe follows, 12 pound skinned and boned smoked trout, flaked, Cilantro leaves, 1 cup creme fraiche, 12 ripe mango, peeled, pitted and finely diced, 2 serrano peppers, roasted, peeled and finely diced, 3 tablespoons finely chopped red onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato Pancakes with Mango Serrano Creme Fraiche and Smoked Trout, picturelink: null}, 40873: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Mix all ingredients in medium bowl. Press crust mixture onto bottom of 9inch spring form pan with 2 34 inches high on the sides. Bake crust until firm, about 8 minutes. Transfer pan to rack and cool crust completely.nMix ice cream, kahlua in large bowl. Mix in heath bars, saving several tablespoons for garnish. Pour ice cream into crust, smooth top, freeze until firm, about four hours. Can be prepared 2 days ahead covered.nUsing small knife cut around side of pan to loosen torte. Remove pan sides, sprinkle saved crushed heath bar on top. Let torte stand 3 to 5 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve with hot fudge sauce.nCombine chopped dark chocolate with butter, sugar, heavy cream, and hot water. Melt mixture stirring, at low heat for five minutes. Remove from heat, add vanilla and salt and serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 cups chocolate cookie crumbs about 6 12 ounces, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons Kahlua, 1 quart chocolate ice cream, 1 pint coffee ice cream, 4 tablespoons Kahlua, 4 to 6 heath bars, crushed in food processor or with mallet, 8 ounces of chopped semisweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons, plus 1 teaspoon butter, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup hot water, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Pinch of salt], title: Mocha Kahlua Ice Cream Torte with Hot Fudge Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40874: {instructions: For the pickled onions: In a pot, combine the vinegar and brown sugar, and bring to a simmer. Whisk to dissolve the sugar. Add the onions and bring the pot back to a simmer and cook until the onions are tender.nRemove from the heat and store the onions in their pickling liquid in a nonreactive container for at least 1 hour, but preferably overnight.nFor the burgers: In a bowl mash 1 12 pounds of the black beans. Add the remaining black beans to the bowl with the corn, rice, chili powder, cumin and coriander, and mix everything together by hand. Season with salt and pepper. Form the burger mixture into 6 patties and set aside.nFor the cream: In a bowl whisk together the sour cream, honey, lime juice and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper, and adjust the flavor with more honey if the dressing is too tart.nFor Plating: Heat a castiron griddle over high heat until it begins to smoke. Butter both sides of the buns and toast them on the griddle until golden brown.nHeat the grapeseed oil on the griddle. Place the burgers on the griddle and sear the first side for about 3 minutes. Flip and cook the second side until seared and the center is hot, about more 3 minutes.nIn a bowl combine the arugula with 2 tablespoons of the prepared sour cream, a squeeze of lime juice and some salt.nSpread the prepared sour cream on each side of the buns. Place the burgers on the bun and top each with 2 ounces of the pickled red onions and 12 cup of the arugula salad., ingredients: [4 cups apple cider vinegar, 2 cups brown sugar, 2 red onions, sliced, 2 pounds cooked black beans, 1 cup corn kernels, 1 cup cooked wild rice, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon coriander, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup honey, plus more if needed, 14 cup lime juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 brioche buns, 6 tablespoons butter, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 3 cups arugula, 12 lime, juiced, Salt], title: Black Bean Burgers, picturelink: null}, 40875: {instructions: Coat 2 rimmed baking sheets with vegetable oil spray set aside.nIn a heavy 5quart saucepan with a tightfitting lid, combine sugar, corn syrup, and 12 cup water. Cover the saucepan, and bring to a boil over high heat, about 5 minutes, Dissolve the sugar by swirling the pot often over the burner. Be sure to brush down the sides of the saucepan with cold water to prevent crystals from forming.nOnce the sugar is dissolved, reduce the heat to medium, and insert a candy thermometer, and continue to cook until the temperature reaches 230 degrees F.nAdd the peanuts, and stir constantly with a metal spoon until the mixture reaches 300 degrees F, about 15 minutes. At this point the mixture should be a rich, golden color.nImmediately remove from heat, and quickly add butter, vanilla, and baking soda. Stir well with a metal spoon until butter is melted mixture will become foamy. Pour half of the mixture down the center of each pan, spread it evenly with a spatula. Allow to cool for at least 1 hour.nTurn brittle out of baking sheets, and snap into shards. Peanut brittle can be stored in an airtight container for several weeks., ingredients: [3 cups sugar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 4 12 cups salted, fresh roasted peanuts about 1 pound, 7 ounces, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons baking soda, Vegetable oil spray], title: Peanut Brittle, picturelink: null}, 40876: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pasta machinenFor the fresh pasta: On a clean work surface, make a mound with the flour, then create a well. Pour the eggs into the well and use a fork to gradually flick the flour into the eggs, whisking in thoroughly as you go. Once all of the flour and eggs have been incorporated into a very shaggy dough, form it into a ball with your hands. Knead the dough, dusting with more flour if the dough is too sticky, or moistening your hands with water if the dough is too dry, until it has the texture of smooth leather, about 5 minutes. Wrap it in plastic wrap and leave at room temperature for 25 minutes to rest.nUse your pasta machine to roll out the dough and cut fresh linguine, following the pasta machines instructions. Dust with flour and cover the freshlycut noodles with a damp towel while you work, and until ready to cook.nBring a large pot of water to a rolling boil, and season with a handful of salt.nFor the sauce: Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter, and once it melts, add the asparagus, peas, string beans, garlic scapes, onions and a pinch of salt. Cook just until the onions soften and the scapes are fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the cream and chicken stock and cook to reduce, about 3 minutes.nAdd the fresh pasta to the pot of boiling water, and cook until the pasta is just al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the pasta and transfer to the pan with the primavera sauce, then transfer everything to a serving bowl. Toss everything to coat, and taste for seasoning. Garnish with fresh Parmesan and basil and serve., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for dusting, 5 large eggs, Salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces asparagus, woody ends trimmed, chopped, 34 cup peas, Handful green string beans, chopped, 2 garlic scapes, chopped, 1 yellow onion, chopped, Salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 cup grated Parmesan, Big handful of fresh basil leaves, torn], title: Pasta Primavera with Fresh Linguine, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 40877: {instructions: Combine tomato sauce, olive oil, garlic and crushed red pepper in a blender and puree. Transfer to a small pot to heat on the stovetop or microwave until warm. Fold in torn basil leaves., ingredients: [1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 clove garlic, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper optional, 3 to 4 basil leaves, roughly torn], title: Quick Blender Marinara Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40878: {instructions: In a food processor: puree peanuts, chiles, garlic, ginger, lime juice, fish sauce, oil, salt and sugar until smooth. Do not overmix as you can heat the mixture. Add the herbs and puree smooth. Check for seasoning. Oil shrimp on both sides and season. Grill on both sides for about 5 minutes total.nPlace a layer of romaine on a plate. Lay 3 grilled shrimp on top and liberally drizzle with pesto., ingredients: [34 cup roasted peanuts, 4 Serrano chiles, 3 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, Juice of 3 limes, 2 tablespoons fish sauce 3 Crab brand, 12 cup peanut oil Lion and Globe brand, 12 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 cups Thai basil leaves, 1 cup cilantro leaves, 1 cup mint leaves, Canola oil, 12 large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tail on, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 head baby romaine chiffonade], title: Asian Pesto with Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 40879: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour gin, orange liqueur, lime juice, and bitters into a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well to blend. Put a sugar cube into a Champagne flute. Strain about 2 ounces of the gin mixture into the glass. Carefully top it off with Champagne., ingredients: [8 ounces gin, 8 ounces orange liqueur, such as Cointreau or triple sec, 1 lime, juiced, 4 dashes orange bitters, 8 sugar cubes, 1 bottle Champagne, chilled], title: French 75 Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: u7PomWQZi8KJpvv93UFQ71WaWCgvBe}, 40880: {instructions: Trim beef from bones and cut into 3 to 4inch pieces. To a pot of boiling water, add the beef and boil until no longer pink. Drain.nHeat oil over medium heat until hot in a Dutch oven or stock pot, add chopped onions and brown evenly. Add the beef, broth, and bay leaves, cover tightly and simmer 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPeel the potatoes, cut into 4inch pieces and fry until golden brown and tender in oil that has been heated to 350 degrees F. Drain on paper towels.nCut puff pastry into pieces that will fit over 6 ovenproof bowls. To the bowls, add beef cubes, sauce, prunes, potatoes, garlic, dill, salt and pepper and cover with dough. Bake for 20 minutes, until pastry is golden brown., ingredients: [1 3 pound beef eye round, 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 to 5 Spanish onions, chopped, 2 cups beef broth, 4 bay leaves, 6 to 8 large potatoes, 20 prunes, 3 large cloves garlic, crushed, Chopped dill, to taste, Salt and pepper, 1 12 pounds puff pastry], title: Stew Odessa, picturelink: null}, 40881: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a 6quart pot and bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook for about 15 minutes. Strain and allow to cool. Store in a large glass container, loosely covered with a piece of cloth, and allow to ferment in a dark place for about 3 days for a mildly fermented drink., ingredients: [2 ounces dried hibiscus flower flor de Jamaica, about 4 cups, 5 cups water, 1 cups sugar, 1inch piece ginger, peeled, 1 cinnamon sticks, 3 cloves], title: Costa Rican Sorrel Wine, picturelink: null}, 40882: {instructions: Add the 4 tablespoons butter to a large heavybottomed saucepot over mediumhigh heat. In batches, fry the ham until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nReduce the heat to mediumlow and add half of the fried ham back to pot reserve the remainder for garnish. Whisk in the flour and cook for 4 to 5 minutes to create a mediumdark roux.nSlowly whisk in the chicken stock, bring to a low simmer and cook until the gravy has thickened, 5 minutes. Season with the paprika and 1 teaspoon salt and pepper.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the pearl onions, and sear briefly. Add 12 teaspoon salt cook on all sides for 2 minutes. Add 12 cup water, reduce the heat to low and simmer until the liquid has mostly evaporated and onions are tender, 4 minutes.nFor each serving, place onequarter of the tater tots on a heatproof serving plate. Scatter 14 cup of the mozzarella pieces over the tater tots. Add 1 cup of the ham gravy, onequarter of the braised onions and 12 cup of the pepper jack cheese. Place under the broiler broil until the cheese is melted, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle with some of the sliced banana peppers and reserved fried ham., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 pound ham, cut into matchsticks, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound tater tots, fried, 8 ounces purple pearl onions, peeled, 1 cup fresh mozzarella, pulled into 12inch pieces, 2 cups shredded pepper jack cheese, 12 cup banana pepper rings], title: Disco Tots, picturelink: L4Vl76i8QdF1h8MM6PVOxe3ZYyCAS7O}, 40883: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the potatoes and parsnips in a pot and cover with water. Salt the water, bring to a boil and cook to tender. Drain and return the vegetables to the hot pot. Mash with the cream cheese, milk, chives, horseradish, some salt and pepper and the egg. Cover and reserve in the pot.nPut a pot on the stove with 14 inch of water and bring to a boil. Remove the stem of the head of cauliflower and set it into the pot. Scatter the trimmed broccolini around and season with salt. Cover and cook to tender. Break the cauliflower into florets and drain. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside.nPlace a cooling rack over a baking sheet, arrange the bread on it and toast in the oven. Coarsely chop the bread, add it to a food processor and process into coarse breadcrumbs. Melt the butter in a saucepot over medium heat. Pour half of the butter over the crumbs to moisten them.nTo the remaining butter, add the garlic and gently cook 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the hot sauce and mustard and stir to combine. Sprinkle in the flour and cook 1 minute. Whisk in the beer, Worcestershire sauce and lemon juice and cook the beer out for 30 seconds. Add the stock, bring to a bubble and thicken a minute more. Stir in the cheese in a figureeight motion and season with salt and pepper.nGrease a casserole dish. Layer the potatoes and parsnips, cauliflower and broccolini, cheese sauce and breadcrumbs in the dish. Cool and store for a makeahead meal, or bake to serve. Bake at 375 degrees F from room temperature until bubbly and golden brown, about 50 minutes.nGarnish with chopped tomatoes and watercress and serve, ingredients: [4 starchy potatoes about 2 pounds, peeled and cubed, 2 large parsnips about 1 pound, peeled and cubed, Salt, 4 ounces softened cream cheese, 12 to 23 cup milk, 14 cup finely chopped chives, 1 tablespoon horseradish, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 head cauliflower, 1 bundle broccolini, sliced into long florets, 4 slices goodquality pumpernickel or white bread, 1 stick butter, plus more to grease casserole dish, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Franks RedHot, 1 12 teaspoons dry mustard, such as Colmans, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 cup porter beer, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 cup beef stock, 2 12 cups shredded extrasharp yellow Cheddar, Chopped tomato, for garnish, Watercress, for garnish], title: Potato, Cauliflower and Broccoli Casserole with Welsh Rarebit Top, picturelink: 21eMetWcAK663x5kwwXYjbj4ISltxei}, 40884: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees. Spread the walnuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until lightly browned and fragrant, about 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Working from the stem end, use a melon baller to remove the core from each apple, scooping out the stem and seeds making a deep hole for filling: work to within about 12inch of the bottom of the apple. Alternatively, remove the core with an apple corer and widen the hole with a small spoon. Peel the skin from the top half of each apple. In a small bowl, blend together the brown sugar, butter, and cinnamon. Mix in the walnuts. Spoon equal amounts of the filling into the centers of the apples. Set the filled apples in a 8inch square baking pan or other baking pan just large enough to hold them snugly. In a small pan over medium heat, warm the honey with apple juice, stirring until the honey dissolves. Pour around the apples. Spoon some of the liquid over the sides of the apples to moisten them, but do not spoon over the tops. Bake, basting the sides once or twice with the pan juices, until the apples are tender when pierced, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven, let cool, and serve in bowls with the pan juices spooned over the tops., ingredients: [14 cup chopped walnuts, 4 goodquality red apples such as Fuji, Braeburn, McIntosh, or Rome Beauty, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup honey, 12 cup apple juice], title: Baked Stuffed Apples, picturelink: null}, 40885: {instructions: Combine the peaches, fennel and onions in a medium bowl. Drizzle with olive oil and the lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper and toss with your hands.nLay the slices of bresola on the edges of your serving platter and add the arugula to the center. Top the arugula with the peachfennel mixture. Drizzle with more olive oil.nServe the salad immediately after plating. It cant sit too long or the lemon juice will cook the bresola., ingredients: [3 ripe yellow peaches, pitted and cut into thin wedges, 12 medium bulb fennel, thinly sliced on a mandoline, 14 small red onion, thinly sliced on a mandoline, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces thinly sliced beef bresola, 4 big handfuls wild arugula], title: Peach and Fennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 40886: {instructions: To bake the cake:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor, pulverize the sugars and cornstarch until very fine. In a large bowl, add half the sugar mixture reserve the other half for later with the salt and cake flour. Sift the sugarsaltflour mixture 3 times, set aside.nIn a stand mixer, whip the egg whites, lemon juice, lemon zest, orange extract and cream of tartar with the whisk attachment, on high speed, until the whites are frothy. Slowly add the reserved sugarcornstarch mixture to the whites and continue to whip until medium peaks.nSift 14 of the sugarflour mixture over the whipped whites. Use a rubber spatula to gently fold them together. Repeat with another 14 of the sugarflour and gently fold them together. Continue in this way until all the sugarflour is incorporated.nSpoon the batter into an ungreased angel food pan.nRun a knife or spatula through the batter to get any large air bubbles out.nBake for about 35 minutes or until a tester comes out clean.nImmediately invert the pan onto a wine bottle to prevent the cake from compressing.nTo make the peaches:nTo blanch and peel the peaches: Bring 8 quarts of water to a boil. Cut an X on the bottom of each peach and place them in the boiling water. Allow them to sit in the boiling water for up to 1 minute.nPlace the peaches in a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Use your fingers or a paring knife to remove the skin.nPit and slice the peaches. Place them in a pot with the honey and vanilla bean. Cook until the fruit is soft and the juices start to thicken to the consistency of maple syrup.nRemove and place in a bowl. They can be served hot, room temperature or cold.nRemove the cake and place it on a serving plate. Use an angel food comb to cut the cake and serve with the peaches., ingredients: [Cake:, 1 14 cups 250 g granulated sugar, 12 cup 50 g confectioners sugar powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 cup cake flour, sifted, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 egg whites, at room temperature, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons lemon andor orange zest, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon orange extract not oil, Peaches:, 10 mediumsized ripe peaches, 14 cup honey, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped], title: Citrus Angel Food with Peaches, picturelink: null}, 40887: {instructions: Special equipment: four 4 14inch aluminum pie pansnFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPulse the cookies in a food processor until finely chopped. With the processor running, add the butter. Press the crumbs into the bottoms of four 4 14inch disposable aluminum pie pans. Bake until set, about 5 minutes. Let cool.nFor the filling: In a microwavesafe bowl, microwave the chocolate until melted. Set aside to cool a bit.nIn a mixer with a whisk attachment, beat together the sugar and butter until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Drizzle in the melted chocolate and add the vanilla. Beat thoroughly until combined.nTurn the mixer to medium speed and add in the eggs 1 at a time, leaving about 5 minutes between each egg addition. Once the pie filling is well mixed, pour it into the baked pie shells, scraping every last speck of it out of the bowl. Smooth out the filling and place the pies in the refrigerator to chill for at least 2 hours, preferably longer. When ready to serve, top with whipped cream., ingredients: [24 chocolate sandwich cookies, 5 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 4 ounces unsweetened baking chocolate, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 sticks 1 cup salted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Double Chocolate Silk Pie, picturelink: sRTMtp1G3UrN.Apu7MB0xMXwonhIjye}, 40888: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nFor the rub: In small bowl, combine the sugar, chili powder, smoked paprika, salt and pepper.nPour the beef broth into a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Using a paring knife, score the surface of the meat all over. Massage the rub into the meat. Cover the dish tightly with foil and roast until very tender, 3 12 to 4 hours, adding water 12 cup at a time if the roasting juices start to dry up.nFor the sauce: In a food processor, combine the garlic, celery, onion, tomato sauce, vinegar, maple syrup, mustard, smoked paprika, chili powder and salt. Blend for 1 to 2 minutes until smooth, scraping the side of the food processor bowl as needed with a spatula. Transfer the sauce to a medium saucepan. Bring the mixture to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until thick, about 30 minutes.nBrush 13 cup of the sauce over the surface of the brisket.nSlice the brisket into 34inch pieces and arrange on a serving platter. Serve the extra sauce alongside., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, One 14.5ounce can beef broth, One 3 to 3 12pound beef brisket, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, 1 stick celery, coarsely chopped, 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped, One 14.5ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Spiced Beef Brisket with Smokey BBQ Sauce Texas, picturelink: mQGw90PCJYCIEVKxkwzPQEu84fh9uG}, 40889: {instructions: In a food processor pulse the figs with the sugar until coarsely chopped. In a small bowl mix the figs with the chicken. In a hot wok heat the canola oil and add the shallot, stirfry briefly. Add the chicken mixture break it up with chopsticks or spoon and cook until chicken turns grey. Add the soy sauce, dry sherry, lemon zest and salt and pepper. Mix well. Add cornstarch slurry and cook until mixture has slightly thickened. Turn mixture out onto a sheetpan and divide the mixture into 24 portions. Allow to cool. Place a wonton wrapper on a flat surface. Spoon 1 portion of the filling into the middle of the wrapper. Moisten the edges of the wrapper. Fold the wrapper into a triangle, press the edges down. Form a ring pulling the 2 corners along the fold together. Moisten 1 corner and press it into the other one forming the wonton. Repeat until all 24 are made. Heat 2 cups of canola oil in a large wok to 375 degrees F. Carefully drop the wontons in batches and fry them, turning, for about 2 minutes or until golden brown. Using a slotted spoon or a spider transfer fried wontons to paper towels and drain them. Serve immediately or cool and cover. When ready to serve reheat wontons in a 450 degree oven for 5 minutes., ingredients: [3 dried figs, 12 teaspoon sugar, 34 pound ground chicken breast, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, 12 lemon, zested, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 teaspoon cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon water, 24 wonton wrappers, Canola oil, for frying], title: Chicken Fig Wonton, picturelink: null}, 40890: {instructions: Heat oil in a large pot. Add garlic and oregano and cook no more than a minute. Add tomato paste and vinegar, and cook another minute. Add beans and stock and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper. Add kale and simmer, partially covered, for 1 hour. Season, to taste, again with salt and pepper before serving.nSlice baguette on a heavy angle to create long slices. Toast in a toaster or in the conventional oven. Rub once or twice with half a garlic clove. Season a shallow plate of extravirgin olive oil with salt and dip each side of bread into the oil. Serve as accompaniment to the soup., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bruschetta, 6 to 8 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, plus 1 or 2 more whole cloves, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 15ounce cans cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 2 quarts chicken stock, water, or a combination, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large bunch kale, large ribs removed, chopped, 1 baguette], title: Cannellini Bean Soup with Kale and GarlicOlive Oil Crostini, picturelink: eRfMVwRre5fPu4qLK6xMFvu4Cnpgu}, 40891: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a saucepan and cover with water. Season with 1 teaspoon of the salt and 14 teaspoon of the black pepper. Boil until fork tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and return the potatoes to the pot. Add the butter, garlic, and cream. Using a fork, coarsely mash the potatoes and mix well. Season with the remaining salt and black pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small red potatoes, quartered, 1 34 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick butter, 1 cup roasted garlic, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Smashing Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 40892: {instructions: In a skillet cook the onions in the olive oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until soft. Add the tomatoes, wine, parsley, garlic and salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a boil and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes. Let cool. Stir in shrimp.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Spoon the tomato and shrimp mixture into a gratin dish, top with the feta and bake for 10 minutes, or until mixture is bubbling and shrimp are cooked through., ingredients: [1 cup sliced onions, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 13 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Salt and pepper, 1 pound large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 8 ounces crumbled Feta cheese], title: Shrimp with Feta Cheese, picturelink: null}, 40893: {instructions: Cut a 14inch cap off each tomato. Reserve the caps. Scoop out the seeds and pulp with a tiny spoon or melonball scoop. Season each hollowed tomato with salt and pepper. Set aside.nMash the avocado with a fork in a bowl, add the lemon juice, olive oil, hot pepper sauce, crabmeat, shallots, garlic, and chopped coriander and mix until smooth. Salt and pepper to taste.nFill each cherry tomato 14inch above the rim with the crab guacamole. Add a coriander leaf for decoration on top and cover each tomato with its cap., ingredients: [24 large red and yellow cherry tomatoes 1inch size, 1 small ripe avocado, split, pitted and peeled, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 drops hot pepper sauce, 4 ounces crabmeat, 1 tablespoon shallots, finely chopped, 1 small clove garlic peeled and finely chopped, 8 sprigs coriander, leaves only, half the leaves chopped, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Cherry Tomatoes Stuffed with Crab Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 40894: {instructions: Scoop out the pulp from the passion fruit and press through a fine sieve. Reserve the juice about 1 teaspoon. Coat the shrimp in olive oil and sear in a skillet on high heat until cooked through. Transfer to a stainless steel mixing bowl, add the passion fruit juice and the remaining ingredients, and toss well to combine.nPrepare the salsa and set aside. Coat the Ahi steaks with peanut oil and season with salt and pepper. Heat a dry castiron skillet and sear the Ahi over high heat for about 15 to 20 seconds each side for rare about 1 minute each side for mediumrare. Place the steaks on serving plates and spoon the salsa over the tuna, letting the juices from the salsa run onto the plates., ingredients: [1 ripe passion fruit, 4 or 5 extra large shrimp about 4 ounces, peeled, deveined, and diced, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 14 cup finely minced Maui onion, 12 cup peeled, seeded, and finely diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons finely sliced scallions, 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 4 Ahi tuna steaks, about 7 ounces each, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, Passion FruitShrimp Salsa recipe above], title: Seared Ahi with Passion FruitShrimp Salsa, picturelink: null}, 40895: {instructions: Combine sour cream, brown sugar and vanilla. Serve alongside the strawberries and grapes for a dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 2 pints strawberries, washed and dried, 1 bunch green grapes, washed and dried], title: Fresh Fruit with Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40896: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the bacon in a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat until extra crispy, about 10 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a papertowellinedplate to drain and reserve the fat in the skillet.nMeanwhile pack a 1 cup dry measure tightly with a 12 cup of the Old Fashioned Turkey Stuffing. Dump the stuffing onto a baking sheet and press down into a 4inchwidecake, using a flat spatula. Repeat until you have 4 patties.nHeat the reserved bacon fat in the skillet over medium heat. Carefully lay 2 patties in the skillet and cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes each side. Transfer the patties to a plate and repeat with the remaining 2 patties.nAdd oil to the skillet if needed. Add the sage and fry, about 30 seconds. Transfer the sage to a papertowellinedplate using a slotted spoon.nDivide the turkey meat onto each patty and pour gravy over top. Crumble 1 crispy bacon slice over the turkey. Dollop with the Simple Cranberry Sauce and garnish with the sage.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 14by9inch baking dishes. Arrange the bread cubes in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake until lightly browned, about 8 minutes.nHeat some oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter, celery and onions and cook until the vegetables are lightly browned and translucent. Set aside to cool.nAdd the bread cubes, celery mixture, broth, seasoning and eggs in a large bowl. Mix well until moist and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Divide between the 2 prepared baking dishes. Bake until the top of the stuffing is slightly crispy, about 40 minutes.nAdd the cranberry sauce, orange juice, ginger, cinnamon and salt into a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Cook, uncovered, stirring often to incorporate flavors, about 15 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and cool., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 2 cups Old Fashioned Turkey Stuffing, recipe follows, Canola oil, if needed, 12 fresh sage leaves, 8 ounces leftover turkey meat, 1 cup leftover turkey gravy, heated through, 12 cup Simple Cranberry Sauce, recipe follows, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing, 3 large loaves white bread, cut into 14inch cubes, Oil, for cooking, 4 celery stalks, finely chopped, 2 medium yellow onions, finely chopped, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, or turkey stock made from giblets, 2 tablespoons poultry seasoning, 2 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 14ounce cans cranberry sauce, 1 cup orange juice, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch kosher salt], title: Open Faced Turkey Stuffing Patty with Gravy and Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: SNoULUYtr0IE1gN2jxql40afzqGidM.}, 40897: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace potatoes on a baking sheet and bake in the oven until soft, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the oven and let rest 5 minutes. Slice potatoes in half lengthwise and carefully scoop out the flesh, being careful not to damage the skin. Rice the flesh in a ricer set over a bowl.nBring the heavy cream and chipotle puree to a simmer over low heat in a small saucepan. Stir the warm cream, butter, creme fraiche and 12 cup of the maple syrup into the sweet potato mixture until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spray the baking dish with cooking spray. Fill each of the skins with the cream mixture, place back on the baking sheet and bake until golden brown. Remove the potatoes to a platter and drizzle the tops of each with the remaining maple syrup., ingredients: [4 large sweet potatoes, scrubbed, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon chipotle peppers in adobo, pureed, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup creme fraiche, 12 cup maple syrup, plus 2 tablespoons, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Nonstick cooking spray], title: TwiceBaked Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: PeDvgp4P.kClOtQYcv93l6UwZJMlQ06}, 40898: {instructions: Cook lobster in boiling water for 3 12 minutes. Remove from water and set aside to cool.nTo make vinaigrette, in a deep bowl mix together sherry vinegar, olive oil, truffle oil, and salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat 14inch of oil in a deep saute pan to 350 degrees F.nTo prepare the leeks, boil in water for 1 minute. Dry the leeks completely then fry them in the oil until crispy. Remove from pan immediately, drain on a paper towel lined plate and set aside.nTo prepare the potato, peel in a cylindrical shape. Bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add a pinch of saffron. Add the potato and cook until fork tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and set aside.nSlice the potato into 5 12inch thick medallions. Place in a bowl with shallots, 12 of the chives and 2 to 3 tablespoons of the vinaigrette. Add the truffle. Toss potatoes with the vinaigrette a few times to marinate. Place potatoes in the center of a plate.nShell the lobster and cut the meat into 12inch medallions. Place the lobster in a bowl and toss with 3 to 4 tablespoons of vinaigrette. Heat lobster by placing the bowl in hot water for approximately 1 minute. Place lobster on top of potatoes. Place leeks on top of lobster. Finish the plate with a pinch of lobster roe and the rest of the chopped chives., ingredients: [1 1 pound lobster, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon truffle oil, Salt and pepper, 2 leeks, cleaned and julienned, 1 medium yellow gold potato, Pinch saffron, 1 shallot, brunoise, 5 chives, chopped, 1 black truffles, thinly sliced, 1 pinch lobster roe], title: Lobster Salad with Saffron Potatoes and Crispy Leeks, picturelink: null}, 40899: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil with the butter over mediumlow heat in a skillet with high sides. Add garlic and shallots and season with salt and pepper then cook gently until caramelized about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.nMeanwhile heat a large pot of water to boil for pasta, salt the water very liberally then add spaghetti and bring to a rolling boil. Cook to al dente. Add 2 ladles of starchy cooking water, about 1 cup, to the shallots and stir. Drain pasta and add to shallots. Add the parsley and cheese and more black pepper, to taste. Toss 1 to 2 minutes for liquid to absorb and serve. WOW Talk about yumo, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 10 shallots, halved then thinly sliced, Salt and black pepper, 1 pound wholewheat spaghetti, A generous handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Thats Shallota Flavor Spaghetti, picturelink: dz74muVdsDuMiiao54O0yY4ALIu6EC}, 40900: {instructions: For the parmesan polenta: Bring 6 cups water to a boil in a heavy saucepan. When the water is boiling, add the salt and pepper and then gradually whisk in the cornmeal. Reduce the heat to low and cook until it thickens and the water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the Parmesan and butter.nPour the mixture onto a baking sheet and spread out into a uniform layer. Refrigerate until the polenta sets and is firm to the touch.nFor the gorgonzola cheese sauce: Put the cream, gorgonzola, salt and pepper in a pan over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the ingredients have melted together, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a medium pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F.nCut the firm polenta into squares 2 inch by 2 inch and deepfry in the oil until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes.nFor the pear and toppings: Heat a grill pan or preheat a grill on mediumhigh heat. Grill the pear halves to give grill marks and slightly soften, about 3 minutes.nPut a square of polenta on a plate and stand up the pear halves next to it. Top with the gorgonzola sauce and finish by sprinkling the fresh basil, pine nuts and sundried tomatoes over the top., ingredients: [2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup gorgonzola, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 ripe Bartlett pear, cut in half and core removed, 1 teaspoon chiffonade fresh basil, 1 teaspoon toasted pine nuts, 1 teaspoon roughly chopped sundried tomatoes], title: Pear and Polenta, picturelink: null}, 40901: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over moderatelyhigh heat until hot but not smoking. Add the ground turkey and, using a wooden spoon, break up the clumps and cook until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the stock and scrape up any bits on the bottom of the pan. Bring up to a boil, and then let simmer until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Stir in the spinach and cannellini beans and heat through. Season with salt and pepper. Serve over brown rice or your favorite pasta.nBYOC: Try adding some red pepper flakes to the turkey for a little spice and finely grate some Parmesan cheese to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons garlicinfused olive oil, 1 pound ground turkey, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 5ounce bag triple washed spinach, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained, Brown rice or pasta, for serving], title: Turkey Robinson, picturelink: 1GSL4O8IoGjneztvmZgVwBtgLuISaXq}, 40902: {instructions: Put the cream cheese and heavy cream in a small mixing bowl and blend with a rubber spatula until smooth. Fold in the dill, lemon zest, salt and pepper until evenly combined.nUsing a butter knife or offset spatula, spread the dill cream cheese on 1 side of each pumpernickel slice. Put a slice of smoked salmon on 12 of the pumpernickel slices. Top each sandwich with remaining bread. Arrange on a serving platter and serve immediately.nCopyright 2009, Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, softened to room temperature, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 24 slices mini pumpernickel bread, 6 slices  about 4 ounces smoked salmon, halved], title: Smoked Salmon Tea Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 40903: {instructions: Place brats in a Dutch oven with onions and butter, cover the brats with beer. Bring to a boil and reduce to simmer until brats are cooked. Remove brats and set aside beer mixture. Grill brats until golden brown and return to beer mixture until ready to serve. Serve brats on fresh baked brat buns with sauerkraut, onions, green peppers, ketchup, andor mustard., ingredients: [1 dozen brats, Beer, to cover, 1 medium large sweet onion, 2 ounces 12 stick butter, Serving suggestions: fresh baked brat buns with sauerkraut, onions, green peppers, ketchup, andor mustard], title: Beer Brats, picturelink: T28GFJa7Cox8KXuAPUVjeZQORkDmK4u}, 40904: {instructions: Lightly spray a 9 by 9 by 2inch baking pan with vegetable spray set aside. Melt butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add salt and marshmallows. Stir with a wooden spoon until melted. Remove from heat. Add the cereals and stir to combine.nTransfer mixture to prepared pan. Coat hands with vegetable spray, pressing mixture evenly into pan. Let cool, about 30 minutes.nCut into 3 by3inch bars. Store in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [Vegetable spray, 9 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cups 2 12 bags miniature marshmallows, 6 cups rice cereal recommended: Rice Krispies, 6 cups corn sugar cereal recommended: Capn Crunch, 6 cups oat fruit cereal recommended: Fruit Loops], title: Confetti Squares, picturelink: null}, 40905: {instructions: Fill a large bowl halfway with water. Squeeze the lemon halves into the water and add the lemons. Trim the stem of 1 artichoke. Starting at the base, bend the tough outer leaves back and pull off where they break naturally. Using a vegetable peeler, peel the dark green skin from the base. Halve the artichoke lengthwise and scoop out any choke. Add to the lemon water. Repeat with the remaining artichokes.nHeat the oil in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat until a thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Drain the artichokes and pat dry. Working in 2 batches, add the artichokes to the hot oil and cook until they are tender and golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon or tongs, transfer the fried artichokes to a paper towellined plate to drain. Sprinkle with salt while artichokes are still warm and serve., ingredients: [2 lemons, halved, 12 baby artichokes, 3 cups olive oil, Sea salt], title: Deep Fried Baby Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 40906: {instructions: Rub Seasoning over beef. Place beef, fat side up, in 13x9inch foil pan. Cover with foil. Refrigerate overnight.nPrepare grill for indirect mediumlow heat 275 degrees F to 300 degrees F. Preheat grill by turning all burners to high. Turn burner on 1 side to mediumhigh. Turn off burners on other side. Place covered beef in pan on unlit side of grill. Close grill.nGrill 2 12 to 3 hours or until internal temperature of thickest part of beef is 180 degrees F to 185 degrees F. Carefully remove pan from grill.nReturn beef to grill, placing it directly on unlit side. Cook 30 minutes longer or until beef forms a crust and internal temperature is 190 degrees F to 200 degrees F.nRemove beef from grill. Let stand 10 minutes. Slice brisket. Serve brisket slices on slider rolls. Top with barbecue sauce and coleslaw., ingredients: [1 package McCormicku00ae Grill Matesu00ae Slow  Low Smokin Texas BBQ Rub, 4 pounds beef brisket, 24 slider OR small dinner rolls, Barbecue sauce, Coleslaw], title: Slow and Low Smokin Texas BBQ Brisket Sliders, picturelink: AVuEVLj9f4FcfAmWqLCvViYqHPNZrgy}, 40907: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace halved limes, sugar, vanilla bean scrapings, and water in a roasting pan and stir.nPlace in the oven and roast, stirring occasionally until the edges of the limes start to caramelize about 30 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and allow to cool to room temperature.nPlace a strainer over a bowl of a food processor and squeeze the juice from the limes then strain the roasting pan juices into the food processor bowl.nRoughly chop 1 lime half, add it to the food processor, and puree until smooth. Strain the puree into a bowl and stir in the 2 cups water, 2 cups fresh lime juice, and sugar, to taste. Chill and freeze in an ice cream maker according to manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [3 limes, softened by rolling or microwaving 30 seconds, halved, 13 cups sugar, 12 vanilla bean, scraped, Water, to cover the limes, plus 2 cups, 2 cups freshly squeezed lime juice, Sugar], title: Roasted Lime Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 40908: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the white wine, grape juice, rum, grapes, apple, lemon and pear to a large pitcher and stir to combine. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to overnight, so the flavors have time to develop.nStir in the sparkling wine before serving., ingredients: [One 750milliliter bottle crisp white wine, 1 cup green grape juice, 12 cup white rum, 12 cup green seedless grapes, halved, 1 Granny Smith apple, sliced, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 pear, sliced, One 750milliliter bottle dry sparkling wine], title: White Wine Sangria, picturelink: HBnVzxouaZ6Dt.j2cpcmXLkTkWP0qw6}, 40909: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nArrange asparagus and potatoes on baking sheet and spray with cooking spray. Season with salt and black pepper. Roast 20 to 25 minutes, until tender and golden brown.nMeanwhile, season lamb chops all over with salt and black pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chops and sear 2 to 3 minutes per side, until golden brown. Remove lamb from pan and set aside. Add leeks to the same pan and saute 3 minutes, until soft. Return lamb to pan.nIn a small bowl, whisk together plum sauce, plum preserves and rosemary. Pour mixture over lamb chops. Simmer 5 minutes, until lamb is tender and mediumrare to medium.nIn a small bowl, whisk together lemon juice, lemon zest, oil and mustard. Season to taste with salt and black pepper. Arrange asparagus on a serving dish. Drizzle lemon vinaigrette over top. Top with diced egg. Serve lamb chops with asparagus and potatoes on the side and extra sauce with leeks spooned over top., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 bunch asparagus, 4 small red potatoes, quartered, Salt and ground black pepper, 4 4ounce boneless lamb loin chops, trimmed of fat, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 leeks, rinsed and chopped, 1 cup prepared plum sauce, 2 tablespoons prepared plum preserves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 hardboiled egg, shelled and diced], title: Lamb Chops with Rosemary Plum Sauce and Roasted Asparagus with Lemon Vinaigrette and Diced Egg, picturelink: 0l4B8RwU3vGqiphyA7QEBjRUdwENHnW}, 40910: {instructions: Place rice noodles in enough lukewarm water to cover. Let soak until soft, about 20 minutes. Drain, and set aside.nMeanwhile, in a medium saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil over medium heat. Add curry and turmeric, and cook until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Slowly add chicken stock stir to combine. Remove from heat, and set aside.nIn a wok or large saute pan, heat 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Add onions, garlic, and shallots, and saute until just wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Add broccoli and cauliflower, season with salt and pepper, and cook for about 1 minute. Add 2 tablespoons water stir to combine. Add carrots, Napa cabbage, and chiles, and cook until the vegetables are al dente, about 2 minutes.nMake a well in the bottom of the wok. Pour 1 tablespoon vegetable oil into center of the well. Add egg. Allow to set slightly, then scramble, and incorporate into the other ingredients.nAdd soaked noodles and curryturmeric mixture to wok. Mix thoroughly to combine. Cook to heat through. Stir in sliced scallions. Season with salt and pepper.nTransfer to serving platter. Garnish with cilantro sprigs. Serve with a spoonful of chile sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces vermicelli rice noodles, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon turmeric powder, 12 cup Homemade Chicken Stock, or canned lowsodium or water, 1 mediumsize onion, sliced into thin halfmoons, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 3 shallots, sliced, 12 cup broccoli florets, 12 cup cauliflower florets, 2 tablespoons water, 2 small carrots, peeled and shredded, 1 cup Napa cabbage, thinly sliced, 2 long hot red chiles, stemmed, seeded, and thinly sliced into rounds, 1 large egg, 3 scallions, whites and lightgreen parts only, sliced into 1inch pieces, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, Fresh cilantro sprigs, for garnish, 1 jar red chile sauce, such as sambal oelek], title: Singapore Fried Noodles, picturelink: null}, 40911: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Cook the onions, carrots, and celery with salt and pepper, to taste, until the carrots soften, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and thyme and cook for an additional minute, stirring frequently. Add the flour and cook off the raw flavor, about 1 minute more. Turn up the heat to mediumhigh and deglaze the pan with the wine. Whisk in the stock and Dijon mustard. Add the peas and chicken and cook on a very low simmer until the sauce thickens up into a gravy, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nOn a lightly floured surface, unfold the pastry dough and cut into 4 even squares cut once horizontally and once vertically. Gently roll out each square, increasing the size of the square by about 20 percent. Place the squares on a baking sheet and spoon the chicken mixture in the center. Fold the squares diagonally to create triangles. Pinch the edges together to create turnovers use a little water if needed to bind. Press the edges with a fork to create a decorative border. Whisk the egg with a splash of water and brush the turnovers with the egg wash. Cut a small slit in the top to allow the steam to escape during baking. Bake the turnovers until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let cool at least 10 minutes before serving as the insides will be very hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 onion, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 tablespoon flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup frozen peas, 1 12 cups cubed or shredded cooked chicken, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 egg], title: Chicken Pot Pie Turnovers, picturelink: GETaQ01hrikvCdyYOwIrMpjPwPudO}, 40912: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine all of the filling ingredients in a large bowl and gently mix.nPour the filling ingredients into a 9 by13inch baking pan and set aside while making the topping.nIn a bowl combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and nutmeg. Cut in the butter until the mixture resembles large peas. Stir in the egg. Distribute the topping evenly over the peaches in the baking pan. Bake for 40 minutes., ingredients: [8 cups fresh sliced peaches free stone peaches, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons flour, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, Dash of fresh grated nutmeg, 34 cup chilled unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 large egg], title: Peach Crisp, picturelink: null}, 40913: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the creme fraiche and tea and bring to a boil over medium heat. As soon as it boils, turn off the heat.nMeanwhile, put the chopped bittersweet chocolate in a medium bowl. Strain the hot creme fraiche mixture into the bowl. Whisk until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. Cover and let rest in a cool place overnight. The mixture will become firm but not hard.nThe next day, using a pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip, pipe bitesize kisses like Hersheys Kisses of the mixture onto parchment paperlined baking sheets. Refrigerate briefly just until set, about 30 minutes. Use your palm to gently press down the point that sticks up on each truffle. Transfer to the freezer and freeze until hard, 2 to 3 hours or overnight.nIn the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water, melt the semisweet chocolate. It should be liquid, but not so hot that you cant touch it if it is too hot for you, wear disposable surgical gloves. Spread the cocoa powder out on a sheet pan with sides.nWorking in 2 batches if necessary to avoid crowding the pan of cocoa, dip the frozen truffle centers 1 at a time into the melted chocolate, shake off any excess, and set them down in the cocoa. When all the truffle centers are dipped and the chocolate has started to set, gently but thoroughly shake the sheet pan to roll the truffles around in the cocoa until coated. Carefully remove to another sheet pan and refrigerate, uncovered, 30 minutes. You can sift the unused cocoa and use it for another purpose.nTransfer to an airtight container and keep chilled until almost ready to serve. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups creme fraiche or sour cream, 2 tablespoons Earl Grey tea leaves, 12 ounces bestquality bittersweet chocolate, chopped with a heavy knife, 1 12 pounds semisweet chocolate, 1 12 cups unsweetened Dutchprocessed cocoa powder], title: Earl GreySpiked Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: null}, 40914: {instructions: Scoop the flesh of 2 of the avocados into a bowl and mash with a fork. Stir in the lime juice and season with salt and pepper.nDice the remaining avocado. Stir it into the mashed avocado along with the strawberries, cilantro, onions, cumin, mangos and jalapenos. Season again with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 ripe Hass avocados, 2 limes, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup fresh strawberries, diced small, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, minced, 2 tablespoons minced red onions, 14 teaspoon cumin, 1 ripe mango, peeled and diced, 1 jalapeno, diced ribs and seeds removed to your liking], title: Strawberry and Mango Guacamole, picturelink: NWD08FUszDr4JfGmp7igkzHmW.o3yCu}, 40915: {instructions: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut the bottoms off the Brussels sprouts and trim off any damaged outer leaves. Soak them in a bowl of cold water for a few minutes and drain them well. Cut them in half and put them into a roasting pan. Add the thyme, oregano, pine nuts, garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Add the olive oil and vinegar and toss everything well to coat. Put the roasting pan into the oven and cook for 20 minutes. Give everything a good stir and cook for 25 minutes more, or until the Brussels sprouts are nicely browned and caramelized. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds Brussels sprouts, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon dried, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves or 1 teaspoon dried, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup balsamic vinegar], title: Roasted Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 40916: {instructions: Set zucchini in a colander, sprinkle with salt and drain for 1 hour. Squeeze out excess moisture from zucchini then cook it for a few minutes in olive oil. Season to taste from salt and pepper and set aside to cool slightly.nIn a mixing bowl combine the eggs with the milk, feta cheese, parsley, dill, and bread crumbs. Add the cooked zucchini and adjust the seasoning, using lots of pepper.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9 by 13inch deep baking pan. Layer a sheet of phyllo so that it overlaps baking pan and extends beyond the rim. Brush the sheet very lightly with melted butter and cover with another phyllo sheet. Continue this way until half of the phyllo has been used. Add the zucchini and spread it out evenly. Fold overhanging phyllo up over the squash filling and brush with melted butter. Lay remaining phyllo leaves on top, again brushing melted butter between the layers. Brush top well with butter, score top layers with a sharp knife and bake for an hour. Cool and serve with a green salad or a vegetable salad of green beans, tomatoes and olives., ingredients: [3 pounds small zucchini, trimmed, washed and grated coarsely, Salt, 14 cup olive oil, 5 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup milk, 34 pound feta cheese, crumbled into peasized pieces, 14 cup each chopped Italian parsley and fresh dill, 14 cup toasted bread crumbs, Freshly ground black pepper, Melted butter 14 pound for brushing leaves of phyllo, 34 pound phyllo leaves], title: Feta Phyllo and Zucchini Pie, picturelink: null}, 40917: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a gas grill to mediumhigh heat on one side and medium heat on the other.nGenerously season the steak with salt and pepper. Use a clean tea towel to brush the grill grates with oil.nGrill the steak on each side for 5 to 6 minutes for medium. Remove from the grill and allow to rest for 5 minutes. While the steak rests, prepare the salad.nIn a separate bowl, add the vinegar and drizzle in the olive oil while whisking and season with salt and pepper. Add the arugula and tomatoes and toss to coat. Divide and arrange the salad between two plates. Slice the steak and divide between the two plates., ingredients: [1 20ounce rib eye steak, 1 12inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for grill grates, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 large handfuls arugula, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Grilled Rib Eye with Tomato and Arugula Salad, picturelink: I59Reg9pwgi9KnW0iT7TFmolpACjk7G}, 40918: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine all ingredients and stir to mix. Bring to a simmer and cook for 20 to 30 minutes or until berries are tender and syrup has formed., ingredients: [2 cups fresh cranberries, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup water, 13 cup honey, Zest of one orange], title: Cranberry Relish, picturelink: null}, 40919: {instructions: Wrap beef in plastic wrap and freeze until firm but not rock hard. Once firm, slice beef thinly across the grain. Place in baking dish. In a small skillet toast sesame seeds. To create marinade, in small bowl combine scallions, garlic, vinegar, water, soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil and pepper. Stir well. Pour marinade over beef. Let sit for 30 minutesnIn separate skillet heat oil. Add ginger and garlic and cook until aroma is released. Add carrots and 14 cup water. Simmer until carrots are tender, about 2 minutes. Add snow peas and simmer until tender, about 2 minutes.nRemove beef from baking dish and grill until brown around edges, about 30 seconds per side. Add vegetables to beef. Stir and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Serve with boiled white rice., ingredients: [1 pound beef tenderloin, boneless, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 3 scallions, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons water, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 3 carrots, peeled and sliced on diagonal, 14 cup water, 14 pounds snow peas], title: Korean Grilled Beef Bulgogi, picturelink: null}, 40920: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh. Heat oil in a medium saucepan on the grates of the grill or on a burner. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the serrano chile and cook for 1 minute. Add the vinegar and sugar and cook until the sugar has melted. Stir in the chopped apples and cook until the apples are soft and the mixture is slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Place the apple mixture in a food processor and add the sage. Pulse until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let cool to room temperature.nHave a large drip pan filled with a little water positioned under where the turkey will be placed on the grill. Brush the entire turkey with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the turkey on all sides until golden brown. Reduce the heat of the grill to medium to maintain a constant temperature of 350 degrees F. Cook turkey until a thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 170 to 175 degrees F. Begin brushing the entire turkey with the apple glaze during the last 15 minutes of cooking. Remove from the grill and brush with more of the glaze. Let rest for 15 minutes before slicing. Grill the sliced apples for 2 to 3 minutes on each side and serve with the turkey., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, plus more for brushing on the turkey, 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped, 1 serrano chile, coarsely chopped, 34 cups apple cider vinegar, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and coarsely chopped, plus 2 peeled, cored, and sliced into 12inch thick slices, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 whole 20 pound turkey], title: AppleSage Glazed Grilled Whole Turkey with Grilled Apples, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 40921: {instructions: Finely grate the ginger into a finemesh sieve set over a bowl. Press with the back of a spoon to squeeze out the juice youll need 1 tablespoon juice set aside. Whisk the flour, cornstarch and salt in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and 12 cup confectioners sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in the lemon zest, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, the vanilla and ginger juice. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture and beat until just incorporated.nDivide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap form into two 1by9inch logs. Wrap and freeze until firm, about 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Unwrap the logs and slice into 14inchthick rounds arrange 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the edges are golden, about 13 minutes. Let cool5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMake the icing: Put the remaining 13 cup confectioners sugar in a bowl stir in 2 to 3 teaspoons lemon juice, a little at a time, until the icing is spreadable. Spread on the cookies and top with crystallized ginger let set 30 minutes.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 3inch piece ginger, peeled, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup plus 13 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Chopped crystallized ginger, for topping], title: LemonGinger Wafers, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 40922: {instructions: Heat the milk or a mixture of cream and milk for a richer result until it simmers and whisk it into the chocolate. Pour into individual cups and serve with rum or whipped cream, if using. Top with chocolate shavings.nIn a medium saucepan over low heat, bring the cream, sugar, cinnamon and butter to a rolling boil. Remove from the heat, add the chocolate and stir until the chocolate melts. Add the rum and stir in the orange zest before serving., ingredients: [6 cups whole milk, Enriched Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows, Rum to taste, optional, Whipped cream, optional, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate shavings or small pieces, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 teaspoons dark rum, 18 teaspoon grated orange zest], title: Hot Chocolate, picturelink: espRVtjFmPkSGZn3HK2Pd41E3i8pW}, 40923: {instructions: Break or chop mushrooms into 14inch pieces and cover with 14 cup warm water. Let sit for 30 minutes to rehydrate. Strain mushrooms, reserving soaking liquid in a small bowl. Rinse mushrooms and set aside. Strain soaking liquid through a paper towel into a small pot and reduce by half over medium heat.nCombine hazelnut oil, walnut oil and olive oil in a small bowl. Combine vinegar, shallot, chives and salt and pepper in a separate medium mixing bowl and whisk in warm soaking liquid. Continue whisking and add oil in a slow thin stream to emulsify.nLay out slices of tomato. Top with salad greens and mushrooms. Drizzle with warm dressing and top with 2 small romaine leaves., ingredients: [1ounce dried shiitake mushrooms, 1 tablespoon hazelnut oil, 1 tablespoon walnut oil, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 shallot clove, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large beefsteak tomatoes, cut into 12inch thick slices, 2 cups mixed fresh greens such as frisee and red leaf lettuce, soaked in salt water to remove grit, dried in a salad spinner and torn into small pieces, 2 romaine hearts, leaves separated], title: Wild Field Greens and Vine Ripened Tomatoes with Warm Hazelnut Forest Dressing, picturelink: null}, 40924: {instructions: Place the ice cubes in a highball glass. Add the Campari, orange juice, and sparkling water. Add a slice of fresh orange and serve ice cold., ingredients: [6 ice cubes, 14 cup Campari, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 12 cups sparkling water recommended: San Pelligrino, Orange slice, halved], title: Campari Orange Spritzer, picturelink: czs4OVDPjD3BKyaaQsGeqixy2Gk7RZe}, 40925: {instructions: In a large pot, cover peaches with water about 2 cups. Add mint, salt and white pepper, and bring to a simmer. Cook until peaches are very tender and flavors infuse, Remove from heat and cool to room temperature.nRemove mint sprigs, and with an immersion blender if the pot is big and deep enough, or in batches in a blender, to avoid a major blender explosion, puree the peaches. Add mango juice and cream and blend. Adjust salt and pepper if needed, and chill.nLadle into serving bowls and serve garnished with mint sprigs., ingredients: [6 large ripe peaches, peeled and pit removed and sliced into a pot or 2 29 to 32ounce cans canned peaches, drained, 4 large sprigs fresh mint, left intact, washed and dried, plus 12 small sprigs, for garnish, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon white pepper, 1 liter mango juice, 1 pint heavy cream], title: World Peach Soup, picturelink: ..i8z9fQ9T.jv1tBINRXrBSAJ9VxTm2}, 40926: {instructions: Cut into and all around the pit of each avocado, down to the pits. Twist the avocados and separate them. Whack the corner of your knife into each pit and remove it. Using a large spoon, scoop out each avocado half and arrange them on a plate. Dress the avocados with lemon juice, a few drops of hot sauce and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. Combine the tomatoes and scallions and season with salt. Fill the avocados with plum tomatoes and serve., ingredients: [3 ripe Hass avocados, 1 lemon, Hot sauce, several drops recommended: Tabasco, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 2 small plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 2 scallions, chopped, Coarse salt], title: Avocado Boats, picturelink: KGX9bDhPq7LmNT4kQW4q6nqgJvtDSNi}, 40927: {instructions: Arrange all ingredients decoratively on platter.nArrange the bresaola on serving platter or on individual dishes. Drizzle with the olive oil, and sprinkle with lemon juice and several grindings of black pepper. Top with Parmesan., ingredients: [16 slices prosciutto di Parma or prosciutto San Daniele, 16 slices Bresaola con Olio, Limone e Parmigino, recipe follows, 16 slices imported mortadella, 16 slices imported sopressata, 14 pound fontina, thinly sliced and cut into decorative Christmas tree shapes, 13 pound mozzarella, sliced 14inch thick and cut into decorative star shapes, 1 cantaloupe, for garnish, 1 honeydew, for garnish, 5 ounces imported bresaola, sliced paper thin, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large lemon, juiced, Freshly ground black pepper, 1ounce Parmesan, thinly shaved], title: Antipasti de Salumi, picturelink: KHC05oOwe7y7ezzwkDqY1Aizgr07HB2}, 40928: {instructions: For the chicken: In a Dutch oven or large saucepan, heat the oil over high heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, to taste, and dust with flour. Cook the chicken, turning occasionally, until brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Remove the chicken and set aside.nFor the sauce: Heat the same pan used for the chicken over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring frequently, until softened, about 5 minutes. Increase the heat to high. Add the wine and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Return the chicken pieces to the pan. Add 3 cups of chicken broth and 12 cup of tarragon and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover the pan and cook, turning the chicken pieces over every 10 minutes, until cooked through, about 30 minutes total for the breasts and wings and 40 minutes total for the legs and thighs. Transfer the chicken to a platter and loosely tent with foil while finishing the sauce.nTo finish the sauce: In a small bowl, mix together the remaining 13 cup chicken broth and flour. Whisk the flour mixture into the sauce until smooth. Bring the sauce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, until thickened, about 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the butter and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve the sauce over the chicken and garnish with the remaining 2 tablespoons of tarragon., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 1 4 12pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour for dusting, 1 12 cups about 10 ounces cipollini or pearl onions, trimmed and peeled, 4 cloves garlic, halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup white wine, such as Riesling, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, plus 13 cup, 12 cup chopped fresh tarragon leaves, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Chicken with Tarragon and White Wine, picturelink: null}, 40929: {instructions: Prick sausages all over with fork to keep them from bursting.nMelt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add sausages and cook until browned on all sides. Transfer to plate and set aside.nAdd onions or leeks, shallots and garlic to skillet and cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes.nScrape onion mixture into slow cooker. Add potatoes, 12 cup of chicken broth, green peppers, tomatoes, lentils, vinegar and brown sugar. Add 1 teaspoon of rosemary and reserved sausages.nCover slow cooker and cook on low setting for 8 to 10 hours or until stew is thick, adding more of remaining broth if needed toward end.nSeason with salt and pepper. If stew is too acidic, add small pinch of additional brown sugar. Serve topped with cheese and sprinkled with remaining rosemary., ingredients: [8 uncooked medium sausages, 1 tablespoon Cabot Salted Butter, 1 medium onion or leek, chopped, 4 shallots, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 garlic cloves, crushed and peeled, 2 medium boiling potatoes, peeled and diced, 121 cup chicken broth, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 14ounce can chopped tomatoes with juice, 34 cup dried lentils, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, divided, Salt and ground black pepper to taste, 4 ounces Cabot Seriously Sharp Cheddar, grated about 1 cup], title: Slow Cooker Hearty CheddarTopped Sausage Stew, picturelink: null}, 40930: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a huge stockpot, preferably fitted with a basket insert, with about 4 quarts of water. Keep in mind that when you add the solid ingredients the water level will rise, so dont fill the pot up more than halfway. Squeeze the lemons into the water, tossing in the halves too. Add the bay leaves, salt, seasoning, thyme, onions, chiles and garlic bring the broth to a boil over mediumhigh heat and simmer for 10 minutes. You want a very aromatic broth with plenty of salt and spices. Taste it dont be afraid to make it strong so some of the flavor can penetrate and get absorbed by the potatoes and other ingredients. Adjust seasoning with salt.nAdd the potatoes to the pot to give them a head start simmer for 20 minutes. Now add the corn and sausage cook another 5 minutes, making sure everything stays covered with the liquid. Add the clams and boil for 8 to 10 minutes until they open. Then toss in the shrimp and shut off the heat. Cover the pot and let the shrimp steep in the flavor for 15 minutes. Drain and spread the shrimp, sausage, clams, corn, potatoes, and onions out on a newspapercovered table. Serve with lemons and plenty of napkins. Reserve the broth to make Shrimp Cocktail Shots., ingredients: [Water, 2 lemons, halved, plus more for serving, 3 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 12 bunch thyme, tied together, 1 medium onion, quartered, 2 serrano chiles, split in 12 lengthwise, 1 head garlic, halved, 1 pound 5 ounces red new potatoes, medium to large, cut in 12, 3 ears sweet corn, halved, 3 pieces smoked sausage, such as andouille or kielbasa, cut into 1inch pieces about 1 pound 5 ounces, 12 littleneck clams, scrubbed about 1 pound 4 ounces, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp with heads and tails, Kosher salt], title: Shrimp Boil with Clams and Lemon, picturelink: fl5wrj4hb9c8QbYq9oWCYbn3qpquAqK}, 40931: {instructions: Place lettuce in a big bowl. Combine garlic, oregano, sugar and vinegar in a small bowl. Add oil to dressing in a slow stream and mix with a whisk or fork. Stir in blue cheese. Pour dressing over salad and toss. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 teaspoon dried oregano leaves, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound blue cheese crumbles, in specialty cheese section of your market, Salt and pepper], title: Romaine Salad with Blue Cheese Vinaigrette, picturelink: wV63aNFR.TNKmhShjQsGYsKnJSjak2}, 40932: {instructions: To make the Sauce: Take the tomatoes out of the can, cut in half, and remove the seeds. Chop the tomatoes into small pieces and reserve the juice. In a saucepan, add olive oil and garlic and saute for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, salt, pepper and chili and bring to a simmer for 5 minutes. If necessary, add the reserved juice. Add the basil. Finish with cream.nTo make the gnocchi: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nBake the potatoes for approximately 1 to 1 12 hours, until tender. Scoop each potato out of its skin into mixing bowl. Mash the potatoes to a fine consistency.nIn a separate bowl, combine egg yolks, melted butter, salt, pepper and nutmeg. Add the egg mixture to the potatoes and mix together. Add flour to mixture, 1 cup at a time, and mix until smooth.nScoop out and make finger sized rolls on floured board. Cut with knife into bite sized pieces. Roll each piece over the back of a fork to make a round form. In a pan, freeze until hard enough to handle, and put into portion sized bags.nFill a large pot with water and add a pinch of salt and boil. Drop gnocchi into boiling water 3 or 4 at a time so the water doesnt stop boiling. The gnocchi is ready when it floats to the top. Drain gnocchi and scoop out into bowl and add sauce. Add fresh Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [1 28ounce can whole Italian tomatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Salt, Pepper, Crushed chile flakes, 6 to 8 large fresh basil leaves, chopped, 12 cup cream, 6 large baking potatoes, like russets, 2 egg yolks, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, melted, Pinch salt, Pinch white pepper, Fresh grated nutmeg, 2 cups flour, Grated Parmesan, to serve], title: Gnocchi Pomodoro, picturelink: EZ6SwM4OD3Q5xKhDGWS8MPGa8qJT4AK}, 40933: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine all ingredients, except the cornstarch mixture and pineapple, and whisk to blend. Bring the mixture to a boil and stir in the cornstarch slurry to thicken. Fold in chopped pineapple., ingredients: [1 cup soy sauce, 1 medium orange, juiced, 12 cup mirin, 12 cup water, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 1 tablespoon water, 1 cup fresh pineapple, grilled and chopped], title: Pineapple Teriyaki Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40934: {instructions: Heat a griddle medium hot.nUsing your hands, form the beef into a 14inchthick patty, trying not to press the patty too much or the meat becomes tough and the patty does not cook properly in the center. Brush some butter on both sides of the patty, season with salt and pepper and cook on the griddle for 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the burger, place the cheese on top and continue griddling for 2 to 3 minutes for medium rare.nMeanwhile, brush softened butter on both slices of the bun and place on the griddle until toasted.nTo assemble, place the hamburger on the bottom slice of the bun, and the lettuce, tomato and pickle on top of the hamburger. Spread the LT Guacamole on the top bun and then put the sandwich together and serve.nMash the ingredients together in a medium bowl., ingredients: [7 ounces ground prime beef 20 percent fat, at room temperature, Softened butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 slices cheddar cheese, preferably Mecox Bay Dairy Cheddar, Potato bun, sliced in half, Iceburg lettuce leaf, Slice beefsteak tomato, Slice dill pickle, 1 tablespoon LT Guacamole, recipe follows, 2 Haas avocados, scooped, 1 seeded chopped jalapeno, 3 tablespoons chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons diced tomato, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 12 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Splash of Green Jalapeno Pepper Tabasco, Salt and pepper to taste], title: LT Guacamole Burger, picturelink: VbdmgkaJL7FvMbP0z0fq9Jf6BGDSFi}, 40935: {instructions: For the corned beef and cabbage: Pour the stock into a large 4gallon stockpot over mediumhigh heat and bring to a simmer. Add the pickling spice, garlic, bay leaves and cloves. Reduce the heat to medium, then add the beef and cabbage simmer until tender, 3 hours. Season with salt and pepper.nSlice the corned beef into thin slices against the grain. This should yield around 30 slices. Slice 2 wedges of the cabbage thinly.nButter 1 side of the bread slices and brown on a warm griddle or large nonstick pan. Top each bread slice with 1 slice of cheese, followed by Thousand Island dressing. Add beef slices to half the bread, and the cabbage to the remaining bread slices. Continuing browning the bread for 2 to 3 minutes, and then assemble the sandwiches. Warm the assembled sandwiches in the pan or a preheated 350 degrees F oven., ingredients: [2 gallons chicken stock, 12 cup pickling spice, 6 cloves garlic, 4 bay leaves, 4 cloves, 2 pounds raw beef brisket, cut into 4 equal portions, 2 heads cabbage, cut into wedges, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 medium Idaho potatoes, cut into wedges, 4 ounces softened unsalted butter, 8 slices rye bread, 8 slices Gruyere or Swiss cheese, 1 cup Thousand Island dressing], title: Corned Beef and Cabbage Reuben, picturelink: h02uTnv9Qq549YMk5qoO2RnPkzi.rGu}, 40936: {instructions: To make the Habanero Honey Aioli:nIn a blender, blend together mustard, honey, cilantro, habanero and lemon juice. Puree this into a smooth paste. Add egg yolks and blend briefly to incorporate. Remove the clear plastic piece from the center of the blender lid. With the blender running, gradually add the oil in a thin stream until the mixture thickens into a light emulsified mayonnaise. Season with salt and set aside.nTo make the Yucca Root Chips:nSoak the thinly sliced yucca root in hot water. Add 3 inches of soybean oil to a deepfryer or deep skillet and preheat to 375 degrees F. Evenly mix the fine sea salt and the lemon zest and set aside. Remove the yucca root slices from the hot water and pat dry to remove any excess moisture. Place the dried yucca slices in the hot oil and fry for 1 to 2 minutes until lightly brown. Shake them gently when removing them from the fryer so that they dont stick together. Place chips on absorbent paper and dust with the lemon salt while they are still hot. Set aside.nTo make the Crispy Oysters:nMaintain the 375 degree F of the frying soybean oil. Pour buttermilk into a shallow bowl in separate shallow bowl add flour. First drop oysters into buttermilk and then transfer to the bowl containing the flour. Toss oysters in flour just enough to lightly coat them. Transfer oysters to a frying basket and lower into the hot oil. Fry oysters for 2 to 3 minutes, or until light brown. Transfer oysters to a paper towel or absorbent paper.nTo assemble, place a yucca root chip on plate, place crispy oyster on top of chip, spoon a dollop of aioli onto the oyster and then sprinkle with pico de gallo., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Dijon Mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup washed and chopped cilantro leaves, 1 habanero chile, seeded and chopped, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 4 egg yolks, 1 cup salad oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 large yucca root, peeled and thinly sliced, Soybean oil, 12 cup fine sea salt, 4 lemons, zested, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, for dredging, 20 fresh plump oysters, 12 cup pico de gallo], title: Crispy Oysters on Yucca Root Chips with Habanero Honey Aioli, picturelink: SHXcbCeNpM4um59xc9gfnvj6Sr2NVC}, 40937: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the chicken breasts on a sheet pan, skin side up. Rub the tops with olive oil and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Roast for 35 minutes, until cooked through. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones and discard the skin and bones. Shred the chicken in large bitesized pieces and set aside.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and blanch the broccoli florets for 2 minutes. Drain and immediately immerse in a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking and set the color. Drain and set aside.nPlace the garlic, ginger, vegetable oil, tahini, peanut butter, soy sauce, sherry, sherry vinegar, honey, chili oil, sesame oil, 12 teaspoon black pepper and the cayenne pepper in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and puree until smooth. Set aside.nAdd a splash of olive oil to a large pot of boiling salted water and cook the spaghetti according to the directions on the package. Drain the pasta in a colander, place it in a large bowl, and while still warm, toss with the sauce. Add the scallions, peppers, chicken and broccoli and toss well. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 whole 6 split chicken breasts, bonein, skinon, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch broccoli, cut into florets and stems discarded, 6 garlic cloves, chopped, 14 cup fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup tahini sesame paste, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 12 cup good soy sauce, 14 cup dry sherry, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 14 cup honey, 12 teaspoon Asian hot chili oil, 2 tablespoons dark toasted sesame oil, 18 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 1 pound spaghetti, 4 scallions, sliced diagonally white and green parts, 1 yellow bell pepper, julienned, 1 red bell pepper, julienned], title: Szechuan Noodles with Chicken and Broccoli, picturelink: SvHjKpKwrXQnDvAfnb7tTENvsdfmmOi}, 40938: {instructions: Place haricots verts in a large microwavesafe bowl with a 12 cup of water. Cover and cook on HIGH for 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and drain.nTo haricots verts add sour cream, lemon juice, salt and freshly ground black pepper. Toss to coat. Garnish with shaved Parmesan and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 1 pound bag readytocook haricots verts recommended: Greenline, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup shaved Parmesan, garnish], title: Club 55 Haricots Verts, picturelink: 5RrX.Vx.vyq5ZK.XUp2y080urHfsvKq}, 40939: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Boil noodles according to package directions. Drain and arrange in casserole see below.nWhile noodles are boiling, brown beef in a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat, adding chopped onion, garlic and oregano to meat as it cooks. When meat has browned, drain off fat and then add tomato soup and apple cider vinegar. Simmer for 20 minutes.nPreheat oven for 350 degrees F.nSpray a medium casserole dish with a nonstick cooking spray. Lay noodles lengthwise across bottom of casserole dish. Spread a layer of cottage cheese over top of noodles. Add a layer of meat mixture, then cover with mozzarella cheese and repeat for a total of 3 layers. Finish with a layer of cheese and bake for 30 minutes or until bubbling. Remove from heat and let stand for 5 minutes before cutting and serving., ingredients: [Salt, 1 package lasagna noodles, 1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 1 medium yellow onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 cans tomato soup, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups cottage cheese small curd, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese], title: Lasagna, picturelink: caSqm4UVTG1munUoHG82AgTq.acLE2}, 40940: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCrust: Crush the cookies in a food processor with the melted butter until almost finely crushed, or in a plastic food storage bag, using a rolling pin. Pour the cookie crumbs into pie dish. Using your hands, smooth out the crumbs to form an even crust on bottom and sides of the pan. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside to cool completely.nFilling: In a medium heavybottomed saucepan, whisk together the milk, yolks and vanilla Stir in the sugar, cornstarch, chocolate and salt. Bring to a boil over medium heat, whisking constantly. Boil for 1 minute, then immediately remove from heat. Mixture should be very thick Quickly stir in the ginger, then pour the pudding into the crust. Cover the surface of pie with plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming and chill for 3 hours, until set.nBefore serving, whip the cream and sugar together in a small bowl, until soft peaks form. Serve each slice of pie with a dollop of whipped cream, and a light dusting of leftover cookie crumbs, if you have any. Prepare to have poetry written about you., ingredients: [15 chocolate wafer cookies, 15 gingersnaps, 34 stick unsalted butter, melted, Generous pinch salt, 2 cups whole milk, 3 yolks, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons chopped candied ginger, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar], title: Come ere Puddin Pie  ChocolateGinger Pudding Pie, picturelink: W6efjgnC228dGIVhYL.1h.zOCZvwugS}, 40941: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the tomatoes still on the vines plus any that fall off the vines on a sheet pan. Rub or brush gently with olive oil and sprinkle generously with kosher salt and pepper.nRoast for 10 to 15 minutes, until the tomatoes are tender and a few start to split. Sprinkle with basil, if using, and fleur de sel, and serve on the stem hot or warm., ingredients: [12 stems cherry tomatoes on the vine 3 to 4 pounds, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Julienned fresh basil leaves, for garnish optional, Fleur de sel], title: Roasted Vine Tomatoes, picturelink: lnqf3vb7bnfqn.Wztv10AXhgPvHnj6}, 40942: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a baking sheet, toss together the sweet potatoes, oil and some salt and pepper. Roast until the potatoes are golden brown and cooked through, 30 to 40 minutes.nIn the meantime, in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, reduce the cranberry juice by half. Add the brown sugar, butter and cinnamon, stirring to dissolve and incorporate.nWhen the potatoes come out of the oven, add them to a large bowl. Pour the glaze over top and toss to coat completely. Serve topped with the toasted almonds., ingredients: [5 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces about 1 12 pounds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup cranberry juice cocktail, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup chopped toasted almonds], title: CranberryGlazed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: b7a08rs967UnK4TEaK5dgqbCWC0hNEy}, 40943: {instructions: Thoroughly wash collard greens. Be sure to pull leaves apart and remove any sand. Chop collard greens.nIn a medium saucepan, bring 4 cups of salted water to a simmer. Place smoked ham hocks in salted water and cover for about 90 minutes. Cook ham hocks until slightly tender. In the same saucepan, add remaining ingredients and collard greens.nCover and cook greens for 1 to 1 12 hours., ingredients: [5 bundles collard greens, 4 cups salted water, 3 large smoked ham hocks, 1 cup sugar, Salt, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Ginas Best Collard Greens, picturelink: pYxQCuZDLQA0djutXwl87shMDbllia}, 40944: {instructions: Combine the beans, garlic, onion, and bay leaves in a medium pot. Add enough water to reach about 1 12 inches over the beans. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat, cover, and simmer until the beans are tender, about 2 hours. Add more water if the beans are absorbing too much liquid. The beans should be soupy when done, with plenty of liquid remaining. Season the beans with salt and pepper, to taste.nLadle the beans and cooking liquid into soup bowls and garnish with Mexican crema, cilantro and chopped white onions. Alternatively, the beans can be drained and use as a filling for soft tacos., ingredients: [3 cups dried pinto beans, 4 garlic cloves, peeled and mashed, 14 large onion, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Mexican crema or sour cream, chopped fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped white onion, for serving], title: Mexican Bean Stew Frijoles De La Olla, picturelink: null}, 40945: {instructions: Preheat oven to 525 degrees F.nIn a large skillet heat the oil over high heat until smoking. Pat meat dry. Rub with pepper and salt. Sear the tenderloin on all sides until dark brown. Transfer the meat to a rack in a roasting pan. Roast meat for 10 to 20 minutes, or until a meat thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the meat registers 130 to 140 degrees F. for mediumrare. Transfer meat to a cutting board and let rest, loosely covered, for 10 minutes. Carve into thin slices for serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 to 412 pound trimmed beef tenderloin, tied at room temperature, 2 teaspoons cracked black pepper, or to taste, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, or to taste], title: Roast Tenderloin of Beef, picturelink: null}, 40946: {instructions: Place the peanut butter, garlic, ginger, soy sauce, brown sugar, sesame oil, black vinegar, and chili oil into the bowl of a minifood processor. Process until the mixture is well combined and forms a paste, 1 to 2 minutes. With the processor running, gradually add the chicken broth and process until the sauce is creamy and well combined, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a large mixing bowl, cover, and set aside while you prepare the rest of the dish.nPlace 4 quarts water into a large pot and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the noodles and cook until al dente, 1 to 1 12 minutes. Drain thoroughly in a colander. Add the noodles to the bowl with the sauce and toss to combine. Serve topped with the peanuts and scallions., ingredients: [13 cup creamy peanut butter, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon Chinese black vinegar, 1 tablespoon chili oil, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 8 ounces ramen noodles, 12 cup roasted peanuts, chopped, 3 scallions, finely chopped], title: Dan Dan Noodles, picturelink: null}, 40947: {instructions: Using a box grater or a food processor with the shred attachment, shred the potatoes and place them in a colander over a large bowl. Fill the bowl with cold water and agitate the shredded potatoes and rinse with water until the water runs clear from the colander. Strain the potatoes and pour into a clean kitchen towel, gather the edges and twist the towel around to squeeze the excess water out of the potatoes. Do this as hard as possible, changing towels if needed to remove the most moisture. Transfer the dried potato shreds to a large bowl. Add the garlic powder, onion powder, Hungarian paprika, 2 teaspoons of salt, and a grind or two of pepper. Toss with your hands to combine.nIn a large nonstick saute pan on medium heat, add the olive oil and shredded potatoes. Spread the potatoes evenly and allow a bottom crust to build before tossing to cook some more. Continue to cook while tossing until most of the hash browns are golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Pour into a serving plate., ingredients: [1 pound russet potatoes, peeled and grated, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Sunnys Saturday Special Hash Browns, picturelink: 32ypVexGCgC2BlhjT8ggFkdhtGGRHi}, 40948: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line one 12cup and one 6cup muffin pan with paper or foil cupcake liners.nMake the cupcakes: Sift the cake flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt together three times. Beat the butter and sugar with an electric mixer at high speed for 15 seconds until combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until each is incorporated. Continue beating until light and fluffy, about 6 more minutes. With the mixer at its lowest speed, beat in onethird of the flour mixture. Beat in the buttermilk and vanilla, then another onethird of the flour mixture. Beat in the coffee and then the remaining flour mixture. Fill the muffin cups halfway and bake for 25 minutes, or until the centers spring back when lightly pressed. Set the pans on a rack to cool.nMake the peanut butter filling: Beat the butter and peanut butter with an electric mixer at medium speed until blended. Reduce the speed to low and gradually beat in the confectioners sugar. Increase the speed to high and beat for 3 to 5 minutes, until smooth and fluffy. Spoon the filling into a pastry bag fitted with a medium plain tip. Insert the tip into the top of each cooled cupcake and squeeze approximately 1 12 tablespoons filling into each cupcake.nMake the ganache frosting: Place the chocolate in a medium bowl. Heat the cream in a small saucepan until scalding. Pour the cream over the chocolate and let sit 1 minute, then whisk until smooth. Let sit 10 minutes, until thick but still pourable. Dunk the tops of the cupcakes into the frosting to coat, then place on a rack and sprinkle with the chopped peanuts. Transfer to the refrigerator for 20 minutes to set.nPhotograph by Gentl  Hyers, ingredients: [1 14 cups cake flour, 12 cup unsweetened Dutch process cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 14 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup hot strong coffee, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup roasted peanuts, chopped], title: Peanut Butter CreamFilled Devils Food Cupcakes, picturelink: SiSQ7fmQEoRGknNNIOPWjAQJ1Erene}, 40949: {instructions: In a large stock pot, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, onions, turnips and carrots and cook for 5 minutes. Add the kale, chourico, bay leaves, parsley and thyme and mix well. Add the beef stock, beans and tomatoes. Bring the soup to a boil, and then reduce the heat to low and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium saucepan, bring salted water to a boil and add the diced potatoes. Cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the potatoes and add them to the soup.nRemove the bay leaves and serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 12 cup diced onions, 12 diced turnips, 12 cup diced carrots, 1 bunch kale, stemmed and roughly chopped, 6 ounces chopped chourico spicy Portuguese sausage, or chorizo, 3 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 6 cups beef stock, 1 cup kidney beans, 6 ounces diced tomatoes, 10 ounces diced potatoes], title: Portuguese Kale Soup, picturelink: null}, 40950: {instructions: Add kielbasa to a large skillet of simmering water. Cook for 15 minutes and drain completely.nPlace kielbasa on a hot grill pan and cook until grill marks are achieved, turning often, about 10 minutes.nSlice the kielbasa into bitesize pieces and serve with a variety of mustards, sauerkraut, and horseradish.nServing suggestions: mustards, sauerkraut, and horseradish.nWine Suggestions: Kendall Jackson Chardonnay Hahn Estates or Glass Mountain Merlot Rosemount Shiraz, ingredients: [4 pounds smoked kielbasa], title: Grilled Kielbasa, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 40951: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a whip attachment, cream the butter. Then add the cream cheese and continue mixing. Add the sugar and beat until fluffy. Beat in the eggs, vanilla, and flour. Set aside.nTo make the pumpkin layer, in a mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, mix the pumpkin puree and eggs until well blended. Add the sugars and mix. Add the remaining ingredients and mix until blended.nLine a 9 by 13rectangular pan with parchment so that the parchment covers the bottom, sides and hangs over the edges of the pan. The over hanging parchment will be the handles that will help you remove the bars once cooked and cooled. Spread the cream cheese layer evenly in the parchmentlined pan and bake for 25 minutes. It should be 34 to 1inch thick. Pour the pumpkin layer over the cream cheese layer and continue cooking another 30 minutes. Cool completely in the pan to room temperature, then refrigerate. Cut into bars. Serve cold., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 9 ounces cream cheese, 34 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 3 tablespoons flour, 15 ounces canned pumpkin puree, 2 large eggs, 13 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup light brown sugar, packed, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cloves, 14 teaspoon ginger, 18 teaspoon white pepper, 13 cup milk, 13 cup heavy cream], title: Spicy Pumpkin Bars, picturelink: null}, 40952: {instructions: Prepare outdoor grill for indirect cooking.nFirst, clean inside cavity and outside of chicken, removing any remaining neck parts and fat. Next, pat chicken dry and rub chicken with entirely with oil. Then, combine minced garlic, minced cilantro, pepper, salt, fenugreek, and coriander seeds. Rub this mixture generously over chicken. Pour wine into empty can, removing tab on can and making 2 additional holes on top of can. Then, carefully place chicken cavity on can and transfer to grill, setting up chicken as a tripod on grill. Allow chicken to cook 1 12 to 2 hours, or until juices run clear when pierced at thickest part of chicken thigh. When done, carefully remove chicken from can., ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound chicken, 3 tablespoons walnut oil or olive oil, 3 cloves finely minced garlic, 4 fresh sprigs cilantro, finely minced, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fenugreek Georgian spiceutskho suneli, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 cup red wine preferably Georgian, 1 empty sodabeer can], title: St. Ninos Chicken, picturelink: null}, 40953: {instructions: Heat garlic in oil over medium heat in a large skillet until garlic sizzles in oil. Add the rapini, as much as you can fit in pan at a time. Turn and coat with oil as you wilt the greens. Add broth. Bring to a boil. Cover and reduce heat to low. Simmer 10 to 12 minutes to soften the bitterness of the greens., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 bunches rapini, about 2 pounds, bottom 3 or 4 inches of stems trimmed away, 1 cup lowsodium, nofat chicken broth], title: Rapini and Garlic, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 40954: {instructions: Cut off the corn kernels set aside. Combine the cobs, 1 cup potatoes, 12 cup scallions, 1 tablespoon ginger, the garlic, peppercorns and 5 cups water in a pot. Smash the lemongrass, if using, and add to the pot. Bring to a boil, then simmer for 25 to 30 minutes.nAbout 10 minutes before the broth is finished, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat in a separate pot. Add the remaining 1 cup potatoes, season with salt and cook until slightly soft, 5 minutes. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon ginger and the jalapeno cook 1 minute. Add the corn kernels cook until the vegetables are just tender, 3 to 4 minutes.nStrain the broth, pressing out as much liquid as possible discard the solids. Add 2 cups of the strained broth to the potatoes and corn bring to a boil, cover and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the coconut milk, basil and mint season with salt. Stir until simmering. Remove from the heat and add the radishes, cilantro and lime juice. Top with diced tomato and the remaining 14 cup scallions and serve with lime wedges.nPer serving: Calories 407 Fat 32 g Saturated 25 g Cholesterol 30 mgnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 ears corn, 2 cups diced redskinned potatoes about 12 ounces, 34 cup chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons grated peeled fresh ginger, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 8 black peppercorns, 1 stalk lemongrass, cut into thirds optional, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt, 1 red jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 1 13 .5ounce can coconut milk, 8 fresh basil leaves, 8 fresh mint leaves, 4 radishes, thinly sliced, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, Juice of 12 lime, plus lime wedges for garnish, 1 tomato, seeded and diced], title: Thai Corn Chowder, picturelink: sJnA1k2KSvihwo4PJtwdFBnD3X6BD.y}, 40955: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine an oven tray cookie sheet with parchment paper. Take a large piece of foil large enough to fully wrap the fish like a present and put it on the oven tray. Butter the foil. Combine the 4 tablespoons of butter and the shallots in a small bowl and set aside. Put the fish in the center of the foil. Season the entire fish with the shallot butter, inside and out and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Put the thyme sprigs inside cavity and top the fish with lemon slices. Fold the edges of the foil over fish and seal.nBake the fish until cooked through, about 45 minutes. Transfer the fish to a platter. Open the foil and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, plusmore for foil, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 whole red snapper, cleaned and scaled, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 to 10 fresh thyme sprigs, 6 to 8 thin lemon slices], title: Baked Red Snapper Prepared Whole, picturelink: null}, 40956: {instructions: Peel each eggplant leaving 1inch of skin at the top and bottom unpeeled. Slice the eggplant thinly lengthwise, about 14inch thick. Evenly coat each slice with the salt and purge on a sheet pan fitted with a rack for 30 minutes. Rinse with cold water and roll in paper towels to dry. Slice the pieces into thin strips to resemble pasta.nIn a large saute pan heat the oil. Add the garlic and chili flakes and toast. Add the eggplant pasta and toss to coat. Add the tomatoes and cook for 3 minutes. Add the cream and increase heat to thicken sauce. Finally add the basil and Parmesan and toss to combine. Season with pepper, no salt needed as the eggplant will have residual salt from the purge. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 mediumlarge eggplants, Kosher salt, for purging, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon chile flakes, 4 small tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 12 cup cream, 4 tablespoons basil chiffonade, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Freshly ground pepper], title: Eggplant Pasta, picturelink: null}, 40957: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo a blender, add the strawberry jam, sherry vinegar, lemon zest and juice, garlic, mustard, sriracha and salt. Blend well. With the motor running, slowly add the oil in a steady stream until the vinaigrette is emulsified and thick.nMelt the butter with the agave in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sunflower seeds, stirring to coat. Transfer to a parchmentlined baking sheet and sprinkle with the sea salt. Roast for 5 to 7 minutes, stirring halfway through. Remove from the oven, and let cool completely.nArrange the arugula on a large serving platter. Scatter with the candied sunflower seeds, and drizzle with 12 cup of the dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons strawberry jam, 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar, Zest of 1 lemon, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon sriracha hot sauce, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon butter, 2 teaspoons agave syrup, 12 cup sunflower seeds, toasted, 7 cups arugula 5 ounces], title: Arugula Salad with Candied Sunflower Seeds and Strawberry Vinaigrette, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 40958: {instructions: Special equipment: a candy thermometernCombine the sugar and 12 cup of water in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Increase the heat to high and, without stirring, cook until the syrup is golden amber or until a candy thermometer reads between 250 to 265 degrees F hardball stage, about 10 minutes see Cooks Note. Promptly remove the saucepan from the heat.nWorking quickly, drop 3 cranberries into the caramel. Use 2 forks to coat the cranberries completely in the syrup and pull together into a cluster. Place the cranberry cluster on a waxed paper lined baking tray. Repeat with the remaining cranberries. Reheat the syrup briefly over low heat if it starts to thicken. Let the clusters cool to harden.nMelt the white chocolate in a stainlesssteel bowl over barely simmering water. Stir constantly with a rubber spatula until the white chocolate is almost completely melted. Be careful that no moisture gets into the chocolate, or it will harden. Remove the bowl from the heat and allow the white chocolate to cool slightly.nDip the bottom of the cranberry cluster into the white chocolate and place on a parchment paper lined baking sheet to set for approximately 20 minutes. Place clusters in paper candy cups and store in an airtight container., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup water plus 2 tablespoons, 1 14 cups fresh cranberries, 1 14 cups chopped bestquality white chocolate], title: Cranberry Clusters, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 40959: {instructions: Make the dough: Combine the flour, cornmeal, salt, yeast, olive oil, melted butter, vegetable oil and warm water in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook. Mix on medium speed until the dough comes together and pulls away from the side of the bowl but still sticks to the bottom, about 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low and knead 5 minutes. Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl and turn to coat. Tightly cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place, 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic is slightly softened, about 1 minute. Add the tomato puree and 1 cup water. Stir in the oregano and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 8 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Generously brush two 9 12inch round deepdish pizza pans or 9inch cake pans with about 3 tablespoons olive oil each. Divide the dough in half press each half into the bottom of a pan. Let the dough rest, 15 minutes. Push the dough down and press it up the sides of the pans with your fingers. Layer the cheese on top of each crust and spread each with 1 12 cups sauce.nBake the pizzas until the crust is dark golden brown and the cheese is bubbling, 40 to 45 minutes it will still be jiggly in the center. Sprinkle with parmesan if using let cool 15 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and cut into wedges.nYou can freeze the baked pizza for up to a month. Let it cool, then tightly wrap in plastic and foil. To reheat, unwrap and bake at 325 degrees F until hot and bubbling, 50 to 60 minutes.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [4 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons fine yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 12 teaspoons instant yeast, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowl, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons warm water 100 degrees F to 110 degrees F, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the pans, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can tomato puree preferably San Marzano, 1 teaspoon dried oregano Kosher salt, 3 8ounce packages lowmoisture wholemilk mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced, Finely grated parmesan cheese, for topping optional], title: DeepDish Pizza, picturelink: a7mmRIcmsrjuOiStJTVmCAsmm4P0XK}, 40960: {instructions: Place a large pot over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. When it is hot add the onions, garlic, curry leaves, garam masala, mustard seeds, paprika and turmeric and cook for about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the tomatoes and tomato paste and season with salt and pepper. Stir and simmer for 5 minutes, and then add the sweet potatoes, vegetable broth and yogurt. Cover and continue to cook until the sweet potatoes are tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Add the mussels and replace the lid. Cook until the mussels have opened, 5 to 8 minutes. Serve the mussels with lots of the curry on rice, roti or toasted bread., ingredients: [3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 cup thinly sliced onions, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 10 curry leaves, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 2 cups chopped fresh tomatoes, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, A pinch of salt, A pinch of pepper, 2 cups chopped sweet potatoes, 2 cups vegetable broth, 1 cup yogurt, 2 pounds mussels, cleaned and debearded, Steamed rice, roti or toasted bread, for serving], title: Sweet Potato Curry with Mussels, picturelink: null}, 40961: {instructions: Combine marinade and dressing ingredients in small bowl. Place steaks and 14 cup marinade in a foodsafe plastic bag turn steaks to coat. Close bag securely and marinate in refrigerator 15 minutes to 2 hours, turning occasionally. Cover and refrigerate remaining marinade for dressing.nPreheat charcoal grill to medium heat.nRemove steaks from marinade discard marinade. Place steaks and bell peppers on grill over medium, ashcovered coals. Grill steaks, uncovered, 9 to 11 minutes for mediumrare to medium doneness, turning occasionally. Grill peppers, covered, 7 to 10 minutes or until tender, turning occasionally. A few minutes before steaks are done, place bread slices on grill. Grill until lightly toasted, turning once. Cut 1 end off garlic clove rub cut end evenly over both sides of toasted bread.nCarve steak into thin slices season with salt and black pepper, to taste. Dice bell peppers. Place 1 bread slice upright in each of 6 1cup martini glasses. Layer with equal amounts of spinach, peppers, steak, olives, chopped cilantro and reserved dressing. Top with cheese shavings. Garnish with cilantro sprigs, if desired., ingredients: [Marinade and Dressing:, 12 cup reducedfat prepared olive oil vinaigrette, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons finely chopped cilantro leaves, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 beef shoulder center steaks ranch, cut 34inch thick about 8 ounces each, 2 medium red bell peppers, cut in 12 lengthwise, 6 slices 14inch thick baguette bread, cut diagonally about 5 inches long, 1 clove garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups loosely packed baby spinach leaves, 14 cup chopped Spanish olives, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus sprigs, for garnish, 2 tablespoon shaved Manchego cheese], title: TapasStyle PepperSteak Parfaits Small Plates, Big Taste, picturelink: aFcTmu9fgtqRlVMiBhX8R0CtL9YIyG}, 40962: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nWash the potatoes and place them directly on the oven baking rack. Bake for 45 to 60 minutes, until very tender when pierced with a skewer.nWhen the potatoes are done, cut them down the middle and squeeze both ends. Place a slice of butter in the middle of the potato, sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve hot., ingredients: [4 Idaho russet baking potatoes, Unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Potatoes, picturelink: VbdmgkaJL7FvMbP0z0fq9Jf6BGDSFi}, 40963: {instructions: Mix corn syrup, sugar, water, and salt in a heavy saucepan. Stir over low heat until sugar dissolves. Heat until a candy thermometer registers soft ball stage, about 238 degrees F. Remove from heat and stir in pecans, vanilla, and cinnamon. Turn out on waxed paper and pull pecans apart while cooling, being very careful to avoid getting burned Refrigerate until chilled.nThrough the feed tube of a running blender add, 1 at a time, vinegar, beer, salt, pepper, and thyme, and leaving the blender running, add the oil in a slow thin stream. Set aside until needed.nPull chicken away from bones, and cut into thin strips. Set aside until needed.nUse a vegetable peeler to peel several curls of cheese for garnish and then use a box grater to shred cheese. Toss chicken, greens, shredded cheese and pecans with enough dressing to coat. Garnish with curls of cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons corn syrup, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups pecans, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 cup balsamic vinegar, 18 cup amber bock beer, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 34 cup canola oil, 1 3pound applewood smoked chicken Smithfield or Nueske, 4 ounces Gouda cheese, placed into freezer for 2 hours, 4 ounces pepper jack cheese, placed into freezer for 2 hours, 6 cups mixed baby greens, iceberg, and romaine, stems removed, torn into bitesized pieces and dried in a salad spinner], title: Baby Greens, AppleSmoked Chicken and GoudaPepper Jack Salad with Amber Bock Dressing, picturelink: null}, 40964: {instructions: Juice, in this order, the pears, lemons and celery, following your juicers specific settings for each. Stir in the chia seeds if using and let soak for 5 minutes. Serve the juice immediately over ice, if desired., ingredients: [2 pears, peeled and cored, 2 to 3 large, juicy lemons, peel and pith removed, 3 stalks celery, 1 tablespoon chia seeds, optional], title: PearCelery Lemonade, picturelink: CilQdpsQJplBtcSkduptZFGnmRjxiK}, 40965: {instructions: Season the salmon steaks with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a saute pan or skillet overnmedium heat for 1 minute. Add the salmon steaks, and cook 3 to 4 minutes, until the flesh is nicely browned and crispy. Turn the salmon steaks over, and another 3 to 4 minutes. Add the shallots to the pan and cook together with the salmon for another minute. Add the capers, olives, lime juice, and white wine. Cover the pan, lower the heat, and cook for 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and serve immediately on a bed of Couscous with Roasted Tomato. Drizzle 1 teaspoon of Chili Vinaigrette over each salmon steak just before serving.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees. Cut the tomatoes in half and place them, cutside down, on a bakers rack set in a roasting pan and placed in a 200 degree oven for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes, the skins can be easily plucked off the tomatoes, using your fingers, a pair of tongs, or a fork.nDrizzle the peeled tomato halves with olive oil and return them to the 200 degree oven for another 112 hours, until the tomatoes are roasted to a dark red. The excess moisture will have evaporated, and the remaining tomatoes will have a delicious concentrated flavor and aroma.nPrepare the vinaigrette by combining the vinegar, honey, jalapeno, cumin, scallions and salt and pepper in a mixing bowl. Whisk together thoroughly before slowly drizzling in the oil completely. Cook the couscous according to the package directions. Cut the roasted tomato halves into quarters, and combine with the steamed couscous. Add the basil and adjust the seasoning. Drizzle with vinaigrette. And toss to combine.n4 servingsnWhisk together vinegar, mustard and oil. Add chili paste and cumin. Serve on the side with roast salmon., ingredients: [4 12inch thick salmon steaks, skin on, 5 to 6 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large shallots, peeled and finely chopped about 14 cup, 3 tablespoons tiny nonpareil capers, coarsely chopped, 14 cup pitted and chopped Nicoise or Kalamata olives, Juice of 1 lime about 2 tablespoons, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 recipe Roasted Tomato Couscous recipe follows, 4 teaspoons Chili Vinaigrette recipe follows, 4 beefsteak tomatoes, halved and seeded, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup quick couscous, steamed according to package directions, 2 tablespoons chopped or julienne basil, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 small jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely diced, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 cup finely chopped scallions, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon mustard, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon ancho chili paste, 1 teaspoon ground cumin], title: Pan Roasted Salmon with Couscous and Chili Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 40966: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 individual casserole dishesnTo make the salsa:nPreheat the broiler or oven to 550 degrees F.nRemove husks from the tomatillos and rinse under warm water to remove the stickiness. Put the chiles, garlic, onion and tomatillos on a baking sheet. Season with a little olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste. Put on a rack about 1 or 2 inches from the heat, and cook, turning the vegetables once, until softened and slightly charred, about 5 to 7 minutes. When cool enough to handle, peel the garlic and pull off the tops of the chiles. Add all the broiled ingredients to a blender along with the fresh cilantro and puree. Pour in 14 cup of chicken broth and blend to combine. Add more broth, if needed, for desired consistency.nTo make the chilaquiles:nPour about 13 cup vegetable oil into a large saute pan over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the tortillas, working in 2 or 3 batches, and cook until lightly browned and nearly crisp. Drain the tortillas on paper towels and discard the remaining oil. Wipe the pan with a paper towel.nIn the same pan, add the tomatillo salsa and bring to simmer over low heat. Add the tortillas and cook until soft but not mushy, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the mixture among 4 individual casserole dishes. Top with the cheese crumbles and onion rings. Drizzle with Mexican crema, sprinkle with some chopped fresh cilantro and serve immediately.nCooks Note: Salsa Verde means green sauce and is typically made with tomatillos, green chiles and cilantro. Make your own fresh, or you can also find it canned at most supermarkets.nTomatillos are a small green fruit encased in a tissue paperlike husk. They should be used when they are still green, before they are ripe and the husk has turned brown. Before using, remove the husk, rinse and dry the fruit. They do not need to be seeded. They are found in most supermarketsnCooks Note: Chilaquiles is a Mexican brunch dish invented to use leftovers. It is made with day old tortillas cut or torn into chips and salsa verde. They are cooked together until the tortillas are slightly softened. Chilaquiles are eaten alone or with beans, eggs or shredded chicken.nCooks Note: Queso fresco is a white, mild, fresh Mexican cheese with the texture of fresh farmers cheese in the US. Queso fresco can be found in many supermarkets, Latin specialty markets or online. It can be substituted with a mild feta cheese., ingredients: [1 pound fresh tomatillos, 3 fresh serrano chiles, 3 garlic cloves, unpeeled, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, Olive oil, as needed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup chicken broth or more as needed, 13 cup vegetable oil, 10 corn tortillas, cut into eighths, preferably stale spread out to dry overnight, 3 cups roasted Tomatillo Salsa, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper, 12 cup crumbled queso fresco or a mild feta, 2 thin slices onion, separated into rings, 12 cup Mexican crema, creme fraiche or sour cream, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Chilaquiles with Roasted Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: Gugtd93g8ajiMV.tV00w7lzkXfxG.6}, 40967: {instructions: Special equipment: A 9inch springform pannPosition an oven rack to the bottom third of the oven and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSpread the pistachios out on a baking sheet and bake until golden and toasted, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a heatsafe plate to cool, then pulse them in a food processor until very finely ground. Transfer the ground pistachios to a small bowl and set aside.nSet a 9inch springform pan on top of a piece of parchment paper and trace a circle around it. Cut out the circle and set aside. Generously grease the bottom and sides of the pan with the room temperature butter, then press the parchment circle into the bottom of the pan.nPut the ricotta and 23 cup sugar in the bowl of food processor and process until the mixture is smooth, about 30 seconds. Transfer the ricotta mixture to a large bowl and whisk in the eggs yolks, orange zest and juice and the vanilla.nIn another large bowl, add the egg whites and whip using an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until the eggs become foamy. Sprinkle in the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar and continue to whip the egg whites until medium peaks form, about 2 minutes. Use a rubber spatula to fold 13 of the beaten whites into the ricotta mixture until just incorporated and a few white streaks remain. Gently fold in the remaining whipped egg whites, folding until there are no white streaks remaining.nPour the mixture into the prepared springform pan and set it on a baking sheet. Bake until the cheesecake is light golden brown and the sides begin to pull away from the pan, 55 minutes to about 1 hour and 5 minutes. Transfer the cheesecake to a cooling rack and let it cool completely, about 1 hour. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 2 days before serving.nTo serve, run a thin knife or spatula around the cake to release it from the sides, then unclasp the latch of the pan. Dust the top of the cake with confectioners sugar and sprinkle with the finely ground pistachios. Set the cheesecake on a cake platter, slice and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted pistachios, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter at room temperature for greasing the pan, 1 12 pounds whole milk ricotta cheese, 23 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 5 large eggs, separated, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Orange Ricotta Cheesecake, picturelink: q1COgAodW9JsmmHP7ZmYc98S7YE0PZ6}, 40968: {instructions: Butterfly the chops: Lay them flat on a cutting board and, holding your knife parallel to the board, cut through the meat along the side of each chop until you reach the bone. This cut should evenly divide the meat of each chop into 2 equal flaps, which remain attached to the bone. Spread each chop out in the shape of a butterfly.nPlace the chops between sheets of wax paper, and pound each flap with a mallet or the side or back of a heavy cleaver. Pound until each flap is an even 14inch thick.nMix together the 14 cup ricewine vinegar, soy sauce, sugar and a few drops of Japanese sesame oil. Place the pounded pork chops in a wide, shallow dish and pour the marinade over them. Marinate in the refrigerator, turning occasionally, for 2 hours.nWhen ready to cook, heat the peanut oil in a wok, deepfryer, or deep, wide pot to 365 degrees.nWhile the oil is heating, remove pork chops from the marinade and shake off liquid. Dredge chops in flour, making sure to cover all spots of the meat and bone. Then dip the chops in the beaten egg, and let the excess egg drip off. Finally, dip the chops in the panko crumbs, making sure to cover the entire meat and bone.nWhen the oil is hot, add the pork chops if your frying vessel is not large enough, you should do this in 2 batches. Deepfry until chops are golden brown on the outside, just cooked through on the inside, 3 to 4 minutes altogether. Remove and drain on paper towels.nWhile the pork chops are cooking, make the watercress salad: Toss together the watercress, tomato, scallion, bean sprouts, ricewine vinegar and sesame oil. Make sure the salad has a light taste of the sesame oil if not, add a little more. Season with salt.nPlace each chop on a large dinner plate and season with coarse salt. Strew each chop with the watercress salad and serve immediately.npanko crumbs are Japanese bread crumbs  light, airy, remarkably crisp. They are available at Japanese groceries., ingredients: [2 rib pork chops each about 34 inch thick and about 10 ounces, 14 cup ricewine vinegar, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, A few drops of Japanese sesame oil, 1 quart of peanut oil or vegetable oil, Flour for dredging, 1 jumbo egg, beaten, 2 cups panko crumbs, 2 loosely packed cups watercress leaves, 12 cup minced tomato, 1 tablespoon finely minced scallion, 14 cup mung bean sprouts, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon ricewine vinegar, A few drops of Japanese sesame oil, Coarse salt to taste], title: TonkatsuStyle Butterflied Pork Chops with Watercress Salad, picturelink: null}, 40969: {instructions: Place oven rack at center of oven and preheat broiler.nHeat 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a small pot over medium heat and add the shallots and mushrooms, cook 5 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons butter and flour to softened shallots and mushrooms and cook 1 minute then whisk in wine, reduce 30 seconds, add stock and bring to a bubble. Stir in cream and heat through. Season sauce with nutmeg, salt and pepper and a couple dashes hot sauce, then reduce heat to low.nWhile the sauce is working, cover cookie sheet with foil and place prosciutto on the sheet and crisp up 2 minutes on each side under the broiler. It will continue to crisp as it cools.nIn a small bowl, combine the remaining 6 tablespoons butter, garlic, thyme and basil. Spread over baguette and place under broiler until toasty. Switch oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a skillet or cast iron pan over high heat. Season the scallops with salt and pepper and dress with 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil. Sear the scallops to caramelize 1 to 1 12 minutes on each side then cover them with sauce, bread crumbs and parsley and finish in oven about 6 to 7 minutes until brown and bubbly.nWhile scallops cook, heat remaining 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil over medium heat with crushed garlic, cook 1 minute and remove. Add spinach and wilt into skillet. Season greens with salt and pepper.nServe scallops with wilted spinach alongside and top with broken pieces of crispy prosciutto and toasted bread., ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 12 button mushrooms, thinly sliced, 8 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 cup cream, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 or 2 dashes hot sauce, 8 slices prosciutto, 1 clove garlic, grated, 2 fresh thyme sprigs, leaves chopped, 3 to 4 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 baguette, split and halved, 20 large sea scallops, trimmed of any connective tissue and patted dry, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, 1 clove garlic, cracked from skin, Handful parsley leaves, chopped, 1 pound triple washed spinach, stems removed], title: Scallops Bonne Femme and Spinach with Crispy Prosciutto, picturelink: Edy8XsADxfbO6WaStkdt4IpNGEzQNOS}, 40970: {instructions: Divide the sea bass onto 4 chilled plates arrange the slices in a loose fan on each plate. Sprinkle a small amount of sea salt over the bass. Turn a small amount of fresh black pepper over the bass. Squeeze a few drops of lime juice on each plate. Top each plate with 14 of the pine nuts. Drizzle the olive oil over the fish and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound Black Sea Bass fillet, thinly sliced, Hawaiian fine sea salt, Fresh pepper, freshly cracked, 12 lime, juiced, 2 ounces toasted pine nuts, Extravirgin olive oil, from Campagne, preferably], title: Black Sea Bass Crudo, picturelink: null}, 40971: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. When very hot, add 12 tablespoon butter and half of the mushrooms cook, stirring, until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and repeat with 12 tablespoon more butter and the remaining mushrooms transfer to the bowl. Add the herbs to the bowl and toss season with salt and pepper. Wipe out the skillet.nBuild the sandwiches: Spread each slice of bread with mustard and sandwich with the cheddar, ham, mushroom mixture and muenster.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in the skillet over low heat. Add the sandwiches and cook, turning once and adding more butter if needed, until the bread is golden and the cheese melts, about 12 minutes.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 10ounce package white mushrooms, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley andor chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 slices crusty bread, Dijon or wholegrain mustard, for spreading, 13 pound white cheddar cheese about 8 slices, 12 pound delisliced ham 8 to 12 slices, 13 pound muenster cheese about 8 slices], title: Grilled Ham, Cheese and Mushroom Sandwiches, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 40972: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the pasta according to the package directions. Set aside.nMelt the coconut oil in a highsided 10inch saute pan over medium heat. Stir in the flour and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk. Reduce to low heat, bring to a simmer and cook until it becomes a thin gravy, about 5 minutes. Add the white pepper and ground mustard and stir to combine. Add the cream cheese and stir until fully incorporated. Stir in the Cheddar, American cheese and wine, if using, and cook until fully incorporated. Taste and add salt as needed.nAdd the cooked pasta to the cheese sauce and stir to thoroughly combine. Taste again and salt as needed before serving., ingredients: [1 pound medium pasta shells, 2 tablespoons unrefined coconut oil, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups unsweetened almond milk or whole milk, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 14 teaspoon ground mustard, One 8ounce block cream cheese, at room temperature, 8 ounces sharp white Cheddar, shredded, 8 ounces white American cheese, shredded if from a block, otherwise diced, 2 tablespoons white wine, optional, Kosher salt], title: White Mac n Cheese, picturelink: Nmji0ZVMqP2y26do5MqWo14GwXOpDm}, 40973: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Etouffee: Heat a medium castiron skillet over medium heat and add the butter. Saute the trinity peppers, onions and celery. Add the garlic, and saute until slightly tender. Add the Roux and deglaze with some rum to help break it down it will flame up. Add 1 to 2 cups purified water to form a sauce. Add in the shrimp, crawfish, pepper, salt and thyme. Reduce the flame to a mediumlow simmer. Add Mamas Green Creole Sauce. Stir constantly making sure the roux doesnt burn and is completely dissolved. Taste periodically to confirm desired taste. Simmer 10 to 20 minutes, until the etoufee reaches desired thickness.nFor Mamas Creole Herb Rice: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cook the brown rice in 1 cup water, covered, for 30 to 40 minutes.nCook the white rice in 1 cup water in a rice steamer.nAfter both are cooked, empty the pans onto a cookie sheet. Mix the rice and toss with the oil, thyme and salt to taste.nDrench the etoufee over the rice, and serve.nPlace 2 cups water, the lemon juice, oil, salt, garlic, jalapenos, green onions, yellow onions, bell peppers and parsley in a blender and process until a sauce is formed. If the blender is not large enough, you can make it in two batches. Yield: about 2 12 cups.nHeat the oil in a heavy skillet over low heat. Add the flour and stir until mixture is creamy and there are no lumps. Turn the heat down low and keep stirring until the mixture reaches the desired color a medium or dark brown. Be careful and pay attention as not to burn the roux after it reaches a certain shade of brown it will begin to brown faster. Yield: about 12 cup., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup diced bell pepper, 2 tablespoons diced yellow onion, 1 celery stalk, diced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon Roux, recipe follows, Rum, 6 shrimp, 8 ounces crawfish tail meat, 1 ounce Mamas Green Creole Sauce, recipe follows, Pinch pepper, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch ground thyme, 12 cup brown rice, 1 cup long grain white rice, 14 cup canola or vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, Salt, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 10 cloves garlic, 4 jalapeno peppers, 2 green onions, cut in half, 1 small yellow onion, cut into wedges, 1 bell pepper, cut into wedges, 12 bunch parsley, rinsed, 14 cup oil, 14 cup flour], title: Shrimp and Crawfish Etoufee, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 40974: {instructions: Halve the potatoes lengthwise and, with a sharp knife or, preferably, a mandoline, slice them crosswise about 116 inch thick. Toss the potatoes with 12 teaspoon of the salt and half of the pepper. In 9 inch castiron skillet, heat 14 cup of the olive oil over medium heat. Add the potatoes and cook, tossing occasionally with a spatula, until golden and crisp. Try to avoid clumping but, if they stick together a bit dont worry. Set the pan aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in another skillet over medium low heat and saute the onions, stirring occasionally, for about 20 minutes, or until very soft and slightly golden.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl, beat the eggs together and stir in the remaining 14 teaspoon each of salt and pepper, and the onions. Remove the potatoes from the pan with a slotted spoon and let them drain for a moment in a colander. Wipe the potato cooking pan with a paper towel, then add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil to the skillet. Heat the skillet over low heat, stir the potatoes into the egg mixture, and immediately pour it into the hot skillet. Cook for about 8 minutes, or until the bottom of the cake is slightly golden. Place a large plate upside down on top of the skillet, invert it, and turn the cake onto the plate. Slide the cake back into the pan. Finish cooking in the oven for 4 to 5 more minutes, or until the eggs are set. Cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then cut into wedges or squares, depending on the number of people you want to serve. Serve warm or at room., ingredients: [2 pounds Russet potatoes, peeled, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, 6 large eggs], title: Tortilla de Patata, picturelink: null}, 40975: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 10by15inch rimmed baking sheetnSpecial equipment: a 10by15inch rimmed baking sheetnPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cut the onion in half, and shred each half on the large holes of a box grater. Squeeze the shredded onion dry between 2 towels, and scatter around a 10by15inch rimmed baking sheet.nPut the ground beef, egg, breadcrumbs and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl, and mix gently, just enough to incorporate evenly. Drop mounds of the mixture all around the baking sheet, and press them into an even layer without disturbing the onions too much but expect some of the onions to move around and peek through the meat. Brush the top of the meat with the vegetable oil, then season it evenly with 12 teaspoon salt and several grinds of fresh pepper. Score the meat into 24 squares, cutting completely through with a spatula.nBake until browned and no longer pink in the middle, 8 to 9 minutes. Put a small square of cheese on each patty, and return to the oven to melt, about 30 seconds. Let rest a few minutes, then recut along the scores to separate.nTop each patty with a slice of tomato and pickle. Slide a spatula into the pan, and let guests serve themselves. Serve alongside a platter with the buns and lettuce. Dont forget the ketchup and mustard., ingredients: [1 medium onion, 1 12 pounds 9010 ground beef, 1 large egg, 14 cup plain breadcrumbs, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices American cheese, quartered, 24 thin plum tomato slices from 2 to 3 tomatoes, 24 dill pickle slices, 24 mini potato buns, 4 large iceberg lettuce leaves, cut into 24 even pieces, Ketchup and yellow mustard, for serving], title: Beef Sliders for a Crowd, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 40976: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine ground turkey, onion, bell pepper, egg whites, watercress, teriyaki sauce, and jerk seasoning until well blended.nWith clean hands, form the turkey mixture into 6 equal patties.nHeat a nonstick griddle or large nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat and spray twice lightly with canola oil cooking spray. Place each patty on griddle, in batches if necessary, and cook for 3 minutes. Flip burgers and cook for another 3 minutes. Alternatively, cook burgers on an outdoor grill for 3 minutes on each side. Remove patties from griddle or grill.nSpread 16 of the mayonnaise over the bottom half of each bun. Place burgers on buns and top each with 1 slice of tomato and other half of bun., ingredients: [1 pound ground turkey breast, 1 cup chopped red onions, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 2 egg whites, 14 cup chopped fresh watercress leaves, 14 cup teriyaki sauce, 2 tablespoons jerk seasoning, 2 sprays canola oil cooking spray, 6 whole wheat buns, 14 cup reducedcalorie mayonnaise, 1 large tomato, sliced], title: Turkey Burger, picturelink: null}, 40977: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo a cocktail glass filled with ice, add the rye, artichoke liqueur and sweet vermouth. Stir for 30 seconds to chill. Strain into a rocks glass with fresh ice. Garnish with the fennel petal and orange zest., ingredients: [2 ounces rye whiskey, 12 ounce artichoke liqueur, such as Cynar, 12 ounce sweet vermouth, such as Carpano Antica, 1 petal fennel, 1 strip orange zest], title: Artichoke Manhattan, picturelink: 9LO4Mv8kVH2nehg9WUhFuk87Y8pSQCW}, 40978: {instructions: Cook spaghetti in salted water until al dente. Drain and rinse under cold water until cool. Set aside in a saucepan. Combine remaining ingredients and simmer over low heat until smooth. Cool slightly and toss sauce with cooked pasta., ingredients: [1 lb. spaghetti, 3 Tbs. soy sauce, 2 Tbs. rice wine vinegar, 12 tsp. dried hot pepper flakes, 2 Tbs. packed brown sugar, 12 cup chunky peanut butter, 2 Tbs. Oriental sesame oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup low sodium chicken broth], title: Cold Sesame Noodles, picturelink: null}, 40979: {instructions: Scale and gut the sardines you can have your fishmonger do this. Wash the sardines under cold, running water and pat dry with paper towels. Lightly salt the sardines with coarse sea salt and refrigerate. Meanwhile, boil 2 potatoes until a knife is easily inserted. Drain and cool.nRoast 2 red bell peppers over an open flame until charred. Place in a bowl and cover it with plastic to allow it to steam for approximately 20 minutes. Remove the plastic and peel and seed the peppers.nCut peppers into 3inch wide strips and combine in bowl with 14 cup of olive oil, 18 cup white wine vinegar, onion, and garlic. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPreheat a grill.nPlace the sardines on a hot grill. Cut potatoes in half lengthwise and place on the grill. When the sardines are done on first side, flip them over, and give the potatoes a quarter turn to create the grill marks.nPlace 3 sardines on each plate with 2 potato halves and some red pepper salad. For decoration and extra flavor, sprinkle with some thinly sliced onions and garlic over the sardines and drizzle with remaining olive oil.nThe ideal accompaniment for this dish is some Portuguese rolls and a nicely chilled Vinho Verde Portuguese wine., ingredients: [6 medium sized fresh sardines, 12 handful coarse sea salt, 2 baking potatoes, like russets, 2 red bell peppers, 14 cup Portuguese olive oil, plus 14 cup, 18 cup white wine vinegar, 12 onion, thinly sliced, 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, Salt and white pepper], title: Grilled Sardines, picturelink: null}, 40980: {instructions: In a sauce pot over high heat, bring the chicken stock to a simmer, then add the cream, grits, and seafood seasoning. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and continue to cook until the mixture has thickened and all the liquid has been absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, add the cheese, and stir thoroughly to blend, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the grits from the heat and keep warm.nIn a saute pan over medium heat, add the grapeseed oil and shrimp, and cook, stirring, until the shrimp are faint pink in color, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, salt, white pepper, and green onions and cook for an additional 2 minutes. Turn the heat off and add the flavored butter. Allow the butter to melt and coat the shrimp, then remove the pan from the stove.nDivide the grits among the plates and spoon the shrimptomato mixture over the top and serve., ingredients: [3 cups chicken stock, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 12 cups raw yellow grits, not instant, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 2 cups shredded Havarti cheese, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 pound peeled and deveined bay shrimp, 3040 count, 1 cup diced tomatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 14 cup green onions, thinly chopped on the bias, 14 pound butter, whipped with 1 tablespoon hot sauce], title: Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: zdlzphxQGg0EVQoe6wBExNpSlJajz.}, 40981: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChill 4 soup bowls in your refrigerator. Place the melon and the mint in a blender and puree. Add the sour cream and continue to process until completely incorporated. Divide the soup between the chilled bowls and sprinkle each with some diced ham and chopped mint., ingredients: [2 pounds very cold honeydew melon, peeled, halved, seeded, and roughly chopped about 5 cups of melon, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, plus chopped leaves for garnishing, 2 tablespoons plus 1 12 teaspoons sour cream, 1 cup diced serrano ham, 1 lime, cut into wedges for serving], title: Chillout Honeydew Soup with Ham, picturelink: MzAWOgOFKVL8GTgebz5EK6Lnu84MQmO}, 40982: {instructions: In corn tortilla layer iceberg lettuce, Jack cheese, sunnyside up eggs. Top with Ranchero sauce.nIn a skillet over medium heat, combine tomatoes, jalapeno, onion and garlic. Add the oregano, chili powder, and salt and allow to cook about 10 to 12 minutes, or until onions are translucent. If sauce appears too thick, dilute with up to 12 cup water.nLadle half of sauce into a food processor or blender and puree. Combine with remaining half of sauce and serve warm., ingredients: [Corn tortillas, Iceberg lettuce, Shredded Jack cheese, Sunnyside up eggs, Ranchero sauce, recipe follows, 4 tomatoes, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh oregano, chopped, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Breakfast Wrap with Ranchero Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40983: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a pitcher, add all the ingredients and stir to combine. Ideally, you want to wait about 1 hour for the fruit and the wine to infuse each other, but you can drink it right away., ingredients: [3 cups ice cubes, 14 cup lemon slices, 14 cup lime slices, 14 cup orange, slices, 14 cup pineapple chunks, 14 cup seedless grapes, 2 cups red wine, 12 cup peach brandy, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup lemonlime soda], title: Sangria Perea, picturelink: SaEjel0kNK3otkxznUbUktAGww4Wm}, 40984: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine the chili powder, kosher salt, paprika, smoked paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, cayenne pepper, black pepper and cumin. Divide the mixture in half and reserve 1 half for later use.nCut the Boston butt into 6 even pieces and place into a 6 to 8quart saucepan. Add half of the spice mixture and enough water, 3 to 3 12 quarts, to completely cover the meat. Set over high heat, cover and bring to a boil. Once boiling, reduce the heat to low and simmer until the meat is very tender and falling apart, 2 to 2 12 hours. Remove the meat from the cooking liquid to a cutting board. Leave the cooking liquid in the pot. Both meat and liquid need to cool slightly before making dough and handling. Remove any large pieces of fat and shred the meat into small pieces, pulling apart with your hands or using 2 forks.nPlace a 4quart saucepan over medium heat and add the vegetable oil. Once shimmering, add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until they are semitranslucent, approximately 3 minutes. Add the garlic, jalapeno, and remaining half of the spice mixture and continue to cook for another minute. Add the meat and cook until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat.nWhile the meat is cooking, place the husks in a large bowl or container and submerge completely in hot water. Soak the husks until they are soft and pliable, at least 45 minutes and up to 2 hours.nFor the dough:nPlace the cornmeal, salt, and baking powder into a large mixing bowl and combine. Add the lard and using your hands, knead together until the lard is well incorporated into the dry mixture. Gradually add enough of the reserved cooking liquid, 3 to 4 cups to create a dough that is like thick mashed potatoes. The dough should be moist but not wet. Cover the bowl with a damp towel and set aside until ready to use.nTo assemble the tamales:nRemove a corn husks from the water and pat dry to remove excess water. Working in batches of 6, lay the husks on a towel and spread about 2 tablespoons of the dough in an even layer across the wide end of the husk to within 12inch of the edges. Spoon about 1 tablespoon of the meat mixture in a line down the center of the dough. Roll the husk so the dough surrounds the meat, then fold the bottom under to finish creating the tamale. Repeat until all husks, dough and filling are used. Tie the tamales, around the center, individually or in groups of 3, with kitchen twine.nTo cook the tamales:nStand the tamales upright on their folded ends, tightly packed together, in the same saucepan used to cook the meat. Add the reserved broth from making the dough and any additional water so the liquid comes to 1inch below the tops of the tamales. Try not to pour the broth directly into the tops of the tamales. Cover, place over high heat and bring to a boil, approximately 12 minutes. Remove the lid, reduce the heat to low, to maintain a low simmer, and cook until the dough is firm and pulls away easily from the husk, 1 to 1 12 hours.nServe the tamales warm. For a wet hot tamale, serve with additional simmering liquid. Store leftover tamales, tightly wrapped in plastic wrap, in the freezer, for up to a month. To reheat, remove the plastic wrap and steam until heated through., ingredients: [14 cup chili powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 2 12 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly toasted and ground cumin seed, 2 pounds Boston butt meat, untrimmed, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 4 to 5 dozen dried corn husks, 2 pounds yellow cornmeal, approximately 6 cups, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 7 12 ounces lard, approximately 1 cup, 3 to 4 cups reserved cooking liquid], title: Hot Tamales, picturelink: tIUpZDTBtYXbHApxl7lF4NWEjUbu6Le}, 40985: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Drain on paper towels, then break each strip in half.nMeanwhile, combine the mayonnaise, lemon juice, herbs and celery in a large bowl stir in the chicken. Season with salt and pepper.nToast the bread and spread with mayonnaise. Divide half of the chicken salad among 4 slices of toast. Top each with some potato chips, 1 piece of bacon, 1 tomato slice, some lettuce, watercress and another slice of toast. Repeat with remaining ingredients to make 4 doubledecker sandwiches. Gently press each sandwich together and cut in half. Serve with pickles and more potato chips.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [6 slices bacon, 12 cup mayonnaise, plus more for spreading, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs such as dill, chives andor parsley, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 3 cups chopped rotisserie chicken skin removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 slices white sandwich bread, crusts removed, 3 cups potato chips, plus more for serving, 1 tomato, thinly sliced, Lettuce leaves, for topping, 1 small bunch watercress, large stems removed, Pickles, for serving], title: ChickenPotato Chip Club Sandwiches, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 40986: {instructions: Prepare a large bowl of ice water set aside.nBring the white wine, salt and 8 cups water to a boil in a pot, then reduce to a low simmer. Stir in the shrimp and cook at a very low simmer until the shrimp are pink, firm and cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain and transfer the shrimp to the prepared ice water bath. Once cooled, drain and serve with Remoulade Sauce on the side.nPut the mayonnaise, sour cream, relish, seafood seasoning, tarragon, vinegar, lemon zest and juice and shallot in a large bowl and whisk to combine. Season with salt if using and cracked pepper. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [12 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 pounds peeled and deveined large 12 to 15count shrimp, Remoulade Sauce, recipe follows, for serving, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons sweet relish, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon, Dash white vinegar, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 12 shallot, finely minced, Kosher salt, if needed, Cracked black pepper], title: Shrimp Cocktail with Remoulade Sauce, picturelink: 0U6BPHVHLRzRdCajNRSeyj9gM7gLf4m}, 40987: {instructions: Position the oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nBeat the peanut butter, granulated sugar, light brown sugar and salt with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the vanilla and egg. Stir in the chocolate chips.nPut some granulated sugar in a small bowl. Shape tablespoons of the dough into balls and roll each ball in the sugar to coat. Evenly space the balls on the prepared baking sheets. Press each ball down with the tines of a fork to flatten it slightly and make a crisscross pattern.nBake until the bottoms are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Let the cookies cool for a few minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a rack to cool completely. The cookies can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 cup creamy peanut butter, 23 cup granulated sugar, plus more for rolling, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 23 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cookies, picturelink: .aGIxIupRVvLDwAMXP8Iq9WrsTtE1C}, 40988: {instructions: Heat grapeseed oil over medium heat in a saucepot. Saute onion and garlic until onion turns translucent, being careful not to burn the garlic. Stir in rosemary and thyme, add crushed tomatoes, season with salt and pepper, cover and let simmer for 30 minutes.nBoil pasta until al dente. Drain well and serve with sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 medium onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced, 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh rosemary leaves, 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 2 29 to 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound penne pasta], title: Make a Difference Marinara and Pasta, picturelink: null}, 40989: {instructions: Fry poblano peppers until the skins are blistered. Peel, seed and devein the peppers. In a skillet, cook onions, peppers and corn for 5 minutes. Add cilantro and cool the mixture. When mixture is cool, add cheese and mix thoroughly. Slice peppers lengthways and stuff mixture until full.nTo make the sauce: in a medium saucepan coated with oil, cook onions, garlic, chipotle and oregano for 5 minutes. Add the black beans and water and cook for another 5 minutes. Puree sauce until smooth and season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble: spread a pool of the sauce on the bottom of a plate and place chili on top., ingredients: [2 cups canola oil, 4 Poblano peppers, 14 cup onions, diced, 14 cup yellow, red and green peppers, diced, 14 cup fresh corn kernels, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, chopped, 12 cup Queso blanco cheese, diced, 12 cup onions, chopped, 1 tablespoon of garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chipotle in adobo sauce, 1 tablespoon Mexican oregano, 2 cups black beans, cooked, 12 cup water], title: Chile Relleno with Vegetable Picadillo and Black Bean Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40990: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSpray 12 muffin tins with nonstick spray. In a medium bowl, stir muffin mix, bran, milk, and egg until just blended. Fold in carrots, dates, and confectioners sugar. Be careful not to overmix the batter should be lumpy. Divide batter equally among the muffin tins. Bake until a toothpick inserted into center of muffin comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Let cool slightly before frosting.nTo make the cream cheese frosting, combine the softened cream cheese, confectioners sugar, and carrot shavings in a medium bowl stir until well blended.nSlice muffins in half, spread with the cream cheese frosting, and then sandwich together. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable cooking spray, 1 package 16.6 ounces date muffin mix, 1 cup wheat bran, 1 cup whole milk, 1 egg, 1 cup shredded carrots, 34 cup pitted dates, chopped dates may be available already chopped, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 18ounce package cream cheese, softened, 3 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 1 cup carrot shavings], title: Mini Date Nut Carrot Muffin Sandwiches with Cream Cheese Center Frosting, picturelink: null}, 40991: {instructions: Using a large skillet, lightly brown the garlic cloves in the olive oil. Add the chopped tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Cook on low heat until sauce begins to thicken. Once sauce starts to thicken, add the cheese.nCook the pasta in boiling, salted water for approximately 8 minutes. Drain and add to the sauce. Serve on platter with basil leaves, halved cherry tomatoes, and grated pecorino., ingredients: [3 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound chopped cherry tomatoes, plus 1 cup halved cherry tomatoes, Salt, Pepper, 1 cup grated pecorino, 1 pound penne or trenne Rustichella, Basil leaves, for garnish], title: Trenne Primavera, picturelink: null}, 40992: {instructions: Preheat a grill over mediumhigh heat. Lightly oil the grill grates. Grill the red chiles and habaneros, turning occasionally, until charred all around. Cut stems off and let cool. In the bowl of a food processor, combine the charred chiles with the vinegar, cayenne, salt, sugar, xanthan gum and 1 cup water. Blend well. Serve with anything, but beware of spiciness, ingredients: [Oil, for oiling grill, 12 pound red chile peppers, 2 habanero chiles, 2 cups white vinegar, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon xanthan gum], title: Hot Saus, picturelink: null}, 40993: {instructions: In a small saucepan whisk together the brown sugar and the cornstarch and add the wine and the broth, whisking until the mixture is smooth. Add the vinegar, the cranberries, the tarragon, and salt to taste and simmer the sauce, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Stir in the minced parsley and simmer the sauce for 1 minute more. Serve the sauce hot, garnished with the parsley sprigs, with boneless pork or chicken medaillions., ingredients: [14 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 cup dry white wine, 12 cup chicken broth, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 12 cup dried cranberries, 18 teaspoon dried tarragon, crumbled, 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves, plus sprigs for garnish], title: Savory Dried Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 40994: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring 23 cup of cream and espresso to a simmer in a heavy medium saucepan. Remove from the heat. Add the chocolate and stir until the chocolate melts and the sauce is smooth.nBeat the remaining 1 cup of cream, adding powdered sugar 1 tablespoon at a time, and almond extract in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Scoop the ice cream into bowls. Top with the warm fudge sauce, whipped sweetened cream, and nuts., ingredients: [1 23 cups whipping cream, 13 cup freshly brewed espresso, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 quart vanilla ice cream or gelato, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted and coarsely chopped], title: Italian Hot Fudge Sundae, picturelink: 7Zz9GSVE4o16ip.oq9H35ujSsJZg3lW}, 40995: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease 2 cookie sheets and set aside.nMelt chocolate in a double boiler set over barely simmering water or in the microwave at 50 percent power. Allow to cool to room temperature.nIn a mixer, beat the butter and sugar until smooth, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each egg is added. Beat in the vanilla and the espresso. Gradually add the flour, beating well after each addition until just combined and scraping down the sides of the bowl, as necessary. Add baking soda and salt. Mix in the melted chocolate and then the nuts. Drop the batter by 2 tablespoons onto the greased cookie sheets, leaving 2 inches between each cookie. Bake until soft and lightly crisped around the edges, about 12 minutes, rotating pans halfway through cooking. Cool on wire racks., ingredients: [3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 13 cups packed dark brown sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 1 12 cups wholewheat flour, sifted, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup macadamia nuts, coarsely chopped], title: CoffeeChocolate Macadamia Cookies, picturelink: null}, 40996: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring sugar, syrup, lemon juice, grenadine and mint leaves to a boil dissolving the sugar granules. Let cool slightly. Cut the rind off the watermelon and cut into chunks. Puree half of the chopped watermelon in a blender. Strain through a fine mesh strainer into a large glass bowl. Repeat with remaining watermelon. Add slightly cooled syrup mixture and mix well to incorporate. Place sorbet into a 2quart plastic container and freeze for 3 to 4 hours., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup corn syrup, 4 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons grenadine, 3 fresh mint leaves, 1 3pound seedless watermelon], title: Watermelon Sorbet, picturelink: L42oBpOATsKEHwR3jG.4v0VlbFDTqu}, 40997: {instructions: In a skillet heat bacon and cook until bits have rendered. Strain and reserve the bits for later. In remaining fat in skillet add some oil if not enough add onions and saute for 5 minutes or until tender. Add garlic and mushrooms and continue to saute a couple of minutes or until cooked through. Remove the skillet from the heat and strain out any excess fat and liquid by pouring contents through a sieve add bacon bits to onions and mushrooms in a mixing bowl. Stir in leftover pot roast and peas and set aside. In a small saucepan, heat 3 tablespoons of butter and add the flour. Cook for a minutes to make a roux. Add broth and whisk vigorously . Bring to a simmer and cook for a few minutes or until thickened. Add dill weed and pickle and adjust the seasoning.nPreheat oven to 475 degrees. Pour sauce over the beef, peas, etc. and season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour the mixture in a quartsize, 2 inch deep round baking dish. Roll out pastry and set over the pie. Tuck excess dough under the rim and crimp the edges decoratively if you wish. Cut a couple of slits in the crust to allow steam to escape. Set pie on a baking sheet and set in middle of oven. Bake at high heat for 15 minutes. Lower heat to 375 degrees and bake for 15 minutes more or until crust is golden and the filling is hot., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 pound mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced, 2 cups leftover pot roast, cut into bitesized cubes or strips, 1 cup thawed petite peas, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 12 cup chicken broth or beef broth, 14 cup chopped dill weed, 1 Kosher dill pickle, chopped, Salt and pepper, Refrigerated pastry crust for top of 9inch pie], title: Refrigerator Day Beef Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 40998: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCoat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nArrange zucchini halves, flesh side up, on prepared baking sheet. Drizzle olive oil over zucchini. Season the flesh with salt and black pepper. Season with garlic powder. Sprinkle thyme over top.nRoast 8 to 10 minutes, until tender and golden brown., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 medium to large zucchini, halved lengthwise, 1 tablespoon garlicflavored olive oil or regular olive oil, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Roasted Zucchini with Fresh Thyme, picturelink: null}, 40999: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large saucepan, combine the tomatoes and their juices, tomato paste, garlic powder, salt, pepper, oregano, onions and black beans. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, and then reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, for about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the lasagna noodles and cook to al dente according to package directions. Drain the noodles well.nSpread 1 cup of the prepared sauce in a 9 by 13 by 2inch baking pan. Make three layers each of noodles, sauce and Tofu Ricotta. End with the sauce and make sure the noodles are completely covered or they will dry out during baking. Bake for 45 minutes, uncovered. Allow the dish to stand for 15 minutes before cutting into squares and serving.nAdd the cashews to a food processor and grind them. Then crumble in the tofu, and add the yeast, olive oil and basil. Season with salt and pepper. Store in an airtight container in the fridge until ready to use. Keeps well for at least a week., ingredients: [Two 15ounce cans black beans, rinsed and drained, 8 ounces lasagna noodles, 1 recipe Tofu Ricotta, recipe follows, One 28ounce can fireroasted diced tomatoes, One 12ounce can tomato paste, 1 tablespoon dried oregano leaves, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for pasta, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 14 cup raw cashews, finely ground, 14 ounces extrafirm tofu, drained and pressed see Cooks Note, 14 cup nutritional yeast, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil, or 1 tablespoon dried basil, Salt and pepper], title: Black Bean Lasagna, picturelink: 5OX7JnXkeKOdVRLiEnECr9YYRT6Aiei}, 41000: {instructions: Create a slurry with the cornstarch and Kirsch and set aside briefly. Cut the chilled brie into small pieces.nRub inside of a saucepan with the garlic clove. Over medium heat bring Champagne and lemon juice to a gentle boil. Reduce heat to low and stir in the brie. Blend the cornstarchKirsch slurry into the cheese pot and stir for a couple of minutes until the mixture is smooth and thick. Transfer to a fondue pot over a flame and season with white pepper. Serve with bread cubes on fondue forks., ingredients: [2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons Kirsch, 16 ounces about 2 small wheels brie cheese, chilled, 1 garlic clove, halved, 1 cup dry Champagne, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 18 teaspoon white pepper, 1 baguette loaf, cut into cubes, with each cube having some crust], title: Champagne Brie Fondue, picturelink: null}, 41001: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare a cookie sheet with parchment paper to help with sticky pieces and cleanup.nPeel the eggplant skin off, slice into thin pieces round or oblong and set aside.nPrepare three large mixing bowls. Fill the first mixing bowl with flour. Whisk the eggs in the second mixing bowl. Fill the third mixing bowl with breadcrumbs.nLightly pat the eggplant in the flour on both sides, and then dip into eggs and finally the breadcrumbs. Place the eggplant on the prepared cookie sheet.nLightly drizzle olive oil on the eggplant. If you have a brush, brush the eggplant lightly. It doesnt need a lot of olive oil to get the crispiness. Bake the eggplant until crispy, about 15 minutes.nIn a lasagnastyle baking dish, spread a light blanket of tomato sauce on the bottom. When starting the layers, lay the eggplant down side by side covering the bottom of the pan. It is best to use 12 ounce mozzarella and a little bit of sauce on each eggplant piece to keep it moist. Repeat this two to three times. Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil and place into the oven for 25 minutes. Add more mozzarella to the top of the eggplant during the last 5 minutes of baking it is a great way to avoid the cheese burn., ingredients: [2 eggplants, Whole wheat organic flour, 5 brown omega3 cagefree eggs or egg whites, Italianflavored breadcrumbs or whole wheat breadcrumbs, Olive oil, 3 cups homemade plum tomato sauce, 1 12 cups 2percent mozzarella cheese], title: Allys Eggplant Parmesan, picturelink: e.syJth0sY0UXPtWSjllw63sjsmA8yO}, 41002: {instructions: On a cutting board, cut the tops off the pineapples and discard. Cut a thin slice off the bottom of the pineapple so it will stand steadily on the cutting board. With a large knife, cut off the rind from the pineapples with as little pineapple attached as possible. Cut the pineapple in quarters lengthwise, then into 1inch cubes.nPass the pineapple and melon chunks through a juicer into a large measuring cup. Pass the juice through a fine strainer to remove any froth. Stir in the lime juice. Chill thoroughly before serving. The juice will keep 1 or 2 days in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 2 12pound pineapple, peeled, 1 small about 7 34pound seedless watermelon, cut into quarters, rind removed, flesh cut into 1inch cubes about 16 cups, 12 honeydew melon about 2 12pounds, peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes about 4 cups, 6 cups hulled and quartered strawberries, 1 lime, juiced], title: Caribbean Breeze Brisas del Caribe, picturelink: null}, 41003: {instructions: For the grilled tortillas: Brush each tortilla on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 1 minute on each side. Yield: 8 servings For the Avocado and Grilled Tomatillo salsa: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Yield: 2 cupsnFor the marinade and the chicken breasts: Whisk together all ingredients except olive oil in a large bowl until combined. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Reserve 1 cup of the marinade and set aside. Transfer remaining marinade to a large shallow baking dish, add chicken breast and turn to coat completely. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour in the refrigerator, turning once.nPreheat grill. Remove chicken from marinade and season on both sides with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the breasts, skinside down, for 4 minutes or until golden brown. Turn the breasts over and baste with some of the reserved marinade and cook for 4 minutes. Baste, turn and baste again, cover the grill and cook the breasts for 4 more minutes. Repeat the process once more for a total grilling time of 16 minutes, or until the chicken is wellbrowned and cook through. Remove the chicken to a platter, cover and let sit 10 minutes. Serve with Grilled Tortillas and AvocadoTomatillo Salsa on the side., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 16 6inch flour tortillas, 3 large, ripe Haas avocado, peeled and coarsely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 3 tomatillos, husked, washed and coarsely chopped, 1 jalapeno, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 1 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons paprika, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 cup olive oil, 8 chicken breasts, bone in, skin on, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Red ChileCitrus Marinated Chicken Breasts with Grilled Tortillas and AvocadoTomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 41004: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 365 degrees F. Line a sheet tray with paper towels.nCut the potatoes using the thin julienne attachment of a mandolin. Rinse the potatoes in water, then spin dry in a salad spinner. Make sure the potatoes are dry so they dont spatter in the hot oil. Fry in batches until crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the cooked fries with a slotted spoon and drain on the prepared sheet tray. Season with salt immediately. Make sure the oil heats back to 365 degrees F between batches of fries. Repeat for the remaining potatoes.nIn a bowl, mix the mayonnaise, garlic and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with the fries., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 3 large Idaho potatoes, peeled, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Shoestring Potatoes with Garlic Mayo, picturelink: null}, 41005: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring the cream just to a simmer over mediumlow to low heat. Pour the cream over the chocolate in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let stand about 10 minutes to melt the chocolate.nAdd the vanilla and stir until smooth. Set aside to cool to room temperature, 30 minutes to 1 hour.nThen beat the chocolate at medium speed, using an electric mixer, until it is thick and light colored. If the chocolate has cooled enough, it will be ready to form truffles right away. If the chocolate is still too soft to hold its shape when rolled in a ball, spread over the bottom of a baking dish and smooth the top. Refrigerate until firmed, but still scoopable, up to 2 hours.nPour the cocoa powder onto a deep plate or shallow bowl. Use a melon baller or small ice cream scoop to scoop out balls of chocolate and gently roll into a ball. Place them on the plate with the cocoa powder and roll between 2 forks to completely coat with the cocoa powder. Then use the forks to carefully transfer them to a baking sheet lined with parchment or waxed paper.nIf making the truffles a day or two ahead of time, let them stand at room temperature for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces goodquality 70 percent bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup cocoa powder, for dusting], title: Dark Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: suaTkM3xSk8iQqJq4JYRP1G8DzSWKi}, 41006: {instructions: Mince garlic and gingerroot. Finely chop chilies. In a deep 12inch heavy skillet cook onions in oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until edges are browned. Add garlic, gingerroot, chilies, and remaining ingredients except coconut milk and prawns or shrimp and cook over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, 8 minutes. Stir in coconut milk and remove skillet from heat. Sauce may be made days ahead and cooled completely before being chilled, covered. Shell prawns or shrimp, leaving tails and first shell segments intact, and devein if desired. Bring sauce to a boil, stirring. Add prawns or shrimp and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until just cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, 12inch peeled fresh gingerroot, 3 fresh hot green chilies, serrano, 2 12 cups thinly sliced onion, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 14  ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 2 pounds jumbo tiger prawns or jumbo shrimp about 24 shelled and deveined], title: Coconut Tiger Prawn Curry, picturelink: null}, 41007: {instructions: Place the rack in the upper third of the oven and turn on the broiler. Spread both sides of each slice of bread lightly with the herb oil. Arrange the slices on 2 baking sheets. Broil 1 sheet at a time for about 1 to 2 minutes until the slices are golden brown. Turn the slices over and toast the other side of the bread. Spread the tapenade onto the crostini and serve.nPlace the rosemary and the olive oil in a blender and cover. Blend on high speed until the rosemary has been ground into small pieces. Add the tarragon and thyme and continue blending until all the herbs have been broken down into small pieces. Pour into an airtight container and store in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 large baquette, about 26 inches long, sliced on the diagonal into 13inch thick slices, 4 to 6 tablespoons Homemade Herb Oil, recipe follows, 1 package store bought olive tapenade, 1 cup rosemary leaves, stems removed, 2 cups olive oil, 12 cup tarragon leaves, 14 cup thyme leaves], title: Tapenade on Crostini, picturelink: null}, 41008: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the hot sauce, butter and garlic in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat. Cook until slightly thick, about 15 minutes. Discard the garlic.n2. Remove the meat from the chicken, discard the skin and shred the meat into small pieces you should have about 2 cups. Toss in a bowl with 12 cup sauce. Whisk 13 cup heavy cream and the blue cheese in another bowl to combine.n3. Spread the tortilla chips in an even layer on a large pizza pan or ovenproof skillet lined with parchment paper. Scatter the chicken on top, and then spoon 14 cup more sauce over the meat and chips. Sprinkle the sliced celery and Cheddar evenly over everything. Dollop half of the blue cheese sauce over top, reserving the rest for additional topping. Bake until hot and the cheeses melt, about 10 minutes.n4. Top with the celery leaves. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon heavy cream to the reserved blue cheese sauce and drizzle over the finished nachos., ingredients: [34 cup hot sauce, such as Franks RedHot, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 rotisserie chicken, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, softened, 6 ounces lowsodium or unsalted tortilla chips about 7 cups, 1 stalk celery, split lengthwise and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped celery leaves, 1 cup shredded white Cheddar], title: Buffalo Nachos, picturelink: X3989vjJKkvqhWAHK1qUPTifloYa9o6}, 41009: {instructions: Whisk together the mayonnaise and butter in a bowl. Whisk in the honey and lemon juice. Stir in the garlic, dried parsley, horseradish, mustard, pepper and lemon zest and mix well.nUse grill paint for seasoning meat and poultry. Brush it on steak, chicken or pork before grilling., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and lightly cooled but not hardened, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon dried parsley, 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest], title: Herschels Grill Paint, picturelink: null}, 41010: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPrepare all vegetables and place in a large bowl. Cover generously with olive oil and Fennel Spice Rub. Cover and toss well to combine.nHeat a very large ovenproof skillet over high heat. Add 14 cup of the olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the carrots and cook for about 1 minute, then add the onions and cook, turning occasionally with tongs, until the vegetables are nicely browned, about 10 minutes. Reduce the heat if needed to keep them from burning.nAdd the fennel bulb, zucchini, additional Fennel Spice Rub or crushed fennel seed, and salt, to taste. Toss well to distribute the seasonings. Drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and toss again. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast until the vegetables are deeply caramelized, 20 to 25 minutes, stirring them occasionally so they cook evenly. Serve immediately.nPut the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a heavy pan over medium heat. Watch carefully, tossing frequently so the seeds toast evenly. When light brown and fragrant, pour the seeds onto a plate to cool. They must be cool before grinding, or they will gum up the blades.nPour the seeds into a blender and add the salt. Blend to a fine powder, shaking the blender occasionally to redistribute the seeds. Store in a tightly sealed glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze., ingredients: [2 large carrots, peeled and cut on the diagonal into 12inch thick slices, 12 pound red onions, each halved and cut into 6 or 8 wedges through the root end, 1 fennel bulb, halved lengthwise and cut into 12inch wide wedges through the core, 2 zucchini, ends trimmed, halved lengthwise, and cut on the diagonal into 12inch thick slices, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 12 tablespoons Fennel Spice, recipe follows, or 1 tablespoon fennel seed, crushed in a mortar or spice grinder, 6 to 8 cloves garlic, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, 1 cup fennel seeds, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, 3 tablespoons kosher salt], title: FennelRoasted Vegetables, picturelink: ben9q34iTuBjKXdffRqm8OzzVKC6u0m}, 41011: {instructions: Heat a grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nAdd the mushrooms and red peppers to a sheet tray, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss to coat. Grill the portobellos for 3 minutes per side, 6 minutes total. Grill the red peppers for 5 minutes per side, 10 minutes total. Remove from the grill and set aside until cool enough to handle.nCut two 4inch pieces of bread, then slice in half lengthwise. Spread the Herbed Cream Cheese Spread on each piece of bread. Pile on the grilled portobellos, red peppers and arugula on 2 slices of the bread and close the sandwiches.nPlace the sandwiches on top of the hot grill pan and place a castiron skillet on top to press. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, and then flip and cook 3 to 4 more minutes on the remaining side. Slice on a diagonal and serve.nAdd the cream cheese, basil, chives and garlic to a bowl of a food processor and pulse until smooth and combined. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed, gills scraped out, sliced horizontally into 2 thin pieces, 1 small red pepper, seeds and ribs removed, quartered, Olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup baby arugula, Herbed Cream Cheese Spread, recipe follows, 1 loaf ciabatta, 4 ounces lowfat cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Portobello Panini, picturelink: 8BnMJtH4IVNT1.p33YwgNiPiu5d3uz2}, 41012: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the olive oil into a large 6quart Dutch oven and set over medium heat. Once hot, add the onion, carrot, celery and salt and sweat until the onions are translucent, approximately 6 to 7 minutes. Add the lentils, tomatoes, broth, coriander, cumin and grains of paradise and stir to combine. Increase the heat to high and bring just to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook at a low simmer until the lentils are tender, approximately 35 to 40 minutes. Using a stick blender, puree to your preferred consistency. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 12 cup finely chopped carrot, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 pound lentils, picked and rinsed, 1 cup peeled and chopped tomatoes, 2 quarts chicken or vegetable broth, 12 teaspoon freshly ground coriander, 12 teaspoon freshly ground toasted cumin, 12 teaspoon freshly ground grains of paradise], title: Lentil Soup, picturelink: 0uS20vNcYSxfphxgMDE0wPCEuT1.fNa}, 41013: {instructions: Vinaigrette:nIn medium bowl, whisk vinegar, mustard, honey and oil. Add olives, salt, pepper and dried oregano. Combine thoroughly and refrigerate until chilled about 1 hour.nGoat cheese:nSlice goat cheese and roll 1inch balls. Combine almonds and paprika in a shallow bowl. Roll balls in paprika almond mix until completely covered on all sides.nSalad:nRinse radicchio and cut into narrow slices. Put sliced radicchio into large bowl and slowly add vinaigrette dressing, coating the salad entirely. Top with goat cheese balls as you would with croutons., ingredients: [14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup chopped black olives, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 5 ounces plain goat cheese, 12 cup finely chopped almonds, 12 teaspoon paprika, 3 small heads radicchio], title: Radicchio Salad with Black Olive Vinaigrette and Almond Crusted Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 41014: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two 8by2inchround cake pans and dust with flour, tapping out the excess. Combine the chocolate, milk and 12 cup water in a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until the chocolate is melted whisk until smooth, then let cool. Meanwhile, sift the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt into a large bowl set aside.nBeat the butter in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until creamy, about 4 minutes. Add the vegetable oil, brown sugar, granulated sugar and vanilla beat until fluffy, about 4 more minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the flour mixture in three batches, alternating with the melted chocolate mixture beat until just incorporated.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans and smooth the tops. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool 20 minutes in the pans, then run a knife around the edges and invert onto a rack to cool completely.nReheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil. Using a long serrated knife, cut each cake in half crosswise to make 4 layers. Crumble one of the layers into small pieces on the baking sheet. Bake until dry, about 20 minutes let cool completely. Cover with parchment paper and crush with the bottom of a saucepan to make coarse crumbs set aside.nMake the frosting: Combine the chocolate, corn syrup and 12 cup hot water in a large heatproof bowl set over a pot of simmering water stir until melted, about 5 minutes. Remove the bowl from the pot and let cool 10 minutes. Transfer to a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and start beating on high speed beat in the vanilla, then the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, until fluffy. Gradually add the confectioners sugar and beat until creamy. Refrigerate, stirring occasionally, until thick enough to spread, about 10 minutes. If the frosting is too thick, microwave in 10second intervals for up to 30 seconds to soften.nPut one cake layer on a platter spread 1 heaping cup frosting on top. Add another cake layer, more frosting and the last cake layer. Cover the top and sides with the remaining frosting. Press the reserved cake crumbs all over the cake.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pans, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pans, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 12 cups whole milk, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder not Dutchprocess, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 cups packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, For the frosting:, 24 ounces semisweet chocolate, roughly chopped, 13 cup light corn syrup, 2 12 sticks 20 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar], title: Blackout Cake with Chocolate Crunch, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 41015: {instructions: Whisk 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon each fresh lime juice and orange juice, 1 minced shallot and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add 2 diced avocados, 1 12 cups cubed jicama or radishes, 12 cup each cubed mango and pineapple and 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro gently toss. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Avocado Salad, picturelink: 7HzkjA2PIiNMRWIIRnxDD14M0PYgu}, 41016: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 to 10 cups mesquite wood chips Small spray bottlenPrepare the ribs see below. Combine the brown sugar, chili powder, paprika, cumin, mustard powder and 2 tablespoons salt in a small bowl. Rub the ribs all over with the cut sides of the lemon and then the spice mixture and place in a large roasting pan or resealable plastic bag. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.nMeanwhile, soak the wood chips in water 1 hour, then prepare your grill for smoking, filling the smoker box with onequarter each of the wood chips and apple.nAbout 30 minutes before smoking, remove the ribs from the refrigerator and let stand at room temperature. Meanwhile, combine the apple juice, Worcestershire sauce and vinegar in a small spray bottle. Shake to mix.nOnce the grill reaches 250 degrees F, lightly brush the grates with vegetable oil and place the ribs on the cooler side of the grill, meatside up. Spray with the apple juice mixture. Close the grill and let smoke 1 hour.nReplenish the smoker box with another onequarter each of the wood chips and apple. Flip the ribs so theyre meatside down with the opposite edge of the racks closer to the smoker box. Spray with the apple juice mixture close the grill and let smoke 1 more hour. Repeat this process every hour until the ribs are dark brown and tender and the meat starts to shrink away from the bones, about 2 more hours. Remove the ribs from the grill and let rest 5 minutes before slicing.nHow to prep your ribs:nPosition the ribs meatside down. Insert a paring knife under the membrane that covers the back of the rack. Loosen the membrane with the knife. Grab the membrane with your fingers and peel off completely., ingredients: [2 racks baby back ribs about 3 pounds each, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, Kosher salt, 1 lemon, halved, 1 apple, quartered, 1 cup apple juice or cider, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, Vegetable oil, for brushing], title: Smoked Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 41017: {instructions: Combine berries, sugar and lemon juice in a saucepan and bring to a simmer. Mash some of the berries with a fork to release juices. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 cup frozen blueberries, 3 tablespoons sugar, Juice of half a lemon], title: Blueberry Syrup, picturelink: null}, 41018: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, toss together the carrots, walnuts, pineapple, raisins, and coconut with 12 cup of the flour to coat them and keep them from sinking to the bottom of the cake batter.nSift together the remaining 1 12 cups flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking soda, and salt.nIn a mixer with a whip attachment, mix the eggs and sugar until light and fluffy the ribbon stage then drizzle in the vegetable oil. Fold in the dry ingredients and pour over the carrot mixture. Fold carefully to blend, then pour the batter into a buttered, floured 10 by 3inch cake pan containing a circle of parchment paper in the bottom. Bake until firm to the touch in the center, about 1 to 1 14 hours. Let cool on a rack and then turn out. Dust the top with powdered sugar and cut into wedges to serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups grated carrot, 1 12 cups walnut pieces, 1 cup chopped pineapple, fresh or canned, 1 cup golden raisins, 1 cup shredded coconut, 2 cups flour, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 eggs, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, Powdered sugar], title: Spiced Walnut Carrot Cake with Pineapple, picturelink: LXb7AE4qAW1MCwQAd1F.7f.bHVdTCLu}, 41019: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Pat dry the pork tenderloin and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper, then wrap with the bacon, overlapping the slices.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot, then brown the pork and shallots, 6 to 8 minutes. Flip the pork tenderloin brownedside up and transfer the skillet to the oven. Roast until the pork reaches 145 degrees F in the center, 15 to 18 minutes.nWhen the pork is done, transfer to a cutting board, leaving the shallots in the skillet. Add the cherries and stock to the skillet and bring to a simmer. Stir together the cornstarch and 1 tablespoon water, then add to the skillet, bring to a boil, whisking until sauce is thickened, about 2 minutes. Season the sauce with salt and pepper. Slice the pork into 8 pieces, divide among 4 plates with the sauce, and sprinkle with dill, if desired., ingredients: [1 1pound pork tenderloin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 bacon slices, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 8 shallots, halved, 12 cup dried sour cherries, 34 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, Chopped fresh dill, for garnish, optional], title: BaconWrapped Pork Tenderloin with Sour Cherry Sauce, picturelink: SPOQLgX62ylBIaa6PitUCafmCV5Dqy}, 41020: {instructions: Put oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat when it is hot, add onion and cook until soft, about 10 minutes set aside.nMeanwhile, combine the lentils, ginger, garlic, mustard seeds, cloves, and 1 teaspoon pepper in a saucepan. Add water to cover by about 1 inch, and bring to a boil. Adjust heat so mixture bubbles gently, and cook, stirring occasionally and adding water if necessary, until lentils are tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nSprinkle with salt and more pepper and keep cooking to desired tenderness. Lentils should be saucy but not soupy.nRemove cloves from pan and add reserved sauteed onion. Stir in butter if you are using it. Taste and adjust seasoning, then garnish with cilantro and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 cup dried red lentils, washed and picked over, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 2 cloves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Salt, 2 tablespoons cold butter, optional, Chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for serving], title: Spiced Red Lentil Dal, picturelink: null}, 41021: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven 350F. Pulse flour, 23 cup sugar, espresso powder, baking powder, and salt in a food processor. Add butter and pulse until mixture is sandy. Transfer to a large bowl.n2. Whisk eggs, water, and vanilla in a small bowl stir into flour mixture until a crumbly dough forms. Press together and knead to a moist, uniform dough. Knead in cashews.n3. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Divide dough in half and place on prepared baking sheet. Shape dough into two 11 by 2inch logs, keeping 3 inches between logs. Brush each log with egg white and sprinkle 2 teaspoons sugar over top and sides of each. Bake for 30 minutes.n4. Cool biscotti for 5 minutes on baking sheet. Transfer logs to a cutting board and, cut 12inch thick slices using a sharp serrated knife. Lay on baking sheet and bake, turning halfway through, for 25 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 23 cup plus 4 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon water, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups toasted cashews, 1 large egg white, lightly beaten], title: Coffee Cashew Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 41022: {instructions: Cut 1 pound pizza dough into 8 pieces. Roll each into a 12inchlong rope and wrap around a hot dog. Arrange on a lightly oiled baking sheet, loosely cover and set aside at room temperature until puffy, 45 minutes. Bring 3 quarts water, 12 cup baking soda and 2 tablespoons kosher salt to a boil. Boil the wrapped dogs in batches, turning once, 1 minute. Transfer to baking sheet brush with beaten egg, sprinkle with kosher salt and bake at 400 degrees F until browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve with mustard., ingredients: [], title: Bulldogs in a Pretzel Blanket, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 41023: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a cast iron skillet over medium heat. When the pan is hot, add the olive oil and heat. Add the peppers and cook until they start to caramelize, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the tomatoes and cook for 2 minutes.nBreak the eggs into a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper and whisk well. Add the eggs to the pepper mixture and stir constantly until curds start to form. Cook until the mixture has begun to set but is still fairly wet.nRemove from the heat and scatter the olives and Serrano ham over the top. Place in the oven and cook for 5 minutes, or just it is mostly set, but still a little bit moist. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with the basil. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and let sit for 5 minutes. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 14 cup small diced red peppers, 2 tablespoons small diced yellow peppers, 14 cup small diced green peppers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup peeled, seeded, and small diced tomatoes, 8 large eggs, 14 cup pitted black olives, 3 thin slices Serrano or prosciutto ham, sliced into thin ribbons, 6 leaves basil, chiffonade], title: Spanish OpenFaced Omelet, picturelink: null}, 41024: {instructions: Fill 4 tall glasses threequarters of the way with ice. Pour 12 teaspoon grenadine into each glass. Combine 1 cup tequila, 1 cup grapefruit juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons superfine sugar and a pinch of salt in a cocktail shaker. Shake well, then pour into the glasses. Top each drink with 14 cup grapefruit soda., ingredients: [Photograph my Andrew Mccaul], title: Paloma Margaritas, picturelink: jQ7Q6L9r4VVQvAygZ2I0J6jD0tX0NgW}, 41025: {instructions: In a medium saucepot, melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add ham, celery, onions, and green peppers. Saute until celery is soft, about 5 minutes.nAdd remaining ingredients and stir until rice is evenly distributed. Bring to boil. Cover and simmer for 30 minutes, or until all liquid is absorbed., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 pound diced ham, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 1 cup frozen chopped onions, 1 cup frozen chopped green peppers, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes with green peppers, celery, and onion recommended: Hunts, 1 14ounce jar pasta sauce, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 dashes hot sauce, or more if needed, 1 12 cups converted longgrain rice recommended: Uncle Bens], title: Red Rice, picturelink: q.HUsdkVAWoF6OOEBeDEFM9V6a45VBG}, 41026: {instructions: Melt 2 sticks butter over medium heat until browned, then cool. Beat the browned butter, 34 cup dark brown sugar and 34 cup granulated sugar until fluffy beat in 1 teaspoon vanilla and 2 eggs. Whisk 2 12 cups flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda and 1 teaspoon salt, then stir into the butter mixture. Add 34 cup oats and 1 cup golden raisins and chill 30 minutes. Drop by tablespoonfuls and bake 12 to 15 minutes at 350 degrees., ingredients: [], title: BrownButter Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: Y638aZPM8q97vBnLG1XHAsEspF3E7BW}, 41027: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine oil, basil, salt and pepper in a blender and blend for 1 minute. Strain into a bowl, discard solidsnCombine tomatoes and onion in a bowl, add a few tablespoons of the basil oil and season with salt and pepper. Reserve remaining basil oil for Shrimp recipe.nHeat grill to medium heat. Brush avocado with oil on grill and season with salt and pepper. Grill cut side down until lightly golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove to a platter, cut side up. Place some of the tomato mixture on top of each avocado, drizzle with more of the oil and sprinkle with the pine nuts and cheese. Garnish with basil leaves., ingredients: [34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 16 basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ripe beef steak tomatoes, halves and seeded and finely diced, 12 small red onion, 2 ripe Hass avocados, halved and peeled and pitted, Canola oil, 14 cup pine nuts, lightly toasted, 14 cup cotija cheese, grated, Basil leaves], title: Grilled Avocado and Tomatoes, Basil Oil and Cotija Cheese with Pine Nuts, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 41028: {instructions: Combine 3 tablespoons each lime juice and finely chopped dates or currants and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large bowl let stand 10 minutes. Cut 1 medium carrot and 1 pound peeled jicama into matchsticks. Add the vegetables to the date mixture, season with salt and toss to coat. Stir in some torn mint.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: JicamaCarrot Slaw, picturelink: RJz1k4.fiYf9QKJVC0BCscQZOvgTfC}, 41029: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with baking papers and set aside.n2. Stir flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, and salt together in a medium bowl using a whisk. Set aside. Whisk eggs, buttermilk, butter, and vanilla together in a medium bowl. Fold egg mixture into dry ingredients using a rubber spatula, mixing just until batter forms but remains slightly lumpy. Fold in blackberries.n3. Divide batter among muffin cups, sprinkle with sugar, and bake on top shelf of oven until muffins are golden and a wooden toothpick inserted in center tests clean, about 20 minutes. Release muffins from tin and transfer to a cooling rack serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 12 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 whole large egg, plus 1 yolk, lightly beaten, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup fresh blackberries], title: BlackberryCorn Muffins, picturelink: null}, 41030: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPut 23 of the broccoli in a large bowl with the olive oil and orange juice season with salt and pepper and toss well to coat. Transfer the broccoli to a large rimmed baking sheet in 1 layer and roast until just tender with golden brown edges, approximately 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, pour the cream into a medium heavybottomed saucepan, add the remaining broccoli, garlic, and orange zest and bring to a gentle simmer over mediumlow heat. Cook until the cream has reduced to half its original volume and the broccoli is cooked through, about 10 minutes.nWith a handheld immersion blender, potato masher, or food processor, blend or pulse the cream and broccoli mixture until coarsely blended and still a bit chunky. Gently fold in the roasted broccoli taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve warm., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh broccoli, florets removed, about 2 large bunches, divided, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons orange zest, plus juice from 1 large orange, Coarse salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 large garlic cloves, peeled and smashed], title: Creamy Roasted Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 41031: {instructions: Preheat grill or broiler. Season chicken to taste with salt and pepper, and lightly brush with olive oil. Grill or broil, skinside down first, about 10 minutes per side.nMelt butter in a medium skillet over moderate heat. Cook onions with salt and pepper until soft and clear. Add garlic and paprika, and cook an additional minute, stirring constantly. Add remaining ingredients, bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook, uncovered, about 5 minutes.nPlace chicken over individual beds of bulgur wheat, rice or pasta. Ladle on sauce and serve., ingredients: [6 whole chicken legs with thighs, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped, 2 yellow bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped, 2 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 tomato, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 14 cups chicken stock], title: Chicken with Roasted Peppers, picturelink: null}, 41032: {instructions: Cut the fillets into bitesize pieces. Cut the shrimp in half lengthwise. Place in a shallow, nonreactive bowl and set aside.nCombine the tomatoes, onion, cilantro, garlic, chile, lime juice, oil, salt and pepper in a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Process until smooth. Pour over fish and allow to marinate for 1 hour.nPlace marinated fish in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the bell peppers and fish stock. Bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer for about 10 minutes or until fish is cooked through. Serve immediately with rice, if desired., ingredients: [2 12 pounds boneless fillets of any firm whitefish, 12 pound small shrimp, peeled, deveined, and tails removed, 3 cups canned tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 2 cups chopped onions, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded, and chopped, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and diced, 1 green bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and diced, 12 cup fish stock or water], title: Brazilian Fish Stew, picturelink: null}, 41033: {instructions: In a 4quart saucepan, bring the water and smoked turkey to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for 1 hour.nWhile the turkey is cooking, wipe the collards with a damp towel, then wash 2 or 3 times or until all the dirt and grit has been removed. Chop the greens into 14inch pieces you will have 10 cups of chopped greens.nAdd the collards, oil, salt, black pepper, sugar and red pepper flakes to the saucepan. Return to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes longer. Discard the turkey before serving, or chop the turkey meat and add it to the collards., ingredients: [3 cups water, 12 pound smoked turkey wings or neck, 1 12 pounds collard greens, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Sylvias Collard Greens with Smoked Turkey, picturelink: null}, 41034: {instructions: Place in potatoes, curry powder, cumin, mustard seeds and salt in boiling water for about 10 min. till potatoes are just done. Let drained potatoes cool.nAdd the parsley, spinach, red pepper, onion, jalapeno, and cucumber and mix. Blend the dressing to taste and add to the salad. Mix and garnish with lemon zest and parsley.nThe recipes for this contest, which were provided by contributors who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes.nBright flavors of Indian spice and fresh herbs, and a cooling Riata dressing playoff one another to make this a colorful family favorite. ., ingredients: [1 12 lbs Yukon potato peeled  cubed, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 cup chopped flat leafed parsley, 12 cup chopped fresh spinach, 12 cup chopped roasted red pepper from a jar or roasted over flame and peeled, 1 small onion chopped fine, 1 fresh jalapeno, chopped fine optional, 12 cup chopped cucumber, 12 cup plain yogurt, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons lemon zest and parsley leaves for garnish], title: Potato Salad Raita, picturelink: null}, 41035: {instructions: I do not bake and I therefore borrow the baking powder and soda from my neighbors. I measure everything with my morning coffee cup and teaspoon that I stir my first cup with. If you bake and have legit measuring devices on hand, you might want to refrain from using them because these waffles rule but only if you make them my way.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet. Mix the ground meat with fennel, paprika, parsley and grill seasoning. Form 8 small 2 to 3inch patties and add to the hot skillet, cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Keep warm.nPreheat a waffle iron.nWarm preserves with cloves, cinnamon, lemon juice and water over low heat. Remove the cloves and cinnamon sticknMix the dry ingredients and chives in a mixing bowl and make a well in the middle. Mix the milk, sour cream, eggs and half the melted butter together then pour into the well. Beat the wet into the dry with a few shift turns but do not over mix the batter. Brush the waffle iron with a little of the remaining butter and cook waffles, keeping then warm and crisp in a low oven. The batter should fill a 4 section iron 3 times, making 12 waffles, 3 per portion. Serve 3 waffles and 2 patties with lingonberry syrup drizzled over top., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound ground pork, chicken or turkey breast, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 2 teaspoons paprika or smoked sweet paprika, A handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, preferred brand Montreal Steak Seasoning, 1 cup lingonberry preserves, A couple cloves, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Splash water, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, A couple pinches salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, A little freshly grated nutmeg, 3 to 4 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 cup milk, 1 cup sour cream, 2 large free range eggs, 4 tablespoons melted butter, divided], title: Savory Sour Cream and Chive Waffles with Sausage and Lingonberry Syrup, picturelink: sFo.bMUyQuUNdYSXJPkXdLpn7vdqXS}, 41036: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a saute pan, preheat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Trim the ends of the Brussels sprouts and split in half from top to bottom. When the oil just begins to smoke, carefully add the halved Brussels sprouts to the pan. Saute until they are slightly crispy and brown, 2 to 3 minutes.nRemove the Brussels sprouts from the pan and let them drain for about 3 minutes on a dry paper towel.nIn a mixing bowl, place the fried sprouts, frisee, Pickled Red Onion, parsley leaves and radishes and toss. Add the cranberries, crumbled pork rind and Tamarind Vinaigrette. Toss well. Season with the cilantro leaves, seasoning, salt and pepper. Toss again.nArrange the salad in a long oval salad bowl. Bring the cilantro leaves to the top of the salad.nGarnish with the manchego cheese grated over the salad.nCombine the vinegar, 14 cup water, the sugar, oregano, salt, black pepper, pepper flakes, cloves and bay leaf in a heavy medium saucepan and set it over mediumhigh heat. Bring the mixture to a boil, and then add the onion slices, separating them into individual rings. Let the mixture come back to a boil, and then reduce the heat and cook until the onions soften and wilt, 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove the saucepan from the heat, cover and let the mixture cool completely. Transfer the onions and their pickling liquid to a quartsize glass jar or divide among plastic containers. Cover and refrigerate for up to 2 weeks.nAdd the puree, vinegar and salt to a metal bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 cups Brussels sprouts, 34 cup frisee, 1 tablespoon julienned Pickled Red Onions, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley leaves, 1 radish, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh cranberries, soaked in red wine, 2 tablespoons crumbled pork rind, 2 tablespoons Tamarind Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves, 12 teaspoon chile seasoning powder, such as Tajin, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch fresh ground pepper, 1 tablespoon finely grated manchego cheese, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 34 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon dried oregano preferably Mexican, 14 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, Pinch dried red pepper flakes, 2 whole cloves, 1 bay leaf, 12 large red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup tamarind puree, 2 tablespoons red wine or sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Fried Brussels Sprout Salad, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 41037: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSaute onion in hot oil in a 10inch castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat 3 to 4 minutes or until tender. Stir in beans and next 8 ingredients. Bring to a boil reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 15 minutes.nCombine baking mix, egg, and milk in a medium bowl, stirring until smooth. Fold in 12 cup cheese and 14 cup cilantro pour over simmering chicken mixture.nBake for 20 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in topping comes out clean. Sprinkle with remaining 12 cup cheese and remaining 14 cup cilantro. Sprinkle avocado slices with lime juice, and arrange over cobbler. Serve with sour cream., ingredients: [1 medium onion, sliced, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, One 10ounce can diced tomatoes and onions with lime juice and cilantro, One 10ounce can enchilada sauce, 2 cups cubed cooked chicken, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground pepper, 1 12 cups allpurpose baking mix, 1 large egg, 23 cup milk, 1 cup 4 ounces shredded extrasharp Cheddar, divided, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, divided, 2 avocados, sliced, 1 tablespoon lime juice, Sour cream], title: Spicy TexMex Chicken Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 41038: {instructions: Whisk the ricotta cheese in a mixing bowl until creamy. Then add the pepper and lemon zest. Mix well and plate. Top with more lemon zest and pepper. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [1 pound450 g fresh sheeps milk ricotta cheese, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated zest of 1 lemon, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Antipasto di Ricotta: Simple Ricotta Antipasto, picturelink: null}, 41039: {instructions: To prepare the marmalade, bring the onions and stock to a simmer in a heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and let gently simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.nMeanwhile, put the cream in a small heavybottomed saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes or until the cream reduces by half.nUncover the onions, add the salt and pepper, and increase the heat to medium. Cook the onions, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes or until the liquid begins to get syrupy. The onions should be very slightly browned. Stir in the reduced cream and simmer for about 20 minutes or until the mixture is a little thicker than heavy cream.nAdd the vinegar, stir to combine well, and simmer for 1 to 2 minutes to meld the flavors. Keep warm while cooking the fish. Cooled and then tightly covered, the marmalade will keep in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 days.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRinse the flounder and pat dry. In a shallow plate, combine the flour, salt, and pepper. Dredge both sides of the flounder in the seasoned flour, shaking to remove the excess.nHeat the oil and butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until the butter begins to sizzle. One at a time, carefully lay the flounder in the skillet, whiteskin side down. After 2 minutes, sneak a peak at the bottom side to make sure it is browning without burning, but dont be timida nice nutty brown is good. Carefully turn the flounder with a spatula and cook about 2 minutes or until browned. Transfer the fish to a baking sheet large enough to hold them all in a single layer.nRoast the flounder in the top third of the preheated oven for 6 to 8 minutes, depending on their size. Look closely: the inside of the fish should be just flaky and opaque. It is important not to overcook them. While the fish are roasting, warm the marmalade to a simmer. Place the fish on warm serving plates, top with the warm sauce, and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cups finely sliced Wadmalaw Sweets or other sweet onions, such as Vidalia or Maui about 3 pounds, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 4 12 to 18ounce dressed baby flounders, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup peanut oil, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Whole Roasted Baby Flounder with Sweet Onion Marmalade, picturelink: null}, 41040: {instructions: Cut the scallops in half two halfcircles and transfer to a medium bowl season with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Add the olive oil, thyme and parsley and toss to coat cover and refrigerate until ready to cook.nGenerously butter the insides of the rolls. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the rolls, butteredside down, and toast until golden, about 3 minutes. Remove to a plate and let cool, then tuck 2 lettuce leaves into each.nHeat the skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the scallops in a single layer. Cook, undisturbed, until golden on one side, about 3 minutes. Flip the scallops and add the remaining 3 tablespoons butter to the pan, swirling to distribute the butter. Tilt the pan slightly and spoon the butter over the scallops until they are cooked through and the butter begins to brown and smell nutty, about 3 more minutes. Add the lemon juice and toss.nDivide the scallops among the rolls and drizzle with the browned butter. Sprinkle with the chopped herbs and serve with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 pound sea scallops about 16, foot muscles removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 sprigs thyme, leaves stripped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the rolls, 4 potato hot dog rolls, 8 leaves Boston or Bibb lettuce, Juice of 12 lemon, plus wedges for serving, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chervil or tarragon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: Brown Butter Scallop Rolls, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 41041: {instructions: Stem and core cabbage and cut into 12inch pieces. Heat the oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the mustard seeds and cover the pan with a lid. When the spluttering of the seeds begins to subside, uncover and add cabbage. Sprinkle turmeric and red pepper, if you are using it, over the cabbage. Saute turning and tossing until the cabbage wilts. Stir in the salt and cover the pan. Lower the heat and steam cabbage in its own vapor until cooked, about 10 minutes. Uncover and toss in the coconut and cilantro., ingredients: [12 small cabbage about one pound, 1 tablespoon of light vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon of black mustard seeds, 14 teaspoon of turmeric, 14 teaspoon of ground red pepper optional, Coarse salt to taste, 14 cup of shredded unsweetened coconut, 14 cup of chopped cilantro leaves and tender stems], title: StirFried Cabbage with Spices Porial, picturelink: null}, 41042: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill to medium heat.nCombine the vinegar, a splash of water, the shallots, mustard, mayonnaise and tarragon in a blender and puree until smooth. With the motor still running, slowly pour in the oil and blend until the vinaigrette has emulsified. Adjust the seasoning with salt and black pepper, to taste.nBrush the potatoes with some canola oil and season them with salt and black pepper, to taste. Grill them, cut side down, until they are lightly golden, then turn them over and continue grilling until they are just cooked through. Transfer them to a platter and immediately drizzle with the vinaigrette. Garnish with a few tarragon leaves and serve., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, Water, as needed, 1 tablespoon chopped shallot, 1 tablespoon mustard, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, plus leaves for garnish, 12 cup canola oil, plus more as needed, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 fingerling potatoes, parboiled and halved], title: Grilled Fingerling Potatoes with Creamy Tarragon Vinaigrette, picturelink: 7YIZXZQuJ6bDaDEnqQMyhIu9CXvUe}, 41043: {instructions: Preheat grill to 350 degrees F.nQuarter red and green pepper, then place them on the grill, cooking until tender. Once grill marks are formed, remove peppers from grill and set aside. Boil elbow macaroni in salted boiling water until al dente  drain and set aside. In a large saucepan over medium heat, melt butter and then whisk in flour to thicken, about 1 minute. Add 1 cup milk and whisk in. Begin adding cheeses 1 at a time, thoroughly whisking each cheese. If sauce becomes too thick, add remaining cup of milk. Once all cheeses are blended add salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, grilled peppers, jalapeno pepper and stir to combine. Add elbows to mixture and stir again. Once combined well, add to a cast iron 9 by 13inch rectangle casserole dish, and sprinkle top with bread crumbs and an additional 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper. Place on grill for 12 minutes. Let stand a few minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 red pepper, 1 green pepper, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 12 stick salted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup grated Asiago cheese, 1 cup Monterey Jack cheese, 12 cup white Cheddar, 12 cup ParmigianoReggiano, 1 12 cups yellow sharp Cheddar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, plus 12 teaspoon, 12 jalapeno pepper, thinly sliced, 14 cup seasoned bread crumbs], title: Robin Kourys Grilled MacnCheese, picturelink: WqbjF0HYU9UnimKeEEtfe79mz5abim}, 41044: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chowder: In a 6quart pot lined with a pasta basket or pasta insert, bring 1 gallon salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the Potato and Chive Gnocchi to the pot and allow to cook for 2 to 3 minutes.nIn a medium saute pan set over medium to low heat, cook the bacon until almost crisp, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and shallots and cook until translucent, about 30 seconds. Add the clams and Clam Stock. At this point remove the gnocchi from the pasta water and add it to the saute pan. Turn the heat to high and reduce the liquid by onethird, about 30 seconds. Add the heavy cream, butter and lemon juice. Continue to cook over high heat until the sauce coats the back of a spoon, about another 30 seconds. Remove from the heat and season with salt and black pepper.nIn a separate, small bowl, combine the celery leaves, lemon juice and olive oil. Toss until coated and season with salt and black pepper.nTo plate, spoon the gnocchi into a bowl and pour sauce over the top. Garnish with Crispy Shallots and top with the dressed celery leaves.nWhile still hot, remove the skins from the potatoes. Pass the potatoes through a ricer or a sieve onto a clean work surface. Mix the riced potatoes, butter, olive oil, salt, pepper, egg and chives together until fully incorporated. Form the potato mixture into a square and top with the flour. Using a bench scraper, cut the flour into the potato mixture until completely incorporated. The dough should be tender to the touch and just a tiny bit moist. Do not overwork the dough or the gnocchi produced will be tough. Let the dough rest for 20 to 30 minutes, covered with a kitchen towel or plastic wrap.nOnce the dough has rested, divide the dough into 8 pieces. On a lightly floured work surface, make snakes with each piece of dough by using your hands and rolling the dough back and forth. Then, using a bench scraper, cut each length of dough into 12inch pieces. One serving is 15 pieces.nPurge the clams in cold salted water for about 2 hours. This will remove any sand and grit from the clams.nPlace the littleneck clams into a pot with the garlic, carrots, celery, onions, cracked black peppercorns, parsley, thyme and bay leaves. Cover the clams with 1 gallon water, and then cover the pot with foil. Bring to a boil on the stove until the clams have opened, about 10 minutes. Strain all the liquid and pass it through a fine mesh sieve to remove any sand. Reserve the liquid as our clam stock. Then pick all the meat from the clams and reserve for the chowder.nSoak the sliced shallots in the milk for 30 minutes.nHeat oil in a deepfryer to 250 degrees F.nWhile the shallots are soaking, combine the flour, salt, black pepper, cayenne and paprika and mix thoroughly. Then remove the shallots from the milk and squeeze out all the liquid. Lightly coat them with the seasoned flour. Fry the shallots until they are a light golden color, about 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with salt and pepper.nThis recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and makes a large quantity. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use and therefore cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 15 raw Potato and Chive Gnocchi, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon diced applewood smoked bacon, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 10 picked littleneck clams, reserved from Clam Stock, 4 ounces Clam Stock, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Freshly ground black pepper, 10 picked celery heart leaves, 14 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons Crispy Shallots, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 piping hot, freshly baked potatoes, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 whole egg, 12 bunch fresh chives, minced, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 100 live littleneck clams, Kosher salt, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 carrot, peeled and rough chopped, 1 celery stalk, rough chopped, 1 onion, peeled and rough chopped, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, cracked, 5 sprigs fresh parsley, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 bay leaves, 5 shallots, thinly sliced on a Japanese mandoline, 1 cup whole milk, Oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika], title: New EnglandStyle Clam Chowder, picturelink: 1HIVYSg3g7EUmMcWLeuP7sInjzG9dIK}, 41045: {instructions: Slice tenderloin tips down center, careful not to cut all the way through. Pound meat flat with back of knife. Preheat broiler. Drain mushrooms, reserving liquid.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in large frying pan over high heat and add garlic. Cook for 1 minute, to release flavor, then add shallots, chiles and 12 sliced onion. Add 4 ounces sherry, port and 38 cup liquid from mushrooms. Bring marinade to boil.nLay meat fillets in shallow dish, season with salt and pepper and strain marinade over them, reserving vegetables. Return vegetables to pan and add beef stock. Cook on high heat and reduce until syrupy, to about 14 cup. Strain. Rinse out pan and add 1 tablespoon olive oil and add remaining onion. Remove fillets from marinade and dry lightly with paper towels. Add reduced stock, marinade and mushrooms to onions. Reduce. Stir in 14 cup butter and cream. Separately combine 1 teaspoon butter with flour. Add this to sauce to thicken. Add paprika and bring to a boil. Add parsley.nPlace fillets in broiling pan, brush with remaining olive oil and broil for 4 minutes on each side. Cut avocado into quarters, peel and place pieces under broiler with tenderloin.nTo serve, place pieces of avocado on platter, then top each with a tenderloin tip. Add remaining sherry to broiler pan, then mix in simmering sauce. Spoon sauce over meat and avocado pieces., ingredients: [2 pounds tenderloin tips, in 4 evensized pieces, trimmed, 8 ounces dried mushrooms, soaked in 12 cup warm water for 10 minutes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 4 shallots, roughly chopped, 3 serrano chiles, roughly chopped, 4 ounces onion, about 2 small, finely sliced, 6 ounces sherry, 4 ounces Port, 8 ounces beef stock, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 14 cup plus 1 teaspoon salted butter, 14 cup whipping cream, 1 teaspoon flour, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 tablespoons parsley, 1 avocado], title: Tenderloin Tips Jimmy, picturelink: null}, 41046: {instructions: Rim the serving glass in the peanut butterhoney mixture. Next, muddle raspberries at the bottom of the glass and add ice. Pour in vodka, raspberry liqueur and cranberry juice and stir. Garnish with triangle of peanut butter sandwich sliced and wedged on the rim, and toast to the fact that snack time is much more fun as a grownup., ingredients: [1 tablespoon honey mixed with 1 tablespoon peanut butter, Handful raspberries, Ice, 2 ounces raspberry vodka, 1 ounce raspberry liqueur, 4 ounces cranberry juice, 1 triangle peanut butter sandwich for perching on the rim], title: Peanut Butter and Jealous Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 41047: {instructions: In saucepan, bring lemon juice, milk, 5 Tbs. olive oil, salt and lemon peel to a boil.nWith wooden spoon, vigorously stir in all the flour until dough forms a ball. Beat in eggs, one at a time, incorporating each completely. Set aside.nPour olive oil into large skillet to reach depth of 2 inches. Heat to 375 degrees F. Pinch off 1inch pieces of dough and carefully lower into hot oil using slotted spoon. Fry until deep golden, about 1 minute. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Dust with sugar. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 cup lemon juice, 12 cup whole milk, 5 Tbs. STAR Extra Light Olive Oil plus oil for deepfrying, 14 tsp. salt, 1 Tbs. grated lemon peel, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, Powdered sugar], title: Lemon Bunuelos, picturelink: Fcxb7jzr8XQwnA1qFM2KfWS6ooIB.}, 41048: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWith aluminum foil, line large sheet pan 11.5 by 15inches so it completely covers the tray. Leave about 12 to 14 inches of excess foil extended over the tray so you can later wrap the fish. Place the cooling rack on the foiled tray allowing for the fish to be elevated.nMake sure the salmon is fully rinsed and patted dry. With your hands, rub olive oil around the outside and inside cavity of the salmon. In a small mixing bowl, add the thyme, oregano, garlic, sea salt, and crab boil seasoning. Mix together until incorporated. Rub the inside and outside of the salmon with the herb mixture. Place salmon on the cooling rack and then cover fish completely with the excess aluminum foil. Place into the oven for 15 minutes.nCheck to see if fish is tender by opening the foil and looking inside the cavity. If there is a light pink color, the fish is ready to serve. If not, keep in the oven for an additional 57 minutes maximum. Once salmon is a light pink color, remove from the oven, cut open aluminum foil.nTo serve, slide a serving spatula between the meat and the bone of the fish. Scoop out and serve., ingredients: [3 pound whole Atlantic or Pacific salmon, 1 handful fresh thyme, 1 handful fresh oregano, 6 cloves, fresh garlic, smashed open, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 14 cup olive oil, Heavy duty aluminum foil, Cooling rack], title: Oven Roasted Whole Sockeye Salmon, picturelink: null}, 41049: {instructions: Prepare grill.nIn a bowl drizzle oil over pepper rings and onion slices, tossing to coat well. Grill peppers and onions on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 3 minutes on each side, or until tender. Alternatively, peppers and onions may be grilled in batches in a hot wellseasoned ridged grill pan over moderatelyhigh heat.nTransfer peppers and onions to a bowl.nGrill bratwurst, turning them, until golden and just cooked through about 160 degrees on an instantread thermometer, 20 minutes.nPut a pair of brats, cut in half lengthwise and stacked on each roll. Top with peppers, onions, pickles and mustard., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 red bell pepper, large, cut into 14inch rings, 1 yellow bell pepper, large, cut into 14inch rings, 1 large onion, cut into 14inch slices, 8 uncooked bratwurst, 4 hard rolls, halved and buttered, optional, Dill pickles, Mustard], title: Grilled Bratwurst with Peppers and Onions, picturelink: null}, 41050: {instructions: Put the banana, yogurt, dates and nutmeg into a blender. Blend on high until the mixture is mostly smooth, about 1 minute. Add the ice cubes and blend until completely smooth. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of cold water if needed to adjust consistency., ingredients: [12 firm slightly underripe medium banana, 13 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 3 Medjool dates, halved and pitted, Large pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup ice cubes], title: Banana Nog Smoothie, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 41051: {instructions: Mix 13 cup nosugaradded fruit preserves with 1 teaspoon cornstarch. Spread into a 2by12inch strip on greased parchment bake 45 minutes at 225 degrees F. Cool, then trim the parchment and roll up., ingredients: [], title: Fruit Leather, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 41052: {instructions: Place potatoes in a pot and cover with cold water. Put a lid on the pot and bring the water up to a boil. Salt water and cook potatoes until tender, 15 minutes.nBring 12inch water to a simmer in a large nonstick skillet. Zest a lemon and reserve. Cut lemon and season the fish the some lemon juice and salt and add to the simmering water. Cover pan and cook fish 8 minutes.nRemove and flake fish into a bowl. Discard water and wipe out pan, returning it to heat over medium flame and add 14 cup vegetable oil. To the fish, add reserved lemon zest, seafood seasoning, celery, onion, thyme, parsley, salt, and pepper to fish. Add egg and 1 cup of the bread crumbs. Form 8 fish patties and toss in remaining bread crumbs to set the patties.nAdd 14 cup vegetable oil to the cleaned out pan and heat over medium flame.nCook patties in the oil for 4 to 5 minutes on each side until golden and reserve under foil or in warm oven. Return skillet to heat again over medium flame and melt in 2 tablespoons of butter then add the red bell peppers and shallots and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Add in flour and cook a minute more. Whisk in broth, thicken, and season with salt and pepper to make savory red pepper gravy.nDrain cooked potatoes and return to hot pot. Add in remaining butter, garlic and 14 cup cream or half  half. Mash and season the potatoes with salt and pepper. Fold in spinach leaves until they all wilt into potatoes.nTo serve, pile spinach mashers on plates and top with patties and gravy., ingredients: [3 large starchy potatoes, peeled and cut cubed, Salt, 1 lemon, 1 14 pounds fresh cod fish, 14 cup vegetable oil, eyeball it, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning blend, recommended: Old Bay 23 palm full, 2 ribs celery and their greens, finely chopped, 1 small yellow skinned onion, peeled and finely chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, a few sprigs, 3 to 4 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, a handful, Black pepper, 1 egg, 2 cups plain bread crumbs, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup cream or halfandhalf, 1 pound triple washed spinach leaves, stemmed and chopped], title: Cod Croquettes, Sweet Red Pepper Gravy, and Mashed Potatoes with Spinach, picturelink: Rt73hrvCFgoyN68c2D7er0IRPCidW82}, 41053: {instructions: In a small saucepan bring 1 cup water to a boil with 1 tablespoon oil, salt to taste, and tumeric. Stir in the couscous, cover and let stand for 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, the lime juice, the jalapeno, the scallion, the orange juice, the cilantro, salt and pepper to taste. Allow the mixture to cool to room temperature. Press about 2 tablespoons of the couscous mixture in the palm of one hand, forming a log, and arrange it across a short end of 1 turkey slice. Arrange 1 avocado slice and 1 pepper strip along each side of the log and roll up the couscous, avocado, bell pepper tightly in the turkey. With a sharp knife cut the roll into 1inch lengths, trimming the ends. Make rolls with the remaining turkey, couscous mixture, avocado and pepper strips in the same manner. The rolls may be prepared 8 hours in advance and kept wrapped in plastic wrap and chilled., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, 12 teaspoon tumeric, 34 cup couscous, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped jalapeno, 14 cup thinly sliced scallion, 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 3 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound thinly sliced smoked turkey, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and cut into thin strips and sprinkled with lime juice, 1 red bell pepper, cut lengthwise into 14inch strips], title: Smoked Turkey and Couscous Rolls, picturelink: null}, 41054: {instructions: Toast the annatto seeds in a heavy saucepan until they just start to smoke. Add the olive oil. When the oil begins to simmer, remove from the heat and allow to cool. Strain the oil and store in an airtight container in a cool, dark place for several months., ingredients: [12 cup annatto seeds, 2 cups pure olive oil], title: Annatto Oil, picturelink: null}, 41055: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel and cut the potatoes into the size and shape of a soap dish. Season with salt and pepper.nSet a saucepan over mediumhigh heat and add some oil. Sear the potatoes in the hot pan on both sides till golden brown. Add the stock until it just covers the potatoes, then add the butter, garlic, sage, rosemary and thyme. Bring to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are golden and tender, 30 to 45 minutes. Hold in the cooking liquid until ready to eat, the longer the better.nSlice and serve sprinkled with a little sea salt and chopped chives., ingredients: [4 Idaho potatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola or olive oil, for searing the potatoes, About 4 cups vegetable, chicken or beef stock, 2 sticks 1 cup butter, 8 cloves garlic, 4 sprigs fresh sage, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, Sea salt, for serving, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Fondant Potatoes, picturelink: KAiGaCzPevHoMZ4xBslz2H1WBrLj3Ky}, 41056: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine the ground beef, red and green peppers, bread crumbs, Dijon mustard, chili powder, hot pepper flakes, onion powder, garlic powder, paprika, black pepper, dried basil, thyme and egg. Mix well. Shape the mixture into 4 patties. In a skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil. Saute Salisbury steaks, about 5 minutes on each side, until golden brown. Remove from pan and keep warm in oven. In the skillet, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Saute the red onions for 3 minutes. Add the apple juice and honey. Saute until onions are golden brown. Serve relish over Salisbury steaks., ingredients: [1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 12 sweet red pepper, finely chopped, 12 green pepper, finely chopped, 12 cup dry bread crumbs, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon hot pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 red onions, chopped, 12 cup apple juice, 2 tablespoons liquid honey], title: Spicy Salisbury Cutlets with Sweet Onion Relish, picturelink: null}, 41057: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBrownie layer: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 8 by 8inch glass baking pan with vegetable oil cooking spray. Line the pan with parchment paper, allowing 2 inches of paper to overhang the sides. Set aside. Spray the parchment paper with vegetable oil cooking spray.nIn a large bowl mix together the water, oil and egg. Add the brownie mix and stir until blended. Stir in the chocolate chips and candy bar pieces. Transfer the batter to the prepared baking pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the brownies comes out with a few moist crumbs attached, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and cool the brownie layer completely in the pan, about 1 12 hours.nIce cream layer: Using a spatula, spread the softened ice cream on top of the brownie layer and freeze until firm, about 4 hours or overnight.nChocolate layer: In a small saucepan, heat the cream over mediumlow heat until hot but not boiling. Remove the pan from the heat and add the chocolate chips. Stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth. Using a spatula, spread the chocolate mixture over the ice cream layer. Freeze for at least 1 hour or until ready to serve.nSauce: Put the strawberries, sugar and lemon juice in a blender and blend until smooth.nTo serve: Remove the layers from the pan and peel away the parchment paper. Cut the layers into squares and drizzle with the strawberry sauce., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 tablespoons water, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 34 cups brownie mix recommended: Duncan Hines Dark Chocolate Fudge, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 1.4ounce milk chocolatetoffee candy bars, coarsely chopped recommended: Heath or Skor, 1 pint dulche de leche or caramel ice cream recommended: HaagenDazs, softened, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 34 cups milk chocolate chips, 1 12ounce bag frozen strawberries, thawed, 13 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: Frozen Brownie Sundaes, picturelink: wqfUbFIGYsMR7uV3fRVR8CvybinV1m}, 41058: {instructions: Puree 2 cans of black beans with 2 cups water in food processor. Heat the lard or other fat in a large saucepan over medium heat. Saute the onions with the salt and cumin until golden, about 10 minutes. Add the beans and continue cooking over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the liquid evaporates and the beans form a creamy mass that pulls away from the bottom and sides of the pan, about 15 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 32ounce cans of black beans, rinsed and drained, 2 cups water, 1 12 tablespoons each unsalted butter and oil, 3 tablespoons lard or vegetable oil, 1 large onion, diced, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon cumin], title: Refried Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 41059: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add vegetables and cook for 3 minutes, or until they have just sweated their moisture. Stir in curry powder and cook for 1 minute. Add wine and simmer 4 minutes. Stir in the stock and cook, for 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Cover and keep warm on back of stove.nReheat vegetable couscous. Wipe snapper fillet dry. Using a sharp knife, score the skin in a crosshatch pattern. Lightly dust with flour and season to taste with salt and pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a 12inch saute pan over medium heat. When very hot but not smoking, add the fillet, skinside down. Raise heat and cook, occasionally tilting pan to distribute fat evenly, for about 6 minutes. Remove from heat and drain on paper towels.nReturn sauce to high heat. Bring to a rolling boil, add 12 tablespoon olive oil, carrot juice, and herbs. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Turn off heat. Place vegetable Italian couscous in shallow soup or pasta plate. Carefully set snapper fillet in the center of couscous. Quickly spoon broth over top and serve.nHeat medium stockpot, add olive oil and saute carrots, celery and red pepper until translucent.nAdd chicken stock or vegetarian stock. Bring to a boil, add couscous and lower heat to a simmer, and cook for 5 to 7 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 medium onion, peeled and minced, 12 stalk celery, peeled and minced, 12 clove fresh garlic, peeled and minced, 12 tablespoon curry powder, 12 cup white wine, 34 cup fish stock or clam broth, Vegetable Italian Couscous, recipe follows, 1 6 to 7ounce red snapper fillet, skin on, Super fine flour, Coarse salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 18 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup carrot extract juice, 1 tablespoon fresh tarragon, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup brunoise carrot, 14 cup brunoise celery, 14 cup brunoise red pepper, 2 cups chicken stock or vegetarian stock, 12 cup Italian couscous], title: Red Snapper, picturelink: null}, 41060: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix flour and chile. Whisk in soda water until a pancake batter consistency is achieved. Completely coat the crab in the batter. Lightly drop in 350 degree F oil and fry for 4 to 5 minutes until golden brown. Season with salt and drain on paper towels.nIn a nonreactive saucepan, heat the vinegar, chile, salt and sugar until just boiling. Add the cabbage, carrots and garlic and simmer for only 3 minutes. Pull off the stove and let cool. Transfer to a glass container with an air tight lid. Store in refrigerator overnight. Will keep for 3 to 4 weeks as long as you do not introduce bacteria to it, ie. your finger.nPlating: Place a small mound of slaw on the bottom piece of bread. Top with 1 crab and top with a little more slaw. Cover with top piece of bread and slice in half.nDrink Suggestion: Shanghai Beer, ingredients: [2 cups rice flour, 1 teaspoon korean chile flakes kucho karo, 1 quart cold soda water, 4 cleaned soft shell crabs, primes or hotels, 4 mini baguettes or hoagies, lightly toasted, 2 cups rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons korean chile flakes, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon sugar, 1 small head Napa cabbage, 12inch slices about 6 cups, 2 medium carrots, peeled, 2inch fine julienne, 12 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 116inch], title: Soft Shell PoBoy with Kimchi Slaw, picturelink: null}, 41061: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F. Line baking trays with parchment paper or nonstick silicone mats.nPlace the egg whites and sugar in a large metal electricmixer bowl set over simmering water. Whisk constantly until the sugar melts and the mixture is very thin and warm. Remove the bowl from the heat and whisk it with an electric mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form, about 5 minutes. Add the vanilla extract.nDrop the meringue into mounds on the prepared tray with a tablespoon, or fill a disposable piping bag with the meringue and pipe through a star tip.nBake until firm, about 1 hour. Turn off the oven and let the drops continue drying until cooked, about 1 more hour. For a chewier texture, shorten the baking time.nStore in an airtight container., ingredients: [3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Meringue Peaks, picturelink: psqm0UHUi6mX.ZQg88WKzWLrLtUlhvK}, 41062: {instructions: Make the sauce: Combine the butter, hot sauce, maple syrup, paprika and a pinch of salt in a small microwavesafe bowl microwave until the butter melts, about 30 seconds. Whisk to combine. Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium. Whisk the blue cheese, yogurt, lemon juice, 1 tablespoon water, 2 teaspoons of the prepared sauce and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the arugula, celery and carrots and set aside do not toss. Brush the grill with vegetable oil. Season the salmon with salt. Grill, brushing occasionally with the sauce, until marked and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Toss the salad and add salt and pepper to taste. Serve with the salmon and the remaining sauce.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 14 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese, 2 tablespoons lowfat plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 5ounce package baby arugula, 3 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, thinly sliced, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 4 5ounce skinless salmon fillets about 1 inch thick, Freshly ground pepper], title: BuffaloStyle Salmon, picturelink: VazNixTLX9ZGlYTtXSqWcj5cmIArSO}, 41063: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 demitasse cupsnHeat milk in a small pan over moderate heat until it comes to a boil.nIn blender or food processor combine egg, sugar, a pinch of salt, semisweet chips, and liqueur. Run processor or turn on blender to low setting. Pour in boiling milk in a slow stream. The hot milk will cook egg and melt chocolate. Process or blend 1 minute, until smooth.nSpoon chocolate into 4 demitasse cups and chill. After dinner, beat cream until soft peaks form. Add a little sugar and beat to combine. Top the chocolate cups with a dollop of cream and garnish each cup with mint sprigs.nPlace cups on saucers and serve with demitasse spoons. If you use teacups, this recipe will yield 2 cups, rather than 4., ingredients: [23 cup whole milk, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch salt, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur or dark rum, 1 cup whipping cream, Mint sprigs, for garnish, optional], title: Chocolate Cups with Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 41064: {instructions: Special equipment: 3 shallow dishesnPut an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPat the halibut dry with a paper towel. Spread the flour in 1 shallow dish, beat the egg with 2 tablespoons water in another, and put the Parmesan cheese in a third.nHeat a medium ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter or oil and heat until hot but not smoking. Meanwhile, coat the halibut with flour, shaking off the excess repeat with the egg mixture and Parmesan. Add the fish to the pan and cook until golden on both sides, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook until slightly crispy, 4 to 5 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [One 8ounce halibut fillet, about 34inch thick, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, 1 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese, 23 tablespoons clarified butter or vegetable oil], title: Halibut Parmesan, picturelink: zaNfEuYNXYV7yld2EgLhifzmZTX.Tcy}, 41065: {instructions: Combine 8 cups of the milk, sugar and cinnamon in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Simmer, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes.nIn a bowl, combine the egg yolks with the remaining milk. Slowly pour into the milk mixture and simmer, stirring frequently, until it reaches the consistency of a thick sauce, about 10 minutes. Stir in the brandy and remove from heat. Pour into a pitcher and chill., ingredients: [8 12 cups milk, 2 cups sugar, 2 small cinnamon sticks, 8 egg yolks, 1 cup brandy], title: Rompope, picturelink: null}, 41066: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper to taste and saute until golden brown. In a medium saucepan heat remaining oil and butter over medium heat, add the onions and cook until soft. Add the rice and stir to coat with the butter and oil. Add 6 cups of the stock, 1 teaspoon of salt and the porcini powder, bring to a boil, cover, lower the heat and cook until all the liquid is absorbed. Fold in the mushroom mixture, more stock if needed and season with salt and pepper to taste, cook to heat through, 5 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and caps cut 14inch thick, 2 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed and caps cut 14inch thick, 12 pound oyster mushrooms, stems removed and caps cut 14inch thick, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 Spanish onion, finely chopped, 3 cups converted rice, 7 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup porcini mushroom powder], title: Wild Mushroom Rice, picturelink: null}, 41067: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut each ciabatta loaf in half. Brush the inside of each half with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet and set aside.nPrepare the grill and let it burn down to mediumhot coals or set a gas grill to medium heat. Place the bread on the grill, away from direct heat, and grill on both sides until brown and crispy on the outside but still soft within, about 5 minutes.nLeave the mushrooms whole, and toss in a bowl with 12 cup of the olive oil, 1 teaspoon of the thyme, the garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Immediately grill the mushrooms be careful not to allow the flames to flare up and burn the mushrooms, turning at least once, until browned and cooked through, about 7 to 8 minutes.nIn the marinade bowl, add the shallot, 12 cup of olive oil, vinegar, parsley, the remaining 1 teaspoon thyme, and salt and pepper, to taste. Stir well. Let the mushrooms cool, finely chop, and add to the marinade bowl. Toss well. The mushroom vinaigrette may be made a day ahead, covered, and refrigerated, and then brought to room temperature before serving.nSprinkle salt and pepper on both sides of the chicken. Drizzle with a little olive oil.nWhen the coals have burned down to a medium fire, place the chicken on the grill and cook until browned, about 2 minutes. Turn over, move to the edge of the grill away from direct heat, and continue to cook until opaque throughout, about 7 minutes. Remove to a plate.nIn a bowl, toss the arugula with the citrus vinaigrette. Slice the chicken breasts crosswise at a 45 degree angle. Pour any accumulated chicken juices into the mushrooms and stir. Spoon the mushrooms on top of 4 slices of grilled bread and top with the chicken. Divide the arugula among the sandwiches. Place remaining slices of bread on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 individual mini ciabatta loaves, 12 to 34cup extravirgin olive oil plus more for brushing bread, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound mixed fresh mushrooms such as shiitake, morel, chanterelle, and domestic, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, divided, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 3 to 4 cups arugula or watercress], title: Grilled Chicken Sandwich with Grilled Mushroom Vinaigrette, picturelink: 7Ja6x6V6qYjb5msmimePwPWpJG4THUa}, 41068: {instructions: Place butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When the butter turns light brown in color, add shallots and stir for 10 seconds then season with salt and pepper. Add the sherry vinegar. Remove from heat, place in blender. Turn blender on high slowly drizzle in olive oil to create an emulsion. Once all the olive oil is added, turn blender off. Taste for seasoning adjust with salt and pepper, if needed. Add thyme and Italian parsley to blender, quickly pulse to incorporate.nIn a large bowl, toss salad greens with vinaigrette and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 small shallots, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup sherry vinegar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, Bag mixed salad greens], title: Mixed Greens Salad with Brown Butter Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 41069: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nGrill the eggplant over the gas grill or prick and roast in a hot oven until it is extremely soft inside.nWhen cool, split the eggplant open and gently scrape the seeds out, using a melonballer or large spoon. Pull away the skin, drain the liquid, and chop the pulp in 12inch cubes.nGently score the outer skin of the pomegranate into quarters. Place the entire pomegranate in a large bowl filled with water. With your hands under the water, gently pull the skin off and remove the seeds, which will fall to the bottom. Drain off the water, discard the outer skin and fiber, dab the seeds dry, and proceed. Reserve 14 cup of the seeds for garnish.nPlace the remaining seeds over a sieve and press out the juice with your hands. You should have approximately 14 cup juice. Discard the pulp and seeds.nIn a nonmetallic bowl, mix the eggplant with the pomegranate juice, tahina, lemon juice, salt and garlic. Adjust the amount of pomegranate juice and lemon to your taste. In a food processor fitted with a steel blade, pulse the mixture until smooth but not mushy.nSpread mixture on a flat suraface and sprinkle with chopped parsley and the reserved pomegranate seeds, dried cherries, or dried cranberries. Serve with pieces of warm pita for dipping., ingredients: [2 large eggplants about 2 pounds, 1 pomegranate, 3 tablespoons tahina, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, or to taste, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Eggplant Dip with Pomegranate and Tahina, picturelink: SXni0ZtF7yhAZtdRB9B5QZX5nopUoDq}, 41070: {instructions: To pork add 1 minced garlic clove, a few tablespoons of water, a few splashes of soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sugar, and Chinese mushrooms.nClean crabs, drain and plunge into a large pot of boiling water for 30 seconds. Remove, drain and scrub. Snap off claws, crack them and reserve. Twist off apron, separate shell from body and remove gills, small legs and stomach sac. Quarter bodies, leaving roe and tomalley intact.nHeat oil in a wok. Add ginger and garlic, half of scallion and drained black beans. Push aside and add pork mixture. Stirfry, breaking up pork and mixing well with other ingredients. Push aside, add crabs and a few splashes of sherry. Mix together remaining 12 teaspoon sugar, thin soy sauce, stock and cornstarch. Add to wok and stirfry until sauce thickens. Remove from heat. Add eggs and sesame oil. Transfer to a serving platter. Garnish with remaining scallion and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 pound ground pork, 7 garlic cloves, smashed, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 Chinese mushrooms, soaked, drained and sliced, 6 hardshell crabs, such as blue crabs, 2 tablespoons oil, 5 slices ginger, 2 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons fermented black beans, soaked, About 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 1 teaspoon thin soy sauce, 12 cup pork stock, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 eggs, beaten, About 1 tablespoon Chinese toasted sesame oil], title: Crabs with Lobster Sauce, picturelink: null}, 41071: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large skillet, saute squash, mushrooms, tomatoes, red bell pepper, green onion and garlic in oil over medium heat for about 10 minutes or until almost tender. Transfer vegetables to a medium bowl. Sprinkle vegetables with seasoned salt, pepper, and chipotle pepper.nIn a bowl, mix eggs, halfandhalf and cheeses. Pour 23 cup of the egg mixture into the piecrust. Spoon half the vegetables over the egg mixture. Continue layering, ending with egg mixture. Bake 35 to 40 minutes, or until top is golden brown and filling is set. Serve with Chipotle Cream.nMix sour cream, mayonnaise, and chipotle pepper until well blended., ingredients: [4 cups sliced yellow squash, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 5 Roma tomatoes, quartered, 1 sweet red bell pepper, sliced, 12 cup sliced green onion, 3 teaspoons minced garlic, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, freshly ground, 14 teaspoon chipotle pepper powder, 4 eggs, 12 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup grated Asiago, 34 cup grated Romano, 1 unbaked pie shell, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon chipotle pepper powder], title: Summer Garden Pie with Chipotle Cream, picturelink: null}, 41072: {instructions: Mix all ingredients and pour over ice. Garnish with a cherry., ingredients: [34ounce rum recommended: Bacardi, 34ounce raspberry liqueur, 2 ounces sweet and sour mix, 2 ounces lemon lime soda], title: Blueberry Hill, picturelink: null}, 41073: {instructions: Simmer 2 pounds small potatoes in salted water until tender, about 20 minutes drain. Cool slightly, then peel. Heat 1 cup milk with 12 stick butter. Mash the potatoes with the hot milk and stir in 1 cup shredded cheddar. Top with crumbled cooked bacon and sliced scallions.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: BaconCheddar Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: dvGTo250LMCXDnlimm3AUth4I1pNql.}, 41074: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 9inch cake pans with the butter.nIn a large bowl, add the granulated sugar, oil, brown sugar and eggs and mix together. Add the flour, carrots, coconut, walnuts, cinnamon, almond extract, baking powder, salt and pineapple and fold the ingredients together.nPour the batter into the prepared pans and place the pans on a baking sheet. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Place the cakes on a cooling rack until completely cooled, about an hour.nFor the frosting: Meanwhile, in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, add the cream cheese, confectioners sugar, butter and pineapple juice. Mix until smooth and incorporated.nTo frost the cake: Carefully remove the cooled cakes from the pans. Using an offset spatula, place a dollop of the frosting on the cake stand and spread to create a sticky base. Place one layer on the frosting on the cake stand. Thickly frost the entire top of the cake and place the other layer atop the now frosted one. Beginning with the top of the new layer, frost generously. Place a large dollop of frosting on the side of the cake and spin the cake to evenly frost the sides. Garnish with the remaining walnuts., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup canola oil, 1 cup light brown sugar, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 3 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups shredded carrots, 1 12 cups shredded coconut, 1 cup chopped walnuts, plus more for garnish, 3 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon almond extract, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, One 15ounce can pineapple rings, drained reserve the liquid for the frosting and chopped into 12inch pieces, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup reserved pineapple juice from the canned pineapple], title: Davids Favorite Carrot Cake with Pineapple Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: QasaVbTITDSTu7Mtz1mO4BrWcd5DFs6}, 41075: {instructions: In a deep pot, preheat the cooking oil to 345 degrees F. Thoroughly mix 4 cups of the flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic, and 1 teaspoon onion. reserving 2 cups of mixture for dredging. Add beer to mixture, whisking to form lumpfree, smooth batter. Batter should resemble pancake batter  thick enough to coat fish well. Cut the fish into 3 to 4 ounce strips and pat dry using paper towels. Combine the remaining flour and seasoning to dredge the fish.nDip cod strips into reserved flour and remaining seasoning mix, coating completely. Then dip breaded strips into batter, shaking off any excess. Gently place battered fish strips into hot oil. Turn fish when batter is set and cook until golden brown, approximately 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from oil and drain well.nServe fish over chips with remoulade on the side. Garnish with lemon crown and chopped parsley. Salt and malt vinegar to taste.nIn deep pot, preheat the oil to 275 degrees F. Cut potatoes lengthwise, about 12 by 12 by 3 inches. Soak in ice bath and rinse thoroughly to remove starch from potatoes. Strain potatoes and dry thoroughly. Gently place dried potatoes in hot oil, cook approximately 3 to 4 minutes, until texture is rubbery and potatoes are beginning to brown. Remove potatoes from oil and drain well. Turn oil temperature up to 360 degrees F. Once oil has reached 360 degrees F, place blanched potatoes back into oil and cook until golden brown, approximately 6 to 8 minutes. Drain potatoes and season well. Hold in 200 degree F oven to keep warm.nCombine all ingredients in a medium mixing bowl and mix to a smooth consistency. Refrigerate 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 quarts canola oil, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus 2 cups, for dredging, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 12 pints amber ale, 2 12 pounds to 3 pounds cod fillets, trimmed and boned, Chips, recipe follows, Remoulade, recipe follows, Lemon crowns, 2 pounds Idaho baking potatoes, scrubbed thoroughly, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, 2 cups mayonnaise, 3 ounces milk, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons minced red peppers, 2 tablespoons minced green peppers, 2 tablespoons minced yellow peppers, 2 tablespoons minced red onions, 2 tablespoons minced sweet gherkins, 2 tablespoons minced dill pickles, 1 teaspoon minced capers, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, Dash lemon juice, Dash Worcestershire sauce, Dash hot sauce, Salt and pepper], title: Fish and Chips, picturelink: null}, 41076: {instructions: First make a mayonnaise as the base for the remoulade. In a food processor or blender, mix the egg yolk, lemon juice, and mustard, together until smooth. With the food processor or blender running, add the oil in a very thin stream, until the oil is incorporated into the egg and the mayonnaise is thick.nMix in the pickle relish, capers, and parsley, and season with salt, and pepper, to taste.nPeel and grate the celery root. In order to keep the grated celery root from browning, immediately stir it into the remoulade until incorporated. Cover the sauce with plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator until ready to use., ingredients: [1 egg yolk See Disclaimer, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 34 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons pickle relish, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 celery root], title: Celery Root Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 41077: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375. Brush eggplant rounds with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in large non stick skillet and brown eggplant over medium high heat. Remove to a paper towel to drain. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in same large skillet and cook onion and garlic for 3 minutes. Add the ground beef and brown completely. Add the spices, and tomatoes. Bring to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes. In a second non stick skillet, heat 3 tablespoons olive oil and brown potato slices on both sides. Remove to a paper towel to drain and season with salt and pepper. In a buttered baking dish, layer potatoes, meat, eggplant and top with Parmesan. In a medium bowl, combine yogurt, eggs and cream. Season with salt and pepper and pour over casserole. Let casserole sit for 10 minutes and then bake for 30  40 minutes or until golden brown and bubbly. Allow casserole to sit for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 medium eggplant, peeled and sliced into 12 rounds, 34 cup crushed tomatoes, 1 pound potatoes, thinly sliced, Olive oil, 1 cup Parmesan, grated, 1 large onion, minced, 2 cups plain whole yogurt, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 pound ground beef, 34 cup light cream, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, Butter, 12 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Easy Moussaka, picturelink: null}, 41078: {instructions: Preheat the grill to high heat. For the chamomayo: Heat the oil and chamomile flowers over low heat until the chamomile aromatizes and turns golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Strain the oil, discarding the chamomile flowers, and let cool. Combine the vinegar, mustard, salt, sugar and egg yolk in the bowl of a food processor and blend for about 30 seconds. Add the thoroughly cooled oil through the emulsion tube. Voila. Chamomayo. Imagine the possibilities Darjeeling Mayo Matcha mayo Earl Grayo Now for the squids. Slice the squid bodies open lengthwise, and lay flat on a cutting board with the outsides facing up. Gently score the squid with the tip of your knife in a crosshatch pattern, then sprinkle each side with salt and pepper... say one sprinkled pinch per. Dont be shy. Toss the squid in a large bowl with the olive oil, then grill these guys for 2 to 4 minutes per side. I like mine a little underdone, but Im a weirdo like that. Transfer all the squids to a cutting board. Cut them into 12inch rings. You can serve them in a pile and with the mayo on the side. If you want to get fancy and plate these up, slide a chopstick or icedtea spoon up the middle of the rings to plate them in a neater fashion. Serve with lemon wedges, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup soybean, safflower or vegetable oil, 14 cup dried chamomile flowers, pulverized in a spice grinder you can get them from any place that sells looseleaf tea, or rip open a couple of teabags, 2 tablespoons champagne or white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 egg yolk, 4 pounds squid bodies, cleaned any fishmonger that cant get you squids cant be trusted... they come frozen to a fishmonger and are CHEAP, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Lemon wedges, for garnish, optional], title: Grilled Squid with Chamomayo, picturelink: pWYttaDyI4yRyxNA4bFss1puuy2CBQK}, 41079: {instructions: Special equipment: cryovac bagnDice the shrimp and toss with activa, chervil, salt and cayenne to distribute evenly. Place inside a cryovac bag and cook, sous videstyle, at 130 degrees F for 10 minutes. Place in ice bath and slice thinly when completely cooled.nPlace grapefruit juice, agave nectar, versa whip and xanthan gum in a bowl and whisk until it reaches a meringue like texture.nPlace avocado, glucose and lime juice in a blender and process until smooth, slowly drizzle in the olive oil ad season with salt.nPeel and dice the cucumber into a 14inch dice. Toss with salt, citron vinegar and agave nectar. Place inside a cryovac bag and compress.nYield: 4 servingsnArrange the shrimp on the plate and garnish with remaining components., ingredients: [1 pound peeled and deveined shrimp, 3.6 grams activa RM, 2 teaspoon chopped chervil, Salt, Cayenne pepper, to taste, 260 grams grapefruit juice 2 large grapefruits, 10 grams agave nectar, 4 grams versa whip 600k, .65 grams xanthan gum, 1 ripe avocado, 1 teaspoon glucose, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 1 English cucumber, Salt, 1 tablespoon citron vinegar, Agave nectar, to taste, Shaved jalapeno, Micro flowers, Cilantro leaves, Wild char roe, Micro amaranth], title: Shrimp Terrine with Cucumber, Whipped Grapefruit, and Avocado Puree, picturelink: null}, 41080: {instructions: In a large serving bowl, combine the tomatoes, garlic, olive oil, vinegar, red pepper flakes and basil, season with salt. Add the pasta and mozzarella and stir to combine., ingredients: [4 ripe tomatoes, seeded and diced, 4 cloves garlic, finely sliced, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup basil chiffonade, Salt, 1 pound penne, cooked al dente, 12 pound fresh mozzarella, cubed], title: Penne with Summer Tomato Sauce with Fresh Mozzarella and Basil, picturelink: null}, 41081: {instructions: Pulse the vinegar, rum, brown sugar, scallions, garlic, chile, Pickapeppa sauce, ginger, allspice, and pumpkin pie spice in a food processor to make a slightly chunky sauce. Heat the oil in a medium skillet, add the sauce, and cook, stirring, until the oil is absorbed and the sauce thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Cool.nCopyright u00a9 2005 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [13 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup dark rum, 3 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 bunch scallions white and green parts, roughly chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 2 tablespoons Pickapeppa sauce, 1 tablespoon freshly grated peeled ginger, 1 tablespoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Jerk Sauce, picturelink: null}, 41082: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, beat eggs.nIn a separate bowl, add sugar, salt, baking soda, and water and mix until incorporated. Add to beaten eggs. Add sourdough starter to mixture and beat with wooden spoon. Do not beat too long.nSpoon on griddle in 14 cup amounts. When bubbles appear on top of pancakes, turn over. Cook until golden brown.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nIn a large bowl, combine the water, yeast, and honey and mix well. Add the flour and mix until all of flour is incorporated. Cover with a towel or loosely with plastic wrap and let sit in a warm place overnight. Refrigerate.nWhen using the starter, remove 2 cups to use for the pancakes. Add 2 cups flour and 2 more cups warm water to the starter. Cover and refrigerate. If you dont use your starter for more than 3 days, it needs to be fed. Remove 1 cup and discard. Add 1 cup flour and 1 cup warm water, cover and refrigerate.nNote: Never place the starter in a container with a tightly closing lid. The pressure from the gases could cause the container to explode. It is best kept in a bowl covered with plastic wrap., ingredients: [2 eggs, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 tablespoon water, 2 cups sourdough starter, recipe follows, 2 12 cups warm water, 1 12 tablespoons yeast, 1 tablespoon honey optional, 2 12 cups flour], title: Sourdough Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 41083: {instructions: Place the eggs in a large pot and cover them with cool tap water. Bring the water to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow the eggs to sit in the water for another 5 minutes. Drain, then fill the pot with cold water. To peel the eggs, tap each end on a board, then roll the egg between your hand and the board to crackle the shell. Peel under running tap water and allow the eggs to cool to room temperature.nPlace the eggs in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Pulse the processor 10 to 12 times to break up, but not puree, the eggs. Transfer the chopped eggs to a bowl and add the mayonnaise, mustard, dill, salt, and pepper. Combine lightly with a fork.nToast or grill the bread. Lay 1 slice of salmon on each piece of bread, spread on the egg salad, then garnish with a sprig of dill. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 extralarge eggs, 13 cup good mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoons minced fresh dill, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices 7grain bread or round French bread boule, 8 slices good smoked salmon], title: Smoked Salmon and Egg Salad Tartines, picturelink: O2usQGqfw9txzPEcKFTKNLkSsjIHy}, 41084: {instructions: Put the chicken in a nonreactive bowl. Combine 2 cups barbecue sauce, the seasoning rub, and vinegar and pour it over the chicken. Cover and marinate the chicken in the refrigerator at least 4 hours, preferably overnight.nPreheat the oven or smoker to 225 degrees F.nRemove the chicken and shake off the excess marinade. If cooking in an oven, place on a rack over a pan to catch drippings. If cooking in a smoker, place directly on a rack. Use your favorite wood, I use New Jersey hickory. Cook until the internal temperature, using an instantread thermometer, registers 165 degrees F, about 1 12 to 2 hours.nRemove the chicken from the rack and place it in a foil pan. Brush with the reserved 12 cup barbecue sauce, cover with foil, and place back in the oven or smoker for 12 hour. Remove the chicken from the pan and finish off on a grill. Using medium to hot flame, grill until the outer skin is crisp and marked a few minutes should do it. Serve immediately. You may also place chicken in a clean foil pan and cover with foil to keep warm until serving.nCooks tip 1: Before adding your wood, make sure the cooking temperature has been achieved. Add meat, then wood. This will prevent the meat from looking too dark.nCooks tip 2: For a sweeter taste, add 14 cup apple juice to your marinade. Adding apple juice to the barbecue sauce while grilling will give it a nice glaze, too., ingredients: [3 pounds chicken leg quarters, 2 12 cups barbecue sauce recommended: Butchs Smack Your Lips Mild BBQ Sauce, 14 cup seasoning rub recommended: Butchs Smack Your Lips Magic Dust, 14 cup apple cider vinegar], title: BBQ Chicken, picturelink: Yb0eEqXM0DugWVoHen38EIgW4oPnmIu}, 41085: {instructions: Put the water, carrot, celery, onion, garlic, lemon, parsley, thyme, and bay leaves in a pot and bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat to a simmer, set a cover on top slightly ajar, and cook for 10 to 30 minutes.nDrop the shrimp into the liquid and turn off the heat. Cook the shrimp, stirring occasionally, until they curl and turn pink, about 2 to 2 12 minutes for medium shrimp, 3 minutes for large ones. Drain and cool to room temperature. Peel the shrimp and remove the vein along the curve of the shrimp, if desired. Refrigerate if not serving right away. If refrigerated, bring the shrimp to room temperature 20 minutes before serving.nTo serve put the cocktail sauce in a medium bowl and surround with the shrimp, or loop the shrimp over the edge of an individual cocktail glass and top with the sauce. Garnish with the lemon and serve.nOptional Tip: To devein the shrimp before cooking, hold a shrimp between the thumb and forefinger with the rounded side of the shrimp upward. Place the pointed end of a wooden skewer at the junction of the second and third segments of the shrimp shell, about 18inch down from the top. Gently push the skewer through the shell and then lift up to remove the vein.nCombine the ketchup, lemon zest and juice, horseradish, and Worcestershire sauce in a small bowl. Add hot sauce, if desired. Mix well, then refrigerate until ready to serve.nYield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [10 cups cold water, 2 medium carrots, quartered, 2 stalks celery, quartered, 1 large onion, quartered, 1 head garlic, halved, 1 lemon, halved, 12 bunch parsley, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 pound medium or large shrimp, in the shell, rinsed, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Cocktail Sauce, recipe follows, Lemon wedges, 1 cup ketchup, 1 lemon, zest finely grated and juiced, 4 teaspoons prepared horseradish, or to taste, drained, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Hot sauce, to taste], title: Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: 4FniDSHaG4CScBnzVCZayi8z.3WLGDG}, 41086: {instructions: To prepare the salt cod, rinse it well and then immerse it in a container of cold water cut into chunks, if necessary, to fit. Refrigerate, changing the soaking water 5 or 6 times, until softened and mild 24 to 48 hours, depending on how stiff and salty it was to begin with.nDrain the cod, place it in a large saucepan with the onion and the bay leaves, and cover with cold water. Bring just to a boil, reduce the heat to very low, and cover taste the water at this stage and, if it seems excessively salty, then drain, cover again with fresh cold water, and bring to a boil. Simmer very gently until the fish is opaque and plumped, and falls apart into heavy flakes when prodded, about 20 minutes. Drain, pat dry, and remove the bones and skin, if necessary. Separate into large flakes and use right away, or refrigerate for up to 2 days before continuing with the recipe.nDrain and press the cod with your fingers to extract as much water as possible. Shred the cod by hand into thin strips and transfer it to a large bowl. Add the pepper rings, onion, and tomato to the bowl and toss together gently. In another bowl, combine the oil, vinegar, garlic, pepper, and if desired, a little salt the salt cod is usually still quite salty taste it to determine if the vinaigrette needs any salt. Whisk the vinaigrette together until thoroughly blended. Using your hands, toss the salad with the vinaigrette until all the ingredients are coated. Transfer the salad to a platter and garnish the edges with olives and wedges of hardboiled egg. Scatter the oregano over the dish., ingredients: [1 pound boneless dried salt cod, 1 small red or green pepper, cored, seeded, and cut into thin rings, 12 large red onion, thinly sliced and separated into rings, 1 large, firm, ripe tomato, thinly sliced, 13 cup fruity Spanish olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Salt, if necessary, to taste, 12 cup oil cured black olives, 3 hardboiled eggs, quartered, 12 small bunch oregano, leaves only, finely chopped], title: Catalan Shredded Salt Cod Salad, picturelink: null}, 41087: {instructions: null, ingredients: [Syrup, 12 cup mapleflavored syrup, 14 cup pecan pieces, 1 medium peach, peeled, chopped 34 cup, Pancakes, 2 cups Bisquick Heart Smart mix, 1 cup fatfree skim milk, 2 tablespoons pecan pieces, 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar, 1 egg, 1 container 6 oz Yoplait Original peach yogurt 23 cup], title: Praline Peach Pancakes, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 41088: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mix together olive oil, paprika and cinnamon. Toss the potato strips into mixture, to coat well, and spread onto baking sheet in a single layer. Sprinkle with salt and brown sugar.nBake for 30 minutes, turning every 10 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut lengthwise into 12inch wide strips, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Memphis Sweet Potato Fries, picturelink: ja3DbBexqmWNQ7jenjtijygZeDtLiBC}, 41089: {instructions: To prepare the venison: In a spice grinder or food processor, grind the peppercorns, juniper berries, fennel seeds, and thyme together. Mix with the olive oil and rub the venison. Cover and let stand in the refrigerator for 4 to 12 hours. Remove the venison from the refrigerator 1 hour before cooking to come to room temperature.nTo make the spaetzle: In a small saucepan, heat the milk over low heat just until it simmers. Remove from heat, stir in the ground mushrooms, and let stand for 15 minutes. In a large bowl, combine the milk mixture, flour, egg, herbs, salt and pepper. Mix the batter until smooth, cover, and refrigerate for 1 hour. Bring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil. Place a colander or perforated pan over not touching the boiling water. Pour the batter into the colander or pan. Using a rubber spatula or your hand, quickly press the batter through the holes into the boiling water. Once all of the batter has been forced through the holes, remove the colander or pan. Stir the spaetzle and cook for 1 minute. Drain well and toss with a little olive oil set aside.nTo make the cabbage: In a spice mill, grind the cloves, fennel, and juniper set aside. In a 4quart pot, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat. And the onion and saute for 3 minutes, or until translucent. Mix in the cabbage, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and 1 teaspoon of the pepper, and cook until the cabbage begins to wilt. Stir in the brandy, cider, and spices. Add the diced pear, cover, and cook, stirring frequently, for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the cabbage is tender. Cover and keep warm until serving.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and brown the venison on all sides. Place on a rack in a roasting pan and roast in the oven for 15 minutes for medium rare. For medium done, roast 6 to 7 minutes longer. Remove the venison from the oven, cover loosely with aluminum foil, and let stand for 5 minutes before slicing.nUsing a 10inch nonstick skillet, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter over medium high heat. Add the chanterelle mushrooms and saute for 2 to 3 minutes until they begin to brown lightly and then add the spaetzle, season with the remaining 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper, and cook until brown and crispy.nTo serve, portion the braised cabbage and spaetzle onto each plate. Thinly slice each piece of venison and place on top., ingredients: [1 pound Denver leg of venison, cleaned and left in muscle groups, or a 1 pound portion of a loin, see cooks note, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons juniper berries, 2 tablespoons fennel seeds, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons ground dried mushrooms use a spice mill, 1 cup flour, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons minced mixed fresh thyme, flat leaf parsley, and chives, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 pound fresh chanterelles, cleaned, dried, and halved or quartered to be roughly the same size, 2 whole cloves, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon juniper berries, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 small yellow onion, halved vertically and cut into half moons, 1 small head red cabbage, cored and thinly sliced, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 2 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup pear brandy, 12 cup pear or apple cider, 1 large anjou, French butter or bosc pear, cut into 12inch cubes], title: Leg of Venison with Mushroom Spaetzle and Pear Brandy Braised Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 41090: {instructions: To make the gnocchi: Take the potatoes unpeeled and cook them in boiling salted water. Cook the potatoes until they are soft when pierced with a fork. Remove from the water and peel the potatoes as soon as they are cool enough to handle. Puree the potatoes through a food mill and make sure there are no lumps. Once the potatoes have cooled a bit more, add the egg yolks and incorporate. Then add all of the other ingredients and gently work the dough until all components are worked in. Divide the dough into equal parts and start to roll the dough into thin logs. Dust the table with the flour to make rolling easier. Cut into small pieces across the dough with the back of the knife or a bench scraper and store the gnocchi on a pan with more flour on it.nTo make the sauce: Melt butter in saucepan. Add vegetables. Saute for 1 minute. Add all remaining ingredients except cheese and chives. Reserve.nTo assemble: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and add gnocchi. Cook for approximately1 minutes. Drain well and add to finished sauce. Toss gnocchi with sauce, add cheese and chives and serve., ingredients: [2 12 pounds potatoes, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and white pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 13 cup zucchini pearls, 13 cup yellow squash pearls, 13 cup carrot pearls, Pinch fresh thyme, Pinch fresh chopped rosemary, 10 ounces clear vegetable stock, Salt and pepper, to taste, 12 cup Parmigiano cheese, grated, 2 tablespoons sliced chives, small as possible], title: Potato Gnocchi with Vegetable Pearls, picturelink: null}, 41091: {instructions: 1. Cook onion in hot margarine in nonstick frypan over mediumlow heat, stirring frequently, for 14 to 18 minutes or until lightly browned. Stir in caraway seed, if desired.n2. Meanwhile, place patties on baking sheet. Bake at 350 degrees F for 8 minutes. Turn patties. Bake 7 minutes more. Spread mustard on top of patties. Top with cheese. Bake for 1 to 2 minutes more or until cheese melts.n3. Spoon onion over top of patties.nON THE GRILL:nPreheat grillnUse a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 165 degrees F.nHelpful Hints: This recipe slowly sautes the onion to intensify the flavors of its natural sugars. Watch the onion carefully and stir frequently to avoid burning and offflavors.nNote: Recipe is vegan only if soy cheese and Morningstar Farms Grillersu00ae Vegan Veggie Burgers are used.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [34 cup very thinly sliced sweet onion, 1 tablespoon margarine, 12 teaspoon caraway seed optional, 4 Grillers Primeu00ae Veggie Burgers or Grillersu00ae Vegan Veggie Burgers, 1 tablespoon brown mustard or Dijon mustard, 2 ounces thinlysliced Gruyere cheese, Swiss cheese, or soy cheese], title: Cheesy Sauteed Onion Burgers, picturelink: 07hCnsKgi0RcEM3KnP8G5y6cQZ83diC}, 41092: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8by8inch baking pan.nPut the dry cake mix in a large bowl and stir in the evaporated milk. The mixture will still be dry. Next, pour in the melted butter, stirring gently until the mix just comes together dont overmix.nDivide the mixture in half and press half of it in the bottom of the prepared pan. Lay the peanut butter cups over the top. Peel the caramels and place them in the spaces between. Sprinkle the nuts into the cracks, followed by the chocolate candies. Finally, sprinkle the salt all over. Put the other half of the batter on a cutting board and press it into a square a little smaller than the pan it will be very sticky. Transfer it to the pan and lightly press it to cover all the ingredients.nBake until the batter is fully baked, 22 to 25 minutes. Allow to cool completely, then place the pan in the fridge, covered in foil, for a couple of hours.nRemove the brownies from the pan in one piece, then sprinkle on plenty of powdered sugar. With a sharp serrated knife, cut into small squares.nGobble em up, ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, melted, plus more for greasing pan, 1 box chocolate cake mix 18 ounces, 13 cup evaporated milk, 9 peanut butter cups, 12 chocolatecovered caramels, such as Rolos, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, 13 cup candycoated chocolates, such as M and Ms, 14 teaspoon salt, Powdered sugar, for sprinkling], title: Crazy Brownies, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 41093: {instructions: Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking.nCook bacon pieces in a microwave oven for about 1 minute, or pan fry until the edges begin to curl but the bacon is still flexible. Drain well.nCut each sausage into 5 pieces.nThread an end piece of sausage onto skewer followed by a piece of bacon, onion, bell pepper, and another piece of bacon. Repeat using center sausage pieces and finishing with end piece center sausage pieces will be sandwiched between bacon. Repeat with remaining skewers and sausages.nPlace skewers on hot oiled grill and cook 4 to 5 minutes per side 16 to 20 minutes total.nMeanwhile, squeeze the orange juice into the BBQ sauce and stir to combine. Brush kabobs with BBQ sauce with each turn. Serve hot with orange slices or wedges.nINDOOR: Prepare kebabs as directed. Preheat broiler. Place kebabs on wire rack over foil lined baking sheet or broiler pan. Place under broiler 4 to 6 inches from heat source and cook 3 to 5 minutes per side. Brush with BBQ sauce with each turn., ingredients: [4 12inch bamboo skewers soaked in water for 1 hour, 6 slices center cut bacon, cut into 1inch pieces recommended: Oscar Mayer, 4 chicken and apple sausages recommended: Aidells, 12 red onion, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 green, red, or yellow bell pepper, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 1 cup store bought BBQ sauce, 1 orange, cut into slices or wedges], title: Sausage and Bacon Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 41094: {instructions: Quarter the apples then cut away core and thinly slice. Add them to a medium bowl, douse them with a little lemon juice and add the onions and dill.nIn a small pot over medium heat add the vinegar, bay leaves, peppercorns, salt and sugar. Stir and heat until the sugar has completely dissolved. Pour evenly over the apples and let stand 20 minutes, turning occasionally. Serve or cover and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [2 green apples, 12 lemon, 1 small to medium red onion, very thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped dill, 1 teaspoon salt, About 13 cup sugar, 1 14 cups cider vinegar, 4 fresh bay leaves, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns], title: Quick Pickled Onions and Apples, picturelink: null}, 41095: {instructions: For the rub: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the chili powder, paprika, cumin and 1 tablespoon salt.nLay 2 halfracks of ribs flat in a 9by13inch glass baking dish. Repeat with the remaining 2 halfracks. Using your hands, coat each rack with the spice rub. Set aside.nFor the sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and 2 teaspoons salt and cook until translucent and lightly browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and chiles and cook for 2 minutes. Add the apple cider vinegar, and cook, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, for 3 minutes. Add the mustard and preserves. Stir to combine. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook to allow the flavors to marry, about 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and carefully pour half the sauce over the ribs. Pour 12 cup of the chicken stock into the bottom of each dish. Cover the baking dishes with foil and place into the oven on the middle rack. Bake until the meat is tender, about 1 12 hours.nMeanwhile, cook the remaining sauce over mediumhigh heat until reduced by half, about 20 minutes.nHeat a grill pan or a gas or charcoal grill over mediumhigh heat.nUsing a pastry brush, glaze the baked ribs with the reduced sauce. Place the ribs meatside down onto the hot grill and cook until slightly charred, 3 to 5 minutes. Turn the ribs over and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Flip one final time, allowing the ribs to cook until perfectly charred, 3 to 5 minutes more. Remove from the grill and rest for 10 minutes before cutting.nServe alongside a bowl of any remaining sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Kosher salt, 2 full racks baby back ribs about 3 pounds each, halved, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 small yellow onions, diced about 2 cups, Kosher salt, 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped about 14 cup, 2 large red Fresno chiles, finely chopped about 14 cup, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 1 cup yellow mustard, 1 cup apricot preserves, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock], title: Apricot and Mustard Glazed Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: H20XzNVaVAeiacqKh6SsDNQhnU75S8i}, 41096: {instructions: When using fresh tomatoes they must be peeled first. Dip them briefly in boiling water to loosen the skins. Peel, cut in half, remove and discard the seeds. Dice the tomatoes and have ready beside the stove. Bring the water to a boil in a large pot and season with salt while you prepare the sauce. The pasta will cook in 10 minutes and the sauce will take 15 minutes to cook entirely.nDrain the anchovy fillets, rinse off the excess salt under cold water, pat dry, and chop roughly. Heat the olive oil in a sauce pan over medium heat. When hot, add the chopped anchovy fillets and saute over medium heat until the anchovies actually begin to dissolve and melt away. Add the rings of sausage and saute briefly before adding the clams in their shells. Add the garlic to the pan and before the garlic begins to brown, add the diced tomato, salt and pepper and cook for 5 to 8 minutes, before adding the white wine. Place a lid on the pan and cook until the clams steam open.nWhen the water is boiling, cook the pasta according to package directions, timing it so the pasta will be completed at about the same time as the sauce. Just before you drain the pasta, add the basil to the sauce and continue cooking for just a minute longer. Remove the sauce from the heat and toss in a bowl with the drained pasta., ingredients: [1 pound fresh ripe plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced, 6 to 8 quarts water, 2 tablespoons salt, 14 cup olive oil, 1ounce 12 to 2ounce can olive oilpacked flat anchovy fillets, 12 pound chorizo sausage, sliced into rounds, 2 dozen fresh manila clams, in their shells, well scrubbed, 2 tablespoons peeled and chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 cup white wine, 1 pound imported dry linguine pasta or other shape, 14 cup julienned fresh basil leaves], title: Linguine with Manila Clams and Spicy Chorizo Sausage, picturelink: null}, 41097: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThese are so satisfying and dont break the calorie bank if eaten without the ice cream. They can also be made without the rum. I have suggested rum raisin ice cream because I love the combination, but vanilla ice cream or even lemon sorbet would be just as delicious.nFor the glaze: In a medium saucepan, combine the dark brown sugar, rum, water, 12 teaspoon salt, nutmeg, cinnamon, and cloves. Stir to blend and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook and reduce for 3 to 4 minutes to allow the sugar and other ingredients to blend together.nPrepare the apples: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a baking dish large enough to hold all of the apples, arrange the apples in a single layer. Put a cinnamon stick inside the cavity made from coring each apple. Pour the glaze over the apples and top each with pieces of butter. Add the cider to the bottom of the dish and place it in the center of the oven.nCook the apples, basting them from time to time, 25 to 30 minutes, or until they are tender but not mushy. Cooks Note: Smaller apples will take less time.nServe with scoops of ice cream or sour cream, if desired or just by themselves. They are also delicious leftover., ingredients: [12 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup dark rum, 12 cup water, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 6 whole cloves, 6 small to mediumsize apples, preferably a sturdy variety like Rome or Granny Smith, washed and cored, 6 cinnamon sticks, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 1 cup apple cider, Rum raisin ice cream, optional, Sour cream, optional], title: Baked Apples with Rum, picturelink: iWCm0HVwI5GnrBI7txEhHp7cSd.5NLi}, 41098: {instructions: Fill a large pot halfway with water, and bring to a boil. Add cubed beef, stirring often to prevent sticking. Cook for 1 minute. Drain beef into a colander, and shake to remove excess water. Heat wok over high heat. Add olive oil, swirling to coat the sides of wok. Add drained beef, and saute until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add ginger, white wine, soy sauce, brown sugar, star anise, and cinnamon. Continue to saute until evenly browned, about 5 minutes, stirring to combine. Add 1 cup water, and transfer beef mixture to a large pot. Add remaining 1 12 cups water, cover, and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat to simmer, and cook until meat is almost tender, 1 12 hours. Season with salt, and continue to simmer until meat is tender, 12 hour. Serve with steamed rice., ingredients: [Steamed rice, for serving, 4 pounds boneless beef shin or chuck, cut into 2inch cubes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced 18inch thick, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon darkbrown sugar, 4 star anise, 1 3inch cinnamon stick, 2 12 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons coarse salt], title: Lilys Beef Stew, picturelink: null}, 41099: {instructions: To make the fruit pops: In a food processor fitted with the metal blade, coarsely puree pineapple. Pour puree into a 2cup liquid measuring cup. Add lime and superfine sugar to taste. Pour about 14 cup of the mixture into each of the fruitpop molds, cover with metal lid, and place sticks in. Transfer to freezer until firm. Repeat with mango and strawberries. Remove from freezer for 5 minutes before serving, so pops loosen from molds.nTo make the tamarind pops: Peel and remove tough outer fiber of tamarind pods, and discard. Place pods in a medium bowl, and pour 1 34 cups of boiling water over them. Let soak 1 hour.nStrain soaked pods through a mesh sieve over a medium bowl, working the pods through with a wooden spoon, discard solids. Pour liquid into a 2cup liquid measuring cup. Taste, and adjust with superfine sugar lime juice is not needed with this because of the natural tartness of the tamarind pod. Pour into the molds, cover with metal lids, and place sticks in. Transfer to freezer until firm., ingredients: [2 cups pineapple, peeled, cored, and cut into chunks 1 medium pineapple, Freshly squeezed lime juice, to taste, Superfine sugar, to taste, 2 cups mango, peeled, pitted, and chopped about 3 mangoes, 2 cups strawberries, washed, hulled, and drained about 1 quart, 3 cups tamarind pods about 5 ounces, 1 34 cups boiling water], title: Mexican Fruit Pops, picturelink: null}}