{3900: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the parsnips, garlic, potatoes and celery root in a large pot. Cover with cold water by one inch and add the 2 tablespoons salt. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the vegetables are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain well, then return the cooked vegetables to the pot. Using a wooden spoon, stir the vegetables over medium heat to remove some of the excess moisture, about 4 minutes. With a large fork or potato masher, lightly mash the vegetables. Off the heat, add the 1 teaspoon salt and the lemon zest, thyme, olive oil and Parmesan. Mix until well combined. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 parsnips, peeled, cut into 1inch pieces about 2 14 cups, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 1inch cubes about 2 cups, 1 celery root, peeled, cut into 1inch cubes about 2 cups, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 2 tablespoons for the cooking water, Zest of 1 small lemon, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Smashed Root Vegetables, picturelink: owmbqvSEp8Jbkbz4b30F7vn8IrNHuO}, 3901: {instructions: Prepare your wooden burning brick oven according to manufacturers directions or preheat a conventional oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the peppers on a cookie sheet and season with salt and pepper. Roast the peppers for 15 minutes, turning periodically with tongs, so they are really charred and blistered on all sides. Put the peppers into a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and steam for about 10 minutes to loosen the skins. Pull out the cores and seeds from the peppers and peel off the blackened skins coarsely chop the peppers into chunks and set aside.nSeason the flour with the garlic powder, dried oregano, and a fair amount of salt and pepper. Whisk the egg and milk together in a shallow bowl. Dredge the chicken pieces in the flour and tap off the excess. Dip each piece in the egg wash to coat, then dredge again in the flour. Place a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat and pour in about 14inch of oil. Panfry the chicken in batches, skinside down, until crisp, about 5 minutes. Turn the chicken over and brown the other side about 3 minutes longer. Remove the chicken to a side plate it will not be completely cooked.nCarefully pour out the oil from the skillet and add 14 cup of clean olive oil. Put the pan back on the stove over medium heat. Add the anchovies, red pepper flakes, garlic, onion, tomatoes, lemon slices, capers, 12 of the roasted red peppers, and 12 of the basil season with salt and pepper. This part of the recipe is going to be your base. What we are looking for is a fragrant vegetable pulp, so simmer for about 20 minutes, stirring often, until everything breaks down.nAdd the remaining roasted peppers and basil. Tuck the chicken into the stew and pour in the wine and chicken broth. Transfer the chicken cacciatore to the hot oven and cook for 20 to 30 minutes until the chicken is cooked., ingredients: [6 red bell peppers, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 112 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 large egg, 2 cups milk, 1 3 12 pound whole free range chicken, cut into 8 pieces, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 anchovy fillets, mashed, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 large ripe tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 12 lemon, sliced in paperthin circles, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 12 bunch fresh basil, handtorn 14 bunch to flavor the base, 14 bunch to finish the dish, 1 cup dry white wine recommended: Pinot Grigio, 1 cup chicken broth], title: Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: null}, 3902: {instructions: In a large saute pan over medium heat, melt butter. Add the shallot and garlic, stirring constantly for 1 minute. Add the chopped mushrooms. Cook until the mushrooms begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Transfer the mushroom mixture to a food processor and add the goat cheese. Add the oil and parsley. Pulse until the mixture comes together. Season with salt and pepper and pulse again.nSpoon mushroom filling into tartlet shells and place on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10 minutes. Garnish with sliced mushroom and chopped chive before serving., ingredients: [1 pound wild mushrooms cremini, portobello, shiitake, morel, oyster, coarsely chopped, 8 ounces goat cheese, 14 cup truffle or olive oil, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste, 60 phyllopastry tartlet shells, packaged, Garnish: sliced mushroom, chopped chives, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped], title: Wild Mushroom Tartlets, picturelink: null}, 3903: {instructions: For the dressing: In a food processor, mix the vinegar, bacon renderings and mustard. Mix well, and then slowly drizzle in the oil until well emulsified. Taste and season.nFor the chicken: Preheat the oil in a large, heavy pot or deepfryer to 350 degrees F. In a bowl, blend the honey mustard, milk and eggs. Next, sprinkle the breasts with the salt and pepper. Then toss in the flour, then the egg wash and finally coating each breast well with the breadcrumbs. Repeat the process with each breast. Fry for 3 minutes. Flip and finish for a final 3 minutes. Once the chicken is cooked, remove from the oil and allow any excess oil to drain over paper towels.nFor the salad: In a 10 inch saute pan over medium heat, warm the oil and then add the onions, haricot verts and potatoes. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 to 4 minutes. Then reduce the heat and keep warm for dressing.nIn second saute pan over mediumhigh heat, warm the bacon for 2 minutes. Then add the chicken stock to deglaze the pan and create a pan sauce for the salad. Next, add the prepared dressing and warm for 1 minute. Pour the sauce in the cooked potato salad, stir to evenly coat and then add the parsley and egg to finish. Portion and serve., ingredients: [14 cup white balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons bacon renderings, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 cup 8020 blended oil, Salt and pepper, 12 gallon vegetable oil, 12 cup honey mustard, 1 cup milk, 4 eggs, whipped, Four 6ounce chicken breasts, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup Japanese breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 14 cup julienned red onion, 1 cup haricot verts, 1 cup red potatoes, poached or steamed, medium doneness, 14 cup cooked and diced bacon, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 2 boiled eggs, diced], title: Honey Dijon Chicken, Warm Potato Salad, picturelink: HQK71IL8UBhJRNqfjcP1hRko0ufymu}, 3904: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak wooden skewers in water for at least 30 minutes.nIn a large bowl, add the chicken and all the remaining ingredients and mix well. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight. Remove the chicken from the marinade and thread onto the wooden skewers.nPreheat the grill to medium.nPut the skewers on the grill. Cook for 2 to 4 minutes, then flip and cook for another 2 to 4 minutes. Remove the chicken from the skewers to a serving platter and serve with white rice., ingredients: [Wooden skewers, 2 pounds boneless chicken breast, cut into chunks, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 cup sliced green onions, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons minced lemongrass, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Steamed white rice, for serving], title: Curry Chicken Skewers, picturelink: E8Hdb0hhoWqFBBIjmoRdYaVDfXwOqWe}, 3905: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 315 degrees F. Spray 6 cups of a muffin tin lightly with nonstick cooking spray.nHeat the olive oil over high heat in a saute pan until it begins to smoke slightly. Add the broccoli and caramelize season with salt and freshly cracked pepper. After about 3 minutes, add the shallots and quickly saute. Cool completely on a tray lined with a paper napkin.nCombine the cream, whole eggs and yolk in a bowl and whisk in the marjoram and nutmeg. Season with salt and freshly cracked pepper.nAdd 2 tablespoon of the vegetable filling to each muffin cup. Sprinkle on a layer of goat cheese and grated Swiss. Divide the egg custard mixture evenly among the muffin cups. Top with any leftover vegetables and cheese.nBake until an inserted skewer comes out clean, with no wet custard clinging to it, about 25 minutes. If necessary, bake in additional 5minute increments. The tops should be golden brown., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying muffin cups, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 cup chopped broccoli, Kosher salt, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon thinly sliced shallots, 23 cup heavy cream, 3 eggs, 1 egg yolk, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh marjoram, Pinch ground nutmeg, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese, 12 cup grated Swiss cheese], title: Broccoli and Goat Cheese Muffin Quiche, picturelink: HP9n6ElMd.wkHZOOCSnprpwC277Vp6S}, 3906: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the Mole: Roast the peanuts on a baking sheet for 10 to 12 minutes. In a small skillet, toast the sesame seeds for a couple of minutes until brown. Let cool, then finely grind in a food processor. Set both aside.nToast the anchos in a small skillet over medium heat. Soak in hot water to soften, about 20 minutes. Drain and remove the seeds and stems.nIn a blender, puree the anchos until smooth. Add the ground spices and puree.nPour the oil into a medium pot and heat over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is very hot, add the puree and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the peanuts and sesame seeds and simmer for another 2 minutes. Add the chocolate and let it melt. Stir in the vinegar and cook for another 5 minutes. Season with salt. Set aside.nFor the rice: Wash the rice and put it into a rice cooker or pan with enough water to stretch from the tip of your finger to the first knuckle on your index finger thats a trick. Sprinkle in the saffron, cover and cook until the rice is cooked and all the liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes.nFor the chicken: In a large skillet, saute the onion in the oil. When the onion becomes transparent, add the chicken and cook until white on all sides. Add the mole and chicken stock and simmer, covered, for 20 minutes. Serve over the saffron rice with corn tortillas, glazed carrots and calabacitas.nCombine corn, squash, chiles and water in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the squash can be pierced with a fork. Remove from heat, add the butter and salt. Stir and serve.nCut the carrots into sticks. Melt the butter and sugar in a large skillet. Add the carrots and cook over medium heat until the carrots are glazed and a little browned., ingredients: [1 cup peanuts, 14 cup sesame seeds, 8 ancho chiles, 1 teaspoon ground annatto, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground clove, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 cup canola or peanut oil, 34 ounce bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, Kosher salt, 3 cups long grain white rice, Several saffron threads or pinch saffron powder, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons canola or peanut oil, 2 pounds boneless chicken breasts, 1 12 cups chicken stock, Corn tortillas, for serving, Glazed carrots, for serving, recipe follows, Calabacitas, for serving, recipe follows, 2 cups fresh or thawed frozen corn kernels, 1 cup any fresh squash, such as summer squash, diced, 14 cup diced roasted green chiles, canned is fine, 1 12 cups water, 3 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt, 4 medium carrots, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Traditional Red Mole Chicken with Saffron Rice, picturelink: null}, 3907: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat.nCut polenta into 12inch slices. Add extravirgin olive oil and butter to skillet then season the discs with a little salt. Brown and crisp polenta discs on both sides, 3 minutes on each side.nMix mascarpone with the halfandhalf, capers and lemon zest. Combine chopped roasted red peppers, green and black olives and parsley in a separate small bowl.nTo serve, layer polenta discs with spoonfuls of the cheese on a plate and garnish with chopped olives and peppers. , ingredients: [1 log, 24 ounces, prepared corn polenta, plain or flavored, available in refrigerated cases in market, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt, 1 tub, 16 ounces, mascarpone cheese, 12 cup halfandhalf, 3 tablespoons capers, 1 lemon, zested, 3 tablespoons jarred, drained, chopped roasted red peppers, 3 tablespoons chopped Italian cracked or pitted green olives, 3 tablespoons chopped pitted oil cured olives, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves], title: Fried Polenta Discs with Mascarpone Cheese, picturelink: null}, 3908: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line muffin tins with cupcake liners.nIn a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and sugar. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, extract and eggs. In another bowl, sift the flour, baking powder and baking soda. Add the orange liqueur and orange zest.nAlternate the egg mixture and flour mixture into the butter and sugar until well combined. Make sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl and mix well. Spoon the mixture into the prepared muffin tins. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cupcakes comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Let cool completely before frosting. While the cupcakes are baking, make the frosting.nFor the frosting: Beat the butter, honey, orange extract and salt until smooth. Then slowly add the powdered sugar, 1 cup at a time, the cocoa powder, heavy cream and orange liqueur.nRefrigerate the frosting until the cupcakes are cooled, about 30 minutes. Frost each cupcake and serve., ingredients: [16 tablespoons 2 sticks butter, 2 12 cups sugar, 2 12 cups buttermilk, 1 12 teaspoons orange extract, 3 eggs, 3 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 12 teaspoons baking soda, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 2 oranges, zested, 1 pound 4 sticks butter, 14 cup honey, 1 teaspoon orange extract, Pinch salt, 1 12 pounds powdered sugar, divided, 1 12 cups cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier], title: Orange Liqueur Cupcakes, picturelink: OIRvh79gylLyjovjJ9ms0CBi25JaQny}, 3909: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Lightly coat a baking pan with cooking spray.nIn a small saucepan, combine the butter and chopped chocolate and set over very low heat until melted. Stir the mixture and set aside to cool. In a mediumsized mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Measure the sugar into the large bowl of an electric mixer and beat in the cooled butterchocolate mixture. Add the egg plus whites, vanilla, and water and beat well. Add the dry ingredients and mix on low speed just until blended. Dont overbeat. The batter will be thick. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan, smooth the top, and bake for 22 to 25 minutes 23 minutes is usually right for me. When done, the top will look dry and a wooden pick inserted near the edge will come out with a few crumbs but the center will look slightly gooey. Cool in the pan and cut into squares.nI have been trying for a couple of years to produce a brownie worthy of the name with less fat and less solid chocolate. My taste testers finally agree that this is it  a great brownie they would never suspect of being lower in anything. I have cut the classic 58 percent down to 31 percent calories from fat and eliminated 87 calories, 10 g fat, and 22 mg cholesterol from each brownie.nWhen traditional proportions are disrupted, textures become moist and cakey at best or dry, insipid, and tough at worst. One rule emerges clearly: The fewer ingredients, the better the brownie. Avoid the usual lowfat standins: applesauce, yogurt, corn syrup, canola oil. Use butter, but less, and replace most of the solid chocolate with richtasting Dutchprocessed cocoa retain at least 1 ounce of solid chocolate, however, for a more complex chocolate taste. A few tricks: Cake flour produced a more tender crumb than allpurpose, and melting the butter with the chocolate, as opposed to creaming the solid butter with the sugar, gave a fudgier crumb. A touch of baking powder seems to enhance the crunch of the top crust.nFaced with the choice of adding highfat chopped nuts or keeping the 14 cup butter, there was no contest nuts put us over the top in fat content. However, if you feel deprived without them, sprinkle about 3 tablespoons of finely chopped walnuts on top before baking the changes are modest: 33 percent calories from fat, plus 9 calories and 1g fat per brownie., ingredients: [Butterflavor nostick cooking spray, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, cut up, 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 1 cup minus 2 tablespoons sifted cake flour, 12 cup unsifted unsweetened Dutchprocessed cocoa, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Generous pinch of ground nutmeg, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 large egg plus 2 large egg whites, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons water], title: Fudge Brownies, picturelink: null}, 3910: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the butter in a small saute pan and place over medium heat. Completely melt the butter, then cook until the butter is brown and smells nutty, an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Take off the heat and allow to cool.nPlace the granulated sugar and brown sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer. Pour in the cooled butter and beat on low to medium speed until smooth and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the vanilla extract and eggs and continue to beat on low until the mixture is combined.nCombine the flour, baking soda and salt in a separate bowl and slowly incorporate into the batter a little at a time. Beat until smooth. Fold in the butterscotch chips and pecans.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment. Using a 1ounce scoop or a tablespoon measure, portion out the cookie dough, leaving 2 inches between each cookie. Sprinkle the cookies with salt and bake until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for garnish, 1 cup butterscotch chips, 1 cup pecans, chopped], title: Toffee Pecan Cookies, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 3911: {instructions: On a floured surface, roll out 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough into a 10by15inch rectangle press into an oiled rimmed baking sheet. Mix 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped rosemary andor oregano, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes and a big pinch of sea salt. Brush half of the herb oil over the dough, then set aside until puffy, about 1 hour. Make dimples in the dough with your fingers and top with thin onion slices and shaved parmesan. Bake at 400 until golden, about 20 minutes. Brush with the remaining herb oil.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [], title: OnionHerb Focaccia, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 3912: {instructions: For the steak salad:nRub the flank steak on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat the vegetable oil in a heavy skillet on high heat and cook the steak on one side for 5 minutes. Flip and cook on the other side for 5 more minutes for mediumrare. Keep warm.nMeanwhile combine the red onion, cucumbers, tomatoes, avocados, cilantro, mint, lime juice, and olive oil in a bowl and mix well. Season the salad with salt, and pepper, to taste and set aside.nFor the jalapeno poppers:nHeat oil in a deep fryer or a heavybottomed skillet to 350 degrees F.nCarefully slice down the side of the peppers and remove the seeds. Set aside.nIn a bowl, combine all the grated cheeses, season with pepper, to taste and stuff the peppers. In a separate bowl, mix the flour, egg, and beer to form a batter. Dip the stuffed peppers in the batter and fry in a deep fryer or in a heavy skillet for about 5 minutes or until golden brown and crispy.nSlice the flank steak. Pile the salad on a plate with slices of flank steak, and top with 1 popper, sliced in half., ingredients: [Steak Salad, 2 pounds1 kg flank steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 red onion, sliced, 2 cucumbers, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 tomatoes, diced, 2 avocados, halved, pitted, peeled and diced, 1 cup torn fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup torn fresh mint leaves, Juice of 2 limes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Jalapeno Poppers, 4 jalapeno peppers or milder peppers, 14 cup grated Cheddar cheese, 14 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, 14 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 1 cup flour, 1 egg, 34 cup beer, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Flank Steak Salad with Jalapeno Poppers, picturelink: null}, 3913: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut cubed potatoes into steamer basket and place steamer basket into a large pot of simmering water that is no closer than 2 inches from the bottom of basket. Allow to steam for 20 minutes or until the potatoes are fork tender. Mash with potato masher and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace sweet potatoes in the bowl of a stand mixer and beat with the paddle attachment. Add yogurt, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, yolks, and salt, to taste, and beat until well combined. Pour this batter into the pie shell and place onto a sheet pan. Sprinkle pecans on top and drizzle with maple syrup.nBake for 50 to 55 minutes or until the custard reaches 165 to 180 degrees. Remove from oven and cool. Keep refrigerated after cooling., ingredients: [1 pound 3 ounces sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1 14 cups plain yogurt, 34 cup packed, dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon of cinnamon, 14 teaspoon of nutmeg, 5 egg yolks, Salt, 1 9inch deep dish, frozen pie shell, 1 cup chopped pecans, toasted, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, Special equipment: steamer basket], title: Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: KsYJOe3voy4EloURAsT0IL5npyCzB2a}, 3914: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nClean the potatoes under cold running water. Prick them with a fork, and place on a baking dish and bake for 1 hour, or until a knife slides through nice and clean without any resistance. Remove skins, they should just slip right off. Put the potatoes through a food mill.nPut potatoes in a bowl and add egg yolks, flour, cinnamon, and salt and mix until combined. Be careful not to overwork the dough. Pinch off tablespoons of dough and roll into balls.nPreheat a fryer or a deep pot halfway filled with oil to 350 degrees F.nTake 1 sheet of phyllo dough and cut into 3inch circles. Brush with butter and place a ball of sweet potato dough in the center and pinch into a purse at the top. Continue to do this using more phyllo and you have used all of the potato dough.nPlace into hot oil to deep fry to a golden brown color. Place in a bowl of caramel sauce and dust with powdered sugar.nCombine the sugar and water in a saucepan. Stir over low heat until melted. Turn up the heat to mediumhigh and cook until caramel colored. Take off the heat and add butter and cream. Be careful, caramel may splatter. Set aside to cool., ingredients: [3 sweet potatoes, 2 egg yolks, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, Phyllo dough, Butter, for brushing phyllo, Oil, for deep frying, Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, Powdered sugar, for garnish, 2 cups sugar, 14 cup water, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 14 cup cream], title: Beg for More Divine Potato Purses, picturelink: null}, 3915: {instructions: Halve the avocados and remove the pits. Cut the avocados into dice inside the skins, then scoop out with a spoon into a bowl. Add the red onions, salt, jalapenos, lime juice, mango and tomatoes and stir gently to combine. Stir in the cilantro., ingredients: [3 avocados, 14 cup finely diced red onions, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely diced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 mango, diced, 1 Roma tomato, diced, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves], title: Mango Guacamole, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 3916: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9inchsquare baking dish with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on two sides lightly coat with cooking spray and set aside.nWhisk the flour, salt and baking powder in a small bowl. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook, swirling the pan occasionally, until it starts browning. Remove from the heat and whisk in the brown sugar and vanilla until dissolved let cool slightly. Add the eggs and whisk until smooth. Stir in the flour mixture, then the apple and butterscotch chips. Pour into the prepared pan and smooth the top.nBake the blondies until the edges are set and the top is lightly browned, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely in the pan. Lift out of the pan using the foil overhang and cut into pieces.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 1 apple, peeled and finely chopped, 13 cup butterscotch chips], title: AppleButterscotch Blondies, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 3917: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray three baking sheets with cooking spray.nArrange the eggplant in a single layer on the prepared sheet trays. Brush the eggplant on both sides with 2 tablespoons of the oil and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Bake until soft, about 25 minutes.nHeat the remaining tablespoon of oil in a large highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrot and celery and cook, stirring, until soft, about 6 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the turkey and cook, stirring and breaking up the meat with the back of a wooden spoon, until browned, about 6 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon salt. Stir in the tomatoes, bring to a simmer, lower the heat to mediumlow and cook until thickened, about 30 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the basil.nCombine the ricotta, tofu, egg and 14 cup Parmesan in a medium bowl and smash with a fork until combined. Place the spinach in a clean kitchen towel and squeeze out all the liquid you can. Add to the bowl and mix until incorporated.nLadle onequarter of the sauce into the bottom of a 9x13inch baking dish.nPlace 6 pieces of eggplant on top of the sauce. Its okay if they overlap. Spread half of the tofucheese mixture over the eggplant and top with another onequarter of the sauce. Sprinkle with onethird of the mozzarella. Repeat the layers. Add a final layer of sauce and sprinkle with the remaining mozzarella cheese and Parmesan. Bake until bubbling and golden on top, about 35 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 large eggplants, sliced lengthwise 13inch thick, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 onion, minced, 1 small carrot, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 pound lean ground turkey, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 14 cup looselypacked fresh basil leaves, roughly chopped, 1 cup fatfree ricotta cheese, 7 ounces soft tofu, drained, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 10 ounces frozen spinach, defrosted and drained well, 1 cup shredded partskim mozzarella], title: Eggplant Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 3918: {instructions: To a cocktail shaker filled with ice, add the mint and strawberries and muddle. Pour in the citrus rum, simple syrup, and lime juice. Shake and pour into a glass., ingredients: [Ice, 5 to 6 fresh mint leaves, 2 strawberries, cut into quarters, 2 ounces citrus rum, 1 ounce simple syrup, 1 ounce lime juice], title: Guys Big Game Strawberry Mojito, picturelink: null}, 3919: {instructions: Brush the bell and poblano peppers with the olive oil. Char over a gas flame using tongs, then peel and discard the skin and remove the ribs and seeds.nPuree the peppers and ketchup in a blender until smooth.nTransfer the puree to a bowl. Stir in the mustard, horseradish, paprika, chili powder, black pepper, garlic powder and hot sauce until well combined.nKeep in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, 2 poblano peppers, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons horseradish, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, 8 drops hot sauce, such as Tabasco], title: Spicy Ketchup, picturelink: uidJjqaJ7.8ENhLjIdppRW0wosg0Dyq}, 3920: {instructions: Put the tomatoes, cucumber, and white beans into a bowl and toss to combine. Whisk together the hummus and vinaigrette and add to the bean mixture. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. Spread the lettuce onto a platter, top with the bean mixture and serve., ingredients: [12 tomato, chopped, reserved from Hummus Sandwich recipe, 12 English cucumber, chopped, Hummus Sandwich recipe, 12 cup white beans from Hummus Sandwich recipe, 2 tablespoons reserved hummus, from Hummus Sandwich recipe, 2 tablespoons reserved vinaigrette, from Corn Salad recipe, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 small head lettuce, shredded], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Cucumber, Tomato, and White Bean Salad, picturelink: xpyMj6mc4PQht7ulS6uujOrJgSfSv.}, 3921: {instructions: In a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the canola oil. When it is hot, fry the tortillas one at a time until they are lightly browned and crispy, about 2 minutes per side. Drain on brown paper.nIn a medium pot, heat the reserved chili.nTo serve, put a tortilla on a plate. Top with a quarter each of the chili, cheese, beans, onions and peppers, lettuce, tomatoes and sour cream. Repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, 4 6inch corn tortillas, Reserved 1 cup chili from Cincinnati Chili, 12 cup shredded Cheddar, One 15ounce can red beans, rinsed and drained, 12 cup cooked onions and green peppers, 1 cup shredded lettuce, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, 4 tablespoons sour cream], title: Round 2 Recipe  Chili Tostada, picturelink: U6cLA41buFe6BmtwuxJk5rEhPgz1aW}, 3922: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over high heat. Season the meat with salt and pepper and add to the pan. Once the meat is browned, add the onions, carrots, celery, and garlic. Reduce the heat and cook until the moisture is gone. Add the tomato paste and flour. Add the red wine and herbs. Cover and cook for about 2 hours, stirring occasionally. The sauce is done when the meat is fork tender.nRemove the meat from the sauce and set aside. Strain the sauce, blend, and return to the pan. Pull the meat apart and add back to the blended sauce.nServe over pasta., ingredients: [2 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound cubed wild boar, may substitute pork shoulder, if desired, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces diced onions, 2 ounces diced carrots, 2 ounces diced celery, 1 ounce minced garlic, 4 ounces tomato paste, 1 ounce allpurpose flour, 1 quart red wine, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 sprig thyme, 1 sprig sage, 4 to 6ounce portions fresh or dry pasta, cooked al dente], title: Pappardelle with Wild Boar Ragu Pappardelle al Ragu Di Cinghiale, picturelink: null}, 3923: {instructions: Set up a steamer. In a saute pan coated with oil on medium heat, saute the ginger and scallions until soft, about 2 minutes. Set aside. Wipe out pan and toast the salt and peppercorns until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Grind the peppercorns and salt. Season the fillets on both sides with the saltpeppercorn mixture. Place 1 wrapper on a clean dish towel. Place a thin layer of the gingerscallion mixture and top with fillet. Roll bottom towards the middle. Fold in both sides and continue rolling. Finish roll and let rest. The top of the package will be the gingerscallion mixture. Place packages in a steamer lined with a leafy vegetable. Steam for about 8 to 10 minutes. Ladle citrus sauce on small plates and place salmon on top. Garnish with pink peppercorns.nIn a nonreactive pan, combine juices and reduce on low heat by 5 percent. Add the segments, soy sauce and honey and heat. Whisk in the butter. Season to taste and check for seasoning., ingredients: [Canola oil to cook, 2 tablespoons ginger julienned, 12 cup sliced scallions, 1 tablespoon fleur de sel, 1 teaspoon coarse ground szechuan peppercorns, 12 teaspoon coarse ground white peppercorns, 4 3ounce pieces of salmon fillet, 4 eight inch rice paper, softened in warm water, 4 red leaf lettuce leaves for steaming, Warm Citrus Sauce, recipe follows, 12 tablespoon pink peppercorns, for garnish, Juice of 1 orange, separated, Juice of 1 lemon, separated, Juice of 1 lime, separated, 1 tablespoon clear soy sauce, 1 tablespoon lychee honey, 12 tablespoon butter, optionalbut highly recommended, Salt and white pepper], title: Steamed Gingered Salmon with Warm Citrus Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3924: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Wash and thoroughly dry chicken. Cut wings off. Season inside of chicken with salt, pepper and rosemary. Sprinkle pineapple with cinnamon and mace, and then add 1 tablespoon Slivovitz. Allow to marinate a few minutes. Spoon pineapple inside chicken and pack tightly. Spoon a little juice into cavity. Tie chicken, passing the string around the legs and behind the parsons nose and then tie legs down tight onto the parsons nose. Place chicken into a small baking dish, standing in a pan of water.nAdd the pineapple juice to the juices remaining from the marinated pineapple, together with the orange zest and remaining 4 tablespoons of Slivovitz. Season with salt and pepper and add the juniper berries, vinegar and honey. Place the mixture into a saucepan, bring to a boil and then lower the heat and simmer 2 minutes.nPaint the chicken with some of the basting mixture and then pour a little more of the mixture over the chicken. Plate into the oven for 1 hour, 10 minutes. Turn the bird over 20 minutes before the end of cooking. Baste chicken from time to time. Remove chicken to a dish and keep warm. Place the remaining basting sauce into the pan juices. Heat slowly and strain through a sieve and add any remaining pieces of pineapple. Add the chicken stock and then thicken with arrowroot., ingredients: [1 3 pound chicken, Salt, black pepper, 1 teaspoon rosemary, 5 tablespoons Slivowitz, Pinch cinnamon, Pinch mace, 2 cups pineapple, 12 cup pineapple juice, 12 orange, zest grated, 2 teaspoons juniper berries, crushed, 2 teaspoons vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons arrowroot, 12 cup chicken stock], title: Rebhun Mit Ananas, picturelink: null}, 3925: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a bowl, blend the grapeseed oil, salt and pepper, mixing well. Add the cut chicken and again blend well, tossing the oil to coat the chicken.nNext, place the chicken on a nonstick baking pan and bake until the chicken reaches 165 degrees F, about 30 minutes. Once the chicken is cooked, remove from the oven and cool on the counter.nDuring cooling, heat the vegetable oil to 375 degrees F in a fryer or in a deep pot on the stove. Mix the flour with the salt and pepper blend. Once the oil is heated, in a large bowl, toss the cooked chicken with the seasoned flour, ensuring to coat the chicken. Once the chicken is coated, tap off any excess flour, and then place in the fryer to warm the chicken and create a crust.nCook for 4 to 5 minutes, and then remove from the fryer and place on paper towels to allow any excess oil to drain. Before serving, you can add additional seasoning to the cooked chicken if desired., ingredients: [14 cup grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, One 2 12pound average chicken, cut into 8 parts, 8 cups vegetable oil, for fryer or pot, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt and pepper blend], title: Oven Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 3926: {instructions: Measure the vanilla into a small bowl and set aside. Combine the baking soda and salt in another small bowl and set aside. Butter 1 cookie sheet with sides or jelly roll pan liberally with 12 stick of the butter. Set aside.nCombine the sugar, corn syrup and 12 cup water in a large saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil, attach a candy thermometer and cook over mediumhigh heat until the syrup spins a thread when poured from a spoon or reaches 240 degrees F on the thermometer. Stir in the peanuts and continue cooking and stirring until the candy becomes golden brown or reaches 300 degrees F.nRemove from the heat immediately and quickly add the remaining 1 stick butter and the vanilla, baking soda and salt. Stir only until the butter melts, and then quickly pour the brittle onto the cookie sheet, spreading the mixture thinly. When the brittle has completely cooled, break the candy into pieces and store in a tightly covered container., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks butter, 3 cups sugar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 3 cups shelled raw peanuts], title: Peanut Brittle, picturelink: null}, 3927: {instructions: Beat 1 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract and 2 teaspoons confectioners sugar until soft peaks form. Spoon jarred peaches and some of the juice into bowls. Top with the whipped cream and blackberries.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Peaches and Cream, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 3928: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small saute pan, melt the butter and sweat the onions until translucent. In a small bowl, mix the onions and crumbled bacon together. In a separate bowl, whisk together the eggs and milk, and season with salt and pepper.nIn a large, nonstick, 6cup muffin tin, place one crepe into each cup. Make sure that the edges of the crepes are slightly pleated and overlap the edge of the tin slightly. Spoon the bacon and onion mixture into each cup. Distribute the cheese evenly into the cups. Pour the egg mixture into each cup so that all of the quiches are the same size. Place into a preheated oven for 15 minutes or until the egg mixture is completely set.nIn a blender, combine all of the ingredients excepting the butter for coating the pan and pulse for 10 seconds. Place the crepe batter in the refrigerator for 1 hour. This allows the bubbles to subside so the crepes will be less likely to tear during cooking. The batter will keep for up to 48 hours.nHeat a small nonstick pan. Add butter to coat. Pour 1 ounce of batter into the center of the pan and swirl to spread evenly. Cook for 30 seconds and flip. Cook for another 10 seconds and remove to the cutting board. Lay them out flat so they can cool. Continue until all batter is gone. After they have cooled you can stack them and store in sealable plastic bags in the refrigerator for several days or in the freezer for up to two months. When using frozen crepes, thaw on a rack before gently peeling apart., ingredients: [2 teaspoons butter, 12 cup yellow onion, sliced, 4 strips cooked bacon, crumbled, 8 eggs, 12 ounces milk, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh cracked pepper, 6 ounces cheddar, shredded, 6 savory crepes, recipe follows, 2 large eggs, 34 cup milk, 12 cup water, 1 cup flour, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup chopped herbs, spinach, or sundried tomatoes, Butter, for coating the pan], title: Crepe Quiche Lorraine, picturelink: null}, 3929: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Place flour, baking powder salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a medium bowl and whisk to combine set aside.nCombine butter and sugar in a large bowl and beat over medium speed until mixture resembles wet sand and is airy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, letting each fully incorporate before adding the next. Add vanilla extract. Reduce speed to low, add flour mixture in 2 parts, and mix until just combined, about 1 minute. Add remaining ingredients and mix until evenly combined.nUsing a 2inch ice cream scoop, drop dough onto baking sheets, spaced about 1inch apart. Bake until cookies are puffed, set, and tops and undersides are golden brown, rotating sheets halfway through, about 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven, let cool on sheets 2 minutes, then remove to wire racks to cool completely., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon table salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 sticks unsalted butter 12 pound, room temperature, 1 34 cups packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups oldfashioned oats, 1 cup milk chocolate chips, 34 cup toasted flaked unsweetened coconut, 34 cup finely chopped toasted pecans], title: Beachcomber Cookies, picturelink: DRjjRGLma0lOJEtKASQPSbc21vuBH7W}, 3930: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil or parchment.nBreak up the cauliflower into evenly sized florets about 1inch long. You can use a knife to divide the large florets if they dont break easily.nIn a large bowl, whisk together 13 cup oil, coriander, mango powder, if using, cumin, salt and pepper, to taste. Add the florets and, using your hands, gently toss to coat.nPour the prepared baking sheet and roast until tender and slightly browned, 30 to 40 minutes, tossing halfway through.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, combine the yogurt with the lime zest, a splash of extravirgin olive oil, salt, pepper, and a squeeze of lime as much as you like.nServe the cauliflower with a dollop of yogurt on the side, and enjoy a whole new way to eat cauliflower, ingredients: [2 medium cauliflower heads use different colors if you can find them, stripped of leaves and main stalk chopped off, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus a splash, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon dried mango powder amchoor, found at Indian stores, optional, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 1 lime, zested, plus a squeeze of juice], title: Roasted Smoky Cauliflower with Limey Yogurt, picturelink: OPuqnPPAfVEGv8A7kwJvHGPdYdmxEe}, 3931: {instructions: Make the potatoes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the potatoes with 1 tablespoon olive oil and a generous pinch of salt. Arrange on a baking sheet bake 35 to 40 minutes, or until tender when pierced with the tip of a knife. Remove and let cool.nIncrease the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. In a castiron skillet, heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat until hot. On a flat surface, smash and break the potatoes with the back of a wooden spoon. Season with salt. Add to the skillet and cook until browned do not stir them, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip the potatoes and cook 3 to 5 additional minutes. Season with salt and sprinkle with the red wine vinegar.nMeanwhile, make the salmon: Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Arrange the salmon skinside down on the baking sheet. Dot with the butter and drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season thoroughly with salt. Use a finemesh strainer to sprinkle the cayenne over the fish. Bake, undisturbed, 6 to 8 minutes. For welldone, bake an additional 5 minutes. Remove from the oven.nMake the salad: Toss the parsley, tarragon, arugula and radishes. Serve the salmon and potatoes with the herb salad. Squeeze the lemon juice over the fish.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 pound medium red bliss potatoes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 6 to 7ounce salmon fillets, skin on, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Juice of 1 large lemon, 10 sprigs flatleaf parsley, stemmed, 6 sprigs tarragon, stemmed, 12 cup arugula, 2 to 3 small red radishes, thinly sliced], title: Salmon with Potatoes and Herb Salad, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 3932: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a medium baking dish. Add the steak and toss to coat. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 24 hours or up to 2 days. Bring steak to room temperature before grilling.nPreheat grill. Remove steak from marinade and wipe off any excess and season with salt to taste. Sear the steak for 3 to 4 minutes per side. Close the grill and continue cooking for 10 to 15 minutes for mediumrare. Let rest for 10 minutes. Cut into 12inch thick slices.nPreheat grill. Brush mushrooms with some of the oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side, remove and slice into 14inch slices. Place the warm beans in a large bowl, add mushrooms, herbs and tomatoes.nWhisk together the lemon juice, olive oil and garlic and pour over the beans. Add the cheese and season with salt and pepper to taste.nYield: 8 servings, ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive, 1 teaspoon coarsely cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 3 pound porterhouse steak, Kosher salt, 4 shiitake mushroom caps, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups warm white beans, cooked or canned rinsed and drained and heated, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons chopped chives, 3 plum tomatoes, finely diced, 4 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Grilled Tuscan Porterhouse with White BeanGrilled Shiitake Mushroom Salad, picturelink: null}, 3933: {instructions: Special equipment: Pastry bag 4 star tipnPreheat oven to 200 degrees F.nLine 2 heavy large baking sheets with parchment paper. Beat egg whites in clean large metal bowl on medium speed until foamy. Add cream of tartar. Increase speed to high and continue beating until soft peaks form. Gradually add sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating until siff peaks form, about 5 minutes. Quickly mix in strawberry extract. Stir in food coloring, 1 drop at a time, until desired color is achieved.nSpoon meringue into pastry bag fitted with star tip. Pipe 12 1 12inch high by 1 12 inch in diameter mounds onto each prepared baking sheet, spacing evenly apart. Bake for 3 hours, or until dry and crisp. Cool meringues completely on baking sheets. Store in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [3 egg whites, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon imitation strawberry extract, 3 drops red food coloring], title: Meringue Smooches, picturelink: BaQ2a6mugQGTdNOWXDntE9R8SQUFqR.}, 3934: {instructions: Prepare bulgur wheat according to package directions or, in a large bowl pour 1 cup boiling water over bulgar wheat. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit for one hour. In separate bowl combine tomatoes, cucumber, onion and garlic. Add the juice of one lemon. Add vinegar and oil. Toss to coat. Add mint and parsley. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Chill for at least one hour before serving., ingredients: [1 cup cracked bulgur wheat, 1 tomato, seeded and diced, 1 cucumber, seeded and diced, 1 onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons fresh mint, chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh parsley,chopped, Salt, Pepper], title: Tabbouleh, picturelink: null}, 3935: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the eggs in a pot large enough to hold them in a single layer. Cover the eggs with cold water and bring to a full boil over high heat. As soon as the water boils, turn off the heat, cover the pot, and let the eggs stand for 15 minutes. Drain the eggs and fill the pot with cold water. Set aside until the eggs are cool.nPeel the eggs and then slice them in half lengthwise. Remove the yolks carefully. Place the yolks in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and arrange the whites on a platter in a single layer with the cut sides up and sprinkle with salt.nTo the egg yolks, add the sour cream, cream cheese, mayonnaise, lemon juice, chives, salmon, salt, and pepper. Beat on medium speed until fluffy. With a small spoon, fill the egg whites with the egg yolk mixture. Cover loosely with plastic wrap you dont want to flatten the filling and refrigerate for 30 minutes for the flavors to blend.nWhen ready to serve, garnish with a dollop of salmon roe and some extra chopped chives. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [8 extralarge eggs, 12 cup sour cream, 2 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons good mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, plus extra for garnish, 4 ounces good smoked salmon, minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces salmon roe], title: Smoked Salmon Deviled Eggs, picturelink: QrukgOCubjbetFPw7HsKi9cixX5fL.}, 3936: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nHalve and core the pears and cut into 34inch pieces. Heat 1 teaspoon of the olive oil in an ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the pears and cook, stirring occasionally, until beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer pan to the oven and continue cooking until the pears are softened, about 5 to 7 minutes more.nMeanwhile, whisk the mustard and vinegar in a small bowl. Gradually whisk in the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a smooth, slightly thick dressing. Set aside.nToss the watercress, arugula, and endive in a large bowl. Add the blue cheese and dressing, season with salt and pepper, and toss gently. Toss the warm pears into the salad. Divide among 4 plates and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 Bosc pears, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 bunch watercress, stems trimmed, 1 bunch arugula, stems trimmed, 2 endive, thinly sliced crosswise, 2 ounces crumbled blue cheese, such as Roquefort, Maytag, or Stilton, about 12 cup, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Pear and Blue Cheese Salad, picturelink: null}, 3937: {instructions: Special equipment: pressure cookernPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nFor the tomatillo sauce: On a baking sheet, combine the tomatillos, garlic, Anaheim peppers, jalapenos and onions. Drizzle olive oil over everything and hit it with salt. Place in the oven and roast until the vegetables are browned and soft, roughly 45 minutes.nFor the pork: Combine the cayenne, coriander, cumin, garlic powder, dry mustard, oregano, paprika, thyme and 1 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in a bowl and mix well.nTrim the excess fat off the pork butt and belly and cut into 3 by 3inch chunks. Put the pork in large bowl. Pour the spice rub mixture onto the pork a little at a time and toss the pork to make sure every piece is coated with the rub. Let sit.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large frying pan. When the oil gets super hot, add a few pieces of pork and put a nice sear on it. Brown the meat on both sides and remove from the pan. Continue to sear off the remaining pieces of pork, adding more oil if needed.nWhen all the pork is seared, put it in the pressure cooker and add all the juices from the frying pan into the pressure cooker. Dont forget to get all the little brown bits off the bottom of the pan. This is called fond and its full of flavor.nAdd the garlic, Anaheim peppers, jalapenos and onions. Give it a good stir and turn up the heat.nWhen things are sizzling and rocking and rolling, deglaze the pot with the beer. Youre not going to have a lot of room to move in your pressure cooker pot, but get a spatula or wooden spoon down in there and give the bottom of the pot a good scrape to loosen the fond off the bottom to get them into the mix of peppers, pork, onion and garlic. Hit the pot with a good pinch of salt and some pepper, then put the pressure cooker top on and cook for 45 minutes. Then release the steam from the pressure cooker very carefully. Note: Please follow manufacturers instructions for this.nTo finish the tomatillo sauce: Remove the tomatillos and peppers from the oven. Remove the stems from the tomatillos and place them in a blender with the roasted vegetables. Rip all the leaves off of a bunch of cilantro and add that to the blender. Blend until smooth. Adjust the texture of the sauce with a few tablespoons water. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Put in the refrigerator to chill and set up.nRemove the pork from the pressure cooker and place on a baking sheet. With the back of a fork and a pair of tongs, shred the pork, and mix the belly and butt together. This should be easy to do after the pressure cooker has worked its magic.nWith a slotted spoon, remove the peppers, onion and garlic and put them all into a blender. Add one third of the liquid from the pressure cooker and blend. Use the liquid to adjust the consistency so you have a sauce that is not too thick. Taste and season with salt if needed.nFor the tacos: Heat the vegetable oil in a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Cook the chorizo until browned and cooked through.nIn a hot frying pan with some vegetable oil, add a handful of the shredded pork in silverdollarpancakesize portions. We want to get a little crust on the outside of the pork.nIn another frying pan over medium heat, warm up the tortillas one by one and cover with a towel to keep warm.nPlace a crispy pork pile on 2 stacked tortillas, then top with 1 teaspoon of the braising sauce, some chorizo, some shredded cabbage, 1 tablespoon of tomatillo sauce and some crumbled Cotija cheese. Sprinkle with cilantro, then hit it with a squeeze of lime and enjoy. It seems labor intensive, but trust me, the flavor will blow your sombrero off, ingredients: [10 tomatillos, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 Anaheim chile peppers, 2 jalapeno peppers, 1 yellow onion, peeled and quartered, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more if needed, Salt, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds pork butt, 2 pounds pork belly, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 Anaheim chile peppers, chopped, 2 jalapeno peppers, chopped, 1 yellow onion, peeled and quartered, 1 Mexican beer preferably dark beer, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more as needed, 1 pound ground chorizo, Corn tortillas, at least 16, 1 head Napa cabbage, very thinly sliced, 1 package Cotija cheese, crumbled, 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 3 limes, quartered], title: Nacho Deanos Tacos of Love, picturelink: ZYXPK2B.iHSLN3549SP6yro4HiG1SW}, 3938: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In saute pan, saute the onions in 1 tablespoon oil until lightly tanned. Add sauerkraut watch out for splashing and cook for 8 minutes more until dried. Using a plate as a template, cut tortillas to even rounds with paring knife. Lightly coat bottoms of 3 tortillas with vegetable oil and lay out on cutting board. Spread with 12 of the cheese. coat with single layer of corned beef, then sauerkraut. Cover with another single layer of corned beef, then with remaining cheese and tortillas. Press down to compact. Lightly coat tops with vegetable oil. Bake for 10 minutes until lightly browned on the outside and melted on the inside. Cut each quesadilla into 8 wedges. Serve with Russian Dressing.nMix all ingredients together well, and chill until needed., ingredients: [1 medium onion, cut in half, then sliced, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus extra for coating tortillas, 12 pound 1 cup sauerkraut, drained, 6 flour tortillas, 6 ounces Swiss cheese, shredded, 34 pound corned beef, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup minced scallions, 2 tablespoons drained chopped capers], title: Reuben Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 3939: {instructions: Make the shrikhand: Line a large bowl with a double layer of cheesecloth. Pour the yogurt onto the cheesecloth, gather the corners of the cloth and tie into a bundle. Then tie the bundle onto a wooden spoon. Lay the spoon across the top of a pot so the bundle hangs in the pot drain in the refrigerator overnight.nEmpty the thickened yogurt into a bowl whisk until very smooth. Stir in 12 cup superfine sugar, the cardamom, nutmeg and saffron if using. Taste and add more sugar, if desired. Shrikhand is supposed to be slightly tart. If its not, add some or all of the sour cream.nStir most of the raisins and pistachios into the shrikhand sprinkle the remainder on top. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour.nMake the pooris: Mix the flour and salt in a large bowl. Rub 1 tablespoon vegetable oil into the flour make a well in the center and gradually pour in 23 cup water. Mix with your hands until the dough forms a ball, then knead on a clean surface until smooth but still slightly tacky, about 5 minutes. Cover with a damp cloth and let rest, 30 minutes.nDivide the dough in half roll each portion into a 116inchthick round. Cut out about 20 circles using a 2 12inch round cookie cutter.nHeat 2 inches vegetable oil in a large saucepan until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Line a colander with paper towels. Fry the pooris in batches until golden brown, 1 minute per side. Remove with a slotted spoon drain in the colander. Serve the hot pooris with the cold shrikhand.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [6 cups wholemilk Greek yogurt, 12 to 34 cup superfine sugar, 18 teaspoon ground cardamom, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pinch of saffron threads optional, 12 cup sour cream optional, 14 cup golden raisins, 14 cup chopped pistachios, 2 cups wholewheat flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for deepfrying], title: Shrikhand and Pooris, picturelink: B7nXwXqknCV385th.enEcZyUMGUCQS}, 3940: {instructions: Place the tamarind in a large saucepan and pour in enough water to cover by 1 inch. Cook over mediumlow heat, covered, until soft, about 30 minutes. Mash and then push through a strainer, discarding the seeds and strings. Reserve the pulp.nMelt the butter in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Saute the shallots with the salt and ground pepper until golden brown. Add the garlic and cook 2 minutes longer. Add the chicken stock and tamarind pulp. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 10 minutes. Stir in the Worcestershire, cayenne and honey. Remove from the heat and keep warm.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Mix together the celery seed, cracked pepper, sesame and cumin in a small shallow bowl. Season the chops all over with salt. Firmly press each into the seed mixture to coat all over. Set aside.nIn a large, castiron skillet that comfortably holds all 8 chops, heat the oil to very hot but not smoking. Cook the chops in the bubbling oil until the seeds are golden, about 2 minutes per side do not worry about a few seeds slipping off. Transfer to a baking dish and bake 2 minutes for medium rare. To serve, coat each of 4 plates with the tamarind sauce. Top with 2 lamb chops each and serve., ingredients: [12 ounces tamarind pods, peeled, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 6 shallots, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 large garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon celery seeds, 1 12 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 3 tablespoons cumin seeds, 8 4ounce lamb chops, 34 cup vegetable oil], title: Seeded Lamb Chops with Tamarind, picturelink: null}, 3941: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the bucatini and cook according to package directions for al dente. Drain and set aside.nWarm the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots, garlic, red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper. Saute until fragrant, about 1 minute, then stir the ingredients and increase the heat. Add the wine and butter, about 12 tablespoon at a time. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced by half, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir to combine.nStir in the shrimp and cook on each side until pink and just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Toss in the cooked bucatini, parsley, tarragon and lemon juice., ingredients: [8 ounces bucatini noodles, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 shallot, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, smashed and minced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine Sauvignon Blanc or Pinot Grigio, 6 tablespoons salted butter, cut into pieces, 1 pound large shrimp 1620 count, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Shrimp Scampi with Bucatini Noodles, picturelink: nqEqhBLgpxJzcNcbwAXZfNUIb.Drmuq}, 3942: {instructions: For the collards: Add the stock, apple juice, onions, Cajun seasoning, bacon and collard greens in a large pot. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 1 hour. Then remove from the heat and drain the liquid from the pot, and allow the collards to cool.nFor the potatoes: In a large pot bring 1 gallon of water to a boil, then add the potatoes and cook until softened, 15 to 18 minutes. Then drain. Press the potatoes, half of the flour and the butter through a food mill or ricer into a bowl. Next add the salt and white pepper, then blend with a whisk. Taste and add additional seasoning if needed.nTo create the cakes, blend the potatoes with the collards in a bowl. Portion into 6ounce cakes, about 4inch rounds. To cook, heat a pan over mediumhigh heat, then add the oil. Dust the cakes with some of the remaining flour. Place the cakes in the pan and cook until browned, 3 minutes. Then flip and repeat process on second side, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the pan and serve., ingredients: [1 gallon chicken stock, 3 cups apple juice, 1 cup small diced yellow onion, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 6 slices hickory smoked bacon, diced, 4 heads collard greens, rinsed, 3 pounds peeled potatoes, medium dice, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 14 cup grapeseed or vegetable oil], title: Collard Greens Bubble and Squeak, picturelink: null}, 3943: {instructions: For the Chicken: Place chicken in a large baking dish, add buttermilk, turn to coat. Cover and place in refrigerator for at least 4 hours. Heat 1inch of the peanut oil in a cast iron skillet to 350 degrees F. Remove the chicken from the buttermilk, pat dry and season with salt and pepper. Dip each piece of chicken in the flour and pat off excess. Dip in the eggs then cornmeal. Slowly add the chicken pieces to the hot pan skinside down in batches. Cover the skillet and reduce the heat to medium high and cook for 7 minutes, remove the cover, turn the chicken over and continue to cook for 6 to 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels and transfer to a platter. Drizzle with the Ancho Honey Sauce.nFor the Ancho Honey Sauce: Mix all ingredients together until blended.nFor the ButtermilkBacon Potatoes: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and smash, dont puree., ingredients: [1 whole chicken 3 to 4 pounds cut up, 3 cups buttermilk, Peanut oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups allpurpose flour seasoned with salt and pepper, 4 large eggs, mixed with 2 tablespoons of water and seasoned with salt and pepper, 2 cups blue cornmeal, seasoned with salt and pepper, AnchoHoney Sauce, 1 cup honey, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 pounds red bliss potatoes, skin on and boiled, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup buttermilk, 4 cloves roasted garlic, smashed to a paste, 12 cup cooked bacon, crumbled, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Blue Corn Fried Chicken with Ancho Honey and ButtermilkBacon Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 3944: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine feet, tails, lamb, pork, beef, 3 12 cups wine, chopped onion, halved garlic, and ground pepper. Cover with plastic wrap, and chill overnight.nHeat oven to 300 degrees. Place marinated meat mixture in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil skim surface, and discard foam that rises to the top. Prepare a bouquet garni: Tie the parsley stems, bay leaf, and thyme together with kitchen twine set aside.nCoat a 5quart covered casserole or Dutch oven with lard. Season potatoes with salt and pepper. Line the bottom of the casserole with half of the potatoes. Top with half of the sliced onions and half of the leeks. Remove meat from marinade, and transfer to casserole. Strain marinade over meat, discarding solids. Top with remaining onion and leek, minced garlic, and bouquet garni. Distribute remaining 1 pound potatoes evenly in casserole. Pour remaining 3 cups wine over potatoes. Cover casserole.nMake the seal: In a medium bowl, combine flour and 12 cup warm water. Stir until mixture comes together and forms a dough. Roll dough into a log long enough to go around the casserole. Place dough over the seam between the casserole, and the cover to seal. Brush dough with egg. Bake for 3 hours. Remove dough seal, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 pigs feet, halved lengthwise, 2 pig tails, 12 pound boneless lamb shoulder, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 pound boneless pork shoulder, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 pound boneless breast of beef, cut into 1inch pieces, 6 12 cups dry white wine, preferably Alsatian, 3 small onions, 1 roughly chopped, 2 thinly sliced, 3 cloves garlic, 1 halved, 2 minced, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 fresh flatleaf parsley stems, 1 bay leaf, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 tablespoon lard, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, Salt, 2 medium leeks, white and light green parts only, well washed and thinly sliced crosswise, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Alsatian Meat Stew, picturelink: null}, 3945: {instructions: Steam spinach until tender and set aside to cool in a colander placed over a bowl to catch any excess moisture. Steaming preserves vitamins, so since it cooks quickly, be careful to avoid overcooking the spinach, which will negate that advantage.nCook bacon until crispy in a saute pan and remove to paper toweling to drain and cool. Pour most of the fat out of the pan and add the cream to the same pan over low heat, allowing to reduce by about onethird.nWhile the cream is reducing, finely chop the now cooled spinach, and return it briefly to the colander placed over a bowl. Cut the bacon strips into 14inch pieces.nWhisk the Parmesan into the reduced cream, and season with pepper. Since the cheese will add saltiness, add salt only if needed. Fold the welldrained spinach and bacon into the sauce. Transfer to a serving dish., ingredients: [1 pound fresh organic spinach, soaked several times in salt water to remove grit, wellrinsed and dried in a salad spinner, 4 ounces bacon about 4 strips, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup Parmesan, Salt and pepper, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamed Spinach, picturelink: r9WSr.NOgwO2Y9CbKtFij5fT.3nHcC}, 3946: {instructions: In a medium saute pan, saute peppers in 14 cup butter. Add corn, sugar, milk, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, make a roux with the remaining 14 cup butter and the flour by cooking it over low heat for a couple minutes until a pale yellow color. Add roux to corn mixture. Cook until thickened and then serve., ingredients: [12 cup diced green bell peppers, 12 cup butter, divided, 3 cups corn kernels, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon white pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour], title: Fried Corn, picturelink: null}, 3947: {instructions: In small saucepan over medium heat, bring the cream and cinnamon sticks just to boil. Remove from the heat and set aside to steep for 15 minutes. Remove the cinnamon and discard.nPut the chocolate in a medium bowl. Bring the cream to a simmer, pour it over the chocolate, and let stand for 5 minutes. Stir the chocolate mixture until completely melted and smooth. Transfer the chocolate mixture to a fondue pot, and keep warm over a low sterno flame or in a large ramekin wrapped with a cloth napkin to keep it warm. Serve with a selection of the dippers., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream see Cooks note, 4 cinnamon sticks, 8 ounces finely chopped semisweet chocolate, Cubed pound cake, Minibananas, Fresh or dried orange slices, Fresh or dried pears, Almond cookies, Coconut strips, Strawberries], title: MexicanStyle Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: null}, 3948: {instructions: For the wings at home:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the wings with salt and pepper. Arrange the chicken wings on a baking sheet in a single layer. Put in the preheated oven and cook for 45 minutes.nRemove the wings from the oven to a bowl and allow to cool. Cover and refrigerate until ready to finish at the event on the barbecue.nFor the Tequila Lime sauce at home:nCombine all of the ingredients in a resealable gallonsize plastic bag and combine well.nFor the wings tailgaiting:nPreheat a grill to 350 degrees F, prepared for indirect heat. Add all the wings and cook for 10 to 15 minutes to reheat and get some grill marks, turning after 7 minutes. Remove the wings from the grill to a serving bowl. Add the sauce and toss to combine, ingredients: [1 pound of chicken wings, cut into segments, tips removed and discarded, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup lime juice, 14 cup tequila, 1 tablespoon agave syrup, sometimes called nectar, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, 12 tablespoon freshly cracked pepper, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Tequila Lime Wings, picturelink: qXCETK1KtMa7Czkw7Q8OxXIylMv0.}, 3949: {instructions: Place a sheet pan in the middle of the oven for at least 15 minutes at 350 degrees F.nCombine the butter and chocolate in a mixing bowl on top of a pot of simmering water. If you dont have experience melting chocolate then be very careful not to burn the mixture. Never melt chocolate directly over the cooking element. Heat the chocolate mixture until melted and set aside to cool slightly.nIn a mixer on mediumhigh speed, beat the eggs, the egg yolks and the sugar for about 5 minutes, or until they are thick and a light yellow color. On low speed gradually add the flour and then the chocolatebutter mixture.nButter 6 6 to 8ounce ramekins and dust with the cocoa powder. Tap out the excess but make sure they are well coated. Pour the batter into the ramekins, filling them about 78 of the way to the top. Place on the preheated sheet tray and bake for 15 to 18 minutes. The consistency when done should be where the edges of the cake are firm and the top is still soft to the touch. This dessert has very thin line between being under and overdonenRemove from the oven and let sit on a cool surface for 3 to 5 minutes. Run a paring knife between the cake and ramekin to loosen the sides. Invert your dessert plate over the ramekin be careful, theyre hot and flip over. Tap the plate lightly and lift off the ramekin. Serve with vanilla ice cream and garnish with raspberries and strawberries, if desired.nIf the cake runs all over the plate you need to increase the cooking time. If the cake is hard and does not ooze chocolate, lessen the cooking time. If the cake does not come out then make sure the ramekins are well buttered and covered in the cocoa., ingredients: [12 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing ramekins, 6 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, 3 large whole eggs, 3 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, Raspberries and strawberries, for garnish], title: Volcano Cakes, picturelink: null}, 3950: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add salt and pasta and cook to al dente. Drain and reserve 2 ladles of pasta water.nWhile water is coming up to a boil and pasta cooks, make sauce. Heat a deep skillet over medium heat with extravirgin olive oil. Add garlic and cook 3 minutes, then remove. Add onions and cook 5 minutes then add cauliflower, chicken stock and the rosemary. Cover the pan and cook 15 minutes. Uncover the sauce, add 1 to 2 ladles of pasta water and mash the cauliflower with the back of a wooden spoon or potato masher. Add the pasta and cheese to the cauliflower and toss to combine. Season the dish with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound wholewheat penne rigate, Salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, cracked from skin and sliced, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 1 head cauliflower, stem removed and chopped, 1 cup chicken stock, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves stripped and finely chopped, 34 cup grated Romano, 3 generous handfuls, Salt and black pepper], title: Cauliflower Sauce With WholeWheat Penne, picturelink: i9Sc.RRGReoug3hBTMgIaUQCKTL0Wy}, 3951: {instructions: Mix the yeast and the warm water in a large bowl and let sit for 10 minutes. Stir in the agave syrup, salt and flour. Mix until well combined.nAdd in the oil and mix by hand or in a food processor for 6 to 8 minutes. Cover the bowl and let the dough rise for 90 minutes in a warm, dry place. Dough should double in size.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F and if possible, use a baking stone.nPunch the dough down and divide it into 8 pieces. Roll them into balls, then cover and let rest for 20 minutes to let the dough relax.nDust a clean work surface with flour, then roll each ball out to 18inch thick and approximately 6 inches in diameter. Cook on baking stone until puffed and starting to brown about 6 minutes each side. Spritz the oven with water, during baking, to create nice crisp pitas., ingredients: [2 teaspoons active dry yeast, from 1 package, 1 14 cups warm water, 1 tablespoon agave syrup, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil], title: Pita Bread, picturelink: null}, 3952: {instructions: In a large heavy skillet saute the onion in the oil over moderately high heat, stirring, until it is golden brown. In a mortar with a pestle crush the coriander seeds and the aniseed, stir them into the onion mixture with the chili powder, the sugar, the cinnamon, and the cloves, and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, for 1 minute. Stir in the cocoa powder, the peanut butter, 2 cups of the broth, the tomatoes, the raisins, the garlic paste, and salt, to taste, and simmer the sauce, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes.nWhile the sauce is cooking cut off the wing tips, reserving them for another use such as stock if desired, and halve the wings at the joint. Pat the wings dry, season them with salt and pepper. On the oiled rack of a broiler pan, broil them, skin side up, under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 10 minutes, or until they are golden. Turn the wings and broil them for 10 minutes more, or until they are golden.nIn a blender or food processor puree the sauce in batches, adding the remaining broth as necessary to thin it to the desired consistency. Transfer the sauce to the skillet, add the wings, and simmer the mixture, uncovered, for 30 minutes. Serve the wings with the mole sauce over the rice, sprinkled with the sesame seeds., ingredients: [3 cups chopped onion, 3 tablespoons vegetables oil, 12 teaspoon coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon aniseed, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons sugar, 34 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, 2 to 3 cups chicken broth, 1 16ounce can tomatoes, drained and chopped, 2 tablespoons raisins, 3 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 34, teaspoon salt, 2 pounds turkey wings about 10, Cooked rice, as an accompaniment, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds], title: Turkey Wings with Easy Mole Sauce, picturelink: null}, 3953: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCut the bacon in half lengthwise to make twice as many slices. Set aside. To remove the pits from the dates, cut the tips off each end of the dates and insert the flat end of the skewer until it pushes the pit out of the date. Repeat with remaining dates.nPlace the ricotta in the bottom corner of a strong plastic bag and seal tightly. Use scissors to cut a small hole in the tip of 1 of the corners. Now use the bag like a piping bag to fill the dates with the cheese.nWrap the ricotta stuffed dates with a slice of bacon and secure with a toothpick through the belly of the date. Arrange all the prepared dates on a parchmentlined baking sheet, allowing at least a little space between each one for good browning. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes or until bacon is browned and crispy. Remove from the baking sheet and gently remove toothpicks. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound about 12 to 13 slices bacon, preferably thickcut, 25 Medjool dates about 34 pound, 13 cup ricotta cheese, Special Equipment: toothpicks, a bamboo skewer for removing pits], title: RicottaStuffed BaconWrapped Dates, picturelink: Qks0sFNwWKbcE1aoBUpMo0rmEPr78s2}, 3954: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a bowl stir together flour, salt, and baking soda. In another large bowl stir together butter, both sugars, eggs, vanilla and cocoa. Gradually stir flour mixture into butter mixture and mix until combined. Stir chocolate chips and walnuts, if using, and stir to distribute evenly.nFor cookies: Drop dough by tablespoonfuls onto greased baking sheets and bake about 10 minutes. Cool on a baking rack.nFor bars: Pat dough into a greased 9 inch square baking pan and bake 20 to 25 minutes. Cut into squares when cooled, ingredients: [2 14 cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 sticks butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa, 2 cups chocolate chips, 2 Hersheys chocolate bars, chopped or MMS, 1 cup chopped walnuts optional], title: Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 3955: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet or pot over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and cook until starting to turn translucent, a couple of minutes. Add the garlic and stir, cooking 1 minute, making sure not to brown the garlic.nAdd the ground beef and cook until brown. Drain off most of the excess fat. Add the ground thyme, red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper. Stir to combine. Dump in the canned tomatoes with their juices. Stir, reduce the heat to low and cover the pot. Cook for 30 minutes, stirring a couple of times. Uncover the pot and cook an additional 30 minutes.nCook the rigatoni according to the package directionsdont overcook Drain and place individual portions into bowls.nStir 14 to 12 cup grated Parmesan into the sauce. Check and adjust the seasonings. Ladle the sauce over the cooked pasta, top with more Parmesan and serve with extra Parmesan for sprinkling., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 large onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 generous teaspoon ground thyme, Red pepper flakes, to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 14ounce cans whole tomatoes, 1 12 to 2 pounds rigatoni, 14 to 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for serving], title: Pasta Alla Ladd, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 3956: {instructions: Arrange beans on a steamer rack in a large pan over 1inch water. Cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat. Steam until tender about 8 minutes. Plunge beans into cold water to stop the cooking. Pulse in a food processor or pass through a food mill fitted with the medium disk. Add formula, breast milk, or boiled and cooled water as needed. Fill 14 cup plastic containers or ice cube trays with puree. Use same method for green peas., ingredients: [2 pounds green beans], title: Green Beans  Babyfood, picturelink: null}, 3957: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large, deep pot over medium heat until it reaches 375 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, seafood seasoning, baking soda and a pinch of salt. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and gently stir in the beer. Mix with a fork until just combined. Dip the fish fillets in the batter, coating the fish generously.nFry the fish: Start by dipping about onethird to onehalf of a fillet into the oil and wait for the batter to start puffing before sliding the rest of the fillet in. Fry the battered fillets until golden brown and crispy, turning once, about 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels, blotting excess oil. Arrange the fish on a baking sheet lined with a cooling rack, and hold in the oven until serving.nSlice the poboy rolls lengthwise almost threequarters of the way through and scoop out some of the insides. Schmear the rolls with tartar sauce. Add the fried fish and top with some lettuce, pickles, tomatoes and red onion. Slice the sandwich in half on the bias before serving.nCombine the mayonnaise, shallots, cornichons, mustard, celery salt, cayenne and malt vinegar in a bowl. Season with salt, if needed. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [Peanut or vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt, 1 12 bottles beer, cold, Four 8ounce fluke fillets, skinned, 4 standard poboy rolls, Tartar Sauce, for spreading, recipe follows, Lettuce, shredded, for serving, Pickles, thinly sliced on the bias, for serving, Thinly sliced plum tomatoes, for serving, Very thinly sliced red onions, for serving, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 shallot, finely diced, 34 cup finely chopped cornichons, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 12 teaspoon celery salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon malt vinegar, Kosher salt], title: Fried Fluke Poboys, picturelink: I5sXzpAzysGHvByFJlhqp8cavsTNx5C}, 3958: {instructions: Melt the butter in a heavybased medium saucepan. Add the brown sugar and cook until dissolved, stirring occasionally, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the cream, bring to a simmer, stirring, and cook until you have a nice thick butterscotch sauce.nMeanwhile, combine the corn flour and salt in a bowl. Whisk in a couple tablespoons of the milk until smooth, then whisk the mixture into the remaining milk in a large bowl.nWhisk in the egg yolks and vanilla and then gradually add the hot butterscotch sauce, whisking constantly. Wipe out the saucepan and strain the mixture through a finemesh sieve back into the pan. Cook over medium heat, stirring regularly, until the custard starts to thicken, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vodka.nPour into pretty glasses or ramekins and chill for at least 1 hour and up to 3 days.nServe garnished with honeycomb., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 150 grams5.5 ounces dark brown sugar, 225 milliliters7.5 ounces cream, 2 tablespoons corn flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 375 milliliters12.5 ounces milk, 3 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons hazelnut vodka, Honeycomb, crushed, for garnish], title: Butterscotch Vodka Pudding, picturelink: mFk69bB6BLR044QBqq7WoB00OYH62}, 3959: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, using a hand beater, beat the egg whites, cream of tartar, salt and vanilla until soft peaks form. Gradually add the sugar and beat until the sugar dissolves and stiff peaks form, about 3 minutes. Gently fold in the chopped nuts.nDrop the batter onto silicone mats or parchment lined baking sheets will need 2 with a teaspoon, spacing at least 2 inches apart. Bake until the meringues are dried through, about 2 to 2 12 hours. The cookies will remove easily from the parchment or silicone mat when ready.nCooks Note: Do not bake on humid days. Dye these any color to suit a seasonal event. For orange cookies, add 5 drops of food coloring., ingredients: [4 large egg whites, room temperature, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup toasted and finely chopped pecans], title: Nutty Meringue Cookies, picturelink: null}, 3960: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat 2 tablespoons of olive oil on medium heat in a small saute pan. Add the garlic, shaking the pan constantly. When the garlic begins to turn a golden color, remove instantly from the heat. Pour the garlic and oil into another container to stop the cooking process. Set aside.nPlace an 8inch square piece of parchment paper on a flat surface, in a diamond pattern. Salt and pepper the snapper and place in the lower third of the paper. Top the fish with 12 tablespoon of garlic and oil, 14 each of the tomato, red onion, and jalapeno. Add 12 tablespoon of tequila, a spritz of lime juice, and a little cilantro. Season again.nFold the paper over the fish and fold the edges over, forming an envelope. Making sure there are no openings. Repeat with the rest of the ingredients to create 4 packages.nTie the package with butchers twine, and bake for 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin oil, 4 garlic cloves, sliced paperthin, Salt and pepper, 4 6ounce fillets red snapper, 1 large round tomato, chopped, 1 red onion, sliced in thin rounds, 14 jalapeno, seeded, minced, 2 tablespoons tequila, 2 limes, juiced, 14 cup picked cilantro leaves, 4 8inch square pieces parchment paper, Butchers twine, for securing], title: Snapper in Parchment, picturelink: null}, 3961: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mist an 8inchsquare glass baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a small bowl.nBeat the butter and cream cheese in a large bowl with a mixer at medium speed until fluffy. Add the brown sugar and beat 3 to 4 more minutes. Beat in the vanilla and egg. Add the flour mixture and mix on low speed until just combined. Fold in the chocolate chips, hazelnuts and coconut with a wooden spoon.nSpread the batter in the prepared baking dish and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool 20 minutes in the dish before slicing.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 12 cup dark chocolate chips or chunks, 12 cup chopped hazelnuts, 14 cup sweetened shredded coconut], title: Blondie With Dark Roots, picturelink: 30PjJhwDGO.wP.P.1jExFJZM18Ju9WW}, 3962: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup standard muffin tins with paper cupcake liners.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Warm the grape jelly in the microwave until loosened, 20 to 30 seconds, and whisk until smooth. Set aside.nBeat together the sugar and eggs in another medium bowl with an electric mixer until light and foamy, about 2 minutes. While beating, gradually pour in the butter and then the vanilla.nWhile mixing slowly, add half the dry ingredients and then all of the milk. Follow with the rest of the dry ingredients, taking care not to over mix the batter.nRemove 2 cups of the batter and stir in the grape jelly. Evenly fill the liners about twothirds full, alternating with yellow and grape batter.nBake until a tester inserted in the center of the cupcakes comes out clean and the tops spring back lightly to the touch, 20 to 22 minutes. Place the pan on a rack to cool for 10 minutes, and then remove the cupcakes to the rack to cool completely, about 1 hour.nFor the frosting: Beat the butter and salt in a large bowl until fluffy and combined. Gradually beat in the confectioners sugar until smooth and fluffy. Beat in the milk one tablespoon at a time until the frosting has a nice spreadable consistency. Add the crushed cookies and continue to beat until any large chunks are crushed to smaller bits and the frosting has a speckled, greyish look.nFor the decorations: Arrange the cupcakes in 4 rows on a large serving plate or cutting board. Fit a marshmallow between each cupcake, 5 marshmallows per row, to fill in the gaps between the cupcakes. Spread the frosting over the whole rectangle so it looks like one cake. Sprinkle with the cookie crumbs and black decorating sugar.nTo make the tombstones: Use the black decorating icing and a small round tip to write RIP or other oneword epitaphs on the top half of the oval sandwich cookies and stick into the cupcakes randomly around the graveyard.nTo make the ghosts: Remove twothirds of the tube of marzipan and place between 2 sheets of wax paper or parchment. Roll about 18inch thick and cut into 3 rounds using a 4inch biscuit cutter. You may need to gather and reroll the scraps for all 3 rounds. Drape over the wrapped lollipops and stick into the cupcakes around the tombstone. Using the black decorating icing and the same round tip, dot eyes and a mouth on the ghosts.nTo make the pumpkins and leaves: Divide the remaining marzipan into 4 small pieces and roll each into a ball. Roll in the orange sugar until coated and place around the graveyard. Use the black icing to pipe a small stem. Fit the tube of green decorating icing with a leaf or ribbon tip to dot bits of green grass poking through the dirt around the graveyard and pumpkins.nTo make a border: Use 6 pieces of the licorice, trimming to fit, to make a border around the cake, leaving the middle of the front side open. Bend the seventh piece into an upside down U and stick into 2 cupcakes in the front to make an arched gateway., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup grape jelly, 1 cup granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 ounces 3 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 23 cup milk, 10 ounces 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 12 cups confectioners sugar, spooned and leveled, 3 tablespoons milk, 10 chocolate sandwich cookies, coarsely crushed, 15 large white marshmallows, 14 cup finely crushed chocolate sandwich cookies about 3 cookies, 1 tablespoon black or dark green decorating sugar, One 6.4ounce tube black decorating icing, with tips, 5 ovalshaped vanilla and chocolate sandwich cookies, One 7ounce tube marzipan, 3 round lollipops, wrapped, 14 cup orange decorating sugar, One 6.4ounce tube green decorating icing, with tips, Seven 8inch pieces black licorice], title: PullApart Graveyard Cupcakes, picturelink: FL0O8f2kYJsGDKAor.HhNwis8XyNbHW}, 3963: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly butter an 8 by 8inch baking dish.nHeat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the sausage and cook until brown, about 5 minutes. Set the pan aside to cool.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, salt and pepper, to taste, until smooth, about 20 seconds. Add the red bell pepper, 1 cup of Gruyere cheese and 14 cup of parsley. Stir in the onion mixture. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown.nCut the baked omelet into wedges and sprinkle with remaining parsley before serving.nCooks Note: To make individual servings, divide the batter between 4 buttered 8ounce ramekins. Bake for 15 to 18 minutes., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing baking dish, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, 12 pound mild turkey sausage, casings removed, 8 large eggs, 13 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 12 cups 4 ounces grated Gruyere cheese, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Baked Gruyere and Sausage Omelet, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 3964: {instructions: Combine the mayonnaise and sour cream in a small bowl with a snapon lid. When well mixed, refrigerate until serving time. When ready to serve, place the mayonnaise mixture in a large serving bowl. Top with the lettuce, tomatoes and bacon. Serve with bagel chips., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, Iceberg lettuce, shredded, 2 large vineripe tomatoes, chopped, 1 pound lean bacon, cooked crisp and crumbled, Sea salt bagel chips], title: BLT Appetizer, picturelink: null}, 3965: {instructions: In a large saucepan combine potatoes with enough water to cover by 1 inch and simmer until just tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain potatoes and cool until they can be handled. While potatoes are cooling, in a bowl combine remaining ingredients with salt and pepper to taste. Cut potatoes into quarters and gently toss with egg mixture. Serve potato salad chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 14 pounds small new potatoes 1 to 2 inches in diameter, 1 hardcooked large egg, peeled and chopped, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 14 cup finely chopped dill pickle, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallot, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves or 1 teaspoon dried tarragon or to taste], title: Potato Salad with Egg, Dill Pickle, and Tarragon, picturelink: null}, 3966: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine all contents of salad kit and chicken strips. Toss to combine.nCut focaccia loaf in half horizontally. Fill focaccia bread with chicken Caesar salad. Cut focaccia sandwich into 8 portions.nTake each rosemary stalk and strip bottom half of the rosemary from the stalk, leaving leaves at top.nInsert rosemary skewers through tomatoes.nInsert each rosemarytomato skewer into the top of each sandwich., ingredients: [1 bag Caesar salad kit, 12 package about 6 ounces grilled chicken strips, chopped, 1 loaf focaccia bread, 8 4inch rosemary stalks, 8 cherry tomatoes], title: Chicken Caesar Focaccia Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 3967: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace garlic cloves in a single layer in a small baking dish. Add 12 cup olive oil to cover cloves, cover with foil, and bake 45 minutes, until golden brown and forktender. Meanwhile, in another baking dish, toss tomatoes with enough oil to coat. Lightly season with salt and pepper and roast at same temperature until tomatoes blister, about 25 minutes.nStrain garlic cloves and set aside in a small bowl, reserving infused oil separately. In a blender, add the roasted tomatoes, roasted garlic, Parmesan, and basil. Pulse until combined. While machine is running, drizzle in 12 cup olive oil until pesto comes together. Season with 1 12 teaspoons of salt. Remove to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and reserve.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the linguine and cook until al dente. Drain.nMeanwhile, heat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons of the garlic oil. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper and saute until the shrimp turn pink and is cooked through.nIn a large bowl add the linguine and some of the pesto. Toss to coat and top with the shrimp. Garnish with toasted pine nuts and serve.nNote: There will be leftover pesto., ingredients: [15 garlic cloves, peeled about 1 head, 1 cup olive oil, plus extra for tomatoes, 1 pound cherry tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup packed basil leaves, 1 pound linguine, 1 14 pounds large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted], title: Shrimp with Roasted Garlic Pesto Pasta, picturelink: wrqkiH6Pnp89qV.gfHB6qPAjv9rhWtO}, 3968: {instructions: Wild Georgia Shrimp and Crab Cake:nPlace 1 tablespoon oil on a heated saute pan, add green peppers and garlic, cook for 30 seconds stirring constantly. Add shrimp and cook for 1 to 2 minutes until shrimp is pink. Drain excess liquid and place cooked shrimp, peppers and garlic in a medium mixing bowl. Add crabmeat, mayonnaise, mustard, lemon juice, egg and blackening spice to the mixing bowl and combine. Gradually add breadcrumbs until bound together. Form shrimp mixture into 2ounce cakes. Saute cakes in 2 tablespoons of hot oil for 2 to 3 minutes on each side over medium heat.nPearl Onion Marmalade:nPlace all ingredients in saucepan and cook over medium heat until thick.nFried Shrimp Marinade:nCombine all ingredients together and marinate for 30 minutes.nFried Shrimp Breading:nCombine all ingredients together and mix. Remove shrimp from egg mixture and dredge in seasoned flour mix. Deep fry in 350 degree F hot oil for 30 to 45 seconds.nChili Sour Cream:nCombine ingredients together and place in plastic squirt bottle.nBacon and Garlic Grits:nRender bacon in saucepot until crispy. Add garlic to pot and saute for 20 to 30 seconds.nAdd milk, cream and butter, bring to boil. Add grits and stir. Turn heat to medium and cook for 10 minutes, stirring often. If grits become too thick, add milk to thin it out. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus 2 tablespoons for sauteing, 12 green pepper, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 ounces wild Georgia shrimp, peeled, deveined, small, rough dice, 4 ounces lump crabmeat, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 egg, 1 12 tablespoons blackening spice, 1 to 2 cups bread crumbs, 1 pound frozen pearl onions, 13 cup sherry vinegar, 13 cup white wine, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 14 cup golden raisins, 1 bay leaf, 18 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon dried tarragon, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup chicken stock, 8 wild Georgia shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 egg, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 18 teaspoon granulated garlic, 18 teaspoon dill weed, 18 teaspoon celery seed, 18 teaspoon chipolte sauce Recommended: Tabasco, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornmeal, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon dill weed, 12 teaspoon celery seed, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon chili sauce recommended: Srirachi, 2 strips smoked bacon, small dice, 3 clove garlic, minced, 2 cups milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup whole butter, 1 cup grits, Salt and pepper], title: Wild Georgia Shrimp and Crab Cake with Pearl Onion Marmalade, Wild Georgia Shrimp, Chili Sour Cream, Bacon and Garlic Grits, picturelink: null}, 3969: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly oil the bottom of a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish. Arrange the fennel in the dish. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, then with the Parmesan. Drizzle with the oil. Bake until the fennel is forktender and the top is golden brown, about 45 minutes. Chop enough fennel fronds to equal 2 teaspoons, then sprinkle over the roasted fennel and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 fennel bulbs, cut horizontally into 13inch thick slices, fronds reserved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup freshly shredded Parmesan], title: Roasted Fennel with Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 3970: {instructions: In a medium size dry skillet toast the almonds until golden. Cool. In the same skillet, heat the olive oil, and cook the onion until soft. Add the raisins, olives, tomato paste and cook 2 minutes. Add the parsley, bread crumbs, milk, and almonds. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the egg, meat, salt and pepper. When cooled form into patties about 2 inches in diameter.nPlace the flour on a small plate. Place the eggs in a small bowl. Heat the oil in a mediumsize skillet, over a mediumhigh heat. Dredge the tortitas de carne in the flour, shaking off any excess. Then, dip them in the egg and place in the hot oil. Cook until golden and warmed through. Let drain on paper towels to absorb any excess oil.nYield: 6 to 8 servings, ingredients: [14 cup blanched almonds, 1 small onion, peeled and diced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup raisins, softened in hot water and drained, 14 cup green olives, sliced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 bunch parsley, chopped, 4 tablespoons dry bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 eggs, slightly beaten, 1 pound ground beef, browned and drained of all fat, or use leftover, cooked, and minced meat, 1 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 3 tablespoons flour, 3 eggs, well beaten, 12 cup vegetable oil], title: Tortitas de Carne, picturelink: null}, 3971: {instructions: In a large bowl combine 1 pint of the strawberries and the granulated sugar and with a potato masher mash the berries gently until they release their juices, being careful not to crush them to a pulp. Add the remaining 12 pint of berries. Let the mixture stand at room temperature, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour.nIn a bowl beat the heavy cream with the sour cream and the confectioners sugar until it holds a soft shape and beat in the vanilla. Split the biscuits horizontally with a fork, arrange the bottom halves on 4 plates, and spoon the strawberry mixture over them. Top the strawberry mixture with some of the whipped cream and arrange the biscuit tops on the cream. Serve the remaining cream separately.nInto a bowl sift together the flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt, add the cream, and stir the mixture until it just forms a dough. Gather the dough into a ball, knead it gently 6 times on a lightly floured surface, and roll or pat it out 12inch thick. Cut out as many rounds as possible with a 2 12inch round cutter dipped in flour and transfer them to an ungreased baking sheet. Gather the scraps, reroll the dough, and cut out more rounds in the same manner until they are 10 in all. Brush the tops of the rounds with the milk and bake the biscuits in a preheated 425 degree oven for 15 minutes, or until they are pale golden. Transfer the biscuits to a rack and let them cool for 5 minutes.nYield: 10 biscuits, ingredients: [1 12 pints strawberries, hulled and quartered lengthwise, 14 cup granulated sugar, or to taste, 12 cup well chilled heavy cream, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, or to taste, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 4 cream biscuits, recipe follows, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon double acting baking powder, 3 tablespoons sugar, if desired, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups heavy cream, Milk, for brushing tops of biscuits], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 3972: {instructions: Place a griddle or cast ion skillet over medium heat. Tear the chiles into large flat pieces and toast them a few at a time, pressing them down with a spatula. When they blister and change color, flip over and toast the other side. Cool and transfer to a coffee grinder reserved for grinding spices. Add the coriander, cinnamon stick, clove, oregano, and peppercorns. Pulverize the spices and sift through a mediummesh sieve into a large bowl. Add the nutmeg, ginger, paprika, an salt, then stir in the garlic and vinegar. Set up a meat grinder fitted with the coarse grinding plate and the sausage stuffing attachment, or use a sausagestuffing funnel for the stuffing procedure. Mix together the pork fat, loin, and shoulder and run them through the grinder into the bowl with the spices. Mix the meat and the seasonings briefly but thoroughly with your hands. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nIf the castings were packed in salt, rinse them for an hour before using. Run water from the tap through each length of casing to check for leaks either cut the casing where it leaks or discard the piece to be useful, a casing should be at least 30 inches long wit no leaks. Thread one end of a piece of casing over the suffer or the funnel mouth, pushing it all the way on but leaving a 3inch overhang for tying off. Begin feeding the sausage meat through when it first comes out, clamp off the end so that the sausage expands to a 1inch diameter. If there is an air bubble, stop the machine and work the bubble out towards the funnel end. Feeding the sausage through the grinder in an uninterrupted flow, slowly move the casing away from the suffer as the sausage fills in a continuous 1inch diameter link. When the sausage is about 6 inches long, pull off an extra 1 inch of casing and twist several times, completing one link and starting another. Continue until all of the sausage meat has been cased, stopping to thread more casing on as necessary.nEither twist the links several more times to separate them, or tie pieces of string between them. Place on a rack in the refrigerator, uncovered, for about 36 hours or until dry to the touch and somewhat firm. Set a dish underneath to catch drips. Wrap in plastic and again refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [12 pound pork fat, cut into 12inch cubes, placed in the freezer for 20 minutes, 2 medium ancho chiles, stemmed, seeded, and deveined, 2 medium pasilla chiles, stemmed, seeded, and deveined, 12 teaspoon coriander seeds, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon from cinnamon stick, 1 clove, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon black peppercorns, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 tablespoons bestquality paprika, 2 tablespoons salt, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 pound lean boneless pork shoulder, 4 to 5 feet of hog casings, in 1 or 2 pieces], title: Chorizo Toluqueno, picturelink: null}, 3973: {instructions: In a stockpot, combine the beans, pumpkin, and chicken stock. Bring to a boil. Cook until beans are tender, about 1 hour.nIn a saute pan, render bacon. Add onions, peppers, and carrots. Cook until translucent. Add to the bean mixture. Cook for around 15 minutes.nIn a blender, puree corn and basil. Add the mixture to the beans and cook for 15 minutes, stirring continuously. Season. Serve with paprika oil.nHeat up the oil and cook the garlic. Strain. Add paprika. Cool., ingredients: [1 pound dried black eyed peas, soaked overnight in the refrigerator, 34 pound large diced pumpkin, 3 quarts chicken stock, 4 slices bacon, sliced, 1 white onion, small dice, 1 red pepper, small dice, 1 carrot, coarsely grated, 2 cups fresh corn kernels, 10 basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Paprika Oil, recipe follows, 1 cup vegetable oil, 4 garlic cloves crushed, 2 tablespoons paprika], title: Porotos Mixtos: Mixed Bean Stew, picturelink: null}, 3974: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nCombine red wine vinegar, olive oil, and bourbon. Massage mixture into the beef with your hands. Marinate the beef tenderloin in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Place marinated beef tenderloin in a roasting pan, place in oven and cook for 30 minutes if you like rare beef, cook longer if you prefer your beef more well done. Let stand for about 1 hour. Place on serving platter and serve with fresh asparagus., ingredients: [1 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup olive oil, 1 cup bourbon, 1 beef tenderloin, Cooked asparagus, as an accompaniment], title: Bourbon Beef Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 3975: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a microwave proof dish. Cover tightly, cook on high 10 to 12 minutes or until carrots are very soft and tender. Pour into a food processor and blend until smooth., ingredients: [1 pound carrots, peeled and thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Microwave Carrot Dip, picturelink: null}, 3976: {instructions: Combine butter, Worcestershire sauce, TABASCOu00ae Sauce, and seasoned salt in a small bowl and mix well. Pour cereals, nuts, pretzels and cheese crackers into a large plastic ziptop bag. Pour butter mixture over cereal mixture inside Zipper Bag. Seal top of bag securely. Shake bag until all pieces are evenly coated.nTo prepare in microwave oven: Pour contents of bag into a large microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on high 5 to 6 minutes, stirring thoroughly every 2 minutes and scraping sides and bottom of bowl. Spread on absorbent paper to cool. Store in airtight container.nTo prepare in conventional oven: Pour contents of bag into an open roasting pan. Bake in a 250 degrees F oven for 1 hour, stirring every 15 minutes. Cool and store as directed above.nNutrition Information: 242 calories, 5g protein, 29g carbohydrate, 12g fat, 1mg cholesterol, 655mg sodium per serving, ingredients: [14 cup butter or margarine, melted, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 to 3 teaspoons Original TABASCOu00ae brand Pepper Sauce, 1 14 teaspoons seasoned salt, 8 cups of your favorite Chexu00ae brand cereals corn, rice andor wheat, 1 cup mixed nuts, 1 cup pretzels, 1 cup bitesize cheese crackers], title: Hot and Spicy Party Mix, picturelink: null}, 3977: {instructions: Season the beef with salt and pepper. Heat a Dutch oven over medium heat with 2 teaspoons vegetable oil sear the beef in two batches, adding up to 2 teaspoons more vegetable oil, until browned on all sides, 4 to 6 minutes per batch. Using a slotted spoon or tongs, transfer the beef to a plate as it browns.nReduce the heat to medium. Add the remaining 2 teaspoons oil to the pot add the onion, red pepper and garlic. Cook, stirring, until onion is soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the cocoa, chili powder, oregano, cumin and coriander cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the corn meal and tomato paste and cook until the tomato paste sticks to bottom and caramelizes, about 2 minutes. Stir in 6 cups water, scraping tomato paste from bottom of pan bring to a simmer. Add the reserved beef and beans partially cover the pot and adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer until the beef is tender, 1 12 to 2 hours.nServe chili with fresh salsa, lime wedges, and brown rice, if desired., ingredients: [1 12 pounds beef round, cut into 1inch chunks, Kosher salt and pepper, 6 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 to 2 teaspoons chipotle chili powder, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 tablespoons fine corn meal, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 14.5ounce cans kidney beans, rinsed and drained, Fresh salsa, homemade or storebought, for serving, Lime wedges and cooked brown rice, for serving], title: Beef Chili, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 3978: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the brown sugar, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and tomato sauce in a small bowl. Heat the EVOO in a large skillet or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook until well browned. Season with salt and lots of pepper. Add the garlic, bell peppers and onions and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Pour the tomato mixture over the beef, add the beef broth and stir until well combined. Simmer until thickened, 5 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the macaroni in a large pot of salted boiling water until not quite tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and add to the sauce. Pour the mixture into a casserole dish and top with the cheese.nBake until the casserole is bubbling and the top is browned. Top with the pickles and serve from the dish., ingredients: [3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, One 15ounce can tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 1 12 pounds ground beef 80to85percent lean, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 cup beef broth, 12 ounces elbow macaroni with ridges, 2 cups shredded yellow Cheddar, 12 cup chopped crisp delistyle dill pickles], title: Sloppy Joe and Macaroni Casserole, picturelink: BxCJc7XUZoZN.ew5MkFxGtrRbE98JW}, 3979: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPeel, devein, and butterfly the shrimp, leaving the tails on. Place the shrimp in a mixing bowl and toss gently with the olive oil, wine, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Allow to sit at room temperature while you make the butter and garlic mixture.nIn a small bowl, mash the softened butter with the garlic, shallots, parsley, rosemary, red pepper flakes, lemon zest, lemon juice, egg yolk, panko, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon of pepper until combined.nStarting from the outer edge of a 14inch oval gratin dish, arrange the shrimp in a single layer cut side down with the tails curling up and towards the center of the dish. Pour the remaining marinade over the shrimp. Spread the butter mixture evenly over the shrimp. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes until hot and bubbly. If you like the top browned, place under a broiler for 1 minute. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 pounds 12 to 15 per pound shrimp in the shell, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 teaspoons minced garlic 4 cloves, 14 cup minced shallots, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 extralarge egg yolk, 23 cup panko Japanese dried bread flakes, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Baked Shrimp Scampi, picturelink: IoW6VGfsMWB133b3.XiheQjbejJphm}, 3980: {instructions: Bring the stock to a simmer in a medium pot, and then set aside. Melt 1 12 tablespoons of the butter in a large saucepan and cook the shallots until soft, stirring with a wooden spoon. Add the rice and stir until translucent, about 4 minutes. Stir in the wine and simmer until reduced to almost dry. Ladle the stock into the rice slowly, stirring until it disappears each time. Remove the saucepan from the heat and add the mascarpone and Parmigiano, stirring until well blended.nPrepare a bowl of ice water. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Blanch the asparagus tips and stems until al dente, and then dip in ice water for 2 to 3 seconds. Place the stems in a food processor and add the creme fraiche and lemon juice. Puree the mixture until thick and smooth. Saute the tips in the melted butter over mediumhigh heat until well coated, about 1 minute.nTo serve, place a small amount of puree into a bowl, spoon some risotto over, and garnish with asparagus heads and fresh melissa, hyssop and garlic. Sprinkle sea salt on top to taste., ingredients: [4 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 1 12 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon, melted, 2 shallots, minced, 1 34 cups Arborio rice, 12 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, 2 tablespoons ParmigianoReggiano, 8 ounces asparagus, tips trimmed and separated, stems cut into 1inch sections, Sea salt, Ice water, for chilling, 14 cup creme fraiche, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Fresh melissa lemon balm, for serving, Fresh hyssop, sage or mint, for serving, Bears garlic, for serving], title: Creamy Asparagus Risotto, picturelink: null}, 3981: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F and lightly grease a 9 by 5inch loaf pan.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, and salt set aside.nMash 2 of the bananas with a fork in a small bowl so they still have a bit of texture. With an electric mixer fitted with a wire whisk, whip the remaining bananas and sugar together for a good 3 minutes you want a light and fluffy banana cream. Add the melted butter, eggs, and vanilla beat well and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Mix in the dry ingredients just until incorporated no need to overly blend. Fold in the nuts and the mashed bananas with a rubber spatula. Pour the batter into the prepared loaf pan. Give the pan a good rap on the counter to get any air bubbles out.nBake for about 1 hour and 15 minutes, until golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean. Dont get nervous if the banana bread develops a crack down the center of the loaf thats no mistake, its typical. Rotate the pan periodically to ensure even browning.nCool the bread in the pan for 10 minutes or so, and then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely before slicing. Toast the slices of banana bread, dust with confectioners sugar, and serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 overripe bananas, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup pecans, finely chopped, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Banana Bread with Pecans, picturelink: ZwOaJkGL4HtbarYJY0LENtDn96DnHkC}, 3982: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a large nonstick skillet over medium high to high heat.nOn bamboo skewers, thread 4 shrimp on 4 skewers, 4 scallops on each of 4 skewers. Season both shrimp and scallop skewers with salt and pepper on both sides. Combine paprika, crushed pepper, lemon zest and parsley in a small dish. Sprinkle combined herbs and spices over shrimp and rub. Add a 12 a turn of the pan of extra virgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons, to the hot skillet and sear the shrimps 3 minutes on each side or until curled and pink. Squeeze the juice of 12 lemon over the pan and remove to a warm platter. Return pan to the heat and add remaining oil. Cook scallops 3 to 4 minutes on each side or until caramel in color. Squeeze the juice of 12 lemon over the pan and transfer skewers to serving platter along side shrimp., ingredients: [8 6 to 8inch bamboo skewers, 16 jumbo deveined, peeled shrimp, 16 sea scallops, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 13 palmful, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, eyeball it, 1 lemon zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley, a handful, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan], title: Pan Seared Shrimp and Scallop Skewers, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 3983: {instructions: Special equipment: a bowlshaped wine glass and an ice cube tray that makes large square ice cubesnPlace the scotch, mezcal and simple syrup in a mixing glass. Fill the glass with ice and stir with a bar spoon. Strain into a bowlshaped wine glass. Add a large square ice cube to the glass, and gently rub the edge of the glass with the rosemary, then add it to the glass as a garnish.nFor the Creme De Cacao Cloud and Rosemary Infusion: Place the water, cocoa nibs and rosemary in a pot and heat you can also use a microwave. Once hot, strain and pour the infusion into a decanter. Add the dry ice to the decanter to make a cloud.nPour only a cloud of the Creme De Cacao Cloud and Rosemary Infusion into the glass not the liquid and serve., ingredients: [1.5 ounces scotch, 1 ounce mezcal, 0.5 ounce simple syrup, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 cube 2.5 by 2.5 inches dry ice, .75 liters water, 50 g cocoa nibs, 5 sprigs fresh rosemary], title: Highlander Cocktail, picturelink: I5rGuwXfUS8yz92YqFDofDXBa60J27O}, 3984: {instructions: Two to three hours in advance, combine the water, salt, sugar, soy sauce, peppercorns, ginger, anise, and bay leaves in a cooler large enough to hold the turkey and stir to mix. Taste the brine, it should taste like sweet ocean water. Adjust salt and or turkey to taste. Add the turkey, if it is not covered, add more water and adjust seasoning accordingly. Fill the cooler with ice packs and cover.nFry in 375 degree F oil until cooked through 10 to 12 minutes depending on piece. Remove the turkey and season with the same chile salt used for the fries.nNote: If you would like to do some of the cooking in advance, heat oil to 345 degrees F and blanch the turkey for 10 minutes. Later when ready to serve, heat the oil to 375 degrees F and finish cooking until a meat thermometer registers 170 and the skin is crisp and golden.nPlating: Arrange the turkey in the center of the plate, stick spears out of the turkey with the cranberry syrup in a small separate bowl. Sprinkle with chile salt, garnish with fried sage leaves. Dip in cranberry syrup, and enjoy.nServe the turkey, if desired, with sweet potato fries and garnish with sage leaves that have been fried at 375 degrees F for 1minute until crisp and translucent, not brown.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, sweat the onions and the ginger until the onions are translucent. Add the cranberries, orange zestjuice, vinegar, cranberry juice, and sugar and simmer until reduced by about 25 percent. The mixture should coat a spoon. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep the chunky sauce in the refrigerator until ready to use.nCut the sweet potatoes into spears and place in the prepared fryer for 10 minutes until crispy. Remove and drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with the chile salt.nNote: as with the turkey, the fries can be blanched in 345 degree F oil ahead of time until just tender, but not brown, and refried in 375 degree F oil until crisp and golden., ingredients: [1 12 to 15 pound small turkey cut with a cleaver: legthigh breasts cut into 3 parts, 8 cups water, 23 cup kosher salt, 23 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 3 tablespoons toasted Szechwan peppercorns, 2 tablespoons toasted black peppercorns, plus freshly ground black pepper, 10 14 inch thick slices fresh ginger, 4 star anise, 4 bay leaves, 2 bunches sage, leaves picked from stems, Cranberry syrup, recipe follows, Sweet potato Fries, recipe follows, 1 large red onion, jullienned, 2 tablespoons ginger, finely chopped, 3 cups cranberries, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 2cups cranberry juice, sweetened, 12 cup sugar, or less, to taste, Salt and pepper, 3 large sweet potatoes, cut into spears, Chile Salt:, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon Korean chile flakes, 1 teaspoon ginger powder, 1 teaspoon black pepper, Canola oil, for frying], title: AsianSpiced Fried Turkey with Sweet Potato Fries and Cranberry Syrup, picturelink: null}, 3985: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat a skillet over mediumhigh heat with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Cook the sausage rounds until they turn brown on each side, 8 to 10 minutes.nGrease the inside of a 12inch castiron skillet with the butter. Place the pizza dough in the center and spread evenly towards the bottom edge and 1 12 inches up the sides.nThe order of topping layers is very important to achieving a crisp bottom pizza crust. Begin with the sausage. Evenly lay the sausage on the dough, followed by the mozzarella and marinara. Sprinkle the garlic and oregano on top. Finish with the Parmesan and drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil.nPlace the skillet pizza on the bottom rack of the oven and cook until the edge of the crust is golden brown and crusty, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove and let rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound sweet or hot Italian sausage, sliced into thin rounds about 8 links, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 pound fresh pizza dough, at room temperature, 10 ounces whole milk lowmoisture mozzarella, thinly sliced, 1 cup your favorite marinara sauce or 1 12 cups crushed and strained San Marzano tomatoes, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Skillet Deep Dish Pizza, picturelink: LCuz5LcLUtFGd62jJ8TZfx251d1T1We}, 3986: {instructions: Toast the cumin seeds in a dry pan for 23 minutes over low heat. Grind to a powder in a mortar and pestle or in a spice grinder and set aside.nSeed the chilies and cut into julienne strips.nPlace half of the olive oil in one large frypan and half in a nonstick pan with a lid. Put the potato into the nonstick pan. Add the tumeric and fry, tossing and turning the potatoes.nAt the same time in the other pan, fry the onion and celery, stirring occasionally. When the onion begins to soften, add the garlic, lime leaves, chiles, cumin, paprika and saffron. Cook for a further 23 minutes, then season lightly with salt and pepper and turn off the heat. Leave in the pan while the potatoes finish cooking.nAs soon as the potatoes are cooked, season the fish steaks with salt and pepper and put them on top of the potatoes. Spoon the onion mixture over and around the steaks and pour over the tomatoes. Bring to boil over a mediumhigh heat, immediately lower it and cover. Cook gently for 710 minutes or until the fish is just cooked. Taste and season.nServe in large warmed bowl, sprinkled with cilantro., ingredients: [4 teaspoons cumin seeds, 2 fresh red chiles, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 700 g 1 lb 6 oz potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 cm 12 cubes, 1 12 teaspoons tumeric, 2 medium onions, sliced into thin rings, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 4 Kaffir lime leaves, optional, 2 teaspoons paprika, a pinch of saffron threads infused in 1 12 tablespoons warm water, 4 x 150170 g 56 oz fish steaks, cod or hapuku, salt and pepper, 2 x 400 g 14 oz cans Italian tomatoes, pureed and sieved about 2 cups, large handful of cilantro to garnish], title: Tunisian Fish Tagine, picturelink: WPQm4B033Ol7xd79T9PwhqgY9.jLNx2}, 3987: {instructions: Place a wire rack over a burner on the stove. Roast the poblanos on the rack and turn with tongs until blackened evenly. Remove from heat and set aside.nHeat canola oil in a medium heavy nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and zucchini and saute until golden, about 5 minutes. Add the cumin, oregano, garlic powder, tomatoes, green chiles and corn. Continue to cook until the mixture is almost dry.nMeanwhile, use a paper towel to rub off the skins from the poblanos. Make an incision on 1 side, and remove seeds and membranes from inside, while making sure to keep the poblano intact.nHeat a medium heavy nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Lightly spray with canola cooking spray for 2 seconds. Evenly stuff the 4 poblanos with the zucchini mixture and the shredded cheese.nCarefully place the stuffed poblanos in the heated saute pan and sear on each side for approximately 2 minutes, or until golden brown. Serve warm with tomato salsa., ingredients: [4 poblano chiles, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 small red onion, diced, 2 medium zucchini, coarsely chopped, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground oregano, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 4ounce can fireroasted tomatoes, 1 4ounce can green chiles, 1 cup frozen corn, 1 2 second spray nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup lowfat Cheddar, shredded, 1 cup tomato salsa], title: Chiles Rellenos, picturelink: null}, 3988: {instructions: Saute 1 pound trimmed, halved green beans in peanut oil over high heat until browned, 5 to 6 minutes remove. Add 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 minced garlic cloves, 2 teaspoons grated ginger, 6 dried chiles de arbol and 14 cup chopped peanuts cook 30 seconds. Add the green beans, 3 chopped scallions and 1 teaspoon each sugar and Asian chiligarlic sauce toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [], title: Spicy Green Beans with Peanuts, picturelink: s4pyTT4IpDPNaPbYax8MU6WI2Ad1o.K}, 3989: {instructions: To butterfly shrimp, slice down back of shrimp with small sharp knife, almost completely through. Spread and flatten to form butterfly shape.nCombine olive oil, vinegar, lemon juice, basil, parsley, oregano and red pepper flakes in shallow bowl. Add shrimp toss to coat. Cover and marinate in refrigerator 30 minutes.nRemove shrimp from marinade, discarding marinade. Grill or broil shrimp, turning once, until shrimp turn pink.nSpoon sauce over hot farfalle and top with shrimp. Garnish, if desired, with additional parsley.nVARIATION: Substitute 1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breasts for shrimp. Marinate and grill as above. Serve sliced chicken over hot farfalle., ingredients: [1 lb. uncooked extra large fresh shrimp, peeled and deveined with tails on, 14 cup olive oil, 2 Tbsp. balsamic vinegar, 1 Tbsp. lemon juice, 1 Tbsp. finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 Tbsp. finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tsp. finely chopped fresh oregano leaves optional, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Tomato  Basil Sauce, heated, 1 box 16 oz. farfalle or penne pasta, cooked and drained], title: Farfalle With HerbMarinated Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: nCa4thC1KIKow2sngy24JjJkRrfMdSu}, 3990: {instructions: In a blender, combine the marinade ingredients and blend until smooth. Place the chicken in a medium bowl, pour the marinade over it, cover, and refrigerate for 4 hours.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until soft and caramelized, about 20 to 25 minutes. Add the balsamic vinegar and cilantro and cook for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nPreheat grill pan. Brush eggplant with oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 2 minutes on each side. Remove and coarsely chop.nPreheat grill pan over high heat. Remove chicken from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes on each side until cooked through. Let rest for 5 minutes and slice thinly on the bias. Set aside.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace 6 tortillas on a large ungreased baking sheet. Divide the cheese, chicken, onions, and eggplant among the 6 tortillas and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nStack the tortillas to make three 2 layer tortillas and top with the remaining 3 tortillas. Brush the tops with olive oil and sprinkle with ancho chile powder. Bake for 8 to 12 minutes, or until the tortillas are slightly crisp and the cheese has melted. Cut into quarters and garnish with the Mixed Tomato Salsa.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nYield: 8 servings, ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 jalapenos, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 8ounce boneless, skinless chicken breast, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 large red onions, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 Japanese eggplant, sliced lengthwise into 14inch thick slices, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 9 8inch flour tortillas, 34 cup grated monterey jack, 34 cup grated white cheddar, Ancho chile powder, Mixed Tomato Salsa, recipe follows, 8 cherry tomatoes, quartered, 8 yellow cherry tomatoes, quartered, 8 yellow pear tomatoes, halved, 8 red pear tomatoes, halved, 1 jalapeno, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Spicy Chicken, Eggplant, and Caramelized Onion Quesadilla, served with Mixed Tomato Relish, picturelink: null}, 3991: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a baking pan with a parchment. Whisk the eggs in a small bowl.nRoll the thawed puff pastry into a 12 12 by 12 12inch square, trimming cleanly. Cut this in 5 equal rows in each direction to total 25 2 12inch squares.nAdd 1 teaspoon fig preserves and 18 teaspoon marcona almonds to half of the squares. Top each with the remaining squares. Score all 4 sides with the tines of a fork, closing the openings well.nOnce all are complete, vent with 2 diagonal cuts and brush each lightly with the egg wash. Sprinkle the tops with the sea salt, place in the oven and bake until puffed and golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 sheet puff pastry, thawed in refrigerator for 30 minutes, 1 10ounce jar fig preserves, divided, 14 cup marcona almonds, chopped fine, divided, Sea salt recommended: Maldon], title: Figs in a Blanket, picturelink: zNUuyM1ZMcDbX6y9R7V0O6caooiHdze}, 3992: {instructions: To make the reindeer and carriage: Refer to the templates and trace these shapes onto parchment paper or poster board. Use a pair of scissors to cut them out. Place another sheet of parchment paper on your work surface. Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered chocolate on the paper, being sure to spread it all the way to the edges. Lift the paper by its corners and move it to a clean space on your work surface. Let the chocolate harden slightly, 4 to 5 minutes. The chocolate will be firm enough to cut but it will not be hard.nWith the tip of a sharp paring knife, trace around the templates 2 reindeer, 2 stands, and as many of the pieces of the carriage that will fit, cutting through the chocolate all the way. You will need to repeat the process in order to finish all of the pieces. When you cut out the wheels, you can choose to use a heartshaped cutter. If you want to add more detail, cut a round circle for each hub of the wheel. Work quickly or the chocolate will become too hard to cut. When finished, allow the chocolate to set completely before removing the scraps. Now you are ready to assemble the carriage. With additional chocolate, glue the reindeer to the stands, and glue together the pieces of the carriage. For the wheels, suspend the carriage on top of an overturned bowl where you have clearance to attach them. Allow it to dry completely before removing from the bowl.nFor additional decorations, half fill a cornet with more tempered chocolate and cut a small opening at the tip. Use to pipe dots or teardrops onto the side of the carriage. When the chocolate is dry, you can dust with gold leaf or combine the gold with a few drops of oil to use as paint. You could also decorate with mini MM baking bits.nGanache: Heat the heavy cream in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan until bubbles begin to form around the edge of the pan. Place the chopped chocolate in a mediumsized mixing bowl. Gradually pour about half of the hot cream over the chocolate. Let stand for 30 seconds to melt chocolate. Slowly whisk it until smooth and homogenous. Add the remaining cream gradually the shock of the hot cream can cause the fat in the chocolate to separate or break, if added too quickly, and mix until all of it is incorporated and the ganache is smooth and homogenous.nIt should be thick, shiny, and smooth. Add the liqueur and mix to fully incorporate. Pour the ganache onto a parchment paperlined baking sheet to cool.nWhen the ganache has cooled to the consistency of toothpaste but is still easily spreadable, it is ready to be used. If the ganache has set too much, soften it by heating a small amount in a saucepan placed over medium heat until melted. Then quickly, but gently, stir the melted ganache into the harder, cooler ganache. If its still too hard, repeat the procedure until the desired consistency is reached.nCake layer: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a medium bowl with an electric mixer, combine corn syrup, egg yolks, butter, and almond flour. Beat at medium high speed until light and fluffy. Add dark rum or substitute vanilla and orange zest.nIn a large bowl with an electric mixer beat egg whites until foamy. Add sugar 1 tablespoon at a time. Increase mixer speed to medium high and whip to stiff but not dry peaks, about 7 minutes.nFold the meringue into the butter mixture all at once. Using a rubber spatula fold up from the bottom of the bowl, careful not to deflate the meringue. When the two mixtures are just incorporated, add the warm chocolate. Fold again, carefully. Use a whisk, if the meringue does not fold in well.nPour the batter into a parchment paperlined baking sheet and spread it evenly to the edges with a rubber spatula. Careful not to smash the batter or it will lose its air and the cake will be flat and chewy. Bake until the cake springs back when touched, or a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Cool cake in the pan on a wire rack. The cake will collapse slightly as it cools.nUsing an offset spatula spread the ganache onto the cake layer. Spread the ganache all the way to the edges. If the cake is uneven, use the ganache to make it flat and even as possible. Place the cake in the refrigerator and allow the ganache to harden, about 20 minutes. Then use the offset spatula to make the edges as clean and straight as possible. Place the frosted cake in the refrigerator for about 1 hour to set.nWhen ready to serve, remove cake from the refrigerator and allow to come to room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving. Heat a chefs knife in hot water wipe off excess water and cut cake into the serving size preferred.nDecorations: Spread about a 116inch thick layer of the tempered chocolate over a transfer sheet see note below. Use a chefs knife to cut the chocolate, but not the transfer sheet, to match the size of the cake pieces. Set aside and let the chocolate set about 15 minutes to an hour, depending on the air temperature. When the chocolate has set, lift each precut piece from the transfer sheet and place it, design side up, on top of the individual cake serving., ingredients: [6 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered, Chocolate Gift Cakes, for inside the carriage, 2 34 cups heavy cream, 28 ounces pounds bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 13 cup orange liqueur, 18 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted and still warm, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 10 large egg yolks, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup almond flour, Scant 14 cup dark rum optional, 10 large egg whites, 34 cup granulated sugar, 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered], title: The Carriage and Reindeer, picturelink: null}, 3993: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, combine the beans, roasted garlic, olive oil and lemon juice and process until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Garnish with fresh parsley leaves and serve with your favorite vegetables., ingredients: [2 14ounce cans white beans, rinsed and drained, 2 tablespoons roasted garlic, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Salt and pepper, 14 cup parsley leaves, to garnish], title: White Bean Dip, picturelink: s8Xxh168N7nKwGEBPeqvje93nJWwTVq}, 3994: {instructions: Sift flour, salt and curry powder into medium bowl. Add shortening and butter and cut in using fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Whisk egg and water in small bowl to blend. Add mixture to dough by tablespoonfuls until dough is firm. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Knead gently and briefly. Wrap dough in plastic and refrigerate 1 hour to rest.nHeat oil in heavy large skillet over medium high heat. Add onion and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add jalapeno, garlic, cumin and nutmeg and stir 1 minute. Add tomato, corn, chard and red bell pepper. Cook until vegetables are tender and almost all liquid evaporates, about 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cool completely.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 18 inch thickness. Cut dough into 6 inch diameter circles. Gather scraps into ball. Reroll scraps and cut out more circles.nPlace 3 tablespoons filling in center of each circle, leaving 12 inch border on all sides. Brush border with water. Fold circle over filling, creating halfmoon shape. Press edges with tines of fork to seal. Make a small slit in top of each empanada to allow steam to escape.nPlace empanadas on parchment lined baking sheet. Bake until pastry is golden brown, about 30 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 cups all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 5 tablespoons solid vegetable shortening, 5 tablespoons chilled butter, 1 egg, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno or Serrano chili, seeded, chopped, 1 large garlic clove, chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin seeds, Pinch of ground nutmeg, 1 large tomato, peeled, seeded, chopped, 1 cup fresh or frozen corn kernels, 1 pound chopped fresh Swiss chard, 1 cup diced red bell pepper], title: Vegetable Empanadas in Curry Dough, picturelink: null}, 3995: {instructions: Combine the 2 chocolates in the top half of a double boiler set over barely simmering water. Stir constantly until all chocolate is melted, then whisk in the corn syrup and water without removing the double boiler from the heat. Whisk until smooth and shiny. The sauce can be made up to 24 hours in advance and refrigerated. To rewarm, stir over low heat or heat in a microwave.nWhip the heavy cream and add the sugar when the cream starts to grow in volume. Continue whisking until light and fluffy.nBuild a banana split in a tall martini glass by placing a triangle of banana leaf at the back of the glass. Cut banana in half then split them lengthwise. Dip the cut sides in coarse sugar and caramelize with a torch or place under broiler. Lay in the glass like rabbit ears. Add scoops of ice cream, then chocolate sauce, whipped cream and peanuts. Finish with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 4 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, 14 cup light corn syrup, 13 cup hot water, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 banana leaves optional, 6 bananas, 12 cup coarse sugar, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, 12 cup salted peanuts, 6 large mint sprigs], title: Quickie Banana Split, picturelink: H2Xt0Sv5qVo6TqHeV4c0yi6qiSb6Iii}, 3996: {instructions: With the rack in the middle position, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C. Butter and line an 8inch 20cm springform pan with parchment paper.nFor the batter: In a bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.nIn another bowl, cream the butter and granulated sugar with an electric mixer. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until the mixture is very light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. On low speed, add the dry ingredients alternately with the milk and vanilla.nPour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, about 1 hour. Let cool for 10 minutes. Unmold and cool completely on a wire rack.nFor the coffee chantilly: In a large bowl, whisk the cream with the powdered sugar, coffee and vanilla extract until soft peaks form. Set aside.nFor the strawberries: Toss the strawberries with the granulated sugar and vanilla seeds.nTo assemble the cake, spread half of the coffee chantilly in the center of one slice of cake. Garnish with half of the sliced strawberries and half of the chopped walnuts. Layer with a second slice of cake and repeat with the remaining chantilly. Garnish with whole fresh strawberries and walnuts., ingredients: [34 cup180 ml unsalted butter, softened, plus more for pan, 2 cups500 ml unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons10 ml baking powder, 14 teaspoon1 ml salt, 1 14 cups310 ml granulated sugar, 3 eggs, 34 cup180 ml milk, 1 teaspoon5 ml vanilla extract, 3 cups750 ml 35percent whipping cream, 12 cup125 ml powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons30 ml strong brewed espresso coffee, 1 teaspoon5 ml vanilla extract, 2 cups500 ml strawberries, sliced, plus whole, for garnish, 14 cup60 ml granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 1 cup250 ml toasted walnuts, chopped, plus whole, for garnish], title: Oaxacan Wedding Cake, picturelink: null}, 3997: {instructions: Make the candied zest: Remove the grapefruit zest with a vegetable peeler and slice into thin strands. Place in a saucepan cover with water and bring to a simmer. Drain the zest and return to the saucepan cover with water and repeat 2 more times. Set the zest aside. Juice the grapefruit into the saucepan, reserving 1 tablespoon for the frosting. Add the liqueur and granulated sugar bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Add the zest, reduce the heat to low and simmer 20 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon set aside. Reserve the syrup.nMake the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then beat in the vanilla and the grated grapefruit zest. Reduce the speed to medium and add the flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with the milk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture beat until the batter just comes together.nDivide the batter among the muffin cups, filling each twothirds of the way. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out clean, 18 minutes. Poke a few holes in each cupcake with a toothpick. Reheat the grapefruit syrup brush generously over the cupcakes reserve the remaining syrup. Remove the cupcakes to a rack to cool completely.nMake the frosting: Beat the butter in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar, food coloring, grated grapefruit zest, liqueur and the reserved 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice beat until smooth, about 3 minutes.nSpread the frosting on the cupcakes. Dip grapefruit segments in the remaining syrup and set on the cupcakes top with the candied zest., ingredients: [1 red grapefruit, 3 tablespoons elderflower liqueur such as StGermain, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon finely grated red grapefruit zest, 12 cup milk, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 2 drops red food coloring optional, 1 tablespoon finely grated red grapefruit zest, plus segments for topping, 2 tablespoons elderflower liqueur such as StGermain], title: Candied Grapefruit Cupcakes, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 3998: {instructions: Wash and scrub clams under cold running water, remove any that are open or have broken shells. In a heavy duty pot, place the onions, celery, bacon, bay leaf, thyme, garlic, and the clams. Slowly cook for 10 minutes. Add white wine, and deglaze. Add flour and mix thoroughly, cook for about 10 minutes and then add the water and clam juice. After 5 minutes add the potatoes and cover the pot, and cook over mediumhigh heat until all of the clams have opened, about 10 minutes.nDrain clams into a strainer and reserve the liquid and vegetables in a large bowl. Once the clams are cold enough to handle, remove the meat from the shells and reserve, discarding any clams that did not open fully. Place the cleaned clams in a cup container and reserve.nPut the liquid in a large stock pot and bring to a simmer. Add the vegetables and bacon. Season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, the potatoes and cooked through and tender. Slowly add the heavy cream and bring back to a simmer. Reduce. Add the clams and serve. Garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [3 dozen small hardshell whitewater Manila clams, 1 medium yellow onion, finely diced, 1 large celery stalk, finely diced, 3 ounces applewood smoked bacon, about 12 cup diced, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 34 cup dry white wine, 13 cup sifted allpurpose flour, 1 cup water, 1 large red bliss potato, finely diced, 1 large Idaho potato, finely diced, 1 cup clam juice, 34 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped flatleaf parsley], title: New England Clam Chowda, picturelink: null}, 3999: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan, scald the milk by heating just until bubbles form around the edge of the pot the milk should not actually boil. Remove from heat and whisk in butter to melt, allow to cool 10 minutes. Transfer the mixture to the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a dough hook. Bloom the yeast by sprinkling it over the warm milk and butter. Add the sugar and stir gently to dissolve. Let stand 10 minutes until foam appears, this indicates the yeast is active. Turn mixer on low and add the egg yolks then gradually add the flour. When the dough starts to come together, increase the speed to medium and add the salt. Stop the machine periodically to scrape the dough off the hook. Mix just until the dough is supple and elastic, about 5 minutes. Once smooth, turn dough out on a lightly floured surface and knead gently for 2 minutes. Place the dough in a greased bowl, turning to coat all sides. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour. If you have time, let rise in the refrigerator for several hours because chilling will make the dough easier to roll out.nRoll the dough out on a lightly floured surface to about 12inch thick and cut with a floured biscuit cutter or water glass, about 3inches in diameter. Transfer to a greased baking sheet, and allow to rise again for 30 minutes. Heat 3inches of vegetable oil or shortening to 375 degrees F in an electric fryer or deep saucepan. Slip doughnuts in the hot oil, toprisen side down, and fry doughnuts until golden, about 4 minutes each side. To keep the oil temperature constant, fry 3 at a time. Drain on paper towels. Fit a pastry bag with a small tip and fill with jam. Poke a small hole in the side of the doughnut and pipe the jam inside. Dust heavily with confectioners sugar while still slightly warm., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 package rapid rise dry yeast, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 egg yolks, slightly beaten, 3 12 cups 1 pound cake flour, 12 teaspoon salt, Fat for frying, such as canola oil, 10 ounces raspberry jam, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Jam Filled Doughnuts, picturelink: MjOp7f2WRsSfv1Fr6DxuLM2tAd7ltAO}, 4000: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F.nIn a roasting pan, toss the asparagus with the olive oil and vinegar until coated. Spread asparagus out in a single layer, if possible. Roast asparagus for 10 minutes until tender. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving dish., ingredients: [1 pound fresh asparagus, washed, trimmed, and peeled, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Asparagus, picturelink: 2fC9g0EXsbtH4gqYNN1TKdlHHq23IiK}, 4001: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Clean and trim chicken breasts. Season each chicken breast with salt, pepper and garlic powder. On a plate, pour enough bread crumbs to coat the chicken. In a bowl, break 3 eggs and beat. Run each piece of chicken individually through the eggwash, coat completely with the bread crumbs and place on a separate plate. Heat some olive oil in a large nonstick pan. Place the chicken in the pan and cook only until both sides of the chicken are browned. Remove the chicken and let drain on a paper towel. Spread some sauce thinly on the bottom of a large Pyrex casserole. Place the chicken in the casserole and put into 425 degree oven and cook for 15 minutes or until almost cooked through. While chicken is cooking, place a large pot of water on stove and let come to a rolling boil. Salt the water until it tastes like the sea. Place spaghetti in boiling water, reduce heat to a simmer and stir. Cook spaghetti until done. Take a noodle out and taste to measure how done they are. When done cooking, drain the spaghetti into a colander. Take chicken out of the oven and spoon sauce over each piece of chicken. Cover each piece of chicken with cheese. Place chicken back into oven and heat until cheese is melted. In a saucepan, heat the remainder of the sauce. Take chicken out of oven and plate. Remove spaghetti from colander, plate and spoon sauce over the top. Grate Parmesan cheese over the top to taste., ingredients: [6 boneless chicken breasts, Salt, Pepper, Garlic powder, 1 container Italian style bread crumbs, 3 large eggs, Extra virgin olive oil, 2 jars mushroom and garlic spaghetti sauce, 6 pieces mozzarella cheese from deli, sliced about 18inch thick, Spaghetti, Grated Parmesan cheese], title: Tiffanys Chicken Parmigiana, picturelink: null}, 4002: {instructions: In a small saucepan, heat the milk with butter over low heat just until the butter melts. Remove from heat and add to the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a dough hook. Proof the yeast by adding it to the warm milk and butter. Add the sugar and stir gently to dissolve. Let stand 3 minutes until foam appears. This indicates the yeast is active. Turn mixer on low and gradually add the flour. When the dough starts to come together, increase the speed to medium and add the salt and 1 egg white. Stop the machine periodically to scrape the dough off the hook. Mix until the dough is no longer sticky, about 10 minutes.nTurn the dough onto the work surface and knead for a minute or so by hand. Knead by folding the dough over itself and pushing out with the heel of your hands, not down. Rotate the dough and repeat. The dough is properly kneaded when you can pull it and it stretches without breaking. Form the dough into a round and place in an oiled bowl, turn to coat the entire ball with oil. Cover with plastic wrap or a damp towel and let rise over a gas pilot light on the stovetop or in another warm place until doubled in size, about 45 minutes. Test the dough by pressing 2 fingers into it. If indents remain, the dough is adequately risen.nOnce the dough is doubled and domed, turn it out onto the counter. The act of turning out the dough naturally deflates the gas, so there is no need to aggressively punch it down. Handle the dough gently, overworking the gluten at this point will produce a dense loaf that is difficult to shape. To form a loaf, pat the dough into a rectangle, fold the long sides to the middle then fold under the ends. Pinch the seams closed and place in a greased 9 by 5inch loaf pan, seam side down. Make sure the dough touches all sides of the pan. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise a second time for 20 minutes or until the top of the dough is nearly level with the top of the loaf pan. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, place a large pan on the bottom rack of the oven. Bring 3 cups water to a boil on the stove. Pour the hot water into the preheated pan to create a steam bath for the bread. This will make a crisp crust.nSlash dough down the middle of the loaf with a sharp knife to allow the steam to escape during baking. Brush the top with remaining beaten egg white and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Bake the bread for 30 to 40 minutes until crust is golden and internal temperature reads 195 degrees F when checked with an instant read thermometer. The bottom of the loaf should sound hollow when tapped. Immediately remove the bread from the pan and cool completely on a rack.n Variation: To make CinnamonRaisin Swirl Bread: after the first rise, press the dough out to a rectangle, sprinkle surface with cinnamon and raisins to cover. Roll up like a jellyroll, pinch the seams closed and continue as directed in the recipe., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 package 1 tablespoon rapidrising dry yeast, 2 tablespoons sugar or honey, 3 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 egg whites, divided and slightly beaten, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds], title: Wonderful White Bread, picturelink: SHApKsvJmOBzLZGs4jc23gMzZd.tCwG}, 4003: {instructions: Mash the taro with a stone pestle, or poi pounder. Add water until the poi is smooth and sticky., ingredients: [Taro root, peeled and steamed, Water], title: Poi, picturelink: beRyaTQ5L.u9K7IBLRMh.db4YNwclGm}, 4004: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with paper liners for a total of 36 mini cupcakes.nFor the lemon cupcake: In a small bowl, combine the selfrising and allpurpose flours. Set aside.nUsing a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter on medium speed until smooth. Add the sugar gradually and beat until fluffy. Beat in the egg. Add the flour mixture in two parts, alternating with the milk and vanilla, and mix until well blended. Fold in the lemon zest and juice.nFor the lemon cheesecake: Mix together the cream cheese, sugar, vanilla and egg in a stand mixer with the whisk attachment until fluffy and smooth, about 3 minutes. Mix in the lemon zest and juice.nLayer the cupcake liners with lemon cupcake batter first. Then add a layer of the lemon cheesecake batter. Fill the liners with both batters about threequarters full because the cupcakes will rise. Depending on your layering technique, you may have more of one batter than the other. You can always make straight cupcakes or cheesecakes with the extra batter.nBake about 18 minutes. Set aside to cool completely.nFor the whipped cream cheese frosting: Using a stand mixer, cream together the cream cheese and butter. Mix in the confectioners sugar. Add the whipping cream and vanilla and whip until stiff.nPut the frosting in a piping bag and frost the cooled cupcakes generously., ingredients: [6 tablespoons selfrising flour, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg, at room temperature, 14 cup milk, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, One 8ounce package cream cheese, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 egg, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, One 8ounce package cream cheese, 12 stick 14 cup butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup whipping cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla], title: Gentlemen Prefer Blondes and Lemon Cheesecake Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 4005: {instructions: Combine the sugar with 3 cups water in a medium saucepan. Warm the mixture over mediumhigh heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves completely. Remove from the heat, and cool to room temperature.nAdd the basil to the sugar syrup and muddle the leaves with the base of a wooden spoon. Let steep for 1 hour. Strain the mixture into a 9by13inch glass baking dish discard the basil. Stir in the lemon juice and vodka, if using. Freeze until the mixture begins to set, about 2 hours. Scrape with a fork to form small crystals in the ice every 30 minutes to an hour until the mixture is fully frozen, about 1 hour more.nServe the granita in chilled glasses, garnished with the small basil leaves., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 cups loosely packed fresh basil leaves, plus small leaves for garnish, 13 cup fresh lemon juice from 2 to 3 lemons, 14 cup vodka, optional], title: LemonBasil Granita, picturelink: ecCAiIk4Xrwmagy2oldXb8l3RSLDvXa}, 4006: {instructions: Make a simple syrup by combining the raw sugar and water in a saucepan and cooking over low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and let cool.nNext, drain the water from the canned chestnuts. Place in a food processor and puree. Add the simple syrup and Grand Marnier, to taste, while blending chefs tip: make it a bit sweeter then you like. Lay the torn chunks of pound cake in the bottom of 4 serving glasses. Add 2 tablespoons of Marsala to each and then some chestnut puree on top of the poundcake. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nAfter removing it from the refrigerator, add layers of the whipped cream and caramel sauce. Top with blackberries and walnuts before serving., ingredients: [1 cup raw sugar, 14 cup water, 1 can boiled chestnuts, 2 teaspoons Grand Marnier, 13 loaf pound cake, torn, 8 tablespoons Marsala, 8 tablespoons sweetened whipped cream, Caramel sauce, 1 package blackberries, Walnuts], title: Chestnut Parfait, picturelink: null}, 4007: {instructions: Bring 3 quarts of water to a boil and cook the udon about 6 minutes, or until tender but not mushy. If the starch from the noodles looks like it is about to boil over, lower the heat slightly. Drain the udon in a colander, rinse under cold running water, drain again, and set aside.nIn the same, pot bring the 6 cups water, the tamari, and ginger to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer the broth simmer 10 minutes. Remove ginger with slotted spoon. Stir in the tofu and half of the scallions and cook 1 minute, or just to heat through. Place the miso in a bowl, then remove about 12 cup of the broth and stir it into the miso to dilute it and prevent lumping. Pour the mixture into the broth. Remove the pot from the heat so the miso doesnt boil. Stir in the sesame oil. Place the udon in large soup bowls and ladle some of the very hot soup over it. Garnish with the remaining scallions., ingredients: [8 ounces udon Japanese wheat noodles, or linguine, 6 cups water, 14 cup tamari soy sauce, 12 cup roughly sliced gingerroot keep skin on, 14 pound firm tofu, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 scallions, very thinly sliced, 14 cup white sweet miso see Note, 1 tablespoon Asian ental sesame oil], title: GingerMiso Soup with Noodles, picturelink: null}, 4008: {instructions: For the Steak: Mix together 14 cup of olive oil and the garlic and let rest for 30 minutes. Preheat broiler. Brush both sides of the bread with the garlic oil, place on a baking sheet and broil for 1 to 2 minutes on each side, until lightly golden brown. Heat grill pan over high heat until smoking. Brush steak on both sides with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes until golden brown on 1 side, turn over, reduce heat to medium and continue cooking to mediumrare doneness, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat, let rest 10 minutes and slice into 14inch thick slices.nFor the TomatoBlack Olive Relish: Combine all ingredients in a bowl.nTo assemble: Place arugula on 4 slices of toast. Top with several slices of steak and a large spoonful of relish. Top with the remaining bread slices.nSkillet Fries: Heat olive oil in a medium cast iron skillet over medium heat. Add onions and cook until soft. Add peppers and garlic and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add potatoes and cook until golden brown, season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 8 1inch thick slices of Italian bread, 1 porterhouse steak, about 2 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 vineripened tomatoes, diced, 3 tablespoons pitted and chopped Nicoise olives, 2 tablespoons finely sliced basil, 2 tablespoons finely diced red onion, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Arugula, Toasted Italian bread, Sliced steak, TomatoOlive Relish, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced, 1 large red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 large yellow bell pepper, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 6 large Yukon Gold potatoes, skin on, parboiled and diced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Steak Sandwich on Toasted Garlic Bread with TomatoBlack Olive Relish with Skillet Fries, picturelink: null}, 4009: {instructions: In a large singleserving bowl, sprinkle in the chicken seasoning from the ramen package. Add the sriracha and lay on the dry ramen noodles. Sprinkle over the shredded carrots and sliced green onion. Add the mushrooms and onequarter of the baby corn reserve the rest for another use, then pour the boiling water into the bowl. Set aside for 3 minutes.nAdd the lime juice. Gently stir with a fork, sprinkle over the chopped peanuts and serve., ingredients: [1 package ramen, chicken flavor, 1 tablespoon sriracha, 14 cup shredded carrots, 1 green onion, sliced, One 3.325ounce can straw mushrooms, drained, One 15ounce can baby corn, drained, 2 cups boiling water, Juice of 12 lime, 2 tablespoons chopped salted peanuts], title: Tea Kettle Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 4010: {instructions: Combine graham cracker crumbs and butter. Press 14 of the crumbs into the bottom of 4 dessert cups, lining the sides and bottom of each cup. Fill cups with vanilla or chocolate ice cream. Shave curls of bittersweet chocolate over cups using a vegetable peeler. Thread marshmallows on to a metal skewer. Hold the skewer over a burner at high heat and toast the marshmallows. Top each cup with a toasted marshmallow and serve., ingredients: [1 cup graham cracker crumbs, available on baking aisle, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 4 scoops vanilla or chocolate ice cream, 1 bittersweet chocolate bar, 4 large marshmallows], title: Ice Cream Smores Cups, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 4011: {instructions: Cut the radicchio in quarters lengthwise, being sure to keep some of the stem attached to each quarter. Trim off any dark bits of stem. Submerge the radicchio quarters in ice water for 1 hour to remove some bitterness. Put a plate on top of the radicchio to keep them under water.nIn a medium bowl, combine all ingredients except the mozzarella. Mix well.nPrepare a hot fire in your grill, or heat a cast iron grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nDrain the radicchio and place them on paper towels to absorb remaining water. Open up the leaves and spoon the olive oil mixture inside. Place the radicchio quarters on a baking sheet and pour the remaining marinade mixture. Season generously with salt and pepper.nGrill the radicchio until browned on the outside but still raw in the center, 3 to 5 minutes, turning occasionally. Be careful, as the oil mixture may flame up.nWhen the radicchio begins to brown, pull from the grill, open up a section of each portion and place a slice of mozzarella inside. Place quarters back onto the sheet pan and place the pan directly on the grill for 5 minutes to melt the cheese. Drizzle any leftover dressing over the top of the grilled radicchio and serve warm.nIf making radicchio in advance: Before the party, have the radicchio drained and marinated in the vinaigrette in the refrigerator., ingredients: [4 heads radicchio, 12 garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 pound mozzarella, cut into 16 pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Perfectly Grilled Radicchio, picturelink: kV0UtiPMuw9sR.JN4UnH8asUuacW01m}, 4012: {instructions: In a blender combine, warm chicken stock, poblano peppers, cilantro and 1 teaspoon salt.nBlend until smooth.nIn medium saucepan heat olive oil over medium heat. Saute onion until soft, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add rice and garlic and stir for another minute. Add chili puree, cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cooking until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender, about 15 minutes.nRemove from heat, fluff with a fork. Season with salt and black pepper, to taste. Garnish with scallions and serve., ingredients: [2 cups chicken stock, warm, 2 poblano chile peppers, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped about 1 cup, Salt, 3 tablespoons corn oil, 1 medium yellow onion, finely diced about 2 cups, 1 cup medium or longgrain white rice, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 scallions, white and pale green parts only, sliced, optional], title: Green Rice, picturelink: null}, 4013: {instructions: Place the olive oil, lime juice, herbs and garlic in a blender and make into a fairly smooth paste. Now place this in a bowl and set aside a moment.nMince the scotch bonnets, scallions and celery and add them to the herb paste. Stir in the paprika, cloves, mace, salt and pepper. Reserve until needed. Slice the chicken into strips and pound them between some film wrap to flatten them for the satay shape. Thread the chicken onto presoaked wooden skewers and place them on a platter. Cover the chicken with the Bajan spice paste, turning them once. Refrigerate until ready to grill them.nFor the salsa: In a small saucepan, reduce the orange juice over mediumhigh heat to about 2 tablespoons. Remove from the heat and allow to cool slightly. Place the remaining ingredients in a mixing bowl and combine with the juice. Set aside.nFor the rhum and pepper paint: Toast the black peppercorns and the cloves together in a dry skillet over moderately high heat until you see puffs of smoke. About one minute. Now grind them together in an electric spice grinder. Transfer them to a heavy saucepan. Add the remaining ingredients and heat all together on medium heat. The mixture will begin to foam as it reduces. When it has reduced by approximately half, about 2535 minutes, strain it through a finemeshed strainer into a bowl. Reserve warm until needed. Yield: 34 cupnTo cook and serve the dish: Heat a grill or grill pan until quite hot. Lightly oil it with peanut oil. Now lift the skewers out of the Bajan spice paste allowing any excess to fall off. Grill the chicken until just done.nServe the skewers mounded up against the fruit salsa on a large festive platter. Drizzle the Rhum and Pepper Paint all around the dish and serve. Rippled edible flowers look very nice on this., ingredients: [12 cup virgin olive oil, Juice of 2 limes, 14 cup, packed fresh thyme leaves, roughly chopped, 14 cup, packed fresh sage leaves, roughly chopped, 14 cup, packed fresh basil leaves, roughly chopped, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and roughly chopped, 4 scotch bonnet chilies, stem and seeds discarded, 6 scallions, trimmed, white part only, 3 inner stalks celery, 1 teaspoon hot paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground mace, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 boneless chicken breasts, skin removed, wooden skewers, soaked in water for 1 hour, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 1 cup mango, flesh only, diced small, 1 cup peeled and seeded papaya, diced small, 1 cup peeled and cored pineapple, diced small, 1 scotch bonnet chile, stem and seeds discarded and minced, 12 cup red onion, diced small, 3 tablespoons olive oil, A touch of salt and pepper, to taste, 2 12 tablespoons whole black peppercorns, 12 whole cloves, 12 cup sugar, 34 cup soy sauce, 34 cup light rum, 2 12 tablespoons of grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Bajan Chicken Satays with an Exotic Fruit Salsa and Rhum and Pepper Paint, picturelink: null}, 4014: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a 13 by 9inch glass pan with parchment paper, leaving a 2inch overhang and spray with nonstick spray.nWhisk flour and salt together in a small bowl and set aside.nIn a large bowl, using a hand held mixer, cream butter and both sugars together until light and fluffy. Slowly add eggs, 1 at a time until thoroughly combined. Add milk, vanilla extract, and peanut butter and continue to mix. Incorporate dry mixture into wet mixture in 3 separate additions. Using a spatula, fold in chocolate covered toffee bits.nPour batter into prepared pan. Bake in the center rack of the oven for 30 minutes. Remove when toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Transfer to a wire rack and allow to cool completely. When cool use cookie cutters to create fun shapes., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon whole milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 cup chopped chocolate covered toffee], title: Ginas Toffee Blondies, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 4015: {instructions: Put 1 cup peas and 13 cup chicken stock into a blender and blend until smooth set aside. Place a large, deep skillet over medium heat and pour in 3 tablespoons olive oil. Add celery and shallots and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes, until soft. Stir in rice, making sure to coat all the rice grains with the oil. Add wine and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated. Ladle in 1 cup of hot stock. Using a wooden spoon, stir gently until most of the stock has been absorbed. Keep adding stock, a cup at a time, and stirring. After about 10 to 15 minutes, test the rice. It should be cooked and creamy but still have a slight bite to it. You may not need all of the stock. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in the butter and Parmesan. Gently fold in the pea puree and remaining 1 cup whole peas. Taste for seasoning. Remove from the heat and cover while you sear the scallops.nSet a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat and add 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter. Pat the scallops with paper towels to make sure they are very dry. Season on both sides with salt and pepper. Add scallops to pan, making sure not to overcrowd, and cook until they are nicely browned on both sides, about 4 to 8 minutes depending on the size of your scallops.nCheck the risotto and add a bit more stock if it has gotten too thick. In a shallow bowl or plate, make a nice mound of risotto and top with 3 or 4 scallops. Garnish with the Spring Green Salad, Parmesan, and olive oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups fresh peas, cooked if using frozen, rinse under cool water to thaw, 8 cups chicken stock, heated, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped shallots, 2 cups Arborio rice, 1 cup dry white wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 pound diver scallops], title: Sweet Pea and Scallop Risotto, picturelink: null}, 4016: {instructions: Combine ketchup and pesto in a bowl and stir well. Serve as a dipping sauce with bread sticks, grilled portobello mushrooms, fried clam strips, or onion rings. Use as sandwich spread for burgers, grilled chicken sandwiches, wraps, or panini. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 14 quarts ketchup recommended: Heinz Tomato Ketchup, 2 cups prepared pesto], title: Pesto Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 4017: {instructions: Combine 2 cups water with the sugar, peppercorns, allspice and ginger in a small pot. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Simmer until slightly reduced and a bit syrupy, about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat, cool and then strain. You will have about 1 14 cups syrup.nMix the ginger syrup and lime juice together. Fill each pint glass halfway with ice and add 2 to 4 tablespoons of ginger syrup, depending on how gingery you want it, to each glass. Pour a bottle of beer over the syrup, and then slowly pour a tablespoonful of dark rum over the top so it floats. Garnish each glass with a lime wedge., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 34 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 12 whole allspice, One 6inch piece ginger, thinly sliced about 1 12 cups, 6 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Ice, Six 12ounce bottles dark lager beer, such as Negra Modelo, chilled, 6 tablespoons dark rum, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: The Dark and Shandy, picturelink: qgYCgAeGu28d7002lAb2md2qyudhDm}, 4018: {instructions: Scald milk in heavy bottom sauce pan. Add all other ingredients, cook on medium low until it turns into caramel, about 1 hour., ingredients: [4 cups milk, 2 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Vanilla extract], title: Dulce de Leche, picturelink: null}, 4019: {instructions: Put the brown rice, almonds, raisins, cardamom pods, whole cloves, salt, milk, and honey in a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, or until the milk is absorbed and the mixture has thickened and it resembles risotto. Serve the rice pudding hot or cold and top with seasonal fruit such as mango or berries., ingredients: [1 12 cups cooked brown rice, 14 cup slivered almonds, 14 cup raisins, 6 cardamom pods, 5 whole cloves, Pinch salt, 3 cups milk, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Bals Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 4020: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor combine the 3 smashed garlic cloves, prosciutto, crushed red pepper, and 3 cans of beans. Add 14 cup olive oil and puree until smooth. If the mixture seems too thick add more olive oil the mixture should be fairly loose. Taste to see if the mixture needs salt it probably will. Add the remaining can of beans and pulse to combine the mixture should be a little bit coarse. Taste again to see if it needs salt. It should be creamy and a little chunky and really well flavored. Remove from the food processor to a large bowl and reserve at room temperature.nPreheat a grill pan over medium heat.nGrill the baguette slices on both sides on the preheated grill pan. When the bread looks slightly charred and is crispy remove them and rub each crostini with the raw garlic cloves.nTop each toast with a big schmear of the bean puree and a drizzle of olive oil. Garnish with sage and arrange on serving platters to serve. Bravissimo, ingredients: [3 garlic cloves, smashed and finely chopped, plus 2 whole cloves, 34 cup finely diced prosciutto, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 4 cans cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt, 2 baguettes, sliced on the bias, 14 cup finely chopped sage], title: White Bean and Prosciutto Crostini with Sage, picturelink: null}, 4021: {instructions: Mix together the olive oil, lemon zest and juice and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. In a large bowl, gently toss together the greens, tomatoes, chickpeas, cucumbers, shallot and feta.nToss the dressing with the salad just before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, plus 3 tablespoons lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 cups mixed greens about 10 ounces, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise, One 15ounce can chickpeas, drained, 2 kirby cucumbers, sliced into halfmoons, 1 large shallot, chopped, 12 cup crumbled plain or herbed feta, crumbled], title: Chickpea Feta Salad over Greens, picturelink: XLocMrHJ7lYM1JQ5JdsvYULoVnJaswO}, 4022: {instructions: If serving rice in fresh pineapple, halve the pineapple lengthwise, leaving the leafy top intact and cutting through it. Hollow out each half, reserving 1 cup of the fruit for the rice and extra for garnishing. Save remaining pineapple for another use. Make a small slice on the outside of each half to create a flat base to hold the pineapple steady. Set aside.nCrumble the cold rice between your fingers to separate the grains, and set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a wok or large skillet, swirling to coat the pan. Add the onion and toss until soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and toss until fragrant and soft, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the ginger and toss for another minute.nAdd the remaining tablespoon of oil, then add the rice. Fry for 2 to 3 minutes over high heat, then add the beans, tomatoes, and pineapple, and fry 2 to 3 minutes more. Add the fish sauce and sugar, and toss until ingredients are well combined and rice is heated thoroughly, about 5 minutes. Add the green onions and toss to combine. Remove from the heat and transfer to a serving platter, or if using fresh pineapple, fill each half of prepared pineapple with warm rice and garnish with extra chunks of pineapple., ingredients: [1 ripe pineapple, for serving rice optional, 4 cups cooked longgrain rice, such as jasmine, chilled, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 small onion, finely diced, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 cup blanched, sliced Chinese long beans, 12 cup seeded, diced tomatoes, 1 cup finely chopped fresh pineapple, 3 tablespoons Thai fish sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 3 green onions, thinly sliced diagonally], title: Pineapple Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 4023: {instructions: Special equipment: SmokernIn a small bowl, mix brown sugar, seasoning salt, and pepper together. Rub brown sugar mixture on ribs, coating the entire rib, and place in a large resealable plastic bag. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours the longer, the better.nPrepare a smoker, using charcoal heat to 225 to 250 degrees F. When the coals have burned to ash, add wood chips, preferably apple wood chips. Place ribs in smoker and cook for 3 hours at 225 to 250 degrees F. Using a spray bottle, spray ribs with apple juice every 45 minutes. After 3 hours, remove ribs from smoker, wrap in aluminum foil, and return to the smoker to cook for 2 more hours.nAfter 2 more hours, open foil and brush your favorite BBQ sauce and honey over the ribs. Leave foil open and then cook for 30 more minutes. Remove ribs from smoker. When cool enough to handle, cut ribs in half. Drizzle a little more honey over top and serve., ingredients: [12 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons seasoning salt recommended: Lawrys, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 rack baby back ribs, skinned, 1 cup apple juice, 12 cup favorite BBQ sauce, or more to taste, 18 cup honey, or more to taste], title: Ward Winning Ribs Sticky Ribs, picturelink: 65GrtwBM0hOIU9VPiFoG1jkT.MLBrH6}, 4024: {instructions: Cut the zucchini in thick slices. Crumble the cheese. In a medium size bowl, combine the zucchini and cheese with the green onion, poblano chiles, sea salt and pepper. Add the Avocado Dressing and mix gently. Refrigerate for 20 to 25 minutes.nServe on bed of lettuce leaves and garnish with the olives., ingredients: [1 pound zucchini, steamed whole, 3 ounces Panela cheese, 2 tablespoons sliced green onion, 2 roasted and peeled poblano chiles, cut in strips, Sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 14 cup pimientostuffed olives, sliced], title: Ensalada Esmeralda with Avocado Dressing, picturelink: null}, 4025: {instructions: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nDrizzle the chicken lightly with olive oil and season both sides with salt and pepper. Place on the grill pan and cook for 8 minutes per side, or until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat reaches 165 degrees F. Remove from the grill and rest for 5 minutes.nChop the chicken and add it to a medium bowl. Add the mustard mayo sauce and toss well. Reserve.nAdd the mixed greens to a bowl along with the cucumber, almonds, and feta cheese.nAdd the orange juice, olive oil, honey, mustard and rice wine vinegar to a mason jar and shake to emulsify. Toss the salad greens with the dressing. Divide among dinner plates and top with the chopped chicken., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons creamy mustardmayo sauce, such as Durkeeu00bfs Sauce, One 5ounce package baby mixed greens, 1 European cucumber, diced, 13 cup slivered almonds, 13 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 large orange, juiced, 13 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar], title: Fridays Special Grilled Chicken Salad with Honey Orange Dressing, picturelink: mjQcq57NH.h03pSwhI1xuXvx5sJ0W6}, 4026: {instructions: Heat oil in a skillet and saute onions until translucent. Add garlic and saute until it begins to turn golden brown, being careful not to burn it. Add sausage and ground beef and cook until the meats are brown. Drain off any fat. Season with cumin, chili powder, salt, and pepper. Add beans and tomatoes and simmer 30 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped small, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 pound Italian sausage, casing removed, 1 pound ground beef, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 16ounce cans kidney beans, 2 16ounce cans diced tomatoes], title: Santa Fe Hot and Spicy Chili, picturelink: yJiXcFWc06ydNIy5w4bIMnBCutjESm}, 4027: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large heavybottomed pot, cook onion in butter and oil over medium heat until translucent about 10 minutes. Add the carrot and celery and cook another 5 minutes.nWhile vegetables are cooking, place lima beans in boiling water and cook until very soft about 10 minutes. Drain lima beans and add to the pot with the sliced apple. Pour in the chicken broth. Lower heat and simmer an additional 5 minutes. Then puree with a hand blender. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the Parmesan Bacon Crisp: Line a cookie sheet with aluminum foil and spray with cooking spray. Make 4 to 5 lines with the Parmesan, about 1inch wide and 4inches long. Sprinkle with bacon. Bake for about 7 to 10 minutes or until golden and crisp. Remove from oven and let cool. Peel crisp from foil and serve with soup.nCooks Note: For additional flavor, add an additional 12 cup of Parmesan and 14 cup bacon to the soup before pureeing. Also a dollop of sour cream adds a creamy finish to this healthy soup.nThis recipe was provided by a finalist, who may or may not be a professional cook, for The Next Food Network Star. Food Network has not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [23 cup diced onion, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 13 cup diced carrot, 13 cup diced celery, 3 cups lima beans, thawed, 1 apple peeled, cored, pitted and sliced, 4 cups chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup fully cooked crumbled bacon, Sour cream, for plating, optional], title: Lima Bean Soup with Parmesan Bacon Crisp, picturelink: jpCRi1mr14ObcVDDNszcVkMFIqtNPHO}, 4028: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut mushrooms, water, and wine into a container and soak until mushrooms are rehydrated. Remove mushrooms and squeeze out excess liquid. Reserve the liquid. Roughly chop mushrooms.nSprinkle the cored and seeded tomatoes with salt and place upside down to drain. In a saute pan heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil and add shallots, garlic, and onion. Cook until translucent. Add mushrooms and cook for about 5 minutes then add 12 cup of the reserved mushroom liquid to pan and cook for another 4 or 5 minutes, or until most of liquid is absorbed. Add the panko and the chopped tomato and stir to combine. Season the mushroom mixture with salt and pepper and remove from heat.nPreheat the broiler. Mix together the room temperature goat cheese and parsley and reserve. Stuff each tomato with the mushroom stuffing and top with thin layer of goat cheese mixture. Place tomatoes on a baking sheet and put under the broiler for 2 to 3 minutes until cheese is slightly melted and golden., ingredients: [1 cup dried morel mushrooms, 1 cup dried chanterelle mushrooms, 1 cup dried shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup warm water, 3 cups white wine, 6 medium tomatoes, cored, seeded plus 1 tomato, chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 cup finely diced onion, 1 14 cup panko crumbs Japanese, 14 teaspoon pepper, 3 12 ounces goat cheese, room temperature, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: WForqXKRGjXrcmQkMJsU6skZGCkscQq}, 4029: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, mix the brown sugar, granulated sugar and eggs until creamy. Add the chopped pecans, melted butter, milk, flour and vanilla extract and stir to combine. Pour the mixture into the pie shell. Arrange the pecan halves on top of the pie in a circular pattern.nBake the pie for 55 minutes. Check for doneness by shaking the pan slightly. The pie should be firm with only a slight jiggle in the center. It will set more as it cools. Serve topped with vanilla ice cream or with a dollop of whipped cream., ingredients: [1 cup light brown sugar, packed, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup 1 stick butter, melted, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, One 9inch deep dish pie shell, unbaked, or homemade pastry, 1 cup pecan halves, Vanilla ice cream or whipped cream, for serving], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: SAnIH9xKFRToqdi0fIVmd9OnV47ye9C}, 4030: {instructions: Stir together the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, shallots, garlic and oregano in a medium bowl. Pour the marinade into a 1gallon resealable plastic storage bag, add the asparagus and seal the bag closed. Place the bag in a bowl or on a plate just in case it leaks and marinate in the refrigerator for 8 to 24 hours, flipping a couple of times.nPreheat an outdoor grill to medium heat. While the grill heats up, remove the asparagus from the marinade, allowing any excess marinade to drip off. Season liberally on all sides with salt and pepper.nPlace the asparagus on the hot grill and cook, flipping as needed, until crisptender and charred in spots, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a platter, garnish with the chopped parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 3 medium shallots, thinly sliced about 1 cup, 2 cloves garlic, lightly smashed, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, 2 bunches medium asparagus about 2 pounds, woody ends trimmed and discarded, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped], title: Balsamic Grilled Asparagus, picturelink: AlPqp02JG4Jz7XQ0E5RbmMhvhO.zBti}, 4031: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix together the egg and cream. Set aside.nIn a bowl of an electric mixer, combine the flour, sugar, salt and butter. Using the paddle on low speed, mix in the butter until it is the size of small peas. With the mixer on low speed add the egg mixture. Mix the dough just until it is no longer dry looking. It will still be loose and crumbly looking. Place the dough on a work surface. With your hands, combine to form a ball. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm but still malleable.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. On a lightly floured work surface roll the dough out to 18inch thick. Line six 4inch wide tartlet pans, be sure to press the dough carefully around the bottom edges of the mold. Line with parchment and fill with uncooked rice or beans. Bake until edges are golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove parchment and rice or beans and bake for an additional 10 minutes or until the entire surface is golden brown., ingredients: [1 large egg, 1 12 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 tablespoons granulated sugar, Pinch salt, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter 1 12 sticks], title: Tart Dough, picturelink: null}, 4032: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 12by18by1 12inch half sheet pan.nMelt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a 12inch saute pan over mediumlow heat. Add the potatoes and fry them until cooked through, turning often, 10 to 15 minutes. Melt the remaining 8 tablespoons of butter in a small saute pan and set aside.nMeanwhile, whisk the eggs in a large bowl, then stir in the ricotta, Gruyere, melted butter, salt, pepper, and basil. Sprinkle on the flour and baking powder and stir into the egg mixture.nDistribute the potatoes over the bottom of the sheet pan. Pour the egg mixture over the potatoes and spread evenly. Bake the frittata until it is browned and puffed, 30 to 35 minutes. Allow the frittata to cool and cut into 20 singleserving squares., ingredients: [12 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 3 cups peeled and 12inchdiced boiling potatoes 4 potatoes, 12 extralarge eggs, 22 ounces ricotta cheese, 1 pound 2 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder], title: Potato Basil Frittata Squares, picturelink: 4c54eUKNXV2w2bfvFo81oxtkXK.5JAG}, 4033: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler and position the oven rack 5 inches from the heat.nDistribute the cubes of Fontina evenly in a 12inch castiron pan. Drizzle on the olive oil. Combine the garlic, thyme, and rosemary and sprinkle it over the cheese and olive oil. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper and place the pan under the broiler for 6 minutes, until the cheese is melted and bubbling and starts to brown.nServe the baked Fontina familystyleright out of the oven in the castiron pan with crusty chunks of bread for everyone to dip., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Italian Fontina Val dAosta cheese, rind removed and 1inchdiced, 14 cup good olive oil, 6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 crusty French baguette], title: Baked Fontina, picturelink: bF664hevzQDRfYJ1dFxeadXGFCBTGW}, 4034: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees. Place a piece of parchment paper on a sheet pan.nLay one sheet of puff pastry on a floured board and lightly roll into a 10inch square. Place it on the sheet pan and brush the pastry with all the mustard, leaving a 1inch border. Arrange the soppressata in overlapping layers on the mustard and sprinkle the grated cheese evenly on the soppressata, also avoiding the border. Brush the border with the egg wash.nLightly roll the second piece of puff pastry into a 10inch square. Lay the pastry directly on top of the first square, lining up the edges. Brush the top with the egg wash, cut three large slits for steam to escape, and chill for 15 minutes.nWhen the pastry is cold, trim the edges with a very sharp knife to make a clean edge. Bake the pastry in the center of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, turning once while baking, until puffed and brown. Allow to cool for a few minutes, cut in squares, and serve hot or warm., ingredients: [1 package 2 sheets frozen puff pastry, such as Pepperidge Farm, defrosted, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 thin not paper thin slices soppressata salami 3 12 inches in diameter, 6 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash], title: Soppressata and Cheese in Puff Pastry, picturelink: SaD.N6POH2quqQKWaMBOvrO5stANYDi}, 4035: {instructions: Slice the tomatoes into different shapes wedges, slices, small cubes, etc. and arrange on individual plates or a buffet platter. Drizzle with the oil and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with basil. Dot with goat cheese, if desired., ingredients: [3 pounds mixed specialty or vineripened tomatoes, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Salt and cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh basil, chopped, 6 ounces crumbled goat cheese, optional], title: Farmers Market Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 4036: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the pita on a pizza pan and liberally spread the Pimento Cheese on the pita. Evenly sprinkle the cooked bacon over top of the cheese and bake for 10 to 12 minutes. Slide the pita onto a cutting surface, top with the tomatoes and onions. Cut into 6 even slices and serve hot.nIn the bowl of a food processor, add the onions and pulse until finely minced, almost to a paste. Add the pimentos and pulse once just to combine.nIn a large mixing bowl combine the pimento mixture, the American cheese, Cheddar, mayonnaise, hot sauce and onion powder, and mix until well incorporated and easily spreadable., ingredients: [One 10inch round pita, preferably the thin pocket type, 34 cup Pimento Cheese, recipe follows, 12 cup chopped cooked bacon, 12 cup coarsely diced fresh tomato, 6 thinly sliced rings red onion, 12 yellow onion, chopped, 1 cup pimentos, chopped, 2 12 pounds American cheese, shredded 5 cups, 2 12 pounds Cheddar, shredded 5 cups, 8 cups mayonnaise, 1 12 teaspoons hot sauce, 12 ounce onion powder], title: The Pimita, picturelink: rSy.rDKj6IooYNErRUXzfskXxgrJTS}, 4037: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Arrange the bread on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until slightly dry, about 10 minutes let cool.nMeanwhile, drop the garlic into a food processor through the feed tube with the motor running. Add the ginger, 1 tablespoon at a time, until minced. Scrape down the food processor, then add the chicken, egg white, rice wine, cornstarch and 1 teaspoon salt pulse into a smooth paste.nSpread 1 tablespoon of the chicken mixture on each piece of toast and sprinkle with the scallions. Put the sesame seeds in a shallow bowl and dip the chickencovered side of the toasts in the seeds. The toasts can be covered and refrigerated at this point for up to 3 hours.nHeat about 12 inch of peanut oil in a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 325 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the toasts, chickenside down, until golden brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes. Flip the toasts and cook 1 more minute. Drain on a papertowellined plate. Season with salt and serve warm., ingredients: [12 12inchthick slices baguette, 1 clove garlic, 3 tablespoons chopped peeled ginger, 12 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into pieces, 1 large egg white, 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, Kosher salt, 2 scallions, white and lightgreen parts only, thinly sliced, 14 cup sesame seeds, Peanut oil, for frying], title: Sesame Toasts, picturelink: 6l1HLrnLzoQcaqJEawg9DeZKTBDgIG}, 4038: {instructions: Place a pot of water on the stove to bring to a boil for pasta. Cover pot to bring water to a boil. Salt the water to season it and add half a pound of little ears pasta. Cook to al dente, about 7 minutes.nTrim ends off broccoli rabe, coarsely chop it and add it to a deep skillet. Add 2 or 3 cups of water to the pan. Cover the pan and bring the broccoli rabe to a boil. When the rabe wilts down into the pan, salt it. Simmer the rabe for about 7 minutes until tender and no longer bitter. The color should remain deep green. Drain the rabe and reserve. Return the deep skillet to the stove and place it over medium heat. Add 5 turns of the pan of extravirgin olive oil, chopped garlic, crushed red pepper flakes and saute 2 to3 minutes, stirring frequently. Add broccoli rabe and turn to coat them in garlic oil. Drain pasta reserving 34 cup of pasta water. Add the pasta and water to the pan. Toss pasta and broccoli rabe with lots of grated cheese, salt and pepper, to your taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound orecchiette, little ear shaped pastas cooked al dente, 2 14 to 2 12 pounds, broccoli rabe 2 large bunches, Salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 or 5 turns of the pan, 6 to 8 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 full teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, Black pepper], title: Broccoli Rabe and Orecchiette, picturelink: null}, 4039: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or if you have a nonstick baking sheet, lining is not necessary.nDivide the dough in 4 equal portions. Place on a floured work surface and using a rolling pin, roll out the dough into a small round about 6 to 8 inches in diameter. Repeat with remaining pieces of dough. Set aside.nPlace about a quarter of the leftover Spaghetti with Meatballs in the center of the dough round. Top with 1 tablespoon of sauce and sprinkle with a tablespoon of cheese. Brush the edges of the dough with a bit of water. Fold the dough over to make a half circle and crimp the edge with a fork. Place on prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remain filling and dough.nPlace in oven and bake for 35 minutes or until golden brown. Serve hot with a side of Tomato Sauce.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl combine the milk and bread. Let the bread absorb the milk. Add remaining meatball ingredients except the cheese. Using your hands, gently combine all the ingredients until they are thoroughly mixed. Take about 3 tablespoons of the meat mixture and roll into a ball and press into a patty. Place a mozzarella cube or 1 tablespoon shredded cheese onto the patty and bring up the sides around the cheese and roll between hands to form a ball. Place onto a nonstick baking sheet or a baking sheet sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Repeat process with remaining meat and cheese. Place the meatballs into the oven and cook for 12 minutes. Remove baking sheet from the oven and set aside.nCook the spaghetti in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain and place the pasta on a large serving platter.nIn a medium pot heat olive oil over medium heat. Add onion, garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Add remaining ingredients and simmer for 10 minutes. Gently stir in the meatballs and any pan drippings from baking sheet and simmer for another 5 minutes.nPlace the meatballs over the spaghetti, pour the sauce on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound refrigerator pizza dough, 2 cups leftover Spaghetti with Meatballs, recipe follows, chopped, 14 cup leftover Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 14 cup milk, 2 slice white bread, cut into cubes, 1 pound 80 percent lean ground beef, 12 medium onion, diced, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 sticks mozzarella string cheese, cut into small cubes or 12 cup shredded mozzarella, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 16ounce box spaghetti, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 medium onion diced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Web Exclusive Round 2 Recipe: Spaghetti and Meatball Calzones, picturelink: BBfM7z3hOgp436zfiDasQpvWI9a0Ai}, 4040: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring 1 12 cups of water to a boil. Stir in the couscous. Remove from the heat, cover, and let stand for 5 minutes. Uncover and fluff with a fork. Add the feta, tomatoes, olive oil, salt, pepper, olives, cucumbers and lemon juice. Toss until combined. Serve hot or at room temperature.nNutritional Analysis per serving: 190 calories 6 grams total fat, ingredients: [1 cup uncooked whole wheat couscous, 2 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 9 pitted kalamata olives, chopped, 2 Kirby or Persian cucumbers, chopped, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Bobbys Couscous Salad, picturelink: null}, 4041: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 8ounce ramekinsnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray the ramekins with the cooking spray.nIn a bowl, mix the creamed spinach to lighten it a bit, and then add the cheese. Put the egg whites into another bowl and, using an electric hand mixer, whisk them until they are able to hold stiff peaks but are still glossy. Add a third of the egg whites to the spinach and mix it in to lighten the mixture. Fold in the remaining egg whites. Divide the mixture among the ramekins. Put them onto a baking sheet and bake until they are puffed up, set, and golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup reserved Parmesan Creamed Spinach, 14 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 3 reserved egg whites, from Egg Nog Custard], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Spinach and Cheese Souffle, picturelink: ECtVZAnwK.navVzyuBhvxddPjh7zpqa}, 4042: {instructions: Cut 12 English cucumber, 12 small jicama, 1 large carrot and 1 celery stalk into matchsticks. Drain and rinse a 15ounce can baby corn quarter the corn lengthwise. Toss the vegetables with dressing: Mix 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon each sesame seeds and grated ginger, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon each grated garlic and minced jalapeno, and salt to taste.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Asian Salad, picturelink: S2fo8eR4e.d7x30LW7ZmragtnpQ6v9u}, 4043: {instructions: Drain the cherries and pat dry. Break the walnuts into pieces, then stuff each cherry with a nut.nCombine the JellO and 2 cups boiling water in a bowl and stir until dissolved. Stir in the sherry and orange juice.nLightly spray a 6cup gelatin mold or glass bowl with cooking spray. Pour in the gelatin mixture and scatter the stuffed cherries and remaining walnuts evenly in the mold. Cover and refrigerate until set, about 8 hours or overnight.nBefore serving, place the mold in a bowl of hot water to loosen the gelatin, about 5 minutes. Gently invert over a platter to release.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 pound pitted bing cherries frozen or canned, thawed if frozen, 1 14 cups walnut halves, 1 6ounce package cherry JellO, 1 cup sherry, 12 cup orange juice, Cooking spray], title: CherryWalnut Gelatin Mold, picturelink: ji1UiS.09bq1RfunjpQ1b2CUTQrVG}, 4044: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and butter and flour a 9inch square baking pan, knocking out excess flour.nIn a metal bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water melt chocolates and butter, stirring, and remove bowl from heat. Cool chocolate mixture.nIn a large bowl whisk together sugar, eggs, and vanilla until smooth and whisk in chocolate mixture. Add flour and salt and stir until combined well. Stir in walnuts and spread batter in prepared pan. Smooth top and bake in middle of oven 30 to 40 minutes, or until a tester comes out with crumbs adhering. Cool brownies in pan on a rack and cut into 3inch squares., ingredients: [2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 13 cups sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped], title: Andrews Brownies, picturelink: null}, 4045: {instructions: Preheat a fryer or wok filled 12 way with oil to 400 degrees. In a bowl, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, Old Bay and slowly add the soda until a pancake batter consistency is achieved. Dip each oyster in the batter and fry until golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Season lightly with salt. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together the vinegar, soy, chiles, sugar and sesame oil.nPLATING: Cover a large platter with greens and place a small bowl of dipping sauce in the middle. Surround with hot oysters., ingredients: [1 cup rice flour, 12 cup fine cornmeal, 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning, 1 quart iced soda water, 1 dozen shucked Chesapeake Bay oysters, Salt, 14 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup naturally brewed soy sauce, 3 Thai bird chiles, minced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, Mixed greens, for plating], title: Crispy Oysters with Chile Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 4046: {instructions: In a mixing glass muddle sugar and bitters until sugar is dissolved. Pour in the bourbon and peach liqueur. Add ice and stir until chilled. Strain into a chilled rocks glass. Garnish with mint leaf.nTo make Peachinfused Bourbon, steep 6 organic dried peach halves in 1 liter bourbon for 36 hours then strain., ingredients: [1 large brown sugar cube, 3 dashes bitters recommended: Pechauds, 3 dashes peach bitters, 4 ounces peach infused bourbon recommended Makers Mark, 14 ounce peach liqueur, 1 mint leaf, for garnish], title: Peche Bourbon, picturelink: null}, 4047: {instructions: Prepare gelatin with 2 cups boiling water. Dissolve completely. Add cranberry sauce and ginger. In the refrigerator let gelatin reach a soft set about 1 hour. Fold in grapes, nuts, celery, apples, and liquid from oranges. Spray mold with vegetable spray to prevent sticking. Place drained oranges in bottom of mold. Pour gelatin mixture over oranges and refrigerate until firm. Unmold after firmly set. Serve with sauce on side. A layer of cream cheese may be added on top of the oranges. Mini marshmallows mixed in are a treat for the kiddies.nMix flour and salt in a bowl. Remove 13 cup of the mixture and set aside. Add the chilled shortening and, using a pastry cutter, incorporate until shortening and flour become peasized be patient, set aside. Use reserved 13 cup of floursalt mixture and 14 cup of water, mix to make a paste. Using hands, add paste to flourshortening mixture and work it just enough for paste to cover everything  dont work it too much. Roll out dough, and then roll onto pin to transfer to pie tin. Fill with preferred pumpkin pie or other pie filling., ingredients: [1 6ounce package raspberry gelatin can substitute orange or cherry, 1 16ounce can whole cranberry sauce, 1 teaspoon ginger, 12 cup red grapes, 12 cup walnuts or pecans chopped, 12 cup chopped celery, 1 large apple, diced, 1 can Mandarin oranges, drained, juice reserved, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 2 cups flour, Pinch salt, 1 cup shortening that has been refrigerated guest prefers Crisco butter flavored sticks, 14 cup water], title: Cranberry Salad and la Maes NoFail Pie Crust, picturelink: null}, 4048: {instructions: Melt 3 tablespoons of the butter in a large pot over medium heat until foamy. Add half of the greens, and use tongs to turn them over a few times until they are coated with butter and start to wilt. Add the remaining greens and repeatthe greens will be up to the top of the pot, most likely, but theyll cook down. Add 1 34 cups water, bring to a boil and cover. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, and simmer, turning occasionally, until dark green and crisptender, about 15 minutes.nWhen the greens have simmered about 10 minutes, heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the remaining tablespoon butter. When the foam begins to subside, crack the eggs into the skillet. Cook until the edges are crisp but the yolks still runny, about 3 minutes.nPut the miso in a small bowl. When the greens are done, ladle some of the cooking water also known as pot liquor into the miso. Whisk until smooth then stir the miso back into the greens, cover, and set aside until the eggs are ready.nUse tongs to divide the greens among four bowls, then ladle some of the broth over them. Top each one with a fried egg. Pass the hot sauce so that everyone can splash as much they want over their greens., ingredients: [], title: Miso Mustard Greens with Fried Eggs, picturelink: null}, 4049: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 9inch springform pannHeat oven to 425 degrees F. Butter a 9inch springform pan and wrap the outside tightly in aluminum foil. Place on a baking sheet.nChop pancetta into 12inch cubes and saute over medium heat until well browned. Remove with slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.nBring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil. Boil the broccoli rabe for 1 to 2 minutes in the salted water until it has some give. Fish it out with a large slotted spoon and drain. Set aside.nNow add the spaghetti to your boiling water and cook until 2 minutes shy of done, so very al dente. While the pasta cooks, use a towel to squeeze all excess moisture from the broccoli rabe. Separate out 1 cup of broccoli rabe and chop it finely. Reserve the remainder for another use.nDrain the pasta well and let cool slightly.nIn large bowl, whisk eggs, yolks, salt, pepper and all but 12 cup of cheese together. Add the spaghetti, chopped broccoli rabe and pancetta and toss to combine. Pour mixture into the prepared springform. Sprinkle last 12 cup cheese on top.nBake 35 to 40 minutes, until bronzed and the center is set. The best way to check is to tip your pan to the side and make sure no loose custard runs out. If it does, bake it for 5 minutes more. If the top of your pie browns too quickly before the center is set, cover it with foil for the remaining cooking time.nRemove from the oven and let cool on a rack for 5 minutes before removing the foil, cutting around springform to loosen and releasing the pie onto a serving plate. Serve in wedges., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 8 ounces pancetta, 1 12 teaspoons coarse or kosher salt, plus more for the cooking water, 1 bunch broccoli rabe, 1 pound dried spaghetti, 2 large eggs, 2 to 3 large yolks, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 8 ounces about 2 cups finely grated Parmesan andor aged PecorinoRomano, 1 14 cups whole milk], title: Spaghetti Carbonara Pie, picturelink: XbSK.BuvfgsgFHXwMahSZOjrz87Ue2}, 4050: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nEvenly spread the cauliflower on a baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to the oven and roast, tossing once with a spatula, until golden brown at the edges, about 20 minutes.nPut the butter in a small skillet over mediumlow heat. Once its melted, add the pine nuts and cook, stirring frequently, until theyre lightly golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and dates and continue cooking until theyre softened, 2 to 3 minutes more season with salt.nTransfer the hot cauliflower to a serving bowl, drizzle the pine nut mixture over the top and toss to combine. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary and serve warm or at room temperature.n, ingredients: [1 large head cauliflower, cut into florets about 8 cups, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup pine nuts, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup pitted Medjool dates, coarsely chopped], title: Roasted Cauliflower With Dates and Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 4051: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to high. Place marshmallows on skewers or sticks, 3 to a stick, and hold over the grates of the grill until golden brown on all sides and melted in the center. Place chocolate on 4 of the graham crackers. On each graham cracker, sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the coconut over the chocolate and then place 3 of the toasted marshmallows on the coconut. Place the remaining graham crackers on top of the marshmallows and wrap each smore in foil. Place each smore on the grill for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the grill and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 large marshmallows, 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into 3ounce pieces, 8 whole chocolate graham crackers, 14 cup toasted coconut], title: Bittersweet Double Chocolate Coconut Smores, picturelink: zDLMc8L.TXEE0vhFVPAUME8r5Mir3Gi}, 4052: {instructions: Puree 2 garlic cloves in a food processor with 14 cup olive oil. Add 1 chopped scallion, 2 teaspoons white vinegar and 14 teaspoon each cumin seeds and red pepper flakes pulse until combined. In batches, cook one 16ounce package thawed frozen tostones fried plantains in vegetable oil until golden and crisp, 2 to 4 minutes per side. Blot with paper towels and season with salt. Serve with the garlic sauce.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Tostones with Garlic Sauce, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 4053: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the lid off the pumpkin and scoop out the seeds and fibers. Scrape away some of the flesh, especially around the top, to form a large, smooth inner cavity. Make sure to leave the shell at least 1inch thick all around. Oil the pumpkin inside and out and season inside with salt and pepper. Replace the lid. Place on a baking sheet and bake until about 23s cooked but still firm enough to stand and act as the soup container, about 40 minutes. Do not overbake. If a good deal of liquid gathers in the bottom, spoon out and discard. Set aside it will stay warm on its own a good while.nBring the stock to a low simmer in a saucepan. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the onion and cook until soft but not brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the thyme, stir, and add 2 cups of the stock. Bring to a boil. Add the pastina, stir well, and reduce the heat to maintain a slow simmer. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer, adding the stock 12 cup at a time as the previous addition is absorbed and stirring occasionally to prevent the pastina from sticking to the bottom of the pan, until the pasta is al dente, about 15 minutes. Add the roasted squash and turkey to reheat. Stir well. The consistency should be quite loose, like a thick soup. Add more stock, if necessary. Add the 12 cup cheese and let melt for a moment before stirring in. Taste, for seasoning.nLadle the pastina into the reserved pumpkin shell and garnish with the remaining 2 tablespoons Parmesan. Replace the lid and take to the table immediately.nVariation with Greens: For a colorful and nutritious addition, cut several handfuls of winter greens such as spinach or chard into a chiffonade and stir into the pastina just to wilt before serving., ingredients: [1 JackoLantern or other large pumpkin, about 6 pounds, Extravirgin olive oil for oiling pumpkin, plus 2 tablespoons, Salt and freshly ground pepper, About 4 cups chicken stock or canned lowsalt chicken broth, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 34 pound dried pastina or other small pasta, such as riso, 1 cup roasted winter squash, 1 cup cubed cooked turkey, plain or smoked about 14 pound optional, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan], title: Pumpkin Pastina Served Family Style in a Pumpkin, picturelink: null}, 4054: {instructions: Special equipment: bamboo skewers, soaked in waternPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nThread the strawberries onto two skewers and brush with vegetable oil. Grill on all sides, 3 to 5 minutes total. Set aside to cool.nPull the strawberries off the skewers cut half into small dice small enough to fit through a pastry tip. Stir the diced strawberries together with the strawberry jam, then add to a pastry bag fitted with a medium piping tip. Set aside.nWhip the heavy cream and powdered sugar to stiff peaks, being careful not to overwhip. Add to a second pastry bag, this one fitted with a star tip.nSlice the remaining strawberries lengthwise, either in half or quarters.nScoop out the center of each cupcake and set aside for snacking later. Fill the cupcakes with the strawberry jam mixture and top with the whipped cream. Garnish with the sliced strawberries before serving., ingredients: [10 strawberries, hulled, Vegetable oil, 1 12 cups strawberry jam, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 12 vanilla cupcakes, storebought or homemade], title: Grilled Strawberry Shortcake Cupcakes, picturelink: qofGJrK6N9CdJINAPRldODzHpQb9Rq}, 4055: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and grate on the large holes of a box grater. Transfer to a clean dish towel and squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Place the squeezed potatoes in a medium bowl and mix in the chopped thyme, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper and chipotle. Toss well to combine.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat until the oil is very hot but not smoking. Add the potato mixture and press down firmly using a spatula. Cook until browned and crispy on the bottom, 8 to 9 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally so it does not stick. The cake should move around as one piece when the skillet is shaken. Slide the cake out of the skillet onto a plate and add the remaining oil to the skillet. Flip the cake onto a second plate and slide back into the skillet, crispy side up. Continue to cook until the bottom side of the cake is browned and crispy and the cake is cooked through, another 8 to 9 minutes, lowering the heat if the cake is browning too quickly.nSlide onto a wire rack and cool until still warm but not hot. Cut into 6 wedges, lightly season with salt and fresh thyme leaves and serve., ingredients: [1 pound russet potatoes about 2 medium, 8 ounces sweet potatoes about 1 small, 1 12 teaspoons freshly chopped thyme leaves plus whole leaves for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch chipotle chile powder, 3 tablespoons canola oil], title: Crispy TwoPotato Cake, picturelink: z0MGPSRzy.OxWWAg3mIYxQiCkpOiOu}, 4056: {instructions: Mix the pork, onion, garlic, sage, thyme, syrup, paprika, allspice, coriander, cayenne, 2 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper with your hands. Form into 18 patties, 2 inches wide and 12 inch thick put on a foillined baking sheet, cover and chill overnight.nThe next day, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook half of the patties, turning once, until golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet. Wipe out the skillet. Repeat with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and patties, then transfer the patties to the oven to finish cooking, 5 to 10 minutes.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [1 34 pounds ground pork not lean, 1 small onion, grated and squeezed dry, 4 cloves garlic, finely grated, 2 tablespoons minced fresh sage, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon paprika, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Spiced Maple Sausage Patties, picturelink: SpTXRruBHrvHbvFgcmYdkU7moKjQvla}, 4057: {instructions: Melt the butter and sugar in a medium skillet over medium heat. Stir until the sugar dissolves, about 3 minutes. Increase the heat to high. Add the pineapple and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and coated in caramel, about 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the vanilla and salt. Divide the pineapple sauce among 4 sundae dishes. Top each dish with 1 scoop of ice cream and some chocolate sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar, One 20ounce can crushed pineapple, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, Ice cream, for serving, Chocolate sauce, for serving], title: Caramelized Pineapple Sauce, picturelink: JsTBIQ3vA7YEuQWGnA4jVIpIadohfH.}, 4058: {instructions: Spread the fish evenly in a large, non reactive pan. Mix all of the citrus juice and pour over the fish. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours. The citrus juice will cook the fish throughout. Add the rest of the ingredients and season with salt and pepper. Serve with tortilla chips or your favorite cracker., ingredients: [5 pounds fresh skinless snapper fillet, cut into cubes, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, 1 red pepper, finely diced, 1 green pepper, finely diced, 1 yellow pepper, finely diced, 1 red onion, finely diced, 2 jalapenos, seeded and finely diced, 12 cup whole cilantro leaves, 12 cup whole parsley leaves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Tortilla chips or crackers], title: Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 4059: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the penne and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta. Empty the tomatoes into a bowl and crush with your hands.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Remove from the heat and stir in the vodka, tomatoes and salt to taste. Return the skillet to medium heat and simmer, stirring often, until the alcohol cooks off, about 7 minutes. Stir in the heavy cream and cook until the sauce thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Stir in the parmesan and basil.nAdd the pasta to the sauce and toss to combine, adding some of the reserved cooking water to loosen, if needed. Season with salt. Serve topped with more parmesan and basil., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces wholewheat penne, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 shallots, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup vodka, 23 cup heavy cream, 12 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping, Handful of fresh basil leaves, torn, plus more for topping], title: Penne With Vodka Sauce, picturelink: 0RorDadT4j.P.DA8t6qWiprcDJUOW}, 4060: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Combine the bacon, olive oil, garlic, rosemary, jalapenos and 14 cup water in a large skillet. Cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until the water evaporates and the bacon crisps, about 12 minutes. Discard the garlic. Add the cognac, if desired, and cook until it evaporates. Remove from the heat and set aside 14 cup bacon mixture for garnish.nMeanwhile, cook the spaghetti in the boiling water as the label directs. Mix the eggs, cheeses, parsley and 1 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Drain the pasta, reserving 14 cup cooking water.nReturn the skillet to mediumhigh heat. Add the pasta and toss until heated through, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat. Whisk the reserved pasta water into the egg mixture, then quickly pour over the pasta and toss to gently cook the eggs and make a creamy sauce. Garnish with the reserved bacon mixture and more parmesan.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 6 slices thickcut bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 2 red jalapeno peppers, seeded and minced, 14 cup cognac or brandy optional, 12 ounces spaghetti, 3 large eggs, 34 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, plus more for garnish, 12 cup freshly grated pecorino romano cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Spaghetti Carbonara, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 4061: {instructions: Make the brine: Combine the vinegar, sugar, mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons salt and the bay leaves in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat cook, stirring to dissolve the sugar, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cut the corn crosswise into 1to2inch pieces with a serrated knife. Add to the boiling water and cook until crisptender, about 5 minutes transfer to a colander using a slotted spoon and rinse under cold water until cool. Add the bell pepper and celery to the boiling water and cook 2 minutes drain and rinse under cold water until cool.nPack the vegetables and jalapenos into a 1quart jar, then pour in the brine. Cover and refrigerate overnight or up to 1 week.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 13 cups apple cider vinegar, 23 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds, Kosher salt, 2 bay leaves, 2 ears of corn, 12 green bell pepper, cut into 12inch strips, 12 red or orange bell pepper, cut into 12inch strips, 1 stalk celery, peeled to remove strings, cut into thirds, 2 small red jalapeno peppers, thinly sliced], title: Pickled Corn and Peppers, picturelink: sD7rJ3S21zet2i9V8PpbPAa1.Ih6xPS}, 4062: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut pasta water on to boil.nIn a medium sauce pot over medium heat, saute garlic in extravirgin olive oil. Chop whole tomatoes and add them to the pan. Add crushed tomatoes and salt and simmer 10 minutes, add basil and simmer over low heat 10 minutes more.nAdd salt and pasta to boiling water and cook 6 minutes, leaving pasta a little chewy.nWhile pasta cooks, melt butter in a small pot over medium heat. Whisk in flour, then cook 1 minute, adding salt and pepper and nutmeg to flour. Add milk and bring sauce to a bubble. Reduce 5 minutes.nDrain pasta and transfer to a large casserole dish. Pour the tomato and basil sauce over the pasta and turn to coat the pasta. Pour the bechamel over the already coated pasta. Cover the top of the pasta with Asiago, Parmesan and mozzarella. Place the casserole under hot broiler and melt the 3 cheeses until brown and bubbly, 3 to 5 minutes. Serve immediately with Spinach and Artichoke Salad and bread.n34 pound, 4 to 5 cups, baby spinach, packedn2 15ounce cans artichoke hearts packed in water, drained and slicedn1 clove garlic, finely choppedn2 teaspoons lemon zestn1 tablespoon lemon juicen2 tablespoons red wine vinegarn14 to 13 cup extravirgin olive oilnSalt and peppernA handful shredded ParmigianoReggianonCombine spinach and artichokes. Place garlic, lemon zest and juice in small dish and add vinegar. Let it stand 5 minutes then whisk in extravirgin olive oil. Pour oil and vinegar dressing over salad and toss to combine. Season the salad with salt and pepper, to your taste. Top the salad with cheese then serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes recommended: San Marzano, 1 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, recommended: San Marzano If San Marzanos are not available, add a teaspoon sugar to your sauce, optional, Coarse salt, A handful fresh basil leaves, torn, 1 pound ziti rigate, with ridges, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Freshly ground black pepper, A generous grating nutmeg, 2 cups whole milk, 12 cup shredded asiago cheese, 12 cup shredded ParmigianoReggiano, 1 cup sliced fresh mozzarella, Crusty bread, to pass at table], title: Scuderi Kids Fast, FakeBaked Ziti, picturelink: L8KVOK7.4Ubvj2TO3LJvPIhCmWdp4Um}, 4063: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the yogurt to a coffee filter or doubled paper towels lined in a fine sieve. Let drain over a bowl for at least 1 hour or up to overnight in the refrigerator. Discard the accumulated liquid on the bottom of the bowl. Add the drained yogurt to the bowl and stir in the marmalade. In a separate bowl, whip the cream with a beater until it begins to thicken. Add the vanilla and sugar and continue to whip until soft peaks just begin to form. Add the cranberry sauce to a medium bowl. Stir half of the cream into the cranberry sauce along with the orange juice and orange zest and mix gently. Add the other half of the cream to the bowl with the yogurt mixture. Layer the yogurt and the cranberry mixtures in 4 parfait glasses or wine glasses, and top with a sprinkle of chopped pecans. Chill before serving., ingredients: [2 cups plain yogurt, 3 tablespoons orange marmalade, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 10ounce can whole cranberry sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 2 teaspoons orange zest, 2 tablespoons chopped pecans, toasted], title: Cranberry Orange Parfait, picturelink: SeatbAsfvYl1rpMbabi3tFbNFeJvS1y}, 4064: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the pumpkin on a silicone mat lined baking sheet and bake until just tender, about 20 minutes. Remove the pumpkin from the oven and set aside to cool.nPour the vodka into a bottle or large glass container. Add the pumpkin, cinnamon stick, vanilla beans and ginger. Let it sit for 1 week at room temperature, shaking gently every couple of days. Strain the infused vodka, through a fine mesh sieve and funnel it back into the original vodka bottle. Cap and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 cups raw kabocha or sugar pumpkin, peeled and cut into 14inch chunks, 3 cups vodka, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 whole vanilla beans, 3 large pieces candied ginger, cut into long pieces], title: Spicy Pumpkin Vodka Infusion, picturelink: SCKSDeXmw3w12iNdKFMei4WYfiiInda}, 4065: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and grease a 9 by 13inch baking pan.nIn a large skillet, cook the beef until mostly browned. Stir in onions, chiles and garlic and cook until onions have softened. Add the tomatoes, oregano and cumin and cook until the tomatoes have thickened to form a sauce about 10 minutes.nHeat the tortillas so that they are pliableeither over a gas flame or in a microwave oven.nDivide meat among the tortillas, about 14 cup per tortilla, and sprinkle each with cheese. Roll up tortillas and place in baking dish and top with more grated cheese. Bake for 10 minutes. Garnish with a thick salsa, sour cream and chopped cilantro if desired., ingredients: [2 pounds lean ground beef, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 1 12ounce can chopped green chiles, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 15ounce can stewed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon oregano, 1 teaspoon cumin, 10 flour tortillas, 8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, grated, Salsa, sour cream, chopped cilantro as garnishes, optional], title: Phils TexMex Burritos, picturelink: null}, 4066: {instructions: To prepare the Almond Cream: in a food processor, combine the almonds, sugar, and flour. Process to a mealy consistency. Add the butter, a piece at a time. Add the eggs, one at a time. Continue to process until smooth. Refrigerate at least 1 hour before use.nRoll out the puff pastry to about 18inch thickness. Cut one 10inch circle and one 11inch circle. Place the smaller circle on a parchment lined baking sheet. Brush the edge with egg wash. Spread the almond cream in the center, leaving the outer 2 inches of the circle clean. Cover with the larger circle and lightly press down the edges. Brush the top with egg wash. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before decorating.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing the dull edge of a paring knife, press it against the sides of the Pithivier to seal. Decorate the top by lightly cutting from the center moving towards the edge in half circles, leaving about 12inch spaces between the cuts. Put a couple of vents and place in a parchment lined baking sheet. Bake for 40 minutes or until puff pastry is baked. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 ounces blanched almonds, 4 ounces sugar, 1 12 tablespoons flour, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon almond essence or almond extract, 1 pound puff pastry, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash], title: Pithivier, picturelink: null}, 4067: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, and enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat to maintain a simmer and cook until fork tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return to the pan. Shake the pan over medium heat for about a minute to dry the potatoes. Transfer the potatoes to a food mill, ricer, or bowl.nPut the milk and butter in the saucepan, and heat over mediumhigh heat until the butter melts and the milk is hot. Remove pan from the heat. Mash the potatoes through the food mill, ricer, or by hand into the pan. Stir to combine with the milk and butter. Season with salt and pepper to taste and add nutmeg, if desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes about 4 medium, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, 34 cup whole milk, 14 cup unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg optional], title: Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 4068: {instructions: Place a 1quart saucepan half filled with water over high heat and bring it to a simmer. Make a double boiler by setting a large mixing bowl over the simmering water. Place the whole eggs, egg yolks, sugar, and honey in the mixing bowl and make an egg foam by whisking the mixture to 113 degrees on a candy thermometer, about 7 to 10 minutes. The egg foam passes through various stages becoming foamy, then smooth and finally it thickens. When it is thick, it will be hot to the touch, tripled in volume, and light in color and the sugar will have completely dissolved. If you dip the whisk into the mixture and pull it out, the batter should fall back into the bowl in a thick ribbon.nRemove the mixing bowl from the heat and whip the batter with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until it cools, increases in volume, stiffens slightly and becomes pale yellow, about 7 to 10 minutes. Take the time to whip it well if the mixture is under whipped, the baked genoise will be dense. Very, very carefully, fold in the flour with a rubber spatula until the flour is no longer visible, making sure to fold to the bottom of the bowl. Do not over mix or the batter will deflate. Fill buttered and parchment paperlined 8inch round cake pans 34 full with batter. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven until wellrisen and golden brown, about 30 minutes.nLet the genoise cool slightly. Unmold, remove parchment paper and finish cooling on a wire rack. The baked genoise can be stored in the freezer for 2 to 3 weeks if well wrapped in plastic wrap. Return it to room temperature before using it.nVARIATION: Make this recipe into a Chocolate Genoise by substituting unsweetened cocoa powder for 10 to 20 percent of the weight a scant 14 cup to a full 13 cup of the flour. Weigh the cocoa powder before you sift it.nJacques Tip: Genoise can be made with butter. In this recipe, you can substitute butter 5 12 tablespoons for the 3 large egg yolks. Melt and cool the butter and fold it in after the flour is added., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 3 large egg yolks, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 12 tablespoons honey, 2 cups unbleached, unbromated pastry flour, sifted], title: Classic Genoise, picturelink: null}, 4069: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the flour, sugar, and salt in a small bowl and place in the freezer for 30 minutes. Put the flour mixture in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the butter and shortening and pulse about 10 times, or until the butter is in the size of peas. Add the ice water and process until the dough comes together. Dump on a wellfloured board and form into a disk. Wrap in plastic and chill for at least 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out the dough and fit into 4 4 12inch tart pans with removable sides. Dont stretch the dough when placing it in the pans or it will shrink during baking. Cut off the excess by rolling the pin across the top of each pan. Line the tart shells with a piece of buttered aluminum foil, butter side down, and fill them with dried beans or rice. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove the beans and foil, prick the bottom of the shells all over with a fork, and bake for another 15 to 20 minutes until lightly browned. Set aside to cool.nBefore serving, fill the tart shells with the pastry cream. Arrange the berries decoratively on top of the cream. Melt the apricot jelly with 1 teaspoon of water and brush the top of the tarts. Sprinkle with pistachios, if using, and serve.n5 extralarge egg yolks, room temperaturen34 cup sugarn3 tablespoons cornstarchn1 12 cups scalded milkn12 teaspoon pure vanilla extractn1 teaspoon Cognacn1 tablespoon unsalted buttern1 tablespoon heavy creamnIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the egg yolks and sugar on mediumhigh speed for 4 minutes, or until very thick. Reduce to low speed, and add the cornstarch.nWith the mixer still on low, slowly pour the hot milk into the egg mixture. Pour the mixture into a medium saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the mixture thickens, 5 to 7 minutes. Dont be alarmed when the custard comes to a boil and appears to curdle switch to a whisk and beat vigorously. Cook, whisking constantly, for another 2 minutes the custard will come together and become very thick, like pudding. Stir in the vanilla, Cognac, butter, and heavy cream. Pour the custard through a sieve into a bowl. Place plastic wrap directly on the custard and refrigerate until cold.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons 34 stick cold unsalted butter, diced, 2 tablespoons cold shortening recommended: Crisco, 14 cup ice water, 2 cups Pastry Cream, recipe follows, 2 pints whole strawberries, hulled and halved, 13 cup apricot jelly, 3 tablespoons shelled pistachios, halved, optional], title: Strawberry Tarts, picturelink: c.T05Ld7bZm9Z6sw5K.wGSfWWywrSBK}, 4070: {instructions: Wash the lemons thoroughly. Using a peeler, take off the skins being careful not to get any of the white lemon pith onto your peelings or it will add bitterness to your limoncello. Place peels into a large widemouth jar with all the vodka. Seal tightly. Place the jar in a cool, dry place for 2 to 3 weeks. Shake the jar to remix everything everyday or so. You will notice the color of the liquid changing to yellow as the peels lose their color.nAfter 1 week, dissolve the sugar completely with the water by heating it on the stove in a large saucepan. Let simple syrup cool to room temperature. Strain the lemon peels from the alcohol and discard. Mix the alcohol with the simple syrup. At this point you can serve it right away or pour the alcohol into a bottle with the simple syrup and place in the freezer to chill. Once chilled it becomes thick and syrupy., ingredients: [12 organic lemons, 1 liter 100 proofvodka, 3 cups sugar, 4 cups water], title: Limoncello, picturelink: 8T0HUJP.fKX57cTBS00qj6Cid7tiMV6}, 4071: {instructions: Mix 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons pepper, 4 cups water, vinegar, and apple juice in a 2 gallon container. Add the chicken and allow to marinate for 30 minutes up to 3 hours in the refrigerator.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon salt and 1 tablespoon pepper to the flour, mix well, and hold until ready to fry.nIn a cast iron skillet, add the oil and bring to 350 degrees F over high heat. Remove the chicken from the brine, pat dry with a paper towel, and dredge the chicken in the seasoned flour, coating well and tapping off any excess. Once all the chicken is floured, add to the oil, in batches, and cook until golden brown on both sides, 8 to 9 minutes per side. The internal temperature must be 165 degrees to be cooked thoroughly., ingredients: [3 tablespoons kosher salt, divided, 3 tablespoons pepper, divided, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 1 cup apple juice, 2 mediumsize whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 4 cups vegetable oil], title: Apple Cider Brined Chicken, picturelink: zdlzphxQGg0EVQoe6wBExNpSlJajz.}, 4072: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse the bread into fine crumbs. Transfer the breadcrumbs to a shallow bowl or lipped plate.nPut the flour in a shallow bowl or plate. Break the eggs into another shallow bowl and whisk with the milk, and season with salt, and pepper to taste.nTo bread the meat: Dredge a cutlet in the flour, shaking off the excess then dip it into the eggs, and finally coat the meat evenly with the breadcrumbs. Set on a piece of waxed paper or baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining cutlet.nHeat 2 tablespoons butter in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. While the butter is still foaming add the breaded cutlets and cook, swirling the skillet in a tight circle this keeps the cutlets moving around the skillet, until golden brown and cooked through, about 1 12 minutes for the first side. Turn the meat and cook 1 minute on the second side to crisp the breading. Transfer to a plate and cover very loosely with foil while you cook the other cutlet. Serve with the lemon wedges., ingredients: [8 slices white bread, crusts removed, Flour for dredging, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons whole milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 veal cutlets scaloppini about 2 12 ounces each, patted dry, 14 cup unsalted butter, divided, 2 lemon wedges], title: Wiener Schnitzel Breaded Veal Cutlets, picturelink: null}, 4073: {instructions: Make crust:nPlace flour, sugar, salt, vinegar, and egg yolk in the bowl of a food processor and pulse lightly 1 time. While pulsing, add butter gradually dough should be the consistency of cornmeal. Do not overmix or dough will become tough and hard to roll out. While pulsing, add ice water slowly until dough forms a ball again being careful to not overmix. Turn off processor as soon as dough forms a ball and refrigerate dough for about 30 minutes.nMake filling:nCombine apricots, jam, nectar, sugar, and pumpkin pie spice in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring frequently, for 10 to 15 minutes. Add cornstarch slurry and continue simmering for another 5 minutes. Remove from heat and add almond and vanilla extracts. Let cool to room temperature mixture should thicken to the consistency of a jam.nMeanwhile, pour several inches of oil into a large, deep, heavybottomed pan or Dutch oven oil should not come more than halfway up the sides of the pan. Heat oil to 360 degrees F.nOn a floured board, roll out dough to 18inch or less thickness. Cut or stamp dough into 15 6inch round circles, or as many that size as possible. Spoon about 2 tablespoons of filling into the center of each circle of dough and brush edges with egg wash. Fold in half and press edges together with a fork dipped in flour. Poke the top of the crust twice with fork.nCarefully add pie pockets, in batches, to the hot oil and deep fry until golden brown, turning as needed. Remove from oil and drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar and serve be careful as filling is hot., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring surface, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 egg yolk, 1 14 sticks butter 5 ounces, 34 cup iced water, 1 egg beaten, for egg wash, 2 cups dried apricots, diced, 1 8ounce jar apricot jam, 6 ounces apricot nectar recommended: Kerns, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, dissolved in 2 tablespoons cold water, 18 teaspoon almond extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, Cinnamon sugar, for sprinkling], title: Old Timey Apricot Fried Pie, picturelink: null}, 4074: {instructions: In small bowl, whisk together the miso, water, sugar, vinegar, soy sauce, and salt. While whisking constantly, gradually add the peanut and sesame oils until you have a creamy dressing. Use now or store covered, in the refrigerator, for up to 3 days., ingredients: [12 cup white miso paste, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon water, 14 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons light soy sauce, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 12 teaspoon sesame oil], title: MisoSesame Dressing, picturelink: so2v82lLlM8keVzICBgtEGoeobh8JB.}, 4075: {instructions: Whisk together all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt to taste. Truss the turkey. Place turkey on a work surface, breast side up. Rub it with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Heat the grill to medium heat. Have the rotisserie shaft fitted with 1 spit fork. Making certain that the turkey is centered, push the rotisserie shaft through the turkey between the legs, exiting at the neck. Slide the spit fork onto the shaft. Insert the tines of the spit forks into the turkey, screw side up, and tighten the screws to secure firmly. Set the rotisserie shaft in place in the rotisserie ring. Loosen the retaining loop at the handle, and let the counterweight assembly hang down to counterbalance the weight of the breast. The rotisserie should rotate so that the heavy side of the turkey rotates down to the bottom. Swing the counterweight assembly so that the counterweight is directly opposite the heavy side of the turkey. Tighten the retaining loop. The counterweight travel should stick out a little bit above the shaft handle and retaining loop. You may need to adjust the travel of the counterweight as the food cooks, or if the motor sounds like it is straining. Insert the pointed end of the rotisserie shaft into the motor. Set the rotisserie shaft into the ring. Cover the grill, and turn the motor on. Grill the turkey 11 minutes per pound if unstuffed. During the last 30 minutes, baste the entire turkey with 1 cup of the marinade. Remove the turkey from the grill and immediately brush with the remaining glaze. Let rest for 20 minutes before slicing. To determine if the turkey is thoroughly cooked, insert an instantread thermometer into the thickest part of the inner muscle of the thigh, making certain not to touch the bone, and check that the temperature is 175 to 180 degrees F., ingredients: [1 15 pound fresh turkey, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups pomegranate molasses, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, Salt], title: Grilled Turkey with PomegranateBlack Pepper Glaze, picturelink: obv4pNPVTO2ynEybgm1w2NHE9hgJMAG}, 4076: {instructions: Zest and juice both lemons, separately reserving the zest and the juice. Set aside.nCombine 1 12 cups of the pecans with the bread crumbs and 14 cup of the parsley on a large plate.nOpen up and cut the trout, diagonally, into two fillets. Season both the flesh and skin sides with salt and pepper to taste, and then, working with one at a time, press the flesh side of the trout into the pecan mixture to make a thin coating.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Using a tablespoon of the peanut oil, generously grease a baking sheet. Set aside.nHeat 3 tablespoons of oil in a large saute pan over high heat. When very hot but not smoking, add 6 trout fillets and sear to set the crust. Turn and sear the other side. Using a fish spatula or a large, wide spatula, transfer the trout to the prepared baking sheet. Add additional oil to the pan and continue to sear the remaining trout. When seared, transfer to the prepared baking sheet.nPlace the baking sheet in the preheated oven and bake the trout for about 7 minutes or until cooked through.nWhile the trout is baking, melt the butter in a nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Watching carefully and lowering the heat if necessary, allow the butter to foam and turn golden brown. Immediately add the lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste. While the butter is still foaming, add the remaining pecans and parsley. Do not allow the butter to burn or it will be unusable.nPlace 2 fillets on each of 6 dinner plates and pour the Parsley Brown Butter over the top. Sprinkle with reserved lemon zest and serve. NOTE: A nice assortment of spring or baby vegetables can be served as an optional garnish., ingredients: [2 lemons, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons finely chopped pecans, 1 12 cups Italianseasoned bread crumbs, 34 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 6 10ounce brook trout, cleaned and boned with head and tail removed, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 12 cup peanut oil, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter], title: Brook Trout with Pecans, Lemon, and Parsley Brown Butter, picturelink: lxPaYfTblyIITUzHYHWC1IdG2H4e}, 4077: {instructions: Place a pot of water on the stove to boil for pasta.nTrim half of the skin from the eggplant. Leaving a little skin on will add color and texture to the dish. The small, firm eggplants are not too bitter and when they are firm, they will not soak up as much oil, so they do not need to be salted and pressed. However, if you leave all the skin, especially when you use baby eggplant, the skin overpowers the flavor of the flesh and the texture is too tough overall.nHeat a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cut the eggplant into 1inchby12 inch bite size pieces. Add 2 turns of extravirgin olive oil to the pan, the garlic and the eggplant. Turn and toss the eggplant and season it with salt and pepper. Let it brown lightly at edges, about 5 minutes, then reduce heat to medium low and continue to cook.nAdd salt and ravioli to the pasta water and simmer to package directions, about 5 or 6 minutes, until just tender.nWhile the pasta cooks, dice tomatoes and add them to the cooking eggplant. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nDrain cooked pasta and plate individually or on a platter. Top with eggplant and tomatoes and all of the basil and cheese. If you plate individually, use 14 of the basil and 2 ounces of cheese, crumbled, per portion., ingredients: [1 to 1 14 pounds eggplant: 4 5 to 6inch Japanese eggplant or 1 small, firm eggplant, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 12ounce package fresh wild mushroom ravioli, 2 medium vine ripe tomatoes, about 8 ounces, 8 ounces goat cheese, to crumble, 1 cup, 20 leaves, fresh basil leaves, torn or shredded], title: Wild Mushroom Ravioli with Eggplant and Goat Cheese, picturelink: EITPz.6gQTqv5B11MEUoy2054dimU7G}, 4078: {instructions: Combine tarragon, vinegar, sugar, shallot, and mustard in a processor bowl. Turn the food processor on and pour oil into the food processor in a slow stream. When dressing is combined and emulsified, turn off the processor and pour the dressing over romaine hearts., ingredients: [2 sprigs fresh tarragon, leaves stripped from stems, 3 tablespoons 3 splashes tarragon vinegar or white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 small shallot, peeled and halved, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt and black pepper, 2 hearts romaine, from prewashed 3 pack, available in produce section], title: Super Simple Salad, picturelink: HsjGfqzOu6zefbpyoeLCdM3bF48HEJG}, 4079: {instructions: Combine first three ingredients in a shaker with ice and gently swirl or stirnbefore straining into a chilled martini glass.nServing suggestion: Garnish with a cherry and add rocks if you like., ingredients: [2 ounces rye or bourbon, 12ounce sweet vermouth or Cinzano, 2 dashes bitters, Maraschino cherry, for garnish optional], title: The Manhattan, picturelink: null}, 4080: {instructions: Heat a medium nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the butter and swirl to coat the pan. When the butter shimmers, add the bananas and the macadamias and saute, stirring, until golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the rum and then flambe the bananas and the macadamias. When the flames are extinguished remove the pan from the heat.nPlace a scoop of the Brown Sugar Ice Cream in a martini glass. Coat the ice cream with the warm flambe sauce and garnish with a banana chips.nIn nonreactive medium saucepan, combine the milk, brown sugar, vanilla bean, and heat over medium heat until scalded. Turn the heat to low and simmer until the mixture is reduced by 13, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to steep at least 1 hour, refrigerated, and preferably overnight: the longer it steeps the more flavor will develop. Strain the mixture, return the milk to the saucepan, and bring just to the point of boiling.nMeanwhile, fill a medium bowl with cold water and add ice. In a nonreactive medium bowl, combine the yolks and the sugar and whisk to blend. Add 4 ounces of the scalded milk mixture to the yolk mixture, mix well, and transfer the tempered yolk mixture to the saucepan. Cook over medium heat, whisking, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Do not overcook or the eggs will scramble.nStrain the mixture into a medium bowl, and place it in the bowl of ice water to cool. When cool, add the cream, and stir to blend. Freeze in an ice cream maker following the manufacturers instructions. Do not over harden the ice cream should have a soft consistency. Transfer to the freezer.nAfter slicing the banana, peel off the rind and place the strips on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. In a small mixing bowl, whisk the lemon juice, sugar, and water together. Brush the banana pieces with the lemon mixture. Place in a preheated 200degree oven and bake for about 2 hours. As the banana pieces are heated they will darken slightly. After 2 hours, remove from the oven and let cool to allow the banana chips to become firm., ingredients: [4 bananas, split into 3 equal parts lengthwise along the stem, cut into 2inch pieces, 12 cup halved macadamia nuts, 12 cup rum, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 martini glasses, Brown Sugar Ice Cream, recipe follows, Banana Chips, for garnish, recipe follows, 3 cups milk, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 vanilla bean, preferably Tahitian, split lengthwise and scraped, 34 cup egg yolks from 5 to 6 large eggs, 1 cup, plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 banana firm, but not green, sliced lengthwise into 116 inch strips, 4 ounces lemon juice, 12 cup sugar, 2 ounces water], title: BananaRum Macadamia Flambe with Brown Sugar Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 4081: {instructions: Season steaks, if desired, with salt and ground black pepper. Grill or broil until desired doneness.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat and cook 1 clove garlic 30 seconds. Stir in spinach. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes or until spinach is wilted. Season with salt and pepper remove to serving platter and keep warm.nHeat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in same skillet over medium heat and cook shallot, stirring frequently, 2 minutes. Add remaining garlic and cook 30 seconds. Stir in Sauce and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes. Add 14 cup cheese and simmer 1 minute or until cheese is melted.nTo serve, arrange steaks on spinach, then top with sauce. Garnish with remaining 14 cup cheese.nCost per recipe: 27.09nCost per serving: 6.77.nBased on average retail prices at national supermarkets., ingredients: [4 boneless sirloin steaks about 6 oz. ea., 3 Tbsp. extra virgin olive oil, divided, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 bags 10 oz. ea. baby spinach leaves, 1 small shallot or onion, chopped, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Vodka Sauce made with Fresh Cream, 12 cup crumbled gorgonzola cheese about 2 oz.], title: Steak and Spinach in Gorgonzola Vodka Sauce, picturelink: F8fH7weJV2ow1nhhzNFMpckgRwaeJe}, 4082: {instructions: Toss the pork with 2 teaspoons of salt. Transfer to a 6 to 7quart Dutch oven or pot along with the oil, oregano, red pepper, cloves, garlic, bay leaves, lime juice, orange peel and onion. Cover with 4 to 5 cups of water. Bring to a high simmer, then reduce the heat to low, partially cover the pot and simmer gently, checking occasionally to give it a stir, until the pork is tender and just beginning to fall apart, about 1 hour and 30 minutes. Fish out the bay leaves and orange peel. The pork will not look superattractive at this point but dont panicnRemove the lid and increase the heat to mediumhigh. Simmer vigorously, stirring frequently, until all of the water has evaporated, leaving only the oil, and the pork has browned and begun to fry slightly at the bottom of the pot continue to cook, scraping up the bottom of the pot frequently to release the fried bits, 30 to 40 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the pork from any remaining oil in the pot.nServe with tortillas and suggested toppings to make tacos., ingredients: [3 pounds fatty boneless pork shoulder, cut into 2inch chunks, Kosher salt, 23 cup vegetable oil or lard, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, Large pinch crushed red pepper, Small pinch ground cloves, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 bay leaves, Juice of 2 limes, Two 3inch strips orange peel, 12 small white onion, finely chopped, Soft corn tortillas, for serving, Suggested toppings: sour cream, chopped fresh cilantro, pickled onions, chopped avocado and pico de gallo], title: Carnitas, picturelink: omNcfnF9ColtYn5sYcmwc1YHx2x0i}, 4083: {instructions: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nFor the tomatoes: Lay the tomatoes out on a large flat dish. Whisk together the oil, vinegar, salt, chili flakes, garlic and thyme leaves. Pour over the tomatoes and let sit for 1 to 2 hours.nFor the grilled onions: Rub the onions with a little olive oil and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Grill until charred on each side, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from the grill and reserve. For the hot dogs: Grill the hotdogs until hot and crispy, 3 to 5 minutes. Toast the buns on the grill, 1 to 2 minutes.nFor assembly: Line the tomatoes on one side of the buns, and line the onions on the other side. Top each with a hotdog. Divide the cheese and frisee over the hot dogs, and finish with a little olive oil and sea salt., ingredients: [2 beefsteak tomatoes, sliced paperthin, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch chili flakes, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 sprig fresh thyme, leaves picked, 1 Vidalia onion, peeled, sliced 18inch thick, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 allnatural beef hot dogs, 6 potato hot dog buns, 4 ounces gorgonzola cheese, cut into small cubes, 1 head frisee lettuce, dark green leaves discarded, light leaves separated and washed in ice water, Olive oil, for drizzling, Sea salt], title: Scotts Beef Hotdog with Gorgonzola, Marinated Tomatoes, Grilled Onion and Frisee, picturelink: ycnKe6Hohz0mIfi8nTK0eV.RZU2u2}, 4084: {instructions: To make the glaze, combine the orange juice, honey, chipotle pickling juice or red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoons pepper in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced by one fourth, about 5 to 6 minutes. Set aside to cool. Preheat the oven to 475 degrees.nSeason the duck all over with salt and pepper. Place skin side up on a rack in a roasting pan. Roast 30 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and roast 45 minutes longer.nRemove from the oven and generously brush with the glaze. Return to the oven and continue roasting 30 minutes longer, generously brushing with the remaining glaze every 10 minutes. Cut each piece in half and serve hot with any remaining glaze for dipping.nCombine the chiles and vinegar in a small pot. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Store in a jar in the refrigerator up to 3 months.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [2 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 cup honey, 1 cup chipotle pickling juice or red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper, 1 5pound duck, halved and backbone removed, 6 dried Chipotle or Morita chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired, 2 cups red wine vinegar], title: Roast Duck with Chipotle Glaze, picturelink: null}, 4085: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F and line 12 13cup muffin cups with paper liners.nInto a bowl, sift together flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Melt butter and in a small bowl whisk together with sour cream, egg, and vanilla. Stir butter mixture and additional ingredients see note, below into flour mixture until just combined. Divide the batter among muffin cups this batter is thick and will not run easily like other muffin batters and bake in middle of oven until golden and a tester comes out clean, about 20 minutes.nBecoming a muffin master is easy. Flavor the basic muffin batter below by adding, for example: 1 chopped banana and 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips or 1 cup toasted almonds, 34 cup dried cranberries, and 14 teaspoon almond extract or 1 cup chopped drained canned pineapple and 1 cup sweetened flaked coconut or 1 cup chopped dried apricots and 1 tablespoon poppy seeds., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup sour cream, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: MixIn Muffins, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 4086: {instructions: Pop the popcorn according to package directions. Place the popped corn in a large brown paper bag. Add the curry powder, Creole seasoning and butter. Shake to coat., ingredients: [1 cup popcorn kernels, 2 tablespoons mild curry powder, 2 teaspoons Creole seasoning, 4 tablespoons melted butter], title: Curried Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 4087: {instructions: Peel bananas, slice and place on a cookie sheet. Put in freezer and freeze until solid. Remove from freezer and place in blender. Slice berries and add to blender. Pour in yogurt. Blend until smooth. Pour into glass and serve., ingredients: [2 bananas, 12 cup blueberries, 1 cup plain yogurt], title: Banana Berry Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 4088: {instructions: To prepare yogurt: Line a colander or strainer with cheese cloth and set over a bowl. Bowl should support strainer without touching the bottom of the bowl. Put yogurt in the strainer and let drain overnight. Discard liquid and use strained yogurt according to recipe.nPrepare a grill or broiler or heat an oven to 375 degrees F.nPierce eggplant with a fork. In an oven broiler or on a hot grill, cook eggplant, turning frequently to prevent burning, until skin becomes black and eggplant is soft, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove eggplant from heat and cool on a wire rack over a baking sheet to catch juices. Eggplants may be baked for 45 minutes for similar results. When eggplant is cooled, peel off skin and coarsely chop. With paddle attachment in an electric mixer, add eggplant, tomatoes, onion and garlic, and mix on medium speed about 1 minute. Stop machine and add yogurt. Continue to mix at medium speed for another minute. With mixer running, slowly add vinegar and lemon juice. Continue mixing while slowly adding olive oil. Thin mixture with seltzer as needed until eggplant salad is the consistency of a loose paste. Add parsley, oregano, and salt and pepper to taste. Refrigerate overnight and serve.nmethod below., ingredients: [3 whole medium eggplants, washed, 12 cup canned whole tomatoes, chopped, juices strained, 34 cup white onion, peeled and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped, 13 cup goats milk yogurt, strained whole milk yogurt may be substituted, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 to 3 tablespoons seltzer water, 14 cup fresh parsley, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt, to taste, Fresh ground pepper, to taste], title: Melitzanosalata, picturelink: null}, 4089: {instructions: Toss the 2 cheeses together with the cornstarch. Rub the inside of a heavy saucepan with the cut garlic clove. Add wine and 2 tablespoons kirsch and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and add the cheese mixture, stirring, until mixture is hot and smooth.nAdd remaining 2 tablespoons Kirsch if mixture is too thick. Season with nutmeg and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a fondue pot and serve immediately with dippers of choice.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 pound Gruyere, coarsely grated, 12 pound Emmental, coarsely grated, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 12 garlic clove, 23 cup dry white wine Chardonnay is fine, 4 tablespoons Kirsch dry cherry brandy, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground pepper, Dipping items of your choice, such as bread cubes or apples], title: Swiss Fondue, picturelink: NU53Xebbs7rHUvxtR24Pc.1hc9Teu}, 4090: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a bowl, beat together the evaporated milk, condensed milk, vanilla extract, egg whites, and whole eggs. Set aside. In a medium saute pan on medium heat, heat the sugar until syruplike and brown in color, about 8 to 10 minutes. Keep stirring the sugar as it can burn easily. Pour the melted sugar caramel into a 9 by 13inch baking dish, coating around the bottom and sides. Pour in the milk mixture. Place the entire baking dish in a larger dish filled halfway up the smaller baking dish with water, but be sure not to let any water spill into the flan mixture. Cover with foil. Bake in the oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until the custard is set.nLet the custard cool 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [2 cups fatfree evaporated milk, 2 cups fatfree sweetened condensed milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 egg whites, 3 whole eggs, 12 cup pure cane sugar], title: Flan, picturelink: SVO6zIfqqcADM2W0zr4phrAJmTUnLi}, 4091: {instructions: For cookies: Spoon cookie mix into a wiremesh strainer set over a large bowl. Sift the cookie mix through strainer, leaving the chocolate chips in strainer reserve the chocolate chips for another use. Add flour, eggs, oil, and butter flavoring to cookie mix in bowl. Stir until dough comes together. Shape into a ball, then wrap in plastic wrap. Chill dough in refrigerator for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line cookie sheets with parchment paper and set aside.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out chilled dough to 14inch thickness. Using a 3inch flowershaped cookie cutter, cut 12 shapes from the dough. Using a 1inch round cookie cutter, cut out each flower center. Reroll the scrap dough and cut out another 12 flower shapes, but do not cut out centers. Transfer the flowers to the prepared cookie sheets, spacing cookies 2 inches apart.nBake cookies 8 to 10 minutes or just until starting to brown. Cool on cookie sheets for 5 minutes. Transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool completely.nFor filling: In a medium bowl, stir together frosting and powdered sugar until well mixed. Gently stir in 12 cup toffee bits.nSpoon a heaping tablespoon filling onto each of the whole flower cookies. Top each with a cutout flower cookie. Sprinkle a scant teaspoon of the remaining toffee bits in the center of each cutout cookie., ingredients: [1 17.5ounce pouch chocolate chip cookie mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon imitation butter flavoring, 1 cup whipped buttercream frosting, 14 cup powdered sugar, sifted, 34 cup toffee bits recommended: Heath], title: Butter Toffee Flower Sandwiches, picturelink: qA7IfwJ1zOPLFzoRjws.wziy7lg5pVu}, 4092: {instructions: Heat a large pan over mediumhigh heat, and then pour in some oil. Add the bell peppers, garlic and shallots and sweat. Add the sausage, prawns and shrimp, pour in the white wine and bring to a simmer. Stir in the white rice, crawfish and butter. Season with the lemon juice and add cayenne, salt and black pepper to taste., ingredients: [Olive oil, 12 cup roughly chopped bell peppers, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 cup roughly chopped sausage, 8 ounces peeled prawns, 8 ounces peeled shrimp, 1 cup white wine, 2 cups freshly cooked white rice, 4 ounces crawfish, 1 tablespoon butter, Juice of 1 lemon, Cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Gs Quick Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 4093: {instructions: Peel the shrimp, leaving the tails on reserve the shells. Devein the shrimp, then rinse in a colander drain and pat dry. Sprinkle with the Creole seasoning.nHeat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over high heat. Add the shrimp shells and half of the scallions and cook until the shells turn pink, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the Worcestershire sauce and 1 12 cups water and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Strain the shrimp broth through a finemesh strainer into a bowl discard the solids.nMelt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in the skillet over high heat. Add the shrimp and the remaining scallions and cook until the shrimp start to turn pink, about 1 minute. Add the reserved shrimp broth and simmer until cooked through, about 3 more minutes.nMeanwhile, put the corn in a microwavesafe dish and microwave until hot, 2 to 3 minutes. Cut the tomato into chunks. Divide the corn and tomatoes among bowls. Add the shrimp and ladle in the broth. Serve with bread.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [24 large shrimp in the shell about 1 12 pounds, 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 bunches scallions, chopped, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, 1 large tomato or 2 plum tomatoes, Toasted French bread, for serving], title: New OrleansStyle Shrimp, picturelink: P9xOjnk3WHOtNvQ5OGEwGVh1igG6ceS}, 4094: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: ViseGripsnDough: Combine the flour and yeast in the work bowl of a stand mixer. Add the salt, water, 2 tablespoons of olive oil, and malted barley syrup. Start the mixer on low, using the hook attachment, and mix until the dough just comes together, approximately 1 12 minutes. Increase the mixer speed to medium and knead for 15 minutes. Tear off a small piece of dough and flatten into a disk. Gently stretch the dough until thin. Hold it up to the light and look to see if the bakers windowpane, or a seethrough, taut membrane has formed. The dough will be quite sticky, but manageable. Fold the dough onto itself and form it into a smooth ball. Oil the bowl of the stand mixer or other large canister with 2 teaspoons of olive oil. Put the dough in the bowl and roll it around to coat with the oil. Cover with a tea towel or plastic wrap and leave at room temperature to double in size, approximately 1 hour. Split the dough into 3 equal parts using a knife or dough scraper. Flatten each piece into a disk on the countertop. Form each piece into a ball. Roll each ball on the counter until they tighten into rounds. Cover the balls with a tea towel and rest for 45 minutes. To shape and cook the margherita pizza: Heat a gas grill to high and make sure the grill grates are clean and free of debris. Toss the tomato with 1 tablespoon of olive oil, the garlic, salt and red pepper flakes in a medium mixing bowl and set aside. Lightly flour the countertop and flatten 1 of the dough balls. Use a rolling pin to roll the dough into a 16inch round, rotating and stretching the dough as you go. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured pizza peel and stretch to reshape if necessary. Oil the grill grates and decrease the heat to medium. Brush the dough with 1 to 2 teaspoons of olive oil and flip onto 1 end of the hot grill, leaving room for the tomatoes on the grate. Put the prepared tomatoes on the grill, close the lid and cook until the bottom of the crust is golden brown and the tomatoes are softened, about 1 to 2 minutes. Brush the raw side of the dough with 1 to 2 teaspoons of olive oil, then immediately flip using the peel. Top with the grilled tomatoes, smashing and spreading the tomatoes to create a sauce. Sprinkle with the Parmesan, mozzarella and basil. Close the lid and cook until the bottom of crust is golden brown and the cheese has melted, another 1 to 2 minutes. Using the peel, remove the pizza to a cooling rack and let rest for 3 minutes before slicing.nTo shape and cook the date and Prosciutto pizza: Heat a gas grill to high and make sure the grill grates are clean and free of debris. Layer 2 paper towels on a plate and lay the mozzarella slices in a single layer. Top with 2 more paper towels, a second plate, and a 2 pound weight. Set aside at room temperature for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, lightly flour the countertop and flatten 1 of the dough balls. Use a rolling pin to roll the dough into a 16inch round, rotating and stretching the dough as you go. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured pizza peel and stretch to reshape if necessary. Oil the grill grates and decrease the heat to medium. Brush the dough with 1 to 2 teaspoons of olive oil and flip onto the hot grill. Close the lid and cook until the bottom of crust is golden brown, for 1 to 2 minutes. Brush the raw side of the dough with 1 to 2 teaspoons of olive oil, then immediately flip using the peel, brush with remaining 1 to 2 teaspoons of olive oil, and top with the Parmesan, prepared mozzarella, prosciutto, dates and thyme. Close the lid and cook until the bottom of crust is golden brown and the cheese has melted, about 1 to 2 minutes. Using the peel, remove the pizza to a cooling rack and rest for 3 minutes before slicing. To shape and cook cracker pizza: Lightly flour the countertop and flatten 1 of the dough balls. Use a rolling pin to roll the dough into an 11 by 17inch rectangle to fit a standard, stainless steel cooling rack. Lay the dough sheet onto the rack and gently stretch around the edges, pinching to hold in place. Brush the dough with 1 to 2 teaspoons of olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Attach the ViseGrips to 1 end of the cooling rack to use as a handle. Turn a gas burner on high. Hold the rack about 2 inches above the flame, and move back and forth constantly until the bottom is golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Carefully turn the dough over, brush with 1 to 2 teaspoons olive oil and season with additional salt and pepper, if desired. Cook, as before, until golden brown, an additional 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [16 ounces allpurpose flour, plus extra for peel and rolling, 1 envelope instant or rapid rise yeast, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 10 ounces warm water, approximately 105 degrees F, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 teaspoons for bowl, 1 tablespoon malted barley syrup, 1 large tomato, cut into 13inch thick slices, 5 to 7 teaspoons olive oil, divided, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12ounce grated Parmesan, 1 12 ounces part skim mozzarella, shredded, 4 to 6 large basil leaves, shredded, 3 12 ounces fresh mozzarella, cut into 14inch thick slices, 3 to 6 teaspoons olive oil, divided, 12ounce grated Parmesan, 1ounce prosciutto ham, approximately 3 slices, coarsely chopped, 4 whole dates, pitted and finely chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 to 4 teaspoons olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Pizza Three Ways, picturelink: PPVlHTFmm7zWxDu3aHa3YnlhyOtfGG}, 4095: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice the baguette diagonally into 14inch slices. You should have 20 to 25 slices. Place the slices in 1 layer on a baking sheet. Brush each slice with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nBake the toasts for 15 to 20 minutes or until they are crisp and browned. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 baguette, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Toasted Baguette, picturelink: null}, 4096: {instructions: Soak the currants in the sherry.nMeanwhile, heat the butter in a Dutch oven or pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions, then season with salt and pepper. Sweat until the onions are very tender, then stir in the paprika and chili powder. Stir in the sherry and currants.nPuree the peppers with 1 cup water until smooth, then add the pureed peppers to the Dutch oven with the tomato sauce. Stir in the almonds and the Beef and Tomato Base, then bring to a simmer and let the flavors combine a few minutes. Adjust the seasoning and remove from the heat.nCool and store for a makeahead meal or serve immediately. Reheat over medium heat, garnish with parsley and pass chips for dipping and topping.nHeat the oil in a large pan over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is very hot, pat the meat dry with paper towels and add half of the beef to the pan. Crumble the beef with a potato masher or wooden utensil. Cook to develop a deep brown color, season with salt and pepper, and then remove to a plate. Repeat the process with the remaining beef. Add the tomato paste to the pan and stir until fragrant. Then add the stock and the browned beef. Stir to combine, then reduce the heat to a simmer., ingredients: [3 tablespoons currants, 12 cup sherry, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 medium onions, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 round tablespoons paprika or smoked sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 jar piquillo peppers, drained about 1 cup, 1 cup tomato sauce, 12 cup slivered or sliced almonds, lightly toasted, 4 cups Beef and Tomato Base, recipe follows, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish, Goodquality ridged potato chips, to serve, 2 to 3 tablespoons canola oil, 3 pounds ground beef sirloin, at room temperature, Salt and coarse black pepper, 12 cup tomato paste, 4 cups beef stock], title: Beef Picadillo, picturelink: null}, 4097: {instructions: Place the wheatberries in a strainer and rinse under cold water. In a large pot, combine the wheatberries with 2 12 quarts of salted water and cook until al dente, about 50 minutes. Drain and set aside.nHeat olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and add the white wine. Simmer until wine has evaporated, about 7 minutes. Add the onions and mushrooms to the wheatberries in a medium bowl. Toss with the herbs and season with salt and pepper, to taste serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup wheatberries, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup yellow onions, chopped, 1 cup sliced white button mushrooms, 12 cup white wine, 2 teaspoons coarsely chopped parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons coarsely chopped sage leaves, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Warm Wheatberry Salad, picturelink: null}, 4098: {instructions: Using a vegetable peeler, remove the zest from 2 oranges in strips. Cut the strips lengthwise as thinly as possible until you have 2 tablespoons of thin slices. Reserve the thin slices and discard the remaining zest. Using a sharp knife, remove the entire rind from the 6 oranges and cut them lengthwise in half. Cut each half crosswise into 14inch slices to form halfmoons. Remove the seeds.nHeat the oil in a 10inch skillet over high heat. Add the rosemary to the skillet, cook for a few seconds, and then add the olives. Cook for 10 seconds or until the olives begin to absorb the rosemaryinfused oil. Stir in the reserved 2 tablespoons of thinly sliced orange zest. Cook for a few seconds, then remove the skillet from the heat and allow the mixture to cool in the skillet.nAdd the orange juice to a mediumsized bowl and pour in twice the amount of olive oil as there is juice. Whisk lightly until combined. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nPut the spinach in a large bowl. Add the reserved orange slices and pour in the oliveorange mixture from the skillet. Add the vinaigrette and toss gently to evenly coat the spinach. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the salad to a serving platter or individual bowls. Grate some ricotta salata over the top, and serve immediately.nTwice the amount of olive oil as orange juice ., ingredients: [6 medium navel oranges, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 cup oilcured black olives, pitted and halved, 12 cups lightly packed baby spinach or arugula leaves, Finely ground sea salt, preferably gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces ricotta salata, 2 medium navel oranges, juiced, Finely ground sea salt, preferably gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Sliced Orange Salad with Sauteed Olives and Ricotta Salata, picturelink: XKJHTX6aGeHmatscV1NkGMFARV0qy3y}, 4099: {instructions: Put 2 jalapenos into a small bowl and top with 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons tequila. Cover and refrigerate for a day. Pour the spicy tequila into a pitcher and add 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled lime juice, the orange liqueur, and the guava juice, and refrigerate again until chilled. Put salt into a small plate and use lime wedge to moisten the rims of margarita glasses. Halve, remove the seeds and thinly slice the third jalapeno. Garnish each glass with 1 slice. Pour the chilled margarita mixture into the glasses. Serve., ingredients: [3 jalapeno chiles, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons tequila, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons lime juice from about 5 limes, plus extra wedges for rims, optional, 14 cup orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau or Grand Marnier, 3 tablespoons guava juice, Coarse salt or margarita salt], title: GuavaJalapeno Margaritas, picturelink: null}, 4100: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, toss the sweet potatoes with the olive oil, oregano, salt, pepper, chipotle powder and garlic until the potatoes are evenly coated. Arrange the sweet potatoes in a 9 12inch round glass baking dish, arranging in overlapping, concentric circles, until the dish is filled. Cover with foil and bake until tender, about 30 minutes.nRemove the foil and add the cream. Return the casserole to the oven and continue baking, uncovered, until golden with crisp edges another 20 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 medium yams or sweet potatoes, sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground chipotle powder, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup heavy cream], title: Spicy Sweet Potato Casserole, picturelink: F8Gfp5zThJ3q6IWx1dxwqEdSok53aEy}, 4101: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Wrap each shrimp with a bacon slice. Thread each shrimp on a small bamboo skewer and brush lightly with oil before broiling. Place skewers on a wire rack set into a foillined metal tray.nBroil the shrimp until the bacon gets crispy on all sides. Baste with barbecue sauce and broil for 2 minutes. Turn once and finish, another 3 to 6 minutes, or until shrimp are just cooked through. Serve warm., ingredients: [30 31 to 35 shrimp, peeled and deveined, 15 strips bacon, partially cooked and cut in half, Vegetable oil, as needed, 1 cup barbecue sauce, Equipment: Small bamboo skewers], title: Barbecued Shrimp and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 4102: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Slice the tops off the pumpkins. Placing a pumpkin on a towel will help keep it from rolling around. Scoop out the seeds, and discard. Using a pastry brush, brush insides of pumpkins with 2 tablespoons melted butter. Season insides of pumpkins with 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, and 14 teaspoon nutmeg. Place pumpkins on a baking sheet cover tightly with foil. Bake until tender, about 30 minutes. Bring a medium saucepan of water to boil. Add pearl onions, and let simmer for 15 minutes. Drain rinse under cold running water. Peel onions, and set aside. Melt 5 tablespoons butter in a large, highsided skillet set over medium heat. Add potatoes and onions, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes begin to turn golden. Add mushrooms and carrots, and cook 4 to 5 minutes more. Add flour, and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add reduced chicken stock and milk, and bring to a simmer. Cook until thick and bubbly, stirring constantly, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in chicken, thyme, parsley, sage, remaining 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon grated nutmeg, and 34 teaspoon pepper. Remove from heat, and divide mixture among reserved pumpkin shells. Roll each piece of pate brisee to an 18inch thickness. Pull center of dough upward to form a pumpkinlike stem. Place over the hollow of each filled pumpkin. Using the back of a small paring knife, mark the dough to simulate the lines of the pumpkin. Brush top of dough with egg wash. Bake until crust is golden, about 45 minutes.nPlace peppercorns, dill, parsley, bay leaves, leeks, carrots, celery, chicken, wings, and backs into a large stockpot. Add stock and 6 cups cold water. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a very gentle simmer, and cook for 45 minutes. Liquid should just bubble up to the surface. A skin will form on the surface of the liquid skim this off with a slotted spoon, and discard. Repeat as needed. After 45 minutes, remove chicken from the pot, and set aside until it is cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones, set the meat aside, and return the bones to the pot. Shred the chicken, and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use. Continue to simmer the stock, on the lowest heat possible, for 3 hours, skimming as needed. The chicken bones will begin to disintegrate. Strain the stock through a fine sieve into a very large bowl. Discard the solids. Place the bowl in an ice bath, and let cool to room temperature. Transfer to airtight containers. Stock may be refrigerated for 3 days or frozen for 4 months. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight. If storing, leave fat layer intact to the seal the stock. Before using, remove the layer of fat that has collected on the surface.nYield: 5 quartsnPut the flour and salt in the bowl of a food processor. All ingredients should be cold. Add the pieces of butter, pulse for approximately 10 seconds, or just until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the thyme leaves, and pulse to combine.nAdd ice water, drop by drop, through the feed tube with the machine running, until the dough just holds together without being wet or sticky do not process more than 30 seconds. Test the dough at this point by squeezing a small amount together. If it is crumbly, add a bit more water. Divide the dough in half, and shape into 2 disks. Wrap in plastic film, and refrigerate to chill for at least 1 hour.nThis recipe makes enough to cover 12 potpies wrap any unused dough in 2 layers of plastic wrap, and freeze for later use., ingredients: [6 2pound sugar pumpkins, preferably short and squat, 5 tablespoons butter, plus 2 tablespoons melted, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 pound pearl onions, 9 ounces potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 12 ounces button mushrooms, quartered if large, 8 ounces carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces 2 medium carrots, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups Homemade Chicken Stock or canned lowsodium chicken broth, skimmed of fat recipe follows, reduced by 13, 1 cup milk, 4 12 cups poached or roasted chicken from a 5pound chicken, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, 12 recipe Pate Brisee with Thyme, recipe follows, 1 large egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon heavy cream, for egg wash, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 6 sprigs fresh dill or 2 teaspoons dried dill, 6 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 leeks, washed, white and palegreen parts only, cut into 13, 2 carrots, scrubbed, cut into 13, 2 stalks celery, cut into 13, 1 4pound chicken, cut into 6 pieces, 1 12 pounds chicken wings, 1 12 pounds chicken backs, 2 48ounce cans lowsodium chicken broth, about 12 cups, 6 cups cold water, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons thyme leaves, 14 cup to 12 cup ice water], title: Chicken Potpie in a Pumpkin, picturelink: null}, 4103: {instructions: Halve sponge cakes and scoop out center. Fill cavities with a half scoop ice cream. Close up cake, completely enclosing ice cream. Place in freezer.nMelt jam in saucepan on medium heat. Season with cardamom and rum. Stir butter into apricot mixture. Keep warm to serve.nHeat oil in deep fryer to 375 degrees F. Remove cakes from freezer and dip into coating batter. Fry for 10 seconds or until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Serve on a heated platter, covered with apricot sauce.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Cream together butter and sugar until light and fluffy and doubled in bulk. Add eggs, one at a time. Using a tablespoon, fold in flour and immediate place mixture into 2 to 3inch greased and floured muffin tins. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Cool.nWarm mixing bowl. Add flour and salt and make a well in center. Add yeast and water to well. Dissolve the yeast and gradually incorporate the flour. Mix in beer and oil. Cover with a clean cloth and place in a warm spot for 2 to 4 hours. Add egg white immediately before use., ingredients: [6 Sponge Cakes, edges trimmed, recipe follows, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 34 cup apricot jam, 12 teaspoon cardamon, 2 ounces rum, 2 ounces butter, Peanut or canola oil, to fry, Coating Batter, recipe follows, 12 cup butter, 12 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 4 ounces selfrising flour, 2 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons active dry yeast, 10 tablespoons about 6 ounces warm water, 10 tablespoons about 6 ounces flat beer, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Deep Fried Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 4104: {instructions: Begin by making the ginger simple syrup. Peel and grate the ginger. Add it together with the sugar and cold water to a saucepan. Bring it to the boil and stir until the sugar dissolves. Cover and let steep for 15 minutes. Strain, discard ginger pieces and set simple syrup aside.nIn a blender add frozen peaches and ginger simple syrup. Blend until completely pureed then place into the refrigerator to cool.nFor serving:nAdd ice cubes to a cocktail shaker and fill half way with peach puree. Top off with Champagne and shake vigorously to combine. Pour into Champagne glasses and repeat process as needed., ingredients: [14 cup sliced fresh ginger, with skin, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 cups cold water, 10 ounces semifrozen peaches, 12 cup ginger simple syrup, Ice cubes, 1 bottle Champagne], title: Peach Ginger Bellini, picturelink: kSB6evJu32Ih6Fpx5R.8GSaSmLKuGlG}, 4105: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the broth, Cajun seasoning, and hot sauce and bring to a simmer. Stir in the jambalaya and beans and cook until hot, about 5 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve, garnished with scallions., ingredients: [4 cups chicken broth, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Reserved 1 12 cups Chicken Jambalaya, 1 15ounce can red kidney beans, drained and rinsed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 scallions, sliced], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Cajun Red Bean and Rice Soup, picturelink: null}, 4106: {instructions: Combine the quartered celery, smashed garlic, half of the lemon juice, 10 cups water, and salt and pepper to taste in a large saucepan. Cover and bring to a boil, then uncover, add the carrots and cook 2 minutes. Add the shrimp and cook until opaque, about 4 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer the carrots and shrimp to a colander and rinse under cold water. Return the water to a boil, add the scallops and cook until opaque, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the scallops with a slotted spoon, add to the colander and rinse under cold water.nLadle out 13 cup of the poaching liquid set aside to cool. Dice half of the avocado and combine with the sliced celery, lettuce, capers and croutons in a large bowl. Add the carrots, shrimp and scallops.nPuree the remaining avocado half in a blender with the reserved poaching liquid, the remaining lemon juice, the caper brine, chopped garlic, mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Toss with the salad and season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 stalks celery 1 quartered, 2 thinly sliced, 3 small cloves garlic 2 smashed, 1 chopped, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 ounces baby carrots, halved lengthwise, 34 pound small shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 pound sea scallops, halved horizontally, 1 small avocado, halved, pitted and peeled, 2 romaine lettuce hearts, torn, 1 tablespoon capers, plus 1 tablespoon brine from the jar, 2 cups croutons, 1 tablespoon light mayonnaise], title: Seafood Salad, picturelink: KWag3UIDlgxkiRq3MTRBTefnjj2Zgf2}, 4107: {instructions: Scrub the potatoes and boil them in their skins. Chop the scallions finely. Cover with cold milk and bring slowly to a boil. Simmer for about 3 to 4 minutes, turn off the heat and leave to infuse. Peel and mash the freshly boiled potatoes and while hot, mix with the boiling milk and scallions. Beat in the butter. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground pepper. Serve in 1 large or 6 individual bowls with a knob of butter melting in the centre. Champ may be put aside and reheated later in a moderate oven, 350 degrees F 180 degrees C. Cover with tin foil while it reheats so that it doesnt get a skin.nScallion Champ is one of the bestloved Irish potato recipes. A bowl of mashed flecked with green scallions and a blob of butter melting in the centre is comfort food at its very best.nNote: This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [6 to 8 unpeeled old potatoes, eg. Russet or Yukon Gold, 1 bunch scallions use the bulb and green stem, 12 fluid ounces 350 milliliters1 12 cups milk, 2 to 4 ounces 55 to 110 grams12 to 1 stick butter, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Scallion Champ, picturelink: M1fu.N23r2WCgHxswg4hojQWSKSIEC}, 4108: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13inch casserole dish with butter flavored cooking spray.nSpread half of the apple pie filling in the bottom of the casserole dish. Sprinkle with the cinnamon and 1 12 packets of oatmeal. Dot with half the butter. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nCover with foil and bake for about 1 hour. Remove from oven and let sit for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Butter flavored cooking spray, 2 21ounce cans apple pie filling recommended: Comstock, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 packets instant oatmeal with raisins and spice, divided recommended: Quaker Oats, 6 tablespoons butter, divided], title: Apple Raisin Betty, picturelink: wCgYBf1kVN0ubVva..IGucW6muWOEye}, 4109: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain the pasta in a colander. While the pasta is still in the colander, use kitchen sheers to cut the linguine into smaller pieces. The pasta should measure about 3 cups.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease the muffin tin.nIn a blender combine the eggs, milk, cream, and mascarpone cheese. Blend until well combined. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl. Add the cut pasta, prosciutto, mozzarella cheese, Asiago cheese, parsley, garlic, salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Stir until the ingredients are combined.nUsing a 13 cup measure, fill each of the muffin tins until both the pasta and liquid are at the top. Bake until firm and cooked through, about 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool for 3 minutes before removing from the tin. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [12 pound linguine pasta, 7 large eggs, 12 cup milk, 14 cup cream, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 6 ounces diced prosciutto, 5 ounces smoked mozzarella cheese, diced 1 cup diced, 12 cup grated Asiago cheese, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Special equipment: 1 regularsized muffin tin for 12 muffins], title: Linguine and Prosciutto Frittatas, picturelink: 3FA3TdzKbi9NrefI5jcmGLTTsLgqnaO}, 4110: {instructions: Equipment: 11 x 17 x 1inch baking tray, the bottom lined with parchment papernPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl of an electric mixer, combine the egg yolks, 1 cup of the sugar, salt, and vanilla. Using the whisk attachment on high speed whip until thick, 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce to medium speed and slowly add the hot water. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Increase to high speed and again whip until thick. Fold in the flour and then the melted butter. Set aside.nIn a clean bowl of an electric mixer using the whisk attachment, whip the egg whites on medium speed until frothy. Increase to high speed and slowly add the remaining 12 cup sugar. Whip the egg whites until stiff and then fold them into the reserved batter. Gently spread the batter in the prepared baking tray. Bake until the cake is golden brown and springs back lightly when touched, about 20 to 25 minutes. Cool the cake in the pan. Remove the cake from the pan by running a knife along the inside edge of the pan and inverting it onto a work surface. Carefully peel off the parchment paper.nThe genoise can be made a day or two in advance. Store wrapped in plastic wrap at room temperature. It also freezes well., ingredients: [6 large eggs, separated, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup hot water, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup allpurpose flour], title: Vanilla Genoise, picturelink: null}, 4111: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace paper liners into 2 12cup muffin tins and set aside. If you prefer, set 12 ovenproof coffee mugs on a half sheet pan and set aside.nIn a medium mixing bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.nPlace the egg yolks and 5 ounces of the sugar into the bowl of a stand mixer and whisk on high for 2 minutes or until the mixture becomes pale yellow and ribbons when lifted. Add the water, vegetable oil and vanilla and whisk to combine. Add the dry ingredients and whisk just to combine. Transfer the batter to a mixing bowl while you whisk the egg whites.nPlace the egg whites and cream of tartar into a clean bowl and whisk on high using the whisk attachment, until it becomes foamy. Decrease the speed to low and gradually add the remaining ounce of sugar. Increase speed to high and continue whisking until stiff peaks form, approximately 2 minutes.nTransfer 13 of the egg whites to the batter and whisk until well combined. Add the remaining egg whites and fold in gently. Transfer batter into prepared muffin tins or coffee mugs, evenly dividing the batter between the cups. Place both muffin tins on the middle rack of the oven or, if using mugs, place all of them on a half sheet pan and set on the bottom rack of the oven. Bake for 30 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean or the cupcakes reach an internal temperature of 205 to 210 degrees F. Remove from the oven to a cooling rack and allow to cool completely before frosting., ingredients: [5 14 ounces cake flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 large eggs, separated, 6 ounces sugar, divided, 14 cup water, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 58 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: Chiffon Cupcakes, picturelink: wmMkGnbA960roXl1ezxU8QYJAlf3iIK}, 4112: {instructions: Mix 12 cup dijon mustard, 1 grated peeled apple, 1 minced shallot, 2 tablespoons brown sugar and 2 teaspoons crushed fennel seeds.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: AppleFennel Mustard, picturelink: ZK83.ZmiSBL2qo4Rx90EDeedxIg0ty}, 4113: {instructions: Season the meat with Hawaiian sea salt and black pepper, to taste. Grill on Hawaiian Ohia Wood for a rosie flavor and Hawaiian Keawe mesquite., ingredients: [Filet mignon steaks, Hawaiian sea salt, Black pepper], title: Island Raised Steaks, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 4114: {instructions: Split the eggplants in half through the stem and score sides. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt. Grill eggplants on a very hot grill pan until skins are wrinkled and black and flesh side is nicely charred.nWhen the eggplants are cool enough to handle, cut off tops.nIn a food processor, combine eggplant, garlic, tahini, lemon juice, cumin, and cilantro and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Pour in the olive oil and pulse again to incorporate. Taste and adjust seasoning, as needed. Pour into a serving bowl and garnish with a drizzle of olive oil and some roughly chopped cilantro. Serve with pita strips for dipping.nTo make pita strips.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Put the pita wedges in a large mixing bowl. Combine zaatar spice mix and extravirgin olive oil and drizzle over wedges. Season with salt and toss to coat evenly. Lay out pita wedges on a roasting tray and bake in the hot oven for 10 to 15 minutes until warmed through. If you prefer a crispier pita bake for a further 5 to 7 minutes. Serve warm with baba ghanoush., ingredients: [4 baby Italian eggplants about 1 pound total, scored, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon tahini paste, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Handful cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 8 large pita rounds, cut into strips, 2 tablespoons zaatar dry spice, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Baba Ghanoush with Warm Pita, picturelink: bOPSlcikQMf4KtikExQ877ZVEE6tpPa}, 4115: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8by8inch baking pan a square pan will result in thicker brownies.nIn a mediumlarge saucepan, melt the butter with the chocolate over low heat, whisking occasionally until smooth and melted. Sprinkle in the cocoa powder and whisk to combine. Allow to cool for about 10 minutes.nStir in the granulated sugar and vanilla until just combined. Stir in the eggs. Gently stir in the flour until halfway incorporated. Pour the batter it will be very thick into the prepared pan.nPlace the dulce de leche in a glass bowl. Warm it in the microwave for 30 to 45 seconds. Drop large dollops of dulce de leche on the surface of the brownie batter. Use a knife to slowly swirl it through the batter. Dont drag the knife sideways through the batter hold it so the thin side of the knife leads the way.nBake for 40 minutes, then check the brownies with a toothpick. If they are overly gooeymessy, return to the oven for 5 to 10 more minutes just be careful not to burn the edges. Allow to cool completely important, then sprinkle with powdered sugar and cut into small squares., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks butter, plus more for greasing pan, 5 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 3 large eggs, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, Half of a 14ounce can dulce de leche, Powdered sugar, for sprinkling], title: Caramel Brownies, picturelink: oo.Jz2whhbKpHVBQh2zc.4wlrIGVWC}, 4116: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nHalve potatoes and place on a cookie sheet. Combine with cracked cloves of garlic. Coat potatoes and garlic with extravirgin oil and season with rosemary, salt and pepper.nPlace potatoes on center rack of oven and roast 20 minutes, until just tender., ingredients: [2 pounds small potatoes, baby Yukon gold or red skin potatoes, 6 cloves garlic, cracked away from skin, 2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, enough to just coat potatoes, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Baby Potatoes with Rosemary, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 4117: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees. Oil a 10inch cast iron skillet. Roll out or stretch dough to fit into skillet, pressing it with oiled fingers until it comes 2 inches up the sides and is an even thickness on bottom. Let dough rise in a warm place for 10 minutes.nIn a skillet set over moderate heat cook the sausage, stirring, until it is no longer pink. Transfer to a plate. Add 2 tablespoons oil to the skillet and heat it until hot. Add the peppers, onion, salt and pepper and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Return the sausage to the pan, add the Marinara sauce and oregano and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes more.nSprinkle dough with half of mozzarella and top with sausage mixture and remaining mozzarella. Sprinkle with Parmesan and drizzle with remaining oil. Bake in lower third of an electric oven or on floor of a gas oven for 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 400 degrees. and bake 10 minutes more, or until crust is golden. Sprinkle with basil., ingredients: [1 pound pizza dough, thawed, if frozen, 1 pound italian sausage, casings discarded, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups thinly sliced green bell pepper, 1 cup thinly sliced onion, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 3 cloves garlic, minced fine, 2 cups fresh marinara sauce, available in refrigerator sections of supermarkets, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled, 2 cups pregrated mozzarella cheese about 12 pound, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Thinly sliced basil leaves, if desired], title: Deep Dish Sausage, Bell Pepper and Onion Pizza, picturelink: null}, 4118: {instructions: In a 2quart heavy saucepan bring 2 cups of the milk, 2 tablespoons of the sugar, and the scraped vanilla bean to a boil over medium heat.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar. Slowly pour 1 cup of the hot milk mixture, whisking constantly, into the egg yolksugar mixture. Do not pour the entire yolksugar mixture into the boiling milk mixture, as it will curdle the eggs. Whisk in the remaining milk. Pour the milkyolk mixture into the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture coats the back of a spoon. Do not boil.nRemove from the heat and stir in the rum. Strain the mixture through a fine wire sieve into a heatproof bowl. Place the sauce in an ice bath. When cool, transfer the sauce to a bowl. Cover the surface with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator, until ready to use. Sauce will keep in the refrigerator for 4 to 5 days if well sealed., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, scraped, 4 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons Jamaican rum], title: Creme Anglaise Vanilla Custard Sauce, picturelink: null}, 4119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, toss the garlic cloves with 2 tablespoonsnof the olive oil and some salt. Wrap the garlic cloves in tinfoil and place onnthe tray in the center of the oven. Cook until tender when pierced with the tipnof a knife, 20 to 25 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the balsamic with 34 cupnof the olive oil and the mustard.nIn a medium bowl, toss the mushrooms in the remaining 2ntablespoons olive oil. Season with salt. Place them, stemside up, on thenhottest part of the grill. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, you may see liquidnstarting to emerge from the stem area. Flip to the other side and cook for annadditional 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer them to a tray and place in the center ofnthe oven. Cook until they are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, annadditional 12 to 15 minutes. Season them lightly with salt.nRemove the garlic from the oven. Squeeze the garlic pulp outnfrom their skins and whisk it vigorously into the dressing. Arrange thenmushrooms on a serving platter and top with the dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 13 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 4 large portobello mushrooms, wiped of any dirt, washed and quickly dried, if necessary], title: Grilled Portobello Mushrooms with Balsamic, picturelink: 28xDqPticEFADlreaY5mHCbiFkjd8Q6}, 4120: {instructions: In a pot of boiling water cook soba for about 8 to 10 minutes or according to package directions. until done. While soba is cooking heat butter in a small skillet until it is golden brown you want the flavor of the butter. Drain soba and return to saucepan and toss with golden butter and 4 tablespoons of sour cream, chives and half of caviar. Portion out and top with more sour cream and caviar if you wish., ingredients: [8 ounces dried Buckwheat noodles soba, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 to 12 cup sour cream, 2 to 4 ounces red caviar salmon roe, 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives], title: Buckwheat Noodles with Red Caviar and Sour Cream, picturelink: null}, 4121: {instructions: Place the rum in a heatproof bowl and sprinkle with gelatin. Set aside for 10 minutes for the gelatin to soften.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the pumpkin, granulated sugar, brown sugar, egg yolks, orange zest, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt. Set the bowl of gelatin over a pan of simmering water and cook until the gelatin is clear. Immediately whisk the hot gelatin mixture into the pumpkin mixture. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whip the heavy cream and vanilla until soft peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the pumpkin mixture.nTo assemble, spoon some of the pumpkin mixture into parfait glasses, add a layer of whipped cream, then some chopped cookies. Repeat, ending with a third layer of pumpkin. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight. To serve, decorate with whipped cream and slivered crystallized ginger., ingredients: [14 cup dark rum, 1 packet 2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin powder, 1 15ounce can pumpkin not pie filling, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 2 extralarge egg yolks, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Sweetened whipped cream, 8 to 10 chopped ginger cookies, Crystallized ginger, for decoration, optional], title: Pumpkin Mousse Parfaits, picturelink: null}, 4122: {instructions: Place 2 scoops of ice cream in a dessert bowl. Top with some toasted coconut, nuts, whipped cream, a drizzle of caramel sauce and some extra coconut., ingredients: [2 scoops chunky monkey ice cream, 1 cup toasted sweetened coconut, 14 cup chopped macadamia nuts, 1 canister whipped cream, 1 jar store bought caramel sauce], title: Tropical Sundaes, picturelink: null}, 4123: {instructions: To prepare the ketchup: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the tomatoes in 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and place on a baking sheet. Roast in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes or until soft.nTransfer the tomatoes to a food processor and process until smooth. Strain the tomatoes, pressing against the solids with a wooden spoon to extract as much pulp and juice as possible.nHeat the remaining olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and saute the onions and garlic until translucent. Add the tomato puree and remaining ingredients and continue cooking, uncovered for 25 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally until thick.nTo prepare the burgers: Shape the meat firmly into 4 round uniform patties about 1 12inches thick. Brush both sides of the burgers lightly with the remaining olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Heat a large cast iron skillet over medium high heat until just smoking. Cook the burgers until done to your preference, 5 to 6 minutes on each side for medium rare etc., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ripe tomatoes, cored and quartered, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon allspice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds freshly ground beef, top sirloin or top round, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Four rolls], title: Beef Burger with Roasted Tomato Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 4124: {instructions: Special equipment: Equipment for panna cotta: 6 4ounce custard cups, lightly buttered Equipment for tuiles: 2 silicone baking mats 2 baking sheets which fit mats A thin offset spatulanFor the panna cotta, stir together the green tea and gelatin and set aside briefly. Combine milk and cream in a saucepan over medium heat and whisk in sugar. Heat to boiling and remove from heat. Add vanilla and gelatintea mixture and stir until sugar and gelatin are completely dissolved. Pour into the custard cups and refrigerate at least 4 hours until gelatin sets up completely.nHeat adzuki beans and sugar over medium heat stirring to dissolve sugar. Allow to cool and puree in a blender with canola oil. Strain into a bowl and set aside until needed.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line 1 baking sheet with a silicone baking mat and lay rice wrapper squares on mat. Top with another silicone baking mat and a second baking sheet as a weight. Bake for 15 minutes, then remove the baking sheet and top silicone mat and allow to further bake until brown, about 3 more minutes. Remove from mat with a thin spatula and allow to cool completely.nSift powdered sugar over the tuiles. Spoon some sauce into the center of a dessert plate. Invert the custard from the mold into the center of the sauce. Slide 2 tuiles horizontally into the custard 1 on each side. Top custard with 1 cherry blossom. Serve with hot cherry blossom tea., ingredients: [12 cup strong green tea, cold  preferably Sakura Cherry Blossom Flavored Green Tea, 1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin 1 envelope, 34 cup milk, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 8 pickled cherry blossoms, 1 16ounce can adzuki beans, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 8 12inch square or 10 12inch square spring roll wrappers rice wrappers, cut into fourths with a pizza cutter, 14 cup powdered sugar], title: Green Tea Panna Cotta with Sweet Adzuki Sauce Cherry Blossom Jam and Tuiles, picturelink: null}, 4125: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil over medium heat. Set a bowl of salted ice water on the counter. Blanch the fava beans in the boiling water and plunge immediately into the salted ice water. Remove the tough outer casing from the fava bean.nCombine the fava beans in a large bowl with the onions, escarole, and the pecorino reserve a couple shavings for garnish. Add some red wine vinegar, some olive oil and salt, to taste. Toss to coat the salad with the dressing.nArrange the salad on serving plates and top with the reserved shaved cheese.nSpringtime on a plate, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 cups shelled fava beans, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 2 cups roughly chopped escarole, 34 cup shaved aged pecorino, Red wine vinegar, Good quality extravirgin olive oil], title: Fava Bean and Pecorino Salad, picturelink: 7hqpA3sgX2OieRQFaJ0KsfvhEefihV2}, 4126: {instructions: For the shrimp stock: toss the shrimp shells in a large pot and fill with water. Bring the water to a boil, turn off the heat and let sit for at least 15 to 20 minutes, although longer is fine. Strain the shells and discard.nCoat a large, wide pot with olive oil and bring to mediumhigh heat. Add the andouille and cook until the sausage starts to brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the peppers, celery, and onions to the pan season with salt and a pinch crushed red pepper. Cook until the mixture has softened and is very aromatic, 7 to 8 minutes. Toss in the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Add the tomatoes and cayenne. Stir in the rice.nAdd 4 cups of the shrimp stock, the bay leaves and the thyme bundle to the pot. Season with salt and taste it to make sure you are on the way to something delicious. Cover and cook over medium heat for 25 minutes.nStir in the shrimp and cook until they turn pink, another 5 to 7 minutes. Serve garnished with chopped scallions., ingredients: [2 pounds medium Gulf shrimp, peeled and deveined, shells reserved, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound andouille sausage, cut into rounds, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 3 ribs celery, cut into 14inch dice, 1 Spanish onion, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups longgrain rice, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 bundle fresh thyme, 5 scallions, whites and greens thinly sliced, for garnish], title: Gulf Shrimp Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 4127: {instructions: Boil the potatoes with the bay leaves until the potatoes are tender. Drain the potatoes well and discard the bay leaves. Using a potato masher, mash the potatoes by hand, then stir in chunks of butter and shredded Parmesan. Cover and set aside to let cheese melt. Stir in heavy cream, season with salt and white pepper, then beat until creamy using an electric beater. Transfer to serving dish and garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [8 to 12 medium to large potatoes, about 3 pounds peeled and cut into chunks, 3 bay leaves, 12 cup butter or one stick, cut into chunks, 2 cups 8 ounces shredded Parmesan, 12 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh chives], title: Parmesan Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: ..i8z9fQ9T.jv1tBINRXrBSAJ9VxTm2}, 4128: {instructions: In a mediumsized saucepan, over medium heat, saute the lardons of bacon until brown and crispy. Remove the bacon from the pan and drain on paper towels. Discard the bacon fat. Put the olive oil into the same pan. Wash the chopped leeks thoroughly to remove any grit, and then drain. Put them into the pan with the olive oil and saute until soft and wilted. Remove the leeks from the pan and set aside.nMelt 3 tablespoons of butter in the same pan and then sprinkle with the flour, stirring to incorporate. Cook the roux over medium heat for a few minutes. Whisk the warm milk into the roux and cook until it thickens. Fold in the grated Gruyere and grated Parmigiano and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add a pinch of cayenne and a pinch of nutmeg. Set the sauce aside.nBring a large pot of salted water to boil over medium heat for the pasta.nIn a small fry pan, melt 1 tablespoon of butter and add the panko. Stir constantly until the crumbs are lightly toasted. Set aside.nPreheat the grill to medium.nOnce the water is boiling, add the pasta and cook until al dente. Drain and gently fold the cooked pasta into the cheese sauce and keep warm. Fold in the bacon and the leeks.nMelt the remaining tablespoon of butter and brush it on the cut sides of the buns. Grill the hot dogs over the hottest part of the barbecue until they are brown, and toast the buns around the perimeter where the fire is cooler, until you have light golden grill marks. Put 1 hot dog into each bun and generously slather with the hot sauce. Top each hot dog with a generous portion of the pasta and cheese sauce. Sprinkle with the toasted panko and chopped parsley and serve.nServe and enjoy., ingredients: [4 slices slab bacon, cut into lardons, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 leeks, dark green leaves trimmed, light green part halved lengthwise, then chopped into 14inch slices, 3 tablespoons salted butter for a roux, plus 1 tablespoon for toasted panko bread crumbs, plus 1 tablespoon for brushing on rolls, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups whole milk, heated, 8 ounces Gruyere, grated, 2 ounces ParmigianoReggiano, grated, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch ground nutmeg, 14 cup panko bread crumbs, 14 pound pasta gemelli, or elbow shaped, 4 hot dog buns, top sliced, 4 hot dogs, all beef with natural casing, 2 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Piri Piri, Fresh Italian parsley leaves, finely chopped], title: Brooklyns Cheesiest Dog, picturelink: null}, 4129: {instructions: The broth: In a 4quart soup pot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently, until lightly brown, about 5 minutes. Scoop out half of the onion and set aside. Add the broth and potato, partially cover, and simmer over mediumlow heat for 20 minutes.nThe blossoms: While the broth is simmering, clean the squash blossoms: break off the stems, then the little green sepals that come out from the base of the blossoms they originally covered the buds. Use your fingers to break loose the long pistils in the center of each flower and discard. With a very sharp knife, cut the blossoms crosswise into 14inch strips, including the bulbous base.nAdd half the blossoms to the broth and simmer 3 minutes. In a food processor or in batches in a loosely covered blender or using an immersion blender, puree the mixture return to the pot.nThe chiles: Roast the chiles directly over the gas flame, on a mediumhot gas grill, or 4 inches below a very hot broiler. Turn occasionally, until blistered and blackened on all sides, 5 to 6 minutes for the flame or grill, about 10 minutes for the broiler. Cover with a kitchen towel and let stand about 5 minutes. Peel off the charred skin, cut out the seed pod, then quickly rinse to remove straggling bits of skin and seeds. Cut into 14inch dice.nFinishing the soup: Add the chiles to the soup along with the milk and reserved onion bring to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes. Add the zucchini and corn, simmer a couple of minutes, then add the remaining squash blossoms. Simmer a couple of minutes longer the strips of blossom will soften into deepgolden streamers, remove from the heat, stir in the cream, taste, and season with salt. Serve in warm bowls garnished with the chopped epazote or parsley., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons butter, 1 large white onion, chopped into 14inch dice, 3 cups good chicken broth, 1 small boiling potato like the redskin ones, peeled and roughly chopped, 25 large 3 to 4inch squash blossoms these are the male blossoms with no squash attached, 2 fresh poblano chiles, 1 cup milk, 1 medium zucchini, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 large ear of corn, husked, kernels cut from the cob, 12 cup queso fresca, creme fraiche, or sour cream loosened with some milk or cream, Salt, about 1 12 teaspoons, depending on the saltiness of the broth, A little chopped epazote or parsley, for garnish], title: Golden Squash Blossom Crema: Crema de Flores de Calabaza, picturelink: null}, 4130: {instructions: For the salad: Boil eggs for about 10 minutes until they are hardboiled. Rinse with cold water and set aside until cool enough to handle. Peel hardboiled eggs and chill.nFry bacon and drain on paper towels.nFor the vinaigrette: Through the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, the vinegar, pomegranate seeds, honey, salt and pepper. Leaving the blender running, add the olive oil in a slow, thin stream. Strain through a fine mesh strainer and set aside until needed.nFor the tempura and sandwiches: Heat oil in a deepfryer to 375 degrees F, or as directed in manufacturers instructions for similar foods.nIn a mixing bowl large enough to accommodate the stuffed sandwiches, combine flour, cornstarch, and baking powder. Add seltzer water in a stream while whisking constantly. Dip the stuffed sandwiches in the batter to coat. Add, 1 at a time, to the deepfryer basket which has been immersed in the hot oil. Fry until golden brown and drain on paper towels.nChop eggs and gently toss with spinach, crumbled bacon, and avocado with enough of the dressing to coat.nArrange salad on plates with tempura fried stuffed sandwiches., ingredients: [3 eggs, 12 pound bacon, 1 pound fresh spinach, stems removed, soaked in salt water to remove grit, and dried, 2 avocados, slipped from skin and sliced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 pomegranate, peeled and seeds removed from pith, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 34 cup olive oil, 3 to 4 liters canola oil, as needed, for deepfrying, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cornstarch, 4 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 cups seltzer water, 4 frozen, storebought, stuffed sandwiches, sliced on the bias], title: Tempura Stuffed Sandwiches and Spinach Salad with Pomegranate Dressing, picturelink: null}, 4131: {instructions: Mix together all sauce ingredients except the oil or butter. Soak beef slices in sauce for at least 1 hour. Fry in a saucepan in oil or butter for about 4 minutes per side, or until tender., ingredients: [1 to 1 12 pounds roast beef, cut into thin slices, 34 cup shoyu soya sauce, low sodium, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 to 3 tablespoons oil or butter], title: Teriyaki Beef, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 4132: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLet the ice cream sit at room temperature for a few minutes to soften. Line a loaf pan with plastic wrap so that it hangs over the edges.nUsing a serrated knife, slice the pound cake horizontally into thirds. Place the top layer of the cake in the bottom of the pan cutside up. Spread half of the ice cream on top, cover with the banana slices and sprinkle with half of the peanuts. Top with the middle layer of cake. Repeat with the remaining ice cream, followed by the strawberries and remaining peanuts. Top with the bottom layer of cake. Wrap tightly with plastic. Freeze at least 6 hours and up to overnight.nRemove the cake from the freezer 15 minutes before serving. Turn the cake out of the pan, remove the plastic wrap and use a serrated knife to cut into slices. Serve drizzled with hot fudge and topped with a dollop of whipped cream and a cherry., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 chocolate pound cake, 1 banana, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped peanuts, 12 cup thinly sliced strawberries, For serving: hot fudge, whipped cream and maraschino cherries], title: Banana Split Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: Xl.E9stoPOGATcyHp8yL6bqHqfyRSRq}, 4133: {instructions: In a large pot bring water to a full rolling boil. Meanwhile, rinse, pat dry, and mince the parsley. Peel and mince the garlic. When the water is ready, add your pasta. Remember start your cooking time when the water returns to a boil, not when you add the pasta. Cook your pasta according to package directions, drain in a colander and transfer to a serving dish To make the sauce in a skillet heat olive oil. Add garlic and cook until fragrant. Then add the parsley and remove from heat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add sauce to the past and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 pound of spaghetti or any other thin pasta, 12 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 2 cloves garlic, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, Parmesan cheeseoptional garnish], title: Spaghetti with Parsley Olive Oil Sauce, picturelink: null}, 4134: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 5inch loaf pan with nonstick spray.nAdd 1 tablespoon butter to a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, add the jalapeno and garlic and saute until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the corn kernels and saute for another minute. Season the mixture with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat to cool.nMeanwhile, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Toss in the cheese with your hands.nMelt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter.nIn a second bowl, mix together the milk, melted butter, egg, and creamed corn. Mix the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients, and then stir in the sauteed corn and jalapeno until combined. Pour into the prepared loaf pan and bake for 45 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes before turning out., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 jalapeno, ribs removed, seeded, and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup corn kernels, defrosted if frozen, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 12 cups extrasharp shredded yellow Cheddar, 34 cup whole milk, 1 large egg, beaten, 34 cups canned cream corn], title: Triple Corn Quick Bread, picturelink: 6uNfAxykGJndec81G7RBeoRq4WHetnq}, 4135: {instructions: With a knife halve vanilla beans lengthwise. Scrape seeds into a large heavy saucepan and stir in pods, cream, milk, and sugar. Bring mixture just to a boil, stirring occasionally, and remove pan from heat. In a large bowl lightly beat eggs. Add hot cream mixture to eggs in a slow stream, whisking, and pour into pan. Cook custard over moderately low heat, stirring constantly, until the custard thickly coats the back of a spoon, or until a thermometer registers 170 degrees F. Do not let boil. Pour custard through a sieve into a clean bowl. Place the bowl in a large bowl of ice water and let the custard chill, stirring occasionally. Freeze custard in an icecream maker, in 2 batches if necessary. Transfer ice cream to an airtight container and put in freezer to harden. Ice cream may be made 1 week ahead.nVariation 1: To make chocolate ice cream, put 12 pound of finely chopped bittersweet chocolate in a large bowl, and pour the hot thickened custard over the top. Let sit for 1 minute, and stir until smooth. Chill and freeze as above. Variation 2: To make strawberry ice cream, hull and slice 1 pound 1 14 pints fresh strawberries, puree in a food processor. Transfer the puree to a bowl, stir in 12 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon lemon juice, and chill. Add the puree to the chilled custard and freeze as above., ingredients: [2 vanilla beans, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 large eggs], title: Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 4136: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crostini: Lay the baguette slices on a baking sheet. Brush with the oil and then sprinkle with the salt, garlic powder and some fresh pepper. Bake for 15 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through. Remove the crostini from the oven and set aside. Turn the oven to broil.nFor the dip: In medium bowl, combine the ricotta with salt and pepper to taste. Mix until fully combined, then transfer to an 8by8inch pan, spreading the mixture evenly across the bottom. Set aside.nIn a large pan with a lid, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onions, and sweat for 3 to 5 minutes. Add the halved grape tomatoes, chicken stock and garlic and bring to a boil cover and reduce the heat to low. Cook until the tomatoes have softened and the mixture has thickened, about 15 minutes.nWhile the tomatoes are cooking, add the sausage to a saute pan over high heat. Break up sausage with a wooden spoon and cook it through. When the sausage is finished, spoon it directly over the ricotta and spread it out evenly.nWhen the tomatoes are done, spoon them over the sausage layer. Top the tomato layer with the sliced pepperoncini, marinated artichokes and roasted peppers. Place the halved ciliegine on top.nPlace the dip under the broiler and broil on high heat until the cheese has browned slightly, 2 to 3 minutes.nRemove the dip from the broiler and top with the basil. Serve immediately with the crostini., ingredients: [1 baguette, thinly sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups ricotta, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cups grape tomatoes, halved, 12 cup chicken stock, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 ounces spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, 12 cup sliced pepperoncini, drained, One 12ounce jar marinated artichoke hearts, drained and chopped, One 12ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained and chopped, One 8ounce container fresh mozzarella ciliegine, drained and cut in half, 8 leaves basil, cut into chiffonade], title: Italian SevenLayer Dip, picturelink: NttEbQY2wRYNw5cqTIWUWHXTYaHNZxm}, 4137: {instructions: Heat a large straightsided skillet over medium heat. Add the olive oil and bacon and cook 8 minutes, or until the bacon is beginning to crisp. Add the shallots, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook an additional 3 minutes, or until fragrant. Add the salt, tomato puree and heavy cream and stir to combine. Reduce the heat to low and simmer 5 minutes.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the linguine 1 minute less than the suggested cooking time, about 10 minutes.nUsing tongs, remove the pasta from the water and add directly to the pan with the sauce. Sprinkle the cheese directly on the naked pasta and then toss to coat in the sauce. Add up to 1 cup of pasta water, as needed, to loosen the sauce. Stir in the arugula, tarragon, basil, peas and lobster and simmer an additional minute, or until everything is heated through. Garnish with additional parmesan and basil, if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 slices bacon, chopped, 3 shallots, minced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups tomato puree, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 pound linguine, 14 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, plus more for garnish, 1 cup baby arugula, roughly chopped, 14 cup fresh tarragon, roughly chopped, 12 cup fresh basil, roughly chopped, plus more for garnish, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 2 1 12pound lobsters, steamed, meat removed and roughly chopped], title: Creamy Lobster Linguine, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 4138: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray a 9by13inch baking pan with canola oil spray. Sprinkle the fish with the salt and place it in the pan.nCombine the coconut milk, cilantro, ginger, garam masala, garlic and jalapeno in a blender and pulse until fairly smooth. Pour the mixture over the fish. Bake until the fish is just opaque in the center, about 15 minutes. Garnish with more cilantro and serve with the rice.nPer Serving analysis does not include brown rice: Calories: 170 Fat: 3 grams Saturated Fat: 1 gram Protein: 34 grams Carbohydrates: 1 gram Sugar: 0 grams Fiber: 0 grams Cholesterol: 85 milligrams Sodium: 210 milligrams, ingredients: [Canola oil spray, Four 6ounce pieces tilapia fillet, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 cup light reducedfat coconut milk, 12 cup cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 teaspoon peeled chopped fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon garam masala, 2 garlic cloves, 12 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 3 cups cooked brown rice, for serving], title: Baked Tilapia With CoconutCilantro Sauce, picturelink: KII1DPSS1tKw1SD3tIvsRIRaUbw8Pci}, 4139: {instructions: In a heavy skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until it is crisp, transfer to paper towels to drain, and pour 3 tablespoons of the fat into a stove top popcorn popper of deep heavy saucepan fitted with a loose lid. Add the oil and heat the mixture over moderately high heat until it begins to smoke. Add the popcorn and shake pan, covered with the lid, until the sound of popping diminishes. Pour the popcorn immediately into a large baking pan and toss it with the Cheddar, the bacon and the salt and pepper. Heat the popcorn in a preheated 250 degree oven for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the Cheddar is just melted., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup popcorn kernels, 14 pound sharp Cheddar, or to taste, grated fine], title: Cheddar Bacon Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 4140: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter a 9inch round cake pan line with a circle of parchment. Dust the bottom and sides of the pan with cocoa tap out any excess. Sift cocoa whisk with 12 cup boiling water. Set aside to cool. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter on medium speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Gradually add granulated sugar beat on high until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes, scraping down the sides twice. Add the vanilla and eggs 1 at time, beating well after each addition, scraping down the sides when necessary. Whisk together the cooled cocoa and the milk until well combined. Slowly add to the butter mixture beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the dry ingredients, and mix on low until just combined. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Transfer to oven, and bake 20 minutes. Rotate pan, and bake 15 to 20 minutes more, or until a cake tester inserted in the middle of the cake comes out clean. Transfer pan to a rack to cool. Allow cake to cool in pan for 15 minutes. Carefully run a knife around the edge of the cake to loosen it from the pan. Invert the cake onto a cooling rack. The bottom of the cake will now serve as the top of the cake. Carefully remove the parchment circle, trying to maintain as smooth a surface as possible. Allow the cake to cool completely. If the cake is not sitting flat, turn it over, and slice off the dome using a serrated knife. Using a serrated knife, slice cake in half horizontally. Place the domed layer, domeside down, on a serving platter. Spread raspberry jam on the cake to within 12inch of the edge. Return the top layer, bottomside up. Cake can be refrigerated 3 to 4 days up to this point. Just before serving, place desired stencil over cake. Sift confectioners sugar or cocoa over cake to fill in exposed areas. Remove stencil, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons 2 14 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 34 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, plus more for pan, 12 cup boiling water, 2 cups plus 1 tablespoon sifted cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 34 cup milk, 1 14 cups raspberry jam optional, for filling, Confectioners sugar or cocoa, for stenciling, Stencil, of your choice for decoration], title: Dark Cocoa Cake, picturelink: null}, 4141: {instructions: Grease a 3quart 2 to 3inchdeep gratin dish or casserole with a 1 teaspoon of butter.nIn a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the butter over medium heat. Add the onion and saute, stirring frequently, until golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Add the garlic and thyme and cook for 1 minute more. Add the meat, break it up with a wooden spoon, and cook until the meat loses its red color, about 5 minutes. Add the 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, and tomato paste and cook for 1 minute more. Add the crushed tomatoes and bay leaf and bring to a simmer. Cover and cook for 20 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and spoon off any excess fat if needed. Stir in the parsley and add salt and pepper to taste.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat and saute the mushrooms until golden, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the meat mixture over the bottom of the casserole, top with the mushrooms, and then the carrots and turnips. Beat the egg into the potatoes and spread them completely over the vegetables to finish the pie. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes, until heated through.nIf desired, sprinkle on the cheese on top and broil the pie under a preheated broiler. Serve immediately.nPut the vegetables in a skillet just large enough to hold them in a single layer. Add enough water so that it comes halfway up their sides along with the butter and sugar. Bring to a boil over high heat, then adjust the heat to maintain a simmer. Cover the vegetables with a round of parchment paper just large enough to fit the inside diameter of the pan, or with a lid set ajar. Simmer the vegetables until tender, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the cover and raise the heat to high. Toss the vegetables frequently in the pan, as the liquid evaporates to a shiny smooth glaze. Season with salt and pepper to taste and serve.nYield: 4 to 6 servingsnIn a large saucepan, combine the potatoes, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat to maintain a simmer and cook until fork tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return to the pan. Shake the pan over medium heat for about a minute to dry the potatoes. Transfer the potatoes to a food mill, ricer, or bowl.nPut the milk and butter in the saucepan, and heat over mediumhigh heat until the milk is hot and the butter melts. Remove pan from the heat. Mash the potatoes through the food mill, ricer, or by hand into the pan. Stir to combine with the milk and butter. Season with salt and pepper to taste and nutmeg if desired. Serve immediately.nYield: 4 to 6 servingsnCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 teaspoon plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups diced onion, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 pounds ground lamb, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more as needed, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup canned crushed tomatoes, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 pound button or cremini mushrooms, trimmed and quartered, 3 cups glazed carrots and turnips, recipe follows, 1 large egg, 4 cups mashed potatoes, recipe follows, 14 cup grated farmhouse cheddar optional, 34 pound turnips, cut into 1inch pieces, 34 pound carrots, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds russet potatoes about 4 medium, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more, 34 cup whole milk, 14 cup unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg optional], title: Shepherds Pie, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 4142: {instructions: In a medium straightsided saute pan, add sugar and wine. Bring to a simmer and cook until it creates a lazy bubble, 235 to 240 degrees F. Add cranberries and stir, bringing temperature to low. Continue to cook cranberries, stirring frequently, 2 to 3 minutes. Add allspice, cinnamon, star anise, bay leaf, entire orange, orange juice, zest and salt. Cook until cranberries begin to burst and thicken, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep for 10 minutes to cool slightly. Remove aromatics, orange and zest from cranberries and either puree in a highspeed blender for smooth cranberry compote, or leave as is for textured compote. Cool and reserve., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 bottle sweet Riesling wine, 2 pounds fresh cranberries, washed, 4 allspice berries, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 star anise, 1 large or 2 small fresh bay leaf, 1 orange, juiced and zested in strips, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt], title: CranberryOrange Compote, picturelink: null}, 4143: {instructions: Heat oil in a large stock pot over medium heat. Add shallots and garlic and cook 1 minute. Add mushrooms and saute 5 minutes, until tender and releasing juice. Add thyme and cook 1 minute, until fragrant. Using a slotted spoon, remove 1 cup of sauteed mushrooms and reserve for Wild Mushroom Turnovers with Romano Cheese.nTo the mushrooms in the pot, add rice and broth and asparagus and bring to a simmer. Simmer 5 minutes, Stir in Parmesan and chopped parsley. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Ladle risotto into bowls and serve hot.nServing suggestions: Toss cherry tomatoes with bottled Caesar dressing and serve alongside risotto., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced or 2 teaspoons preminced garlic, 8 cups sliced wild mushrooms any combination of shiitake, cremini, oyster, etc., 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 cups cooked Arborio rice, 1 cup reducedsodium beef broth, 2 cups chopped fresh or frozen asparagus spears 1inch pieces, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and ground black pepper], title: AsparagusWild Mushroom Risotto with Parmesan, picturelink: OgOQtlHyJ.iqQz65B4StXAKLixdrhlC}, 4144: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a 9inch cast iron skillet.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, and salt.nIn a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or with a handheld electric mixer and a large bowl, combine the butter and sugar and mix until light and airy. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing well between each addition.nAdd the cornmeal mixture to the butter mixture in 3 parts, alternating with the milk in 2 parts, until just combined into a thick batter. Using a rubber spatula, scrape the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake until lightly browned and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [2 cups stoneground yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for preparing the pan, 14 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 cups milk], title: Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 4145: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F and line a baking sheet with foil. Prick potatoes with a fork and bake in middle of oven 1 to 1 12 hours, or until very soft. Cool potatoes until they can be handled and scoop flesh into a bowl. With an electric mixer beat potatoes with chili paste, butter, sugar, and salt and pepper, to taste, just until smooth and spread in a buttered 2quart shallow baking dish. Potatoes may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring potatoes to room temperature before proceeding.nReduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake potatoes in middle of oven until hot, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [5 pounds sweet potatoes about 8 large,scrubbed, 1 12 to 2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, minced and mashed to a paste about 1 tablespoon, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened, 1 teaspoon maple sugar, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Sugar and Spice Chipotle Whipped Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 4146: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker with ice combine and shake sugar, vodka, Triple Sec, guava and lime juices, and strawberry puree. Strain into a martini glass and garnish with the strawberry., ingredients: [1 level bar spoon sugar, 1 12 ounces vodka, 12ounce Triple Sec, 12ounce guava juice, 12ounce lime juice, 1ounce strawberry puree, 1 large strawberry], title: Nina Fresa, picturelink: null}, 4147: {instructions: Bring 1 large and 1 medium pot of salted water to a boil.nCook pappardelle in large pot of boiling water until al dente, according to package directions.nWhile pasta is cooking cook corn in medium pot for 2 minutes. Remove and refresh under cold running water. With a sharp knife, remove kernels from cob and transfer to a large heatproof bowl. Add tomatoes, pepper, olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and cilantro. Toss to combine.nIf desired, rest bowl with corn mixture over cooking pasta for 1 to 2 minutes to warm ingredients. When pasta is done, drain in a colander. Transfer to bowl with corn mixture. Toss to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 teaspoon coarse salt, plus more for cooking pasta, 8 ounces dried imported pappardelle, 2 ears corn, husked, 4 small or 2 large juicy, vineripened tomatoes, room temperature, cored and cut into 6 to 8 wedges, 14 to 12 Scotch bonnet or habanero pepper, seeded and very finely chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 to 13 cup chopped cilantro], title: New World Pappardelle, picturelink: null}, 4148: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the cornbread and French bread into 1inch cubes, place on a baking sheet and leave out until completely dried out, several hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd the bacon to a skillet and saute over medium heat until cooked and almost crisp, about 7 minutes. Remove to a plate and wipe out any grease. Melt the butter in the skillet, throw in the celery, red peppers and onions and cook, stirring, until very soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the jalapenos and garlic and continue to saute for 2 minutes. Pour in the chicken broth, add the parsley, rosemary and some salt and pepper and stir. Cook for a couple of minutes, then turn off the heat.nAdd the bread and bacon to a large bowl and spoon in some of the broth mixture. Keep adding the broth, tossing as you go, until it is all mixed in. Add more salt and pepper if needed and toss it around, then check the seasoning. If you like your dressing extra moist, add a little more broth.nPile the dressing into a 3quart 9by13inch casserole pan and bake, uncovered, until golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve piping hot.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nAdd the cornmeal to a large bowl along with the flour, baking powder, salt, basil, sage and thyme and stir together.nMeasure the buttermilk in a measuring cup, add the whole milk and egg and stir together with a fork. Add the baking soda and stir. Pour the milk mixture into the dry ingredients and stir with a fork until just combined. Do not overmix.nIn a small microwavesafe bowl, melt 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons shortening in the microwave and slowly add to the batter, stirring constantly until combined.nIn a 10inch castiron skillet over high heat, melt the remaining tablespoon of butter and shortening. Pour the batter into the hot skillet, spread to even out the surface and cook over high heat for 1 minute. Then get it into the oven straightaway and bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. The edges should be crispy., ingredients: [2 batches Herbed Cornbread, recipe follows, 1 loaf French bread, 6 slices bacon, chopped, 1 stick butter, 5 stalks celery, diced, 2 red bell peppers, diced, 1 large onion, diced, 2 jalapenos, seeded and finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, plus more if needed, 12 bunch fresh parsley, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup whole milk, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 3 tablespoons salted butter, 3 tablespoons shortening], title: Southern Dressing, picturelink: PEexv3iDbS33sUuKzh35qnJNYnB0S}, 4149: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason sea bass fillets with salt and pepper. In a saute pan, over high heat, add the olive oil and sear fish fillets skin side down first, for 3 minutes or until golden brown. Turn fish over and cook another 4 minutes or until cooked through.nMeanwhile, prepare the croutons. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter. Toss with bread cubes and transfer to a baking sheet. Bake in oven for 4 minutes or until crisp and golden in color. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside.nIn another saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of butter. Over high heat, saute the baby vegetables until glazed. Divide into 2 and mound in center of plate. Keep warm.nAdd the remaining 2 ounces of butter to the fillets and baste them with the butter. Place a fillet and the red peppers on top of the vegetables. Sprinkle half of the croutons on top and around each fillet. To butter, add shallots and continue to cook until butter turns brown. Deglaze with lemon juice, and add the lemon pieces, parsley, chives, tarragon, capers, and caper berries. When heated, pour half over and around each fillet. Serve immediately.nNote: if sea bass is not available, any firm white fish can be substituted., ingredients: [2 6ounce sea bass fillets, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 ounce olive oil, 6 ounces butter, 12 cup bread white, brioche or baguette, crust trimmed, cut into 12inch cubes, 8 ounces assorted baby vegetables baby carrots, baby turnips, asparagus tips, yellow zucchini, blanched in salted boiling water, 14 cup brunoise red bell peppers, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 14 cup chopped lemon sections and juice, 2 tablespoons minced parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons minced chives, 1 teaspoon minced tarragon leaves, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon caper berries, halved lengthwise], title: Sea Bass with Lemon and Caper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 4150: {instructions: Preheat the oven to broil.nThickly slice the eggplant, and lay the rounds on cake racks which youve placed in the sink. Salt, very generously, and leave 30 minutes for the excess water to drain off. When they are ready, rinse them well under the tap and pat them dry with a towel.nWhile the eggplant drains, put the red and yellow peppers in the oven and broil to blacken the skin on all sides, 20 minutes total. Remove to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let sit 5 minutes. The skin will now peel off easily. Peel and seed, then slice the flesh to julienne and put it in a large bowl.nTurn the oven down to 450 degrees F.nPut some oil on a baking sheet and toss the zucchini slices in it. Grill in the oven, turning once, about 10 minutes. Remove, and add to the peppers. Finally, cut the rinsed and dried eggplant into large chunks, toss in oil, and spread on the baking sheet, and grill also, about 15 minutes. As things are done, add them to the bowl.nWhile the vegetables are in the oven, heat a spoonful of olive oil in a saute pan, and fry the onions until soft. Add the garlic, pepperoncini, bay leaf, and rosemary, and saute 1 minute. Add the tomatoes. Cook the tomatoes until they are very soft and the whole mixture thickly soupy, about 15 minutes.nPour the tomato over the vegetables, and toss everything. Check the seasonings. Serve at room temperature with the basil scattered over., ingredients: [2 large eggplants, Kosher salt, 2 red peppers, 2 yellow peppers, About 12 cup olive oil, for cooking, 4 small zucchini, cut into thick rounds, 2 onions, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 pepperoncini, crushed, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 8 medium tomatoes, seeded and roughly chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, Handful or 2 chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Lazy Ratatouille, picturelink: null}, 4151: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Coat 13x9inch baking pan with nostick spray.nPREPARE quick bread mix according to package directions using water, oil and egg. Pour into prepared pan. Bake 18 to 20 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely.nCUT quick bread into 1inch cubes. Whisk milk and pudding mix in medium bowl for 2 minutes. Stir caramel topping with cinnamon in small bowl.nLAYER 13 of cubes in a 2 12quart trifle dish or large glass serving bowl. Top with 13 of pudding, 1 cup whipped topping, 2 tablespoons caramel topping and 2 tablespoons pecans. Repeat twice to make 3 layers.nSPREAD remaining whipped topping over top. Drizzle remaining caramel topping over top of trifle and sprinkle with pecans. Chill 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 14 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Pumpkin Quick Bread  Muffin Mix, 1 cup water, 3 tbsps. Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 1 large egg, 3 cups milk, 2 3.4 oz. pkgs. instant cheesecake pudding and pie filling, 1 8 oz. container frozen extra creamy whipped topping, thawed, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Caramel Flavored Topping, 12 tsp. ground cinnamon, 6 tbsps. chopped pecans], title: Pumpkin Caramel Trifle, picturelink: HWON1OV1IBkMQkV2vl5mLBzsweR0D7q}, 4152: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nStir together the flour, powdered milk, baking powder, sugar, cream of tartar and salt in a medium bowl. Using a pastry cutter, cut the chilled butter bits and shortening into the dry mixture until blended thoroughly. Fold in the buttermilk until the dough comes together.nOn a lightly floured surface, turn out the dough and use your hands to press it into a circle measuring 1 to 1 12 inches thick. Cut out circles with a biscuit cutter or a glass. Place the biscuits in castiron skillets, then brush the tops with the melted butter. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup powdered milk, 5 teaspoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons cream of tartar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons cold butter, cut into bits, plus 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 12 cup shortening, 1 12 cups buttermilk], title: Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 4153: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Line baking sheet with aluminum foil.nOn baking sheet, drizzle oil over trimmed asparagus. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss together to evenly distribute oil and seasoning. Roast in oven for 8 to 10 minutes depending on the size of the asparagus. While asparagus is roasting, prepare mayonnaise.nProcess 2 tablespoons of cashews in a blender until finely ground. In a small bowl, stir to combine ground cashews, mayonnaise, curry powder, lemon juice, and salt. Set aside.nTo serve, divide asparagus among 4 plates and top with a dollop of mayonnaise mixture. Garnish with a few chopped cashews., ingredients: [2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound asparagus spears, trimmed, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons cashews recommended: Planters plus roughly chopped cashews, for garnish, 12 cup light mayonnaise recommended: Best Foods, 1 teaspoon curry powder recommended: McCormicks, 12 teaspoon lemon juice recommended: ReaLemon, Pinch salt], title: Roasted Asparagus with CashewCurry Mayonnaise, picturelink: UoQ9GLIkntcmLMaC9IRM7yI7VhC1msK}, 4154: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGrease a 13by9by2inch glass baking dish with butter. Set aside.nFor the crepe batter: Place all ingredients in a blender and process until smooth. Let the batter stand for 30 minutes to allow any bubbles to settle.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the sauce: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the poblano chiles and cook for 1 minute to blend flavors. Add the heavy cream and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until reduced and the cream coats back of spoon, about 6 minutes. Cool mixture slightly then transfer to blender and process until smooth. Season the poblano sauce with salt and pepper, to taste. Return the sauce to the same skillet and keep warm over low heat until ready to serve.nHeat a 10inchdiameter nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brush the pan with oil or spray with nonstick cooking spray. Add scant 14 cupful batter to the skillet tilt to coat the bottom of the pan with an even layer of batter. Cook for about 30 to 45 seconds until golden on the bottom, adjusting the heat, as necessary, to prevent burning, Using a spatula, turn the crepe over and cook for 30 seconds. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with the remaining batter.nStuff each crepe with 14 cup of grated cheese and transfer to the prepared backing dish, fitting them snugly into dish. Cove the pan with foil and bake until cheese melts, about 15 minutes.nTo serve: Arrange the crepes on a platter and pout the sauce on top. Garnish with corn kernels, Mexican crema and chopped cilantro., ingredients: [Butter for greasing the baking dish, 34 cup whole milk, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 12 cup all purpose flour, 3 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, slightly cooled, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, 34 cup chopped onion, 2 poblano chiles, charred, peeled, diced, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 12 cups finely grated mozzarella cheese, 1 cup fresh corn kernels from 1 ear of corn, 12 cup Mexican crema or sour cream, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Corn and CheeseStuffed Crepes with Poblano Cream, picturelink: r4O8TGeV93iyTBdNC2NcIP7YLvE6S}, 4155: {instructions: Combine the corn kernels, arugula, and oregano in a bowl. Add the Whole Citrus Vinaigrette, toss, and season with salt and pepper. With a vegetable peeler, shave the cheese onto the salad. Toss lightly.nIn a blender, place the lemons and orange cubes. Blend for 1 to 2 minutes, and then add the shallot. Pulse and then blend until as smooth as possible. Strain through a sieve, using a spoon to push through. Discard the pulp. Season the strained juice with salt and pepper. Whisk the strained juice while adding olive oil in a thin, steady stream. The vinaigrette will be thick like a mayonnaise.nTaste for seasoning. Cover and refrigerate for up to 3 days. If the vinaigrette separates, return it to the blender and blend until smooth again., ingredients: [2 cups absolutely fresh corn kernels from about 3 ears, 3 cups packed arugula, trimmed, 1 12 teaspoons coarsely chopped fresh oregano leaves, About 12 cup Whole Citrus Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 ounce wedge pecorino cheese, 2 lemons, cut into wedges, seeded, 12 navel orange or 1 small seedless orange, cubed, 1 shallot, quartered, 1 teaspoon gray salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups pure olive oil], title: Raw Corn, Arugula, and Pecorino Salad, picturelink: null}, 4156: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nCook the pasta in boiling salted water, following the timetable on the package, approximately 8 to 10 minutes. Drain into a colander, and rinse with cold water. Drain completely.nGrease the bottom of a casserole dish with the olive oil. Combine all of the remaining ingredients in a bowl and place them in the greased dish.nCover with foil and bake at 400 degrees or until thoroughly heated, about 20 to 30 minutes. Stir and serve., ingredients: [1 pound orzo pasta, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup chicken stock, 3 tablespoons prepared pesto, 2 lemons, zested, zest chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Lemon Zested Orzo Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 4157: {instructions: For the pizza dough: Add the water to a bowl. Then add the yeast a little at a time and break up the cube of yeast with your hands. Cooks Note: You can also use yeast in the powder form. Let the yeast fully dissolve in the warm water and let stand for 2 minutes.nAdd the flour on a smooth work surface and create a well in the center of the flour. Slowly add the yeastwater mixture, olive oil, and salt until the flour has absorbed the liquid. Knead the dough until the mixture becomes an even dough consistency. If necessary, add a little more flour to absorb any excess liquid.nDivide the dough into 4 equal portions to make individualsize pizzas, if desired. Place on a lightlyfloured surface or pan and cover with a cloth. Let rest for about an hour at room temperature or until the dough has doubled in size.nFor the potato pizza: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. On a lightly floured work table, roll out the pizza dough to the desired thickness. Lay the potato and onion slices on the dough and add the rosemary. Drizzle with olive oil and then add salt. Bake for approximately 15 minutes.nFor the onion and chile pizza: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. On a lightly floured work table, roll out the pizza dough to the desired thickness. Lay the onion slices and chile pepper slices on the dough. Drizzle with olive oil and then add salt and pepper. Bake for approximately 15 minutes.nFor the sausage and scamorza pizza: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. On a lightly floured work table, roll out the pizza dough to the desired thickness. Break up bits of sausage and place on the dough. Then add the scamorza cheese. Bake for approximately 15 minutes.nFor the tomato pizza: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. On a lightly floured work table, roll out the pizza dough to the desired thickness. With your hands, squish the tomatoes onto the dough. Drizzle with olive oil and add salt. Then add the Parmigiano cheese. Bake for approximately 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups500 ml lukewarm water, 1 cube or 2 tablespoons30 ml fresh yeast, 4 cups1 L allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons30 ml extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon5 ml salt, 1 recipe Pizza Dough, 1 potato, thinly sliced, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt, 1 recipe Pizza Dough, 1 white onion, thinly sliced, 1 chile pepper, sliced, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 recipe Pizza Dough, Extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces0.2 kg pork sausage, about 1, 2 ounces75 g smoked scamorza cheese, coarsely chopped, 1 recipe Pizza Dough, 5 to 7 cherry tomatoes, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt, Freshly grated Parmigiano cheese, for sprinkling], title: Pizza with Variations: Potato, Onion and Chile, Sausage and Scamorza, Tomato, picturelink: null}, 4158: {instructions: Use your favorite crust recipe, or buy a prepackaged one at the refrigerated section of your grocery store. Lay the dough flat and cut with a round cookie cutter. Place the dough in cup cake pan that has been buttered. Prebake individual shells until they just begin to turn brown Mix all ingredients well. Pour into tart shell. Bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes. Top with crushed walnuts, raisins and whipped cream, ingredients: [2 cups mashed sweet potatoes, 2 slightly beaten eggs, 1 12 cup rich cream, 14 to 12 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon each of ginger and nutmeg, 18 teaspoon clove optional], title: Sweet Potato Tarts, picturelink: null}, 4159: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine sugar and egg yolks together. Beat the mixture until it is a thick yellow paste and set it aside.nBring the halfandhalf and milk to a simmer in a heavy, mediumsize saucepan. Slowly beat the hot halfandhalf and milk mixture into the egg and sugar mixture. This mixture should be hot, but not boiling. If it gets too hot or you add the egg and sugar too fast you will have scrambled eggs. Return the mixture to the saucepan and simmer for a few minutes as you constantly stir to make a custardlike consistency. Strain the mixture into a large bowl to chill overnight in a refrigerator.nThe next day, stir in heavy cream and vanilla before adding it to your ice cream machine. Follow the ice cream machines directions to freeze ice cream.nIce cream is actually best right from the ice cream maker, when it is about 10 to 15 degrees F. If you can serve the ice cream right after it is made, it will have a soft and creamy texture like no other. You can adjust the above recipe by adding fruits, or even sweetened chocolate, to taste. When adding fruits to ice cream, blend them slightly with a food processor and sprinkle with sugar to enhance flavor. Let the fruit rest overnight with the original egg and cream mixture. Add the fruit in place of the vanilla., ingredients: [1 cup fine sugar, sifted, 4 egg yolks, pasteurized if you have them preferred for food safety, 34 cup halfandhalf, 34 cup whole milk, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla], title: Moolicious Recipe Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 4160: {instructions: Heat the 1 tablespoon of the butter in a skillet set over medium heat. Cook the diced vegetables until softened but not browned, and then deglaze the pan with the vermouth and white wine. Add the fish stock, cream, double cream, bay leaf, clove, and peppercorns. Cook until it thickens and then pass through a sieve. Return the sauce to the pan and simmer to reduce to the desired consistency.nBefore serving the sauce, stir in the 1 tablespoon of cold butter and finish with the chives.nBring the court bouillon to a simmer in a saucepan over low heat. Put the char fillets in a saute pan, and drain the court bouillon on top of the fish. Slowly let the fish poach without denaturing the fish protein.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook the shallots until softened but not browned. Add the barley and deglaze the pan with the wine. Slowly add the chicken stock, a little at a time, stirring frequently. To finish, stir in the 4 tablespoons of cubed butter.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil. Blanch the vegetables briefly and then shock in a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. To serve, heat the vegetables in a saucepan with a little chicken stock.nPut a spoonful of the barley risotto in the middle of a deep dish. Place the poached char on top and cover with a generous amount of the chive sauce. Decorate with the winter root vegetable julienne., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, plus 1 tablespoon cold butter, cut into cubes, 2 ounces diced vegetables, such as fennel, leek, celery, shallots, 1 ounce vermouth recommended: Noilly Prat, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 14 cups fish stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 ounces double cream, 1 bay leaf, 1 clove, 2 white peppercorns, crushed, 2 ounces fresh chives, snipped, 4 2 12 ounce char fillets, 8 cups court bouillon, 1 tablespoon butter, plus 4 tablespoons, cut into cubes, 2 tablespoons shallot brunoise 18inch cubes, 3 ounces pearl barley, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 14 cup chicken stock, warmed, 6 ounces root vegetables, such as carrot, celeriac, leeks, and kohlrabi, julienned, Chicken stock], title: Poached River Char with Pearl Barley, Winter Root Vegetables, Napa RieslingChive Veloute, picturelink: null}, 4161: {instructions: In a deep saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add enough oil to completely coat the bottom of the pan. When the oil is hot, add the onion and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the ground turkey and season with cumin, salt, and pepper. Cook until the turkey browns and is cooked through. Remove the turkey mixture from the pan and wipe out the pan. Divide the turkey mixture among the tortillas and fold in half. Add more oil to the pan, and then brown both sides of the filled tortilla, in batches. Once the tacos are cooked place the cheese in the tacos, followed by the shredded romaine lettuce, and diced tomatoes. Top each tortilla with a dollop of sour cream and guacamole, if desired., ingredients: [Canola oil, for sauteing, 1 yellow onion, diced, 1 1pound package ground turkey meat, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 corn tortillas, 1 8ounce package shredded cheddar cheese, 1 head romaine lettuce, shredded, 2 Roma tomatoes, diced, Sour cream, optional, Guacamole, optional], title: Corn Tortilla Tacos with Ground Turkey, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 4162: {instructions: For the guacamole: In a medium bowl, mash together the avocado, lemon juice and salt with the back of a fork. Set aside.nFor the sandwiches: Split the potato buns. Place a slice of smoked mozzarella on the bottom of each bun. Divide the avocado spread among the bun tops.nPreheat a grill pan over high heat. Meanwhile, place a piece of plastic wrap over the beef fillets and pound them to about 16inch thick. Sprinkle the fillets evenly with the cumin and salt, then drizzle with the oil. Place the fillets on the hot grill pan and cook until deep brown grill marks form, about 2 minutes. Flip and continue to cook for an additional minute, until just cooked through.nTransfer the hot fillets to the buns. Top with a few leaves of arugula and cover with the bun tops., ingredients: [1 avocado, diced, 1 tablespoon lemon juice 12 lemon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 potato buns, such as Martins, Four 14inch slices smoked mozzarella about 8 ounces, Four 2ounce beef fillets, 34 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup baby arugula], title: Steak and Guacamole Buns, picturelink: null}, 4163: {instructions: Prepare the caramel and coat a 9inch round cake pan, reserving the extra sauce in the refrigerator as directed above. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place a heatproof mixing bowl over simmering water or on top a double boiler. Add condensed milk, chocolate and heavy cream. Stir occasionally until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Remove from heat. In a large mixing bowl combine the remaining ingredients. Beat until well blended. Pour in the melted chocolate mixture. Stir to combine. Pass through a fine strainer into the caramelcoated cake pan. Place pan in a water bath and bake for 1 hour, until the center just feels firm when pressed. Remove from the hot tap water and let cool to room temperature. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Serve with reserved caramel sauce., ingredients: [1 recipe caramel, 1 34 cups Homemade Condensed Milk, 2 ounces good quality semisweet chocolate, chopped, 14 cup heavy cream, 6 large eggs, 7 large egg yolks, 2 cups halfandhalf, 34 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup brewed espresso, 14 cup Kahlua or other coffee liqueur], title: Chocolate Espresso Flan, picturelink: null}, 4164: {instructions: Season tuna on both sides with salt. Dust 1 side of the tuna with the peppers. Heat oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Sear the tuna, pepper side down, until golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes, turn over and continue cooking for 2 minutes for mediumrare doneness.nTo plate, divide the melted leeks onto 4 serving plates. Arrange each tuna steak on top of the melted leeks. Place a tablespoon of the TangerineGreen Onion Relish on top of the tuna, and drizzle the entire dish with the RedWine Pomegranate Reduction.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste.nPlace leeks, onion, carrot, celery, and water to cover in a large pot and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer and cook until cooked through, about 20 to 25 minutes. Drain well and thinly slice.nHeat oil and butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add leaks, season with salt and pepper and cook for 10 to 15 minutes.nPlace wine and port in a small saucepan and reduce to 1 cup. Whisk in pomegranate molasses and sugar and taste for sweetness. Whisk in cold butter just before serving and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [4 7ounce tuna steaks, Salt, 14 cup ground Aleppo peppers, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Melted Leeks, recipe follows, TangerineGreen Onion Relish, recipe follows, Red WinePomegranate Reduction, recipe follows, 3 tangerines, peeled and segmented, 2 green onions, grilled and thinly sliced, 14 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup toasted sliced almonds, broken, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 leeks, split 34 of the way, washed well, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, Salt and freshly, 1 large carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 stalk celery, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butterground pepper, to taste, 2 cups red wine, 1 cup port 3 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon cold butter, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste], title: Tuna Crusted with Aleppo Peppers with TangerineGreen Onion Relish, Melted Leeks and Red WinePomegranate Reduction, picturelink: null}, 4165: {instructions: Peel potatoes, and cut into 12inchthick slices. Place in a medium stockpot, and cover with cold water. Add 2 tablespoons salt. Place over high heat, and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, and cook until tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, about 20 minutes. Drain.nWhile potatoes are cooking, place milk in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat just until it comes to a simmer. Reduce heat to low, and keep warm. Place a heatproof bowl over a pan of simmering water. Press hot, drained potatoes through a ricer into bowl. Stir potatoes with a wooden spoon until smooth, about 1 minute.nStir in butter until completely melted and well incorporated. Slowly pour in hot milk, stirring continuously. Add pepper, nutmeg, and salt stir to combine. Taste, and adjust for seasoning. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 pounds russet, Yukon gold, or long white potatoes, 1 12 cups milk or cream, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, plus more to taste], title: Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 4166: {instructions: For the catfish: To marinate the catfish, place the fillets and buttermilk in a flat bottomed container. Allow to marinate in the fridge for a minimum 30 minutes, maximum 1 day.nPreheat a fryer to 350 degrees F with vegetable oil. Before frying, remove the catfish from the marinade and allow any excess buttermilk to drip off. Season the cornmeal with salt and pepper. Coat a fillet with flour, then egg wash, then seasoned cornmeal and repeat the process with the remaining fillets before frying. Fry until the catfish reaches 145 degrees F, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the fryer and allow to drain any excess oil on a plate with paper towels.nFor the sauce: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the butter and melt. Next, add the onions, peppers and celery and sweat until translucent. Then stir in the flour, seafood seasoning and garlic to thicken the butter. This will take 1 to 2 minutes.nNext, add the cream and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cook until the cream sets. Finally, add the crawfish and whisk to blend, cooking for final 2 minutes.nTo serve, place 12 cup grits or polenta on the plate, then a quarter of the prepared crawfish sauce and top with a crisp cooked fish. Finish with green onions or chives., ingredients: [4 catfish fillets, 2 cups buttermilk, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 to 2 cups cornmeal, Salt and ground pepper, 1 to 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, beaten for egg wash, 14 pound 1 stick butter, 12 cup minced red onion, 12 cup minced bell pepper, 2 ribs celery, minced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 pound Louisiana crawfish tails, 2 cups cooked grits or polenta, for serving, Chopped green onions or chives, for garnish], title: Catfish Dinner, picturelink: null}, 4167: {instructions: Place the lamb on a rimmed baking sheet lined with foil. Make the marinade: Combine 2 tablespoons mustard, the white wine, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and the thyme in a bowl. Pour over the lamb, then cover the lamb with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator to marinate for a few hours or overnight, turning the lamb from time to time.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Remove the lamb from the marinade and place fattyside up in a roasting pan fitted with a rack reserve the marinade. Season on all sides with salt and pepper and rub with the olive oil. The bone should be elevated off the bottom of the pan this will allow for more even roasting.nPlace the roasting pan in the center of the oven and roast 25 to 30 minutes. Reducethe oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue roasting until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 140 degrees F, 50 minutes to 1 hour 20 minutes more. I usually count between 12 to 14 minutes total roasting time per pound of meat, including the weight of the bone. Remove from the oven and let the roast rest fatside down on a cutting board to help redistribute the juices, about 30 minutes. Save the pan drippings.nMeanwhile, make the gravy: Scrape the browned bits from the bottom of the roasting pan transfer the drippings to a small saucepan. Add the reserved marinade, the sherry and the remaining 1 tablespoon mustard and bring to a boil cook over mediumlow heat, whisking, until thick, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a gravy boat. Slice the lamb against the grain and serve with the gravy.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 6to8pound bonein leg of lamb, 3 tablespoons dijon mustard, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed, Sea or kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 small bunch thyme, leaves stripped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons dry sherry], title: Roasted Leg of Lamb, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 4168: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of a food processor, pulse flour, 2 tablespoons of sugar, 34 cup of pine nuts, and salt until finely ground. Add the butter. Pulse dough just until it comes together.nPlace the dough into an 11inch diameter tart pan with a removable bottom and press down to cover the bottom and sides of the pan. Refrigerate until the dough is firm, about 30 minutes.nLine the tart shell with aluminum foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake the tart shell in the lower third of the oven until just set, about 25 minutes. Carefully remove the foil and pie weights. Bake until the tart shell is lightly golden, about 10 minutes. Cool completely.nCombine the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar with the water in a small saucepan over low heat. You dont want to boil the water, you just want to heat it so that the sugar can dissolve thoroughly. Stir until the sugar dissolves and remove from heat.nIn the bowl of a food processor, pulse the ricotta cheese and cream cheese until smooth. Add the eggs and egg yolks, 1 at a time, and process until smooth. With the machine running, add the sugar syrup in a thin steady stream and process until smooth.nPour the custard into the tart shell and bake until the filling is almost set, about 20 to 25 minutes. Scatter the remaining 34 cup of toasted pine nuts atop the filling. Bake until the custard is set, about 10 minutes longer. Let the tart cool completely before serving.nThe tart can be wrapped in plastic and refrigerated for up to 3 days. Return the tart to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 cups pine nuts about 5 ounces, toasted, Pinch salt, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 12 cup water, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 3 large egg yolks], title: Creamy Ricotta Tart with Pine Nuts, picturelink: G4f5YsCo8lwD7Pmlub10Z4Gd0ogHCMK}, 4169: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix the yeast with the water. Let sit for 10 minutes or until dissolved. In a microwave safe measuring cup, add milk and heat for 2 minutes until boiling in microwave. In a large bowl, add the white chocolate chips and milk. Stir until melted. Using a mixer with a bread hook or you may mix by hand, add the butter, sugar, salt, vanilla, and pumpkin. Stir well. Check the temperature of the liquid, if it is more than 110 degrees F, let set and cool down until it reaches between 105 and 110 degrees F. Stir in the yeast and water mixture. Add in the egg and 3 34 cups flour, 1 cup at a time. On a clean countertop, add a little of the additional flour and knead the dough for 3 minutes. Continue to knead and add in the pecans as you knead the dough. Continue to knead until smooth and elastic. Dough will be slightly sticky. Let rise in a warm spot for 1 12 to 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a tablespoon, scoop out the dough and shape into little round balls. Put on a greased or parchment lined baking sheet. Let rise for at least 1 hour but no more than 1 12 hours. Bake for 10 minutes or until lightly brown on the bottom. Take out of the oven and let cool.nTo make the Filling: In a small bowl mix together the pudding, pumpkin, and cinnamon. Fill a pastry bag with a star shaped tip and add the pudding mix. Using a sharp knife, cut a small 3 sidedhinged square on the bottom of each bun. Insert the pastry bag and squirt in just enough filling to add a surprise when bitten. Close the hinge.nTo make the Glaze: In a small bowl add all the glaze ingredients with just enough milk to make a thin paste. Mix with a spoon. Put into the microwave for 10 seconds to make it more of a glaze consistency. Drizzle some of the glaze back and forth on top of the bitty buns., ingredients: [1 envelope yeast, 14 cup warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 12 cup hot milk, 2 percent milkfat, 34 cup white chocolate chips recommended: Nestle brand, 14 cup butter, melted, 13 cup brown sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 cup canned solid packed pumpkin recommended: Libbys, 1 egg, 4 cups flour, 23 cup pecans, coarsely chopped, 3 vanilla pudding cups, prepackaged recommended: Hunts or Kraft, 1 tablespoon solid packed pumpkin recommended: Libbys, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon butter, melted, 18 teaspoon maple flavoring, 1 12 cups powdered sugar, Milk], title: Pumpkin Packed Bitty Bites, picturelink: null}, 4170: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 3inch ring moldsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat about a tablespoon of fat in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are tender, about 10 minutes. Set the mushrooms aside to cool.nCombine the thyme and rosemary and rub the mixture over the boned skinless side of the chicken. Season the skin side with salt and pepper. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons fat in a large ovenproof skillet, over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches if necessary, brown the chicken, skinside down until the skin is crisp, 7 to 10 minutes.nLay a slice of foie gras if using over the thigh of each chicken. Fold the breasts over the thighs so that the breasts sit on the thigh and leg meat and the skin is on the outside. Fit a metal ring over each chickenhalf to hold the meat in a compact shape.nTransfer the skillet to the oven and roast, basting the chicken several times with pan juices. Cook until the thighs reach and internal temperature of at least 140 degrees F. and the juices run clear, about 20 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a plate and set aside to rest for 10 minutes in a warm place.nPour off all but about 2 tablespoons the fat from the skillet. Add the mushrooms, truffle oil, and cream and heat over mediumhigh heat, scraping any browned bits from the pans bottom. Simmer until the cream reduces enough to coat the back of a wooden spoon, then season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nRemove the molds from the chicken and arrange on warm plates. Spoon the sauce around the chicken and serve with French green beans, carrots, and ratatouille if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons duck fat or olive oil, 3 cremini mushrooms, stems removed and diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 1ounce slices foie gras, optional, 1 12 teaspoons truffle oil, 1 4pound free range chicken, halved, wing tips removed, breasts and legs boned, skin intact, 23 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper, Serving suggestions: French green beans, carrots, and ratatouille], title: Roasted Chicken with Truffle Sauce, picturelink: X4NehaGOPresjaJ6QKISp3EUaDnfe}, 4171: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: Whisk together the tequila, agave, cumin, lime juice and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the ensalada: Peel and cut the jicama into julienned slices. Open the black beans and lightly rinse under cold running water to remove some of the excess starch. Slice the scallions and finely slice the jalapeno into paperthin rounds remove the seeds for less heat. Combine everything together along with the corn and bell peppers in a large bowl and mix well. Dress with the vinaigrette and top with a sprinkle of the cilantro and chili powder., ingredients: [1 tablespoon white tequila, 2 teaspoons light agave syrup, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Juice of 1 lime, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium jicama, Two 15 12ounce cans black beans, 4 scallions, 1 jalapeno, One 15 14ounce canned whole kernel corn, drained, 12 cup 12inch diced red bell pepper, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, minced, 1 teaspoon chili powder], title: Ensalada Numero Uno, picturelink: null}, 4172: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Cook the pasta 2 minutes less than the packaging suggests, about 8 minutes. Drain well, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water.nUsing the large holes on a box grater, grate the flesh of the tomatoes, stopping when you are left with just the skin. Heat a large straightsided skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. Once the oil is hot, add the garlic and cook, stirring constantly, until the garlic is fragrant and beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the grated tomatoes, whole basil and 34 teaspoon salt to the hot oil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook for 5 minutes.nRemove the garlic and basil stems from the pot and stir in the ricotta. Add the pasta followed by the ParmigianoReggiano. Stir to combine and coat everything in the sauce.nCook for another 2 minutes to finish cooking the pasta and thicken the sauce slightly, adding pasta water if the sauce ever looks too dry. Stir in the chopped basil and serve topped with additional ricotta and ParmigianoReggiano., ingredients: [34 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more, 1 pound fusilli pasta, 1 12 pounds beefsteak tomatoes about 4 large tomatoes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 stems fresh basil, plus 14 cup chopped basil, 12 cup fresh ricotta, plus more for garnish, 1 14 cups freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for garnish], title: Fusilli with Fresh Pomodoro, picturelink: bYUb4skBOmACcjrgyCbF6j1cj8ckPra}, 4173: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpray a cooling rack with nonstick spray and set it in a half sheet pan lined with parchment.nPeel the ginger root and slice into 18inch thick slices using a mandoline. Place into a 4quart saucepan with the water and set over mediumhigh heat. Cover and cook for 35 minutes or until the ginger is tender.nTransfer the ginger to a colander to drain, reserving 14 cup of the cooking liquid. Weigh the ginger and measure out an equal amount of sugar. Return the ginger and 14 cup water to the pan and add the sugar. Set over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring frequently, until the sugar syrup looks dry, has almost evaporated and begins to recrystallize, approximately 20 minutes. Transfer the ginger immediately to the cooling rack and spread to separate the individual pieces. Once completely cool, store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks. Save the sugar that drops beneath the cooling rack and use to top ginger snaps, sprinkled over ice cream or to sweeten coffee., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 1 pound fresh ginger root, 5 cups water, Approximately 1 pound granulated sugar], title: Candied Ginger, picturelink: SvPaWxmi7rodK032yYyH7DtE6z4j5Oi}, 4174: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the canola oil over a mediumhigh flame. Season the buster crabs with 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Season the flour with salt and pepper and combine with the cornmeal in a shallow dish or large bowl. Toss crabs in the mixture to coat. Carefully place the crabs into the hot oil and cook for 1 minute on each side. Remove from pan and drain on paper towels.nMeanwhile, season the tomatoes with salt, pepper, vinegar, 14 teaspoon chives, and olive oil. Place the tomatoes over the toasted brioche croutons and place on a serving plate. Place drained crabs over the tomatoes and top each of them with a dollop of aioli. Place micro greens or any lettuce sprout on top of aioli.nTo serve, garnish plate with additional chopped chives, chive oil, and beet juice, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup canola oil, 4 buster crabs, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more to taste, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 2 cups red, yellow, and green grape tomatoes, peeled, 12 teaspoon 25yearold balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon minced chives, plus 1 teaspoon chopped chives for garnish, 4 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices brioche, toasted, 4 teaspoons aioli, 1 tablespoon micro greens, or any lettuce sprout, 1 tablespoon chive oil, for garnish, optional, 1 tablespoon beet juice, for garnish, optional], title: Restaurant Augusts BLT: Buster Crab, Lettuce, and Tomato Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 4175: {instructions: To infuse the vodka. Place an entire ripe pineapple, peeled, cored, and sliced, in a glass container and cover with a bottle of vodka. Refrigerate pineapple for at least 48 hours. To assemble the drink. Pour 2 12 ounces of pineapple infused vodka and 34 ounces of Grand Marnier in cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with orange peel., ingredients: [1 large glass container with a lid, 1 sweet pineapple peeled, cored and sliced, 1 bottle of vodka, 750 ml, 2 12 ounces pineapple infused vodka, 34 ounce Grand Marnier, Orange peel], title: Pineapple Infused Vodka and Grand Marnier, picturelink: null}, 4176: {instructions: Fill a fryer or large Dutch oven with 2 inches vegetable oil heat to 330 degrees F to 340 degrees F. Prepare the batter: Whisk the allpurpose flour, rice flour, parmesan, mustard powder, paprika, garlic powder and 2 tablespoons salt in a large bowl. Whisk the buttermilk, beer and dijon mustard in a separate large bowl. Add all but 1 cup of the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and whisk to make a smooth batter, similar to a pancake batter.nTest 1 onion ring: Dip in the batter and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes. If the batter is still not cooked through, then it is probably too thick add a splash more of the wet ingredients to the batter. You may also need to add more of the wet ingredients to the batter as it sits.nWorking in batches, dip the remaining onion rings in the batter and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a rack. Immediately sprinkle with more parmesan.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup rice flour, 1 cup finely grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping, 3 tablespoons mustard powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 1 cup dark beer, such as porter or stout, 2 tablespoons dijon mustard, 2 medium onions, peeled and cut into 13inchthick rings], title: Buttermilk Onion Rings, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 4177: {instructions: Bring a generous amount of lightly salted water to the boil in a large saucepan or soup pot. Plunge the beans into the boiling water and cook for 3 minutes. Drain in a colander and shake dry.nIn a large heavy skillet heat the butter over medium high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently, for 3 to 4 minutes, or until softened. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the rosemary and basil and stir together for 1 minute more. Add the beans and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until they are just tender and coated with the onion butter., ingredients: [1 pound firm, tiny string beans, trimmed if desired, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves only, finely chopped, 10 leaves fresh basil, finely chopped], title: String Beans with Rosemary and Basil Vagems Com Alecrim e Manjericao, picturelink: null}, 4178: {instructions: Special equipment: Wooden skewers soaked 1 hour aheadnSatay: Whisk together the coconut milk, soy sauce, lime juice, brown sugar, garlic, ginger, curry powder and cilantro and pour into a shallow, nonreactive dish. Pound the pork chops until very thin and even and cut into 1 12inch thick strips. Place in the dish and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours.nSauce: Stir all ingredients except peanut candy bars until smooth. Place in a serving bowl. Put the crushed peanut candy bar for the satay in a serving bowl.nRemove the pork from the marinade and pat dry. Thread onto the skewers. Light a grill or heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the skewers until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nTo serve, set out the bowls of peanut candy bar and sauce. Have guests dip the skewers first into the sauce, then in the peanut candy bar., ingredients: [12 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon dried cilantro, 1 12 pounds boneless pork chops, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 12 cup water, 14 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 teaspoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 3 peanut crunch candy bars, finely crushed recommended: Planters Peanut bar], title: Christinas Peanut Brittle Pork Satay with Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 4179: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, thoroughly combine the salt, garlic powder, paprika, brown sugar, black pepper and cayenne. Set aside.nUsing a sharp knife, cut the tubular top portion away from the globeshaped bottoms of both squash. Using the knife or a mandoline, shave the tops into chips. Submerge the chips in a deep container with ice water for 10 minutes this removes any extra starch and makes the chips crispy. Strain the chips and pat dry.nMeanwhile, using an instantread thermometer, bring 3 inches of duck fat to 325 degrees F in a heavy gauge Dutch oven over medium heat. Working in batches, fry the chips until they are golden and crispy, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer with a fine mesh strainer to a papertowellined dish. Season immediately with a sprinkle of spice mix. Repeat until all chips are fried. Transfer to a large bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon light brown sugar, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne, 2 small butternut squash, peeled, Melted duck fat, for frying or canola oil], title: Butternut Squash Chips, picturelink: Z1nZVEe0M.G7azFA6G9bl9hpCyaD06O}, 4180: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the turkey pieces on a rimmed baking sheet, and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Roast until browned and cooked through, about 30 minutes.nTransfer the roasted turkey pieces to a medium saucepan scrape up any brown bits from the baking sheet, and add them to the saucepan. Add the stock, thyme and bay leaves. Bring to a simmer, then cook for 30 minutes to enrich the stock with roastedturkey flavor. Strain the liquid into a heatsafe bowl, and keep warm.nMelt the butter in the saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour, and whisk until the mixture is smooth, toasted and a deep golden brown. Slowly pour in the warm broth, whisking continuously, and continue whisking until the mixture comes to a simmer. Continue to cook, still whisking, until the gravy is thick and coats the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes more. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nLet the gravy cool to room temperature. Transfer it to an airtight container or resealable plastic freezer bag, label and date, and freeze for up to 2 weeks.nTo serve, reheat the frozen gravy in a saucepan or a microwave. Be sure to whisk vigorously as the gravy heats up to keep lumps from forming. Adjust the seasoning as needed., ingredients: [1 pound turkey wings, legs or neck pieces, cut into small pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups homemade turkey stock or lowsodium chicken broth, 5 fresh sprigs thyme, 2 dried bay leaves, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour], title: MakeAhead Turkey Gravy, picturelink: V8vPtanIZ0y2ZpF5FWqgq6T0KG4kJcy}, 4181: {instructions: For the base and streusel topping: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom of an 8inchsquare baking pan.nPut the flour, oats, sugars, baking soda and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Pulse 6 times, about 3 seconds per pulse, until some of the oatmeal is finely chopped and some still large or whole. Drizzle in the melted butter, toss with a fork and then pulse until the mixture comes together, about 8 times.nPress twothirds of the oat mixture into the prepared pan. Squeeze spoonfuls of the remaining mixture in your palm to make chunks  some larger, some smaller  and place in a small bowl.nCover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate both the base and the chunks for 30 minutes.nFor the filling: Put the apple butter, dried fruit, cinnamon and 2 tablespoons water in the cleaned bowl of the food processor and pulse to a chunky paste. Spread the filling over the chilled base. Scatter the streusel topping over the filling, leaving some of the filling showing through. Bake until the streusel is toasty and crisp, about 30 minutes. Cool completely on a rack, about 2 hours, before slicing into 16 squares.nFrom Food Network Kitchen, ingredients: [10 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for greasing, 1 cup white wholewheat flour, 1 cup rolled oats, 23 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch fine sea salt, 12 cup apple butter, 4 ounces dried apples, 4 ounces dried cherries, golden raisins or other dried fruit, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Apple Crumble Bars, picturelink: gW7hyppUnfHOFnEskUtLDSm0UFOC0jS}, 4182: {instructions: Add ingredients to ice filled mixing glass, shake, and strain into chilled martini glass. Top with a splash of sparkling wine Bouvet., ingredients: [1ounce Lillet, 2 ounces freshly squeezed orange juice, Splash of Bouvet], title: Lillet Brunch Martini, picturelink: null}, 4183: {instructions: Use cold tap water, as it is fresher, and let it run for a minute so that it will be aerated. If you like, you can use bottled water instead. Do not use warm tap water.nBoil water in kettle. If you are in a particularly cold climate, such as the North of England, add hot water to the tea pot until you are ready to pour in the boiling water, so that the tea pot will already be warm when you add the tea leaves.nPut 1 tablespoon of tea leaves in tea pot for 2 6ounce servings.nPour boiling water over tea leaves.nAllow to brew for 3  5 minutes, according to how much you will be cutting the tea with milk or cream. 5 minutes is only for tea that you intend to add a lot of milk or cream to. 3 minutes will allow the tea leaves to reach their optimum flavor, so it is considered the perfect brewing time.nCover with a tea cozy in order to keep the heat in the pot., ingredients: [], title: To Make a Perfect Cup of Tea, picturelink: null}, 4184: {instructions: Halve the lime and run it along the rim of a 6 to 8 ounce glass to moisten it. Dip half of the glass rim in Kosher salt. Fill a cocktail shaker with 5 ice cubes, the tequila, triple sec and lime juice. Shake and pour into prepared glass., ingredients: [Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt, to taste, 2 ounces clear tequila, 1 ounce triple sec], title: Lynns Margaritas, picturelink: null}, 4185: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTrim the silver skin off lamb racks and cut into individual chops. Rub lamb with Smoked Salt, Herb Butter and black pepper. Then toss the racks with olive oil, garlic and rosemary.nTurn on grill or start fire making sure grill is hot before placing lamb on grill. Rub the grill with a towel coated with olive oil. Place lamb lollipops on grill and cook for 3 to 4 minutes on each side or desired doneness., ingredients: [12 to 14ounce lamb racks 4 racks serve 6 persons, Clayton Shurleys Smoked Finishing Salt, Clayton Shurleys Powdered Herb Butter, Black pepper, Olive Oil, Chopped garlic, Chopped rosemary leaves], title: Lamb Lollipops, picturelink: 6.lW6pfTh.LKdhlAsvKUQ48yH9rmK}, 4186: {instructions: For Carries grit cakes: In a saucepan, bring the milk and 1 cup water to a boil. Stir in the grits, then add the salt. Whisk consistently for 5 minutes.nPour onto a wax paper lined cookie sheet. Let cool and become coagulated. Use a round cookie cutter to shape cakes. Heat vegetable oil in skillet and fry the cakes on both sides until brown.nFor Rosannes gravy: In a saucepan, heat the drippings, add the flour and whisk. Add the milk and chicken stock and whisk consistently until smooth and thick.nServe the grits warm with the white gravy., ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup grits, 1 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, Pork drippings and pan juices, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, 12 cup chicken stock], title: Carries Grit Cakes with Rosannes Gravy, picturelink: olbhMTNV07LlRdt8BryUagdHM5KjPG6}, 4187: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients for the apple mixture in a bowl.nIn another bowl, cut the butter into the flour and stir in the remaining topping ingredients.nSpray the interior of a camp Dutch oven with cooking spray or wipe with vegetable oil. Spread the apple mixture in the bottom of the camp Dutch oven. Top with the topping mixture. Bake at 350 degrees F by placing 8 coals under the camp Dutch oven and 16 coals on top of the lid. Continue cooking until the apples are cooked and the topping is brown. Serve warm with ice cream or whipped cream., ingredients: [10 cups apples, peeled and sliced, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 12 sticks butter, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, 1 12 cups oats, 2 tablespoons lemon zest, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, Vegetable oil or cooking spray], title: Apple Crisp, picturelink: osJEclKVLvuqqzDYRZ2wPy11IraREm}, 4188: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill to medium.nIn a large bowl, add peas, shallots, garlic, salt, pepper, basil, mint, 1 tablespoon of olive oil, lemon zest and lemon juice. Stir to combine and set aside.nBrush focaccia squares with remaining oil. Grill on each side for 2 to 3 minutes until well marked. Remove from the grill to a serving platter. Spread ricotta cheese on each square and top with sweet pea salad., ingredients: [2 cups fresh sweet peas, 14 cup minced shallot, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons coarse black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon lemon, zested, 1 lemon, juiced, Olive oil, for brushing, 1 loaf focaccia bread, cut into 1 12inch thin squares, 1 cup ricotta cheese], title: Sweet Pea Salad and Ricotta Cheese Crostini, picturelink: G4RhZix0uCaUS6Qgt1SQ4cyh9XKE40K}, 4189: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill to high heat. Heat the sugar, sherry vinegar, and 2 tablespoons water in the microwave until warm, about 1 minute. Add the shallots and chile to the vinegar and set aside for at least 10 minutes.n2. Toss the squid with 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. If using an outdoor grill, place the squid in a grill basket and press together to flatten. Alternatively, for indoor grill pans, weigh the squid bodies down with a castiron skillet or bacon press. Grill on both sides until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Slice the bodies into rings and divide evenly among 4 shallow bowls with the tentacles.n3. Drizzle the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil over the parsley in a medium bowl and toss with the shallots and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Mound the salad on the squid and spoon the vinegar over top. Garnish with a lemon wedge and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 3 shallots, thinly sliced, 12 Fresno or Thai chile, thinly sliced, 1 pound squid 12 bodies and 4 tentacles, cleaned, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked about 2 34 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Grilled Calamari with Parsley and Pickled Shallot Salad, picturelink: SPOQLgX62ylBIaa6PitUCafmCV5Dqy}, 4190: {instructions: Bring the milk to a simmer in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the chocolate, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the chocolate is fully melted, about 10 minutes.nPour the hot chocolate into mugs and top with mini marshmallows. Toast the marshmallows with a kitchen torch, if desired. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by Coral Von Zumwalt, ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 1 3.2ounce disk Mexican chocolate, Mini marshmallows, for topping], title: Mexican Hot Chocolate, picturelink: LCuz5LcLUtFGd62jJ8TZfx251d1T1We}, 4191: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Roll the sausage into walnutsized meatballs. Drop them into the skillet and brown on all sides, then remove them to a plate.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Saute the onion and garlic for 5 minutes, then add the escarole and season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, to taste. Cook until the escarole has wilted. Add the beans and cook until heated through. Stir in the stock and bring to a boil, then add the pasta and cook to al dente.nReturn the meatballs back to the pot for the last 4 minutes of cooking. Adjust the seasonings and ladle into serving bowls. Heavily sprinkle each serving with cheese and serve with crusty bread for mopping., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 14 pounds bulk sweet Italian sausage, 1 onion, chopped, 3 to 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 large heads escarole, trimmed, washed, and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained, 2 quarts chicken stock, 2 cups short cut pasta, such as mini penne or ditalini, Grated Pecorino Romano, Crusty bread], title: Mini Sausage Meatball Minestra, picturelink: 5c4ZwM7JcqukKxa1J.gRT6MQ6PyIu}, 4192: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWash the chicken thoroughly with cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Lay the chicken on a clean cutting board and sprinkle the skin and cavity with a pinch of salt and pepper and the lemon juice. Stuff the grapes, cilantro and garlic into the cavity. Tie the legs together with some kitchen string and tuck the wings behind the back of the chicken.nMix together the fenugreek leaves, garam masala, cardamom, smoked paprika, turmeric, cinnamon and a pinch of salt and pepper in a small bowl. Loosen the skin on the breast of the chicken and rub some of the spice mixture under it, taking care not to tear the skin, and then rub the remaining mixture liberally over the rest of the chicken.nLay the banana leaves flat on a counter top. Carefully wrap the marinated chicken in them, making sure it is completely covered. Using kitchen string, tie it snugly to hold the leaves in place. If using foil, wrap the chicken completely in foil. Place the chicken into a large roasting pan and place in the oven until the chicken is cooked through and the juices run clear, 1 to 1 12 hours. Allow to rest for 15 minutes before carving., ingredients: [One 3pound chicken, Salt and pepper, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 cup red and green seedless grapes, A handful fresh cilantro leaves, 1 bulb garlic, separated and peeled, 14 cup dried fenugreek leaves, 2 tablespoons garam masala, 1 tablespoon ground cardamom, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 3 to 4 banana leaves or use foil], title: Indian Roast Chicken, picturelink: null}, 4193: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the EVOO in a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the butter and melt into the oil. Add the mushrooms and brown well. Add the garlic, shallots, herbs and some salt and pepper, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes more. Then add the tomato paste, stir 1 minute more. Add the marsala, stir. Add the passata, stock and cream, and combine. Add the chicken and simmer over low heat to thicken. Adjust seasoning. Cool and store for a makeahead meal.nBring a pot of water to boil for the pasta, salt the water and cook the rigatoni to al dente. Reserve a cup starchy water, then drain. Toss the pasta with the sauce and add the starchy water as needed if the mixture seems dry or tight. Serve topped with ParmigianoReggiano., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound crimini or button mushrooms, sliced, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 shallots, finely chopped, A few sprigs each fresh sage and thyme, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, About 13 cup marsala or dry sherry, 2 cups tomato passata or puree, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups poached chicken, in bitesize pieces, 1 pound rigatoni, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Chicken and Mushrooms with Rigatoni, picturelink: 9LBe6ZgXBCNfPVAeXX5Sw8eIleBi.Ni}, 4194: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour enough oil into a large frying pan to reach a depth of 2 inches. Heat the oil over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F.nStir 1 12 cups Parmesan, the panko, and salt in a medium bowl to blend. Whisk the eggs in another medium bowl to blend. Working in batches, dip the zucchini in the eggs to coat completely and allow the excess egg to drip back into the bowl. Coat the zucchini in the panko mixture, patting to adhere and coat completely. Place the zucchini strips on a baking sheet.nWhen the oil is hot, working in batches, fry the zucchini sticks until they are golden brown, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the fried zucchini to paper towels and drain.nArrange the fried zucchini on a platter. Sprinkle with the remaining Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [Olive oil, for frying, 1 34 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 1 12 cups panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 3 medium zucchini, cut into 3inch long by 12inch wide strips], title: Fried Zucchini, picturelink: eFRpLHywwTynUpdudyz6wOpLptGZAC}, 4195: {instructions: Special equipment: a large baking dish or 6 to 8 individual ramekinsnPreheat oven 375 degrees F. Put some ice and cold water in a bowl. Bring a pot of salted water up to a boil. Add the broccoli, cook it for 2 minutes, and then transfer it to the ice water to stop cooking. Drain and set aside.nPut the bacon in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook until crispy, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the bacon, set aside, and reserve the fat in saucepan.nTurn the heat to mediumlow heat, add the flour, and cook, whisking, until it starts to smell nutty and is a bit darker, 5 to 7 minutes this is a roux. Slowly whisk the milk in to create a sauce with gravylike consistency. Stir in the salt, pepper and nutmeg. Turn the heat to low and stir the Cheddar. Once the cheese has melted, take the saucepan off the heat.nCombine the panko and olive oil in a medium bowl. Coat a large baking dish or individual ramekins with nonstick cooking spray. Toss the broccoli with the cheese sauce and bacon. Put the mixture in the baking dish or ramekins, top it with the panko mixture and bake until the top is golden and the cheese is bubbly, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds broccoli, cut into florets, 8 ounces bacon, cut into 12inch strips, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 cups milk, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 4 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup olive oil, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Broccoli Gratin, picturelink: hzYVLvLFYMwNs.pRBp7UIEK2CLaznVC}, 4196: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir the flour and sugar together. Using a pastry blender or your fingertips, work the butter into the mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle on 3 to 4 tablespoons of the eggy water, and mix it in with your fingers until the dough comes together into a ball. Working on a lightly floured surface, take eggsized pieces of the dough and smear them away from you with the heel of your hand into 6inch streaks. Scrape up all the streaks of dough and pile them on top of one another to form a disc. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.nSet a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9 12inch tart pan with a removable bottom.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into an 11 12inch circle. Fit the dough into the prepared pan. Trim the excess dough to a 1inch overhang and double the dough over itself to reinforce the sides save the trimmings for any emergency patchwork. Refrigerate for 20 minutes.nLine the tart shell with aluminum foil and weight down with dried beans or pie weights. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and bake for 5 minutes longer or until lightly browned. Patch any visible holes in the shell with the reserved dough scraps. Brush the shell with Egg Wash and return to the oven for 5 more minutes, until the wash is shiny and no longer runny. Transfer to a rack to cool and lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nSpread the cashews in the partially baked shell and cover with the Cashew Filling, making sure the nuts are covered. Bake for 30 minutes or until little bubbles appear around the edges of the tart and the center looks barely set. Transfer to a rack to cool.nWith a fork, mix together the water, flour, and egg yolk in a small bowl to make an egg wash. Cover and refrigerate.nIn a large bowl, lightly beat the sugar and eggs together. Add the corn syrup, rum, and vanilla and beat just to a blend. Mix in the melted butter., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into peasized bits, 1 egg beaten with 1 cup ice water, Egg Wash, recipe follows, Cashew Filling, recipe follows, 2 cups 10 ounces roasted unsalted cashews, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 egg yolk, 34 cup sugar, 4 eggs, 1 cup dark corn syrup, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Cashew Tart, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 4197: {instructions: Line a 9by13inch baking dish with enough foil so that theres a 2inch overhang on all sides. Grease the foil with butter.nMelt the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the marshmallows and honey and cook, stirring occasionally, until the marshmallows melt completely, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the almond butter and vanilla. Add the whole oat cereal, puffed wheat cereal and 1 cup of the chopped mixed nuts. Stir with a rubber spatula, making sure to scrape up the bottom, until the cereal is completely coated. Transfer to the prepared baking dish and pat down into an even layer. Scatter the remaining 12 cup of chopped nuts on top and press into the top use the bottom of a measuring cup to help. Let sit at room temperature until firm, about 30 minutes.nCut into 24 bars. Store at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, One 10ounce bag mini marshmallows, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cup almond butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 cups toasted honey wholegrain oat cereal, such as Honey Nut Cheerios, 3 cups honeysweetened puffed wheat cereal, such as Honey Smacks, 1 12 cups salted mixed nuts, roughly chopped], title: HoneyNut Cereal Treats, picturelink: H6Ite6oGtjgydW3YQGY4rGzf0hnWKfu}, 4198: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCoat a 13 by 9inch sheet pan with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Spread out the pizza dough to fit the sheet pan.nIn a small bowl mix together the Italian seasoning and remaining olive oil. Brush the seasoned oil all over the top of the dough, making sure to reserve about 2 teaspoons. Using your fingers punch dimples about halfway down into the dough. Bake in the hot oven for about 8 minutes.nRemove the focaccia from the oven, top with tomato slices, sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste, and bush with remaining 2 teaspoons of the oil mixture. Return to the oven and bake until the focaccia is gold brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. Cut into squares and serve warm with Tuscan Peasant Soup with Tortellini., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 15ounce bag refrigerator pizza dough, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 2 plum tomatoes, sliced thin, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Herbed Focaccia, picturelink: SaYyNYaMbVdqfKvoQI9pqnfoPKjuPRy}, 4199: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour the chickpeas into a colander and rinse them under cold running water. Drain well. Place the chickpeas in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Add the chicken stock and pulse until the chickpeas are coarsely pureed.nIn a medium 10inch saute pan, heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil over medium heat. Add the tomato and saute for 3 to 4 minutes, until the tomato is softened. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Add the chickpeas, stirring to combine with the tomatoes and garlic. Cook for about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until heated through. Off the heat, stir in the Parmesan, parsley, lemon juice, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and taste for seasonings. Pile in a serving bowl, drizzle with extra olive oil, and serve with shards of grilled country bread., ingredients: [2 15.5ounce cans chickpeas, preferably Goya, 12 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for serving, 2 ripe mediumsize tomatoes, seeded and smalldiced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 3 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grilled country bread for serving], title: Tuscan Mashed Chickpeas, picturelink: XQT0myPqCe0plo5HFP4EwVcqvnhTwu6}}