{42000: {instructions: Divide the gin and orange juice between 2 chilled glasses. Top with some beer, then drop a piece of orange into each glass. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ounces gin, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, very cold, 1 bottle pale lager beer, very cold, 1 orange slice, halved, for garnish], title: Vitamin Fs Vitamin C Brew, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 42001: {instructions: Put the lamb into a tajine or large pot and add the onions, olive oil, white pepper, ginger, salt, saffron threads, turmeric and cinnamon. Brown the meat for a few minutes over medium heat. Add 3 or 4 cups water and the small bouquet of cilantro. Cover and simmer the meat over medium heat until the meat is very tender, about 1 hour. If necessary, add a small amount of water during cooking to prevent the meat from scorching. When the meat has cooked, uncover the pot and continue cooking off the liquid until mostly oils and onions remain with the meat.nPut the prunes in a small pot and add enough water to almost cover, about 2 cups. Simmer over medium heat. Add the ground cinnamon, sugar and orange blossom water. Simmer, partially covered, until the prunes are quite tender and sitting in very thick syrup.nTo serve, put the meat on a large serving platter, or if youve cooked in a tajine, use that as the serving dish. Spoon the prunes and syrup on top of the meat and garnish with the fried almonds and sesame seeds., ingredients: [2 pounds lamb shank, cut into pieces, 1 large onion, chopped, 12 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Salt, Small amount saffron threads, crumbled, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 3 sticks cinnamon, 1 small bunch fresh cilantro, wrapped together in bouquet, 12 cup prunes, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 5 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon orange blossom water, 1 cup fried almonds, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds], title: Lamb Shank Tajine, picturelink: eOcJH8KlliT95PNv4PBMo0WXPoWtnG}, 42002: {instructions: Heat oven to 500 degrees F. Lightly oil 2 14inch pizza pans. Set aside.nIn a medium skillet, heat 14 cup oil over high heat. Add artichokes and cook, stirring for about 1 minute. Add shallot and cook, stirring, 1 minute more. Add wine and 12 cup water. Bring to a boil. Cover and lower heat to simmer. Cook until tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, 8 to 9 minutes. Add marjoram and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nDivide pizza dough in half. Cover 12 with plastic wrap while working with the second. Working on a lightly floured surface, use fingers to flatten and stretch half the dough into a rough 8inch circle. Transfer to 1 of the prepared pizza pans. Continue to press dough out until it fits just inside rim of pan. Dough should be less than 14inch thick. Drizzle with olive oil. Repeat with second piece of dough.nSprinkle each round with 12 of the mozzarella. Transfer to oven and bake for 10 minutes. Remove from oven. Divide artichokes evenly between pizzas and sprinkle each with 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese. Return to oven until crusty and golden, 10 to 15 minutes more. Serve immediately.nPizza Dough:n4 cups flour, 00 if available, otherwise, allpurpose flour, plus more for coating bowln34 ounce fresh yeastn34 cup warm watern2 teaspoons coarse saltn14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 14 cup more for pansnMeasure the flour onto a clean work surface and make a well in the center. Dissolve the yeast in a bowl with 34 cup lukewarm water. Place the salt, yeast and olive oil in the well, and with the help of a fork, incorporate the flour into them. Add more lukewarm water as needed to make a dough that is homogenous and elastic.nDust a large bowl with flour. Place the dough in the bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set it in a warm place to rise until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nOil 2 12inch pizza pans each with 2 tablespoons. On a lightly floured surface, knead dough until very smooth. Divide dough in half. Using a rolling pin, roll each half, 1 at a time. Transfer dough to prepared pans. Stretch dough with your hands to form rounds 14inch thick.nYield: enough for 2 12inch pizzas, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for pans, 10 baby artichokes, trimmed and quartered, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup water, 2 teaspoons marjoram leaves, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 6 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into 12inch dice, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Artichoke Pizza, picturelink: null}, 42003: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 wire racks 2 rimmed baking sheetsnAdjust 2 oven racks to the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Put the wire racks in the baking sheets and coat each generously with cooking spray.nCombine the flour and 12 teaspoon salt in a large resealable plastic bag. Combine the eggs and 12 teaspoon salt in another large plastic bag combine the breadcrumbs, Parmesan and 12 teaspoon salt in a third large plastic bag.nAdd about a half of the zucchini sticks to the bag with the flour and use a combination of your hands and shaking the bag to coat the zucchini. Remove the zucchini and shake off any excess flour. Transfer to the egg wash and repeat until coated. Its less messy if you use only one hand for the dry ingredients and the other for the wet. Let any excess egg drip off before transferring to the breadcrumb mixture repeat until fully coated youll still see some green and white of the zucchini peeking through the breading. Transfer to the prepared baking sheets and coat the breaded zucchini generously with cooking spray theres no need to turn them. Repeat with the remaining zucchini.nBake, rotating the baking sheets from top to bottom about halfway through, until golden brown and tender, 25 to 30 minutes.nLower the oven to 350 degrees F and let the baking sheet cool for a few minutes. Remove the rack from one of the baking sheets and line the baking sheet with foil. Slide the fries onto the baking sheet and arrange them in four equal piles. Scatter both cheeses equally over the piles and bake until melted, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, warm the gravy. When the cheese is melted, use a spatula to lift each batch of cheese fries and place it on its own plate. Drizzle the gravy over the cheese fries and top with the bacon and scallions., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 12 cups panko breadcrumbs see Cooks Note, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 pound zucchini 2 to 3 small to medium zucchini cut into 3inchby14inch sticks, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 1 cup shredded partskim mozzarella, 1 12 cups 12 ounces chicken gravy, 4 pieces cooked bacon, crumbled, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Disco Zucchini Fries, picturelink: rqHF2jkknyfKf5Xu8AfXG5.4E5PFrOa}, 42004: {instructions: Combine broth and water in a small pot and bring to a boil over high heat. When it boils, add orzo. Bring back to a boil, then cover and simmer for 5 to 6 minutes, until most of the liquid has cooked off.nRemove from heat and stir in oil, zest, and salt. Taste, adjust seasoning as desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups water, 1 pound orzo, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon lightly packed lemon zest, 34 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Lemon Orzo, picturelink: YL1WBZKpSYSmicp7jwNI1oZV7N8qO6}, 42005: {instructions: 1. Place all ingredients into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure lid.n2. Select Variable 1.n3. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n4. Use the tamper to press ingredients into the blades.n5. In about 3060 seconds, the sound of the motor will change and four mounds should form.n6. Stop machine. Do not over mix or melting will occur. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup 60 ml orange juice, 14 cup 60 ml Grand Marnier, 1 pound 454 g frozen unsweetened strawberries], title: Vitamix Strawberry Grand Marnier Sorbet, picturelink: RrcZJt9vdGg2W6FcPWy9O66lnDZOOy}, 42006: {instructions: Preheat nonstick griddle or skillet over medium heat. Beat eggs very well, add sugar and beat again. Add cornstarch in water and beat that in, then add milk and nutmeg. Coat bread thoroughly in eggmilk mixture. Lightly butter hot pan with butter nested in paper towels. Add bread to the pan and cook slowly, 3 or 4 minutes on each side, 2 to 3 slices at a time. Serve hot with your favorite toppings or Three Berry Compote.nCombine sugar, lemon and water in a small sauce pot. Over moderate heat, dissolve sugar into water. Stir in fruit, coating it in sugar water and bring the fruit and water to a bubble. Reduce heat and simmer 7 or 8 minutes. Remove fruit with a slotted spoon to a serving dish and add maple syrup or honey to the pan. Thicken syrup 5 minutes and pour over fruit. Serve with French toast, pancakes or waffles., ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in a splash of water, 1 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 8 slices stale white bread or 6 slices thick cut stale bread, Butter, for griddle pan, Warm maple syrup, powdered sugar, cinnamon sugar andor fresh berries for topping., Three Berry Compote, recipe follows, 12 cup sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 cup water, 1 pint strawberries, sliced, 1 cup raspberries, 1 cup blackberries, 14 cup maple syrup or honey], title: Pain Perdu  Lost Bread, a.k.a. French Toast, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 42007: {instructions: Whisk the muffin mix, milk and egg together until smooth.nHeat a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 14 inch of oil to the pan and heat until shimmering. Working in batches, drop teaspoons of batter into the oil to make small pancakes, about 1 12 inches wide. Cook until bubbles appear on the tops and the bottoms are golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and finish cooking, about 1 more minute.nTop each blini with ricotta and a grape half. Drizzle with honey and serve warm., ingredients: [1 8.5ounce box corn muffin mix, 12 cup milk, 1 large egg, beaten, Olive oil, for shallow frying about cup, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 18 seedless green grapes, halved, Honey, for drizzling], title: Cornmeal Blini Bites, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 42008: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine 1 9inch cake pan with plastic wrap, with 3 inches overhanging. Spread softened ice cream into lined pan in a smooth, even layer. Freeze for 3 hours, or until frozen solid.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter and flour 2 10inch round cake pans and set aside. In a stand mixer or with a hand mixer, beat cake mix, water, oil and eggs in a large mixing bowl on medium speed for 2 minutes, or until well blended. Using a spatula, divide batter between the 2 prepared cake pans. Bake for 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Let cakes cool in pans on a wire rack for 15 minutes. Run a knife around the edge of each pan to loosen cakes and remove from pans.nWhile cakes are cooling, heat heavy cream in a small heavy saucepan over medium heat until bubbling around the edges. Remove pan from heat, add chocolate morsels, and stir with a whisk until smooth. Refrigerate for about 30 minutes, until cool and slightly thickened, stirring occasionally. Spread ganache on top of and around sides of both cake layers, keeping layers separate and not fitting together yet. Refrigerate entire cake for 1 hour, or until ganache is set.nPlace 1 cake layer, ganache side up, on a serving platter. Remove ice cream from pan, peel off plastic wrap, and place on top of cake layer. Place second cake layer on top of ice cream, ganache side up. Freeze until ready to serve, but let stand at room temperature 5 minutes before seving., ingredients: [12 gallon cookies and cream ice cream, softened, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate morsels, Butter, for pans, Flour, for pans, 1 18.25ounce box devils food cake mix, 1 12 cups water, 12 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs], title: Frozen Chocolate Cookie Cake, picturelink: aEiudydP9OJcfBFtpSG11iMIUUA1aOe}, 42009: {instructions: In a blender combine the garlic, horseradish, olive oil, and vinegar and process until smooth. Transfer to a mixing bowl and add mayonnaise. Season to taste with salt, fold in the parsley and serve with beef., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 1 to 2 tablespoons prepared white horseradish, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup minced parsley], title: Horseradish Garlic Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 42010: {instructions: In a deep sauce pot, brown the bacon until crispy. With a slotted spoon, remove bacon to paper towels to drain. Pour any excess fat from the pan, leaving about 1 tablespoon. Saute the leeks, celery, thyme, and bay leaf until the vegetables start to soften. Gradually add the chicken stock, and salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer for about 30 minutes, then remove bay leaf and blend vegetables right in the pot with an immersion blender. Create a beurre manie reverse rouxnby blending the butter and flour together until they look like coarse crumbs. Flour molecules would normally clump together in a hot liquid. This combination of butter and flour works to thicken already cooked sauces without making them lumpy. Add this to the soup and blend again until smooth. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, and serve garnished with chopped chives., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh chopped chives, 6 ounces bacon, chopped, 12 leeks, white and tender green parts only, soaked and agitated several times in salt water to remove grit, and chopped, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves from about 1 or 2 large sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, 2 quarts chicken, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup 1 stick or 8 tablespoons butter, cut into chunks, 1 cup allpurpose flour], title: Leonardos Mona Leek Soup, picturelink: null}, 42011: {instructions: Muddle two slices fresh lime and one maraschino cherry in a glass. Add ice, one tablespoon grenadine syrup and eight ounces ginger ale. Garnish with a second maraschino cherry., ingredients: [2 slices lime, 2 maraschino cherries, ice, 1 tablespoon grenadine syrup, 8 ounces ginger ale], title: Shirley Temple, picturelink: null}, 42012: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a deep pot over mediumhigh heat. Add pancetta and brown to render the fat. Transfer pancetta to paper towels to drain. To the pan add the oil, and the meats and brown and crumble them for 5 minutes. Stir in garlic, and pancetta bits.nChop carrot, celery, and onions near the stove and add to the pot as you work. Cook vegetables with meat 5 minutes and add wine. Cook for 1 minute add stock and tomatoes to the pot.nStir in parsley, allspice, or cinnamon and season sauce with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring sauce to a boil, reduce heat to medium low, and cook 10 to 15 minutes, minimum, before serving. Reheated sauce only improves.nToss pasta cook off only as much pasta as you need at the time: half a pound for every 3 people with a couple of ladles of sauce to coat, then top bowl with extra sauce. Top pasta with lots of cheese and pass bread at the table., ingredients: [14 pound pancetta, thick cut, chopped into small bits Italian cured pork, ask at deli counter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound bulk hot Italian sausage, 1 pound combined ground beef, pork and veal, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 medium carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 rib celery, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 cup good quality dry red wine, 1 cup prepared beef stock, paper container or canned, 2 32ounce cans chunky style crushed tomatoes, Handful chopped flatleaf parsley, 14 teaspoon a couple of pinches allspice or cinnamon, Coarse salt and black pepper, 2 pounds penne rigate, cooked to al dente, Grated Pecorino Romano, as an accompaniment, Fresh, crusty bread, for mopping], title: Christmas Pasta, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 42013: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray mini muffin tins with nonstick spray.nCream together the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl by hand or using an electric mixer. Add the eggs and beat well. Mix in the flour. In a separate bowl, dissolve the baking soda in the buttermilk. Add the buttermilk mixture to the batter along with the orange zest and mix well.nFill the muffin tins twothirds full with the batter and bake until lightly browned, 12 to 17 minutes.nIn a separate bowl, combine the brown sugar and orange juice you should have about 12 cup juice and mix well. Drizzle this glaze over the warm muffins in the tins. Remove the muffins while still warm., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, for spraying muffin tins, 2 sticks salted butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 oranges, zested and juiced, 1 cup lightly packed brown sugar], title: Orange Mini Muffins, picturelink: 1YohhbHnti.iJpz1RlBmzhz0RfcVOEm}, 42014: {instructions: Make the Rockfish: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine the rosemary, thyme, and salt with enough water to form a paste. Spread a layer of the salt paste, about half of it, on the bottom of a baking dish. Place snapper on top of the salt paste. Carefully spread the remaining salt paste over top of the snapper, being careful to cover it completely. Bake fish for 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the arugula: Heat a small amount of the olive oil in a skillet over high heat. Quickly saute the arugula until wilted. Sprinkle with salt, to taste, and set aside.nTo Serve: Break the salt crust along the sides. Remove the upper crust from the fish taking care to keep the crust whole. If you break the upper crust or crack into the fish from the top, the fish will turn out salty. Gently remove the fillets.nArrange the arugula around the edge of the platter and drizzle the fillets with olive oil and season with pepper. Sprinkle fleur de sel over the top.nMake the Rockfish: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine the rosemary, thyme, and salt with enough water to form a paste. Spread a layer of the salt paste, about half of it, on the bottom of a baking dish. Place snapper on top of the salt paste. Carefully spread the remaining salt paste over top of the snapper, being careful to cover it completely. Bake fish for 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the arugula: Heat a small amount of the olive oil in a skillet over high heat. Quickly saute the arugula until wilted. Sprinkle with salt, to taste, and set aside.nTo Serve: Break the salt crust along the sides. Remove the upper crust from the fish taking care to keep the crust whole. If you break the upper crust or crack into the fish from the top, the fish will turn out salty. Gently remove the fillets.nArrange the arugula around the edge of the platter and drizzle the fillets with olive oil and season with pepper. Sprinkle fleur de sel over the top., ingredients: [1 3pound whole rockfish, scaled, with fins removed known in Spanish as Besugo, Leaves from 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 pounds coarse sea salt, Water, as needed, Freshly ground pepper, as needed, Spanish extravirgin olive oil, as needed, 1 pound arugula, Fleur de sel, garnish], title: SaltCrusted Rockfish with Arugula, picturelink: null}, 42015: {instructions: Rub the meat well with 1 teaspoon salt, pepper, and olive oil.nCombine the ground coffee, cocoa powder and cinnamon and mix well. Spread the mixture over a work surface and roll the beef in it until coated evenly. Allow to marinate approximately 30 minutes at room temperature u00bf it wont cook evenly if its cold.nHeat a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter and saute the onion and garlic cloves until nicely browned. Add chiles and tortilla pieces and lower the heat, gently sauteing until they are golden brown. Add the chicken stock. Bring the stock to a boil, then simmer, lightly covered, for 10 minutes. Remove the stock from the heat and allow to cool.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTransfer the ingredients to a blender and puree for 1 minute or until smooth. Pass the sauce through a sieve to remove any coarse pieces. Add the cream, remaining 1 teaspoon salt and brown sugar and blend. The sauce should not be too thick. If too thick, add some more chicken stock or water it should be a very light consistency. Reserve.nPlace the beef on a roasting rack in a roasting pan. Roast in the oven for 10 minutes. Immediately lower the heat to 250 degrees F and roast for 20 minutes. Check the beefs internal temperature with a meat thermometer 125 degrees F for mediumrare, 135 degrees F for medium. If further cooking is necessary, return the beef to the oven still set at 250 degrees F and slowly roast to the desired temperature. Remove the beef from the oven and let rest for a few minutes. Before carving, remove the string.nTo serve, slice the filet into 14inch thick slices. Ladle the pasilla chile broth over the filet., ingredients: [2 pounds beef filet preferably cut from the large end of a whole filet tied with butcher twine in 12inch intervals, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely ground coffee beans preferably espresso, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 large white onion, roughly chopped, 4 to 8 garlic cloves, peeled and left whole, 2 pasilla chiles, stemmed, seeded and torn into large pieces, 1 thick white corn tortilla, torn into pieces, 2 12 cups chicken stock, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon brown sugar], title: Filet of Beef Roasted with Coffee Beans in Pasilla Chile Broth, picturelink: null}, 42016: {instructions: For the filet mignon: Remove the filet from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling. Heat a charcoal or gas grill to high for direct grilling.nFor the fine herb goat cheese: Mash together the cheese, parsley, chives, tarragon, lavender and black pepper in a small bowl.nFor the vinaigrette: Whisk together the honey, vinegar, mustard and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl until combined. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified.nBrush the filet mignon with the canola oil and sprinkle with salt. Press the pepper onto the entire surface.nGrill until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides and cooked to mediumrare doneness, about 6 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and let rest on a cutting board for 5 minutes before thinly slicingnFill the lettuce leaves with a few thin slices of the filet, a small dollop of the goat cheese and a drizzle of the vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 pound filet mignon, trimmed, Canola oil, for brushing, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 8 ounces goat cheese, such as Bonne Bouche, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon, 1 teaspoon dried lavender or a mix of fresh and dried, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup mildvariety honey, such as Hamptons Honey Company, 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Butter lettuce leaves, for filling], title: Filet Mignon with HoneyDijon Vinaigrette, Lavender Fine Herb Goat Cheese and Butter Lettuce, picturelink: vsqRkMzitODoBBH6kl7JiLzDqqlrPoW}, 42017: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the eggplant into 2inch cubes. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the eggplant and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the tomato, onion, and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, for 8 to 10 minutes. Add eggplant, paprika, cumin, black pepper, parsley, and cilantro and cook gently, mashing the ingredients occasionally, until any excess liquid cooks off, about 10 to 12 minutes. Add the vinegar, mix well, and let cool.nTransfer the eggplant salad to a platter and garnish with the lemon quarters., ingredients: [4 eggplant, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large tomatoes, peeled and grated, 12 onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 flatleaf parsley sprigs, finely chopped, 4 cilantro sprigs, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 lemons, quartered], title: Eggplant Salad: Shlada Deal Bedenjan, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 42018: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBegin by tying the filet mignon pieces: Lay the meat on a cutting board and wrap a piece of twine around the outside of each piece. Pull the twine tightly so that the meat is secure and tie a knot. Sprinkle both sides of the meat generously with salt and pepper.nIn a medium saute pan over high heat, add 2 tablespoons of the butter, the olive oil and garlic. When the butter begins to bubble, add the filet mignon pieces. Tip the pan slightly and baste the tops with the butter and olive oil. Cook until deeply browned, about 3 minutes, and then flip and continue cooking and basting on the other side. Next, turn the pieces on their sides and cook the edges until brown.nAdd the leeks and 2 tablespoons of the butter and saute until the leeks are soft, about 4 minutes add the tarragon. Turn the heat to high and add the red wine. Let the sauce reduce by half, lower the heat to simmer and add the truffle oil.nPlace another saute pan on high heat. Spread the remaining 2 teaspoons butter onto the brioche halves and place in the pan until slightly browned, about 2 minutes.nTo serve, slice the filet mignon on the bias and place some slices onto one half of each brioche bun. Top with some sauce, leeks and the other half of each bun. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Two 6ounce, 2inchthick pieces filet mignon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 2 leeks, cleaned thoroughly and thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon, 12 cup red wine, 1 teaspoon truffle oil, 2 brioche buns, sliced in half], title: Filet Mignon Sandwiches, picturelink: R2X0sqWvYC1jCVvESTkTKqbAdI1r4yu}, 42019: {instructions: Combining the dry ingredients: Whisk together the flour mix, yeast, psyllium, and salt. Pour this mixture into the bowl of a stand mixer.nFinishing the dough: With the stand mixer running on low, add the olive oil, then the egg. Slowly, pour in the water. Heres the important part: glutenfree pizza dough will not look the same as gluten dough. It will be far wetter, even a little like pancake batter. As you pour the water, look for the dough to come together around the paddle. However, when your turn off the mixer, the dough should slump off the paddle immediately.nLetting the dough rise: Scrape the pizza dough into a large greased bowl. Cover it with plastic wrap and set the bowl in a warm place. Glutenfree dough does not rise as much as gluten dough. Instead, you are looking for the dough to hydrate fully and increase in size by about onethird. When the dough has risen a bit and has the texture of traditional dough, about 1 12 hours, youre ready to bake.nPreparing to bake: Heat the oven to 500 degrees F. If you have a pizza stone  and we recommend you do  put it in the oven now.nIf you own a pizza peel, lay down a piece of parchment paper on it now. If you dont own one, put the parchment paper on a pizza pan or baking sheet. Put the dough down on the parchment paper then top it with another one the same size. Using your hands or a rolling pin, flatten the dough slowly and evenly. You want a pizza dough about 12 inches in diameter. Take the top piece of parchment paper off the pizza dough.nSprinkle some olive oil over the top of the dough. Bake the dough in the oven until the edges are starting to brown and crisp and the top of the pizza is a little firm to the touch, 5 to 8 minutes.nPull out the pizza dough and top with whatever toppings you desire.nPour all the flours into a large container. Restaurant supply stores sell large plastic containers that fit this purpose well. You could also use a large glass jar. Shake and shake and shake harder until all the flours have become one color., ingredients: [350 grams AllPurpose GlutenFree Flour Mix, recipe follows, 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon psyllium husk powder see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for sprinkling, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 34 cup warm water, 400 grams millet flour, 300 grams sweet rice flour, 300 grams potato starch], title: GlutenFree Pizza Crust, picturelink: AfgFXU68aNYCJIGejs.z19sPTbzHDC}, 42020: {instructions: In a tall glass, pour vermouth, grenadine, and ginger ale over ice. Garnish with orange wheel and maraschino cherry. Serve., ingredients: [12 ounce vermouth, 1 ounce grenadine, 5 ounces ginger ale, Ice, Orange wheel, as a garnish, Maraschino cherry, as a garnish], title: Adult Shirley Temple, picturelink: null}, 42021: {instructions: In a small saucepan, sprinkle the gelatin over the water and let it soften for 2 minutes.nAdd the milk and the espresso powder to the gelatin, and heat the mixture over moderate heat, whisking constantly, until the powder is dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat, stir in the vanilla, and set the pan in a bowl of ice and cold water, stirring the mixture every few minutes until it is thick and cold.nIn a small bowl, beat the cream until it just holds stiff peaks and fold the coffee mixture into it gently but thoroughly. Spoon the mousse into 4 chilled longstemmed glasses and chill it until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin, 14 cup water, 1 cup sweetened condensed milk not evaporated, 3 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup wellchilled heavy cream], title: Iced Coffee Mousse, picturelink: null}, 42022: {instructions: Heat oil in wok add garlic, prawns, tofu, cabbage, tomato, and egg. Stirfry until egg is lightly set. Add noodles, bean sprout, ketchup, and chili sauce. Salt, sugar, and pepper stirfry until combined well. Garnish with lemon wedges.nSuggested Wines:  Veuve Royale Brut, French Sparkling Wine  Tablas Hills, Paso Robles Red Wine, Cuvee Rouge, 1995 Grenache, Syrah, Mourvedre blend, ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 ounces prawns, shelled and deveined, 2 ounces tofu, cubed, 1ounce cabbage, chopped, 1ounce tomato, diced, 1 egg, 5 ounces egg noodles, cook al dente, 2 ounces bean sprouts, 1 tablespoon tomato ketchup, 12 tablespoon siracha chili sauce, or to taste, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, Dash ground white pepper, Lemon wedges], title: Mee Goreng, picturelink: null}, 42023: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSplit the rolls in half. Divide the ham among the bottom halves. Top each biscuit with a thin slice of Brie cheese and a sprinkling of baby arugula. Spread the top halves with some jam, and then sandwich together the halves to serve., ingredients: [8 potato rolls, 8 slices honeyglazed ham, 8 slices Brie, 1 small handful baby arugula, Strawberry jam, for spreading], title: Honey Glazed Ham Sandwiches, picturelink: 0oKK4AMn9HMMxCUJ6jR5p5aa0deP4lm}, 42024: {instructions: In a blender, combine the peppers, vinegar, garlic, saffron, honey, and mustard and blend for 30 seconds. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until it emulsifies. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Yield: about 1 12 cupsnCombine the ancho powder, paprika, garlic, and 13 cup of the olive oil in a mixing bowl and mix well. Set aside. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason both sides of the tenderloin to taste with salt and pepper. Spread a thin layer of tapenade down the center, fold each side over the filling, and tie with butchers twine. Coat with the reserved ancho mixture.nHeat the remaining 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large saute pan over medium to high heat until almost smoking and sear the pork on all sides. Place in a baking dish and roast until the outside is crusty and the meat is firm to the touch, about 10 minutes.nLet the tenderloin rest for 10 minutes, then slice. Spoon the charred yellow pepper sauce onto a serving platter and top with the pork slices.nPlace the pine nuts, olives, garlic, anchovies, and the oil in a food processor and blend until the mixture is thick but still has texture. Season to taste with salt and pepper. May be refrigerated up to 3 days. Use at room temperature., ingredients: [Salt and pepper, 2 yellow bell peppers, charred on the grill, needed and coarsely chopped you can also char the peppers over a stove burner or under the broiler, Salt and pepper, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 6 roasted garlic cloves, Pinch saffron threads, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 34 cup pure olive oil, 1 cup ancho chile powder available at Hispanic and specialty markets, 12 cup paprika, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 13 cup plus 3 tablespoons pure olive oil, 2 pork tenderloins, 2 pounds each, butterflied, Salt and pepper, Black olive tapenade, recipe follows, Charred yellow pepper sauce, recipe above, 3 tablespoon pine nuts, 1 12 cups pitted, nicoise olives, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 3 anchovy fillets, 14 cup pure olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: OvenRoasted Pork Tenderloin with Black Olive Tapenade and Charred Yellow Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42025: {instructions: Dough:nSprinkle the yeast and sugar in the lukewarm water, let sit until yeast bubbles up approximately 5 minutes. Add 3 12 cups of the flour and salt. Mix the dough and knead until smooth. Add more flour, if needed. Make into a ball. Put into a bowl, cover and let dough rise and double in volume, about 45 minutes.nPizza Sauce:nMix all ingredients together in a bowl. Put aside until pizza dough is ready.nCheese Topping:nToss cheeses together.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nOnce dough is risen, cut into 2 pieces and roll out to desired sizes. Top with sauce, cheese and your favorite toppings. Bake for 20 minutes, until crust is a golden brown., ingredients: [2 packages cake or dry yeast, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups lukewarm water, 3 12 to 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup olive oil, 4 cups ground pear tomatoes, 12 cup ground onions, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 rablespoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 12 pound mozzarella, grated, 12 pound Jack cheese, grated], title: World Famous Mama Marias Bootlegger Pizza, picturelink: null}, 42026: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a small baking sheet or plate with parchment paper. Portion the nacho cheese dip into 6 equal portions using a small ice cream scoop and place onto the prepared baking sheet. Freeze for at least 4 hours, or you can do this step the day before and freeze overnight.nWhen ready to make the burgers, preheat a grill or grill pan to medium high.nAdd the beef into a large bowl and sprinkle on the chiles, sambal, 2 teaspoons salt and a few hefty grinds of black pepper. Gently mix with your less dominate hand until just combined. Divide the mixture into 6 equal portions. Take 1 portion and flatten slightly. Add 1 portion of the frozen nacho cheese to the center of the patty and wrap the edges up and around, pinching to cover. Repeat with the remaining portions.nAdd the burgers to the grill over direct heat and cook until the burgers easily release from the grill, about 4 minutes. Then, gently flip and cook the burgers on the other side just 2 minutes more. Transfer the burgers to a serving platter and allow to cool slightly while grilling the buns.nBrush the cut side of each bun with some of the melted butter. Grill the buns butteredside down until golden and toasted.nSprinkle the avocado slices with the lime juice and a sprinkle of salt. In a large bowl, whisk together the hot sauce with the confectioners sugar until dissolved, then add the lettuce and toss to coat.nBuild the burgers by starting with a bottom bun, then add a slice of pepper Jack cheese, a burger, avocado slices, a mound of dressed lettuce and a top bun. Repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [4 ounces nacho cheese dip, 2 pounds ground sirloin 8515, One 4ounce can diced green chiles, drained, 1 tablespoon sambal or Thai chili sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 hamburger buns, 4 tablespoons 14 cup salted butter, melted, 2 avocados, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons hot sauce I prefer Franks RedHot here, 1 teaspoon confectioners sugar, 1 heart romaine lettuce, finely sliced so it resembles grass in an Easter egg basket, 6 slices pepper Jack cheese], title: Sunnys Diablo Diablo Diablo Burger, picturelink: hiMfn2EIzzk8cBDn5Y4GiaSrXhRBjuu}, 42027: {instructions: Special equipment: Wooden sticksnClean apples. Place a wooden stick in the center of the apple. Set aside. Place the candy corn and licorice in separate bowls.nPlace the water, sugar, and corn syrup in a clean 3quart saucepot. Stir to form wet sand.nPlace on medium flame until the sugar boils at that point increase the heat to high. Occasionally, wash sides of pot with cold water and a brush, if needed, to prevent crystallization. Cook on high heat to 283 degrees F. Add red food coloring and swirl around in the pot do not stir. Continue to cook to 300 degrees F. Remove from the heat and let rest for 3 minutes.nDip the apple on an angle, rotating the apple clockwise, to coat the apple. Immediately roll the apple in candy corn or licorice. Set aside to cool., ingredients: [Wooden sticks, 6 Fuji or Granny Smith apples, 1 bag candy corn, 1 bag licorice bits, 1 12 cups water, 4 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 18 cups corn syrup, 34 teaspoon red food coloring], title: Candy Apples, picturelink: null}, 42028: {instructions: Cook the rice u00bf 1 part rice to 2 parts water. This can be done in a rice cooker, steamer, or pot according to package directions. When rice is cooked, spread the rice on a large baking sheet and sprinkle with sushi vinegar. Mix well, but do not break the rice grains. Chill the rice to room temperature.nHeat a deep fryer or a large pot halfway filled with oil to 360 degrees F.nSeason the shrimps with salt, dust them with flour, and roll them in eggs then in panko. Fry the breaded shrimps to golden brown. Remove to a paper towel lined plate.nPlace the nori on a cutting board, spread sushi rice on the back side non glossy side, sprinkle black sesame seeds over rice. Place the rice side down on a bamboo mat that has been covered with plastic wrap. Place 2 shrimps, 2 strips of avocado, strip of cucumber and some wasabi on the center. Roll. good luck Cut the roll in to 8 pieces this you need better than just good luck.nPour Sesame Ginger sauce on serving plate, then place sushi over the sauce. Sprinkle the sauce with some crushed red pepper flakes.nAdd all the ingredients in a blender. Blend on high until all solids turn liquid., ingredients: [2 cups Japanese rice, Sushi vinegar, 8 large shrimps, peeled, cleaned, tailon and pressed by hand to make them straight., Salt, Flour, 2 eggs, beaten, Panko Japanese bread crumbs, 4 large sheets of nori cut 23 size, Black sesame seeds, 1 avocado, cut in 8 strips, 12 hot house cucumber, peeled, seeded and cut into 4 long strips the length of nori, Wasabi paste, Ginger Sauce, recipe follows, Red pepper flakes, for garnish, 2 golf ballsize ginger pieces, peeled and sliced, 4 tablespoon roasted sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, 4 tablespoons sushi vinegar, 2 to 4 tablespoons water, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Crunchy Shrimp Roll with Ginger Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42029: {instructions: Make the knots: Put the melted butter in a bowl. Whisk the granulated sugar and espresso powder in another bowl.nButter a 12cup muffin pan. Divide the dough into 12 pieces roll each piece into an 8to9inch rope. Dip 1 piece of dough in the butter, letting the excess drip off, then roll in the espresso sugar. Tie the dough into a knot. Place in a muffin cup with one end of the knot facing up. Repeat with the remaining dough. Let rise, uncovered, in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour, 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the knots until puffed and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool 10 minutes in the pan.nMeanwhile, make the glazes: Whisk 1 cup confectioners sugar and the espresso powder in a medium bowl add 14 cup heavy cream and whisk until smooth, adding more cream if necessary. In a small bowl, whisk the remaining 14 cup confectioners sugar with the remaining 2 tablespoons cream until smooth. Transfer the white glaze to a resealable plastic bag.nRemove the knots from the pan and dip the tops in the espresso glaze let set 5 minutes. Snip a small corner of the bag with the white glaze and pipe over the knots.nWarm 12 cup water and the milk in a saucepan over low heat until a thermometer registers 100 degrees F to 110 degrees F. Remove from the heat and sprinkle the yeast on top, then sprinkle with a pinch of the sugar set aside, undisturbed, until foamy, about 5 minutes.nWhisk the melted butter, egg yolk and vanilla into the yeast mixture until combined. In a large bowl, whisk the flour, the remaining sugar, the salt and nutmeg. Make a well in the center, then add the yeast mixture and stir with a wooden spoon to make a thick and slightly sticky dough. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until soft and elastic, about 6 minutes. Shape into a ball.nBrush a large bowl with butter. Add the dough, turning to coat lightly with the butter. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature until the dough is doubled in size, about 1 hour, 15 minutes.nTurn the dough out of the bowl and knead briefly to release excess air reform into a ball and return to the bowl. Lightly butter a large piece of plastic wrap and lay it directly on the surface of the dough. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pan, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 1 batch Basic SweetRoll Dough, recipe follows, without nutmeg, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, plus more if needed, 12 cup whole milk, 1 14 ounce packet active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 14 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, plus more for brushing, 1 large egg yolk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg optional], title: Cappuccino Knots, picturelink: VazNixTLX9ZGlYTtXSqWcj5cmIArSO}, 42030: {instructions: Lay 6 tortillas on a work surface. Divide the cheese among the tortillas. Its best to leave about an inch border on the edge of the tortilla uncovered to allow for the spread of the melting cheese. Top with remaining tortillas and press gently to seal. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a small skillet. Carefully place a quesadilla in the skillet and fry, turning once, until golden and little bubbles appear on both sides, about 4 to 5 minutes total. Repeat with the remaining quesadillas, wiping out the pan between batches if the butter burns, and adding more butter, as needed.nWhile the quesadillas cook make the salsa: Halve the tomatoes and grate them on the largest holes of a box grater into a bowl, discarding the skins. Grate the onion into the tomato, and stir in the cilantro, hot sauce, and salt, to taste.nCut each quesadilla into 4 wedges with a pizza wheel or knife and serve with the salsa and avocado., ingredients: [Twelve 5inch corn tortillas, 12 pound Cheddar, Monterey Jack or Colby cheese, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 pound vineripened tomatoes about 2 tomatoes, 14 small red onion, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Hot sauce such as chipotle or Mexican green chili sauce to taste about 12 teaspoon, Kosher salt, 1 Hass avocado, halved, seeded, and sliced], title: Cheese Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 42031: {instructions: Heat oil to 365 degrees F in a heavy medium saucepan. Carefully add the plantains, in batches as necessary, and fry until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a paper towellined plate to drain. Immediately sprinkle with salt and cilantro, if desired., ingredients: [4 cups vegetable oil, 4 ripe plantains, peeled and cut on the bias into 12inch thick slices, Salt, Finely chopped cilantro, optional], title: Fried Plantains, picturelink: null}, 42032: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Stir together the beans, oregano and 1 cup cheese in a bowl. Add the chicken, season with pepper and stir until evenly combined.nStir the salsa together with 1 cup water in a bowl, then transfer 1 cup to cover the bottom of a 13 by9inch baking dish. Stack the tortillas, wrap them in damp paper towels and microwave until warm and pliable, about 15 seconds.nArrange the tortillas on a workspace, then divide the chicken filling among the tortillas about 14cup filling per tortilla. Roll the tortillas up like a cigar, then transfer them to the baking dish seamside down, positioning the rolls so that the dish is filled evenly. Press the rolls gently with your hands so they begin to soak the sauce up. Pour the remaining salsa mixture over the rolled tortillas, then sprinkle with the remaining 2 cups cheese.nBake the enchiladas until the cheese melts and the enchiladas are hot in the center, about 30 minutes. Serve hot with sour cream and pickled jalapenos., ingredients: [One 15ounce can refried beans about 1 cup, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 ounces 3 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 12 rotisserie chicken, meat shredded about 2 14 cups, bones and skin discarded, Freshly ground black pepper, One 16ounce jar mediumspicy tomato salsa, Twelve 6inch corn tortillas, Sour cream and pickled jalapenos, for serving], title: Shortcut Chicken Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 42033: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the sweet potato fries on a foillined baking sheet and toss with the olive oil. Bake until golden, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile combine the basil, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. In another small bowl combine the mayonnaise, garlic, and lemon juice, and stir to combine.nWhen the sweet potato fries come out of the oven, sprinkle with the basil salt. Serve with the garlic mayonnaise alongside for dipping., ingredients: [5 sweet potatoes, cut into about 1 by 5inch fries, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Sweet Potato Fries with Basil Salt and Garlic Mayonnaise, picturelink: zzqJrdXeixjkpLjujiE1JFZpYhQtpMe}, 42034: {instructions: For the chili oil: Bring the chilies and oil to a simmer in a small saucepan remove from the heat and let the peppers steep in the oil for at least an hour or until the dough has risen and youre ready to make the pizzas. This can be done way in advance.nFor the dough: In a small bowl, add 12 cup warm water if the water is too hot the yeast will die and if the water is too cold the yeast will not activate. Add the dry yeast and sugar, stir to combine and let sit for 15 minutes. The top of the water will bubble and it will smell very yeasty this is what you want.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the flour and salt. Make a well in the center of the flour and add the olive oil and the yeastwater mixture. Using a fork, gradually stir the flour into the yeastwater mix. Once most of the flour has combined, turn the dough out to a smooth, clean work surface dusted with flour and use your hands to knead the dough to a smooth consistency.nLightly coat the mixing bowl with oil, return the dough to the bowl, cover with plastic wrap and set in a warm place until the dough has doubled in size, at least 1 hour.nFor the pizza topping: Coat a large saute pan with oil, add the sausage and bring to medium heat. Cook the sausage until brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and reserve.nWhile the sausage cooks, mix together in a medium bowl the ricotta, ParmigianoReggiano and oregano.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F and preheat a grill.nWhen the dough is ready, portion it into six golfballsize pieces. If youre not using the dough right away, wrap each ball individually in plastic and refrigerate until ready to use. Dust a work surface with flour and roll each piece of dough into a rectangle or whatever shape you like I like irregular shapes.nBrush the grill with oil and arrange each piece of dough on the grill you might need to work in batches here. Grill until the dough is stiff and crisp and has lovely grill marks on it, then flip and repeat on the second side, moving occasionally so the bottom doesnt burn.nPut the pizzas on baking sheets, smear each with some of the ricotta mixture, top with sausage and put as many pizzas as will comfortably fit in the oven bake until the cheese has melted, 3 to 4 minutes. Again, you may have to work in batches. Remove the pizzas from the oven, top with arugula and drizzle with the deliciously spicy chili oil, ingredients: [5 to 6 Fresno chili peppers, roughly chopped, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for coating bowl and grill, Extravirgin olive oil, for coating pan, 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 cup ricotta, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 sprig fresh oregano, leaves removed and gently chopped, 1 bunch of arugula, trimmed], title: Grilled Pizzetta with Ricotta, Sausage, Arugula and Chili Oil, picturelink: tygQ0aec2vqfCMNh6iEDRFalndrvgi}, 42035: {instructions: Melt butter in sauce pan and cook diced peppers over medium heat for 4 minutes. Stir in corn and water. Cover and cook for 68 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve, ingredients: [2 tablespoons butte r, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 12 green bell pepper, dice, 2 cups frozen corn, 14 cup water, Salt, Pepper], title: Confetti Corn, picturelink: YZ71IihwwmANZt61UnhXO9S0CIMqxJ.}, 42036: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 6 ovenproof soup bowlsnMelt the butter together with the olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat, then add the white and red onions, leeks, garlic, bay leaves, thyme and salt and pepper to taste, and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until all the onions are caramelized, about 30 minutes.nAdd the sherry and cook until reduced by half, 10 to 15 minutes. Discard the bay leaves and thyme sprigs. Add the beef stock, bring to a simmer and cook 15 minutes. Taste and adjust the salt and pepper as desired.nPreheat the broiler. Add the baguette toasts to each soup bowl and ladle soup over the top they will rise to the top. Top each toast with the cheese and broil until the cheese browns, about 30 seconds., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 white onion, sliced, 1 red onion, sliced, 2 leeks, white parts only, sliced and washed, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 bay leaves, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Kosher salt and cafegrind black pepper, 1 cup cream sherry, such as Harveys Bristol Cream, 2 quarts goodquality beef stock, 1 dayold baguette, sliced 12inch thick, toasted, 4 ounces grated Gruyere cheese], title: Classic French Onion Soup, picturelink: TbdAyZ1NU1wjPeygFcG8U3tqZTlnH6}, 42037: {instructions: Cut the large tomatoes in thick slices and the small ones in wedges. Arrange the tomatoes on a platter and sprinkle generously with sea salt.nDrizzle red wine vinegar all over the tomatoes.nUsing scissors, clip the tarragon leaves over the salad, sprinkle with pepper and drizzle with more red wine vinegar. Allow to sit for 10 minutes and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [6 heirloom tomatoes, assorted sizes and colors, Sea salt, Red wine vinegar, Bunch of tarragon, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Heirloom Tomatoes with Tarragon, picturelink: c.nFmH3CJrj8skIv7tSyTE1WmvnLV7i}, 42038: {instructions: Combine first five ingredients, salt and freshly ground black pepper together in a mixing bowl and stir well until evenly combined. Transfer mixture into a disposable piping bag fitted with a star tip.nLay out crackers or chips and pipe a round rosette of goat cheese mixture onto each one. Top rosette with a small sprig of fresh dill. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large log fresh goat cheese, room temperature, 1 Tbs. chopped fresh dill, 1 Tbs. chopped fresh parsley, 1 tsp. chopped fresh oregano, 2 Tbs. extra virgin olive oil, salt and pepper to taste, more fresh dill for garnish, storebought flatbread crackers or pita chips], title: Herbed Goat Cheese on Flat Bread, picturelink: null}, 42039: {instructions: Pile up 2 or 3 layers of paper towels on a work surface. Working on the paper towels, shred zucchinis using a box grater holding the zucchini at an angle.nHeat a large skillet over moderate heat. Add extravirgin olive oil to the pan Add chopped garlic to the oil. When garlic speaks by sizzling in oil, add shredded zucchini. Season zucchini with salt and pepper. Saute shredded zucchini 7 to 10 minutes. Add hot, drained pasta to the pan. Toss spaghetti with zucchini and garlic oil. Add a couple of handfuls of grated cheese to the pan. Adjust seasoning and serve., ingredients: [2 small to medium zucchini, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound spaghetti, cooked al dente, 12 cup grated Parmigiano or Romano], title: Spaghetti with Zucchini and Garlic, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 42040: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and meat to the pan. Spread the meat around the pan and begin to break it up. Combine brown sugar and steak seasoning. Add sugar and spice mixture to the skillet and combine. When the meat has browned, add onion and red peppers to the skillet. Reduce heat to medium and cook onions, peppers, red wine vinegar and Worcestershire sauce with meat for 5 minutes. Add tomato sauce and paste to pan. Stir to combine. Reduce heat to simmer and cook Sloppy Joe mixture 5 minutes longer. Using a large spoon or ice cream scoop, pile sloppy meat onto toasted, buttered bun bottoms and cover with bun tops. Serve with your favorite sides or sliced tomatoes seasoned with salt and pepper, dill pickles and Deviled Potato Salad. Have plenty of napkins on handnBoil potatoes in water seasoned with coarse salt until they are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain cooked potatoes and return to the warm pot to dry them out. Let the potatoes stand 2 minutes, then spread potatoes out on to a cookie sheet to quickcool them.nIn the bottom of a medium mixing bowl, grate 14 onion using a hand grater. Add mustard and mayonnaise, paprika and cayenne pepper sauce to the grated onion and stir to combine. Add potatoes to the bowl and stir to evenly distribute dressing. Season potato salad with salt and pepper and taste to adjust your seasonings. Top servings of salad with chopped scallions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 14 pounds ground beef sirloin, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons to 1 tablespoon steak seasoning blend, such as McCormick brand Montreal Seasoning, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 small red bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 crusty rolls, split, toasted, and lightly buttered, Garnish: sliced ripe tomatoes, pickles, Deviled Potato Salad, recipe follows, 5 allpurpose potatoes, peeled and diced, Coarse salt, 14 onion, 3 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard, 12 cup mayonnaise, eyeball the amount, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon hot cayenne pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco or Franks Red Hot, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, for garnish], title: Super Sloppy Joes, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 42041: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Add some salt and then the macaroni. Cook to al dente according to the package directions. Drain and hold until the cheese sauce is ready.nHeat the oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the red onions and cook, covered, until soft, a couple of minutes. Add the garlic and bell peppers and cook an additional 2 to 5 minutes, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add the ground beef and sprinkle with salt and pepper cook until browned, stirring to break up the beef into small pieces. Add the chili powder, cumin, paprika and oregano, and cook until the spices are fragrant. Add the beans and their liquid, the tomatoes and their juices, and the tomato paste simmer for 5 to 10 minutes.nIn a separate saucepot, melt the butter over low heat. Add the flour and cook, whisking, for 1 minute. Whisk in the milk, raise the heat to high, and bring the mixture to a boil cook, whisking, until thickened. Removing from the heat and whisk in the cream cheese, Cheddar, mustard, Worcestershire and some salt and pepper. Pour the pasta into the cheese sauce and stir to combine.nMix the chili into the macaroni and cheese. Transfer to a serving bowl and top with additional Cheddar and the green onions. Serve with corn chips., ingredients: [Kosher salt and black pepper, 2 cups 8 ounces macaroni, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 small red onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 red bell pepper, chopped, 8 ounces lean ground beef, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons cumin, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, One 15ounce can kidney beans, undrained, One 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, undrained, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 4 ounces cream cheese, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, plus extra for garnish, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 3 green onions, chopped, Corn chips, such as Tostitos Scoops, for serving], title: Chili Mac and Cheese, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 42042: {instructions: Cook the potatoes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the potatoes in a roasting pan and drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and stir to evenly coat the potatoes. Roast for 30 to 35 minutes, until the potatoes are soft. Remove from the oven and allow to cool slightly. While the potatoes are still warm, gently press down on each one with the back of a pan or the side of a knife so it flattens to about 34 inch but stays intact its okay if the edges crack a bit, as they will get extra crisp when fried. Heat about 4 inches of canola oil in a heavy pot over medium heat. Once the oil reaches 350 degrees F, fry the crushed potatoes, in batches, for 5 to 6 minutes, until they become golden and crunchy. Drain on paper towels and season with salt.nMake the vodka creme fraiche: Combine the creme fraiche and vodka in a mixing bowl and whisk vigorously to whip and combine. Season lightly with salt. Refrigerate until ready to use.nPrepare the toppings: Carefully flake the trout fillets into small bitesize pieces. Fry the shallots: Separate the shallot slices into rings. Lightly dredge the rings in the flour. In a saute pan, heat 12 inch of olive oil to 350 degrees F. Fry the shallots for 2 to 3 minutes, until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and immediately season with kosher salt. To assemble, place a small dollop of vodka creme fraiche on each piece of potato and top it with a piece of trout. Garnish with the radish sprouts, chives and fried shallots. Season with fleur de sel and drizzle with a little extravirgin olive oil.nPhotographs by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 12 pounds baby creamer potatoes in assorted colors, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Canola oil, for deep frying, 1 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons vodka, 8 to 10 ounces smoked trout, bones removed, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Olive oil, for shallow frying, Radish sprouts, Chopped fresh chives, Fleur de sel, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Smoked Trout, Vodka Creme Fraiche and Crispy Potatoes, picturelink: Cu37vK2SZnfHdbd51bMei6Ag.PjkxQG}, 42043: {instructions: Heat a castiron skillet over medium heat, add bacon slices and fry, turning once, until lightly crisped and browned. Drain on paper towels. In a broiler pan lightly toast one side of loaf bread until golden. Spread mayonnaise on untoasted sides. Choose tender inner leaves of romaine, stack them on one side of toast and top with a few slices of tomato. Drape bacon over and top with second slice of bread. Serve with iced tea with mint., ingredients: [4 to 6 thick slices bacon, 2 slices white loaf bread, Mayonnaise, Romaine lettuce, Tomatoes], title: Ultimate Blt, picturelink: null}, 42044: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to broil.nBrush the chicken all over with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Broil for 10 minutes flip the pieces and broil until cooked a little less than medium well, another 10 minutes.nWhen ready to finish the chicken, prepare a grill for high heat.nGrill the chicken until the skin is crispy and has a good char, no more than 5 minutes per side the center of the breasts should register 165 degrees F., ingredients: [6 pieces chicken, a combination of breasts and thighs skin on, bone in, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: MakeAhead Grilled Chicken, picturelink: dZtXZYlgMT0OEbttNL11sHhZT5toLE2}, 42045: {instructions: Prepare a charcoal or gas grill, arranging the coals for indirect cooking. Lightly spray the grill rack with cooking spray. The coals should be moderately hot to hot.nRemove the outer leaves of the head of cabbage. Cut into quarters, leaving the core intact. Trim the ends, and place on cooler part of grill. Cook, turning often, until cabbage is forktender and golden, 10 to 12 minutes.nTrim the endive, and cut in half lengthwise, leaving core intact. Drizzle with olive oil and lemon juice. Rub with garlic, and season with salt and pepper. Place on grill, and cook, turning often, until forktender, about 10 minutes.nPlace the whole eggplants on the prepared grill over indirect heat. Season with salt and pepper. Cook, turning often, until the eggplant is tender and soft, about 25 minutes.nCombine all the grilled vegetables in a large serving bowl, and serve warm., ingredients: [1 head cabbage, 3 heads Belgian endive, 12 cup olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggplants, Vegetableoil cooking spray], title: Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 42046: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the eggs in a pot and cover with water by 1inch and bring to a boil over medium heat. Turn off the heat, cover and let sit in the hot water for 15 minutes. Immediately, drain and rinse under cold water. Peel the eggs, slice in half lengthwise and remove yolks to a bowl. Add the mayonnaise, mustard, lemon zest and pickled jalapenos to the yolks, using a fork to mash together and incorporate. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Scoop the filling into the egg white pockets of each egg and sprinkle with onions and smoked paprika. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [6 eggs, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 lemon, zested, 2 teaspoons chopped pickled jalapenos, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped frenchfried onions recommended: Frenchs, Smoked paprika, for garnish], title: Sunnys Deviled Eggs, picturelink: v5pjhQw01Lm329MptmH.K9LandwQ6ZC}, 42047: {instructions: Puree 2 tablespoons peanut butter, 1 garlic clove, the juice of 1 lemon and some fresh oregano in a blender. Blend in 3 tablespoons each olive oil and water add salt and pepper. Brush 2 thinly sliced eggplants with olive oil, season with salt and pepper and grill 3 minutes per side. Top with the peanut dressing, more oregano and red pepper flakes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Eggplant with Peanut Dressing, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 42048: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the cider, wine, honey, cinnamon sticks, zest, juice, cloves and star anise in a large saucepan, bring to a boil and simmer over low heat for 10 minutes. Pour into mugs, add an orange peel to each and serve., ingredients: [4 cups apple cider, 1 750ml bottle red wine, such as Cabernet Sauvignon, 14 cup honey, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 4 whole cloves, 3 star anise, 4 oranges, peeled, for garnish], title: Mulled Wine, picturelink: MJaqssfxtmjvu8iObdi01hbJYIKdQXG}, 42049: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 wooden skewers, soaked in water for 1 hournFor the pork: Place 4 to 5 pieces cubed pork onto each skewer and continue until all the pork has been skewered. Place on a sheet tray.nTo make the marinade, mix the teriyaki sauce, sweet chile paste, red pepper flakes, habanero and brown sugar in a bowl until well combined. Take 14 cup of the marinade and baste each skewer. Put the skewers in a plastic bag and marinate for 2 to 3 hours, or up to overnight. Save the rest of the marinade as a basting sauce for grilling.nWhile the pork is marinating, make the rice vinegar slaw. In a nonreactive bowl, mix the green and red cabbage and the carrots. Let stand until the colors bleed, about 10 minutes. During that time, make the dressing. Whisk together the rice wine vinegar, mayonnaise, mustard, brown sugar, celery seed and salt. Pour over the cabbage mixture and refrigerate for 1 hour.nTo serve: After the pork has marinated, heat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Grill the pork skewers over direct heat for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, painting on the remaining sauce for a nice caramelization. Serve the pork skewers on a bed of the rice vinegar slaw and extra sauce for dipping., ingredients: [1 1 12pound pork butt, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 cup teriyaki sauce, 12 head green cabbage, sliced, 14 head red cabbage, sliced, 14 cup shredded carrots, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 cup sweet chile paste, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 1 habanero, minced keep the seeds in if you want it super spicy, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 3 tablespoons salt], title: Hot Asian Pork Skewers with Rice Vinegar Slaw, picturelink: null}, 42050: {instructions: Place ham in a large roasting pan and bake as directed on the wrapping, about 18 minutes per pound. Combine remaining ingredients, in a small bowl and stir until smooth. Remove the ham from the oven and score the skin in a diamond pattern. Spoon the glaze over, spreading to coat completely. Return the ham to the oven and bake for about 30 minutes longer.nChefs Note: To make really special, take small can pineapple rings, drain syrup and place pineapple rings on top of the glazed ham. Secure the pineapple to the ham with wooden cocktail sticks. Then take small jar of cocktail cherries and place 1 cherry in the center of each pineapple ring and continue to baste with the glaze during the cooking process. This makes a good looking ham for a summer buffet table., ingredients: [1 fully cooked ham, about 7 to 9 pounds, 1 20ounce jar peach preserves, 1 12 tablespoons Creole mustard, spicy mustard, or Dijon, 2 tablespoons peach liqueur Schnapps or peach nectar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Dash cinnamon], title: Peach Glazed Ham, picturelink: null}, 42051: {instructions: To make a chocolate soda, pour 3 tablespoons chocolate syrup into the bottom of a tall glass or plastic cup. Add soda 23 up glass and stir well. Drop in a few scoops of vanilla or chocolate ice cream and serve with a straw and a long handled spoon.nTo make a vanilla soda, mix 2 teaspoons vanilla extract with 12 cup cream in the bottom of a tall glass or plastic cup. Add soda 23 up glass and stir well. Drop in a few scoops of vanilla ice cream and serve with a straw and spoon. For a strawberry soda, use strawberry ice cream.nFor the works, pour 3 tablespoons of chocolate syrup in the bottom of a tall glass or plastic cup, add 2 teaspoons vanilla and 12 cup cream, then pour in soda 23 up glass and stir well. Drop in a few scoops of ice cream of choice and serve with a straw and spoon., ingredients: [1 bottle chocolate syrup, 1 to 2 quarts club soda, Ice cream of choice, Vanilla extract, 1 to 2 pints heavy cream], title: OntheSpot Ice Cream Sodas, picturelink: null}, 42052: {instructions: To fry the fish: Fill a large heavy bottomed pot about 13 full of peanut oil. Heat to 375 degrees F. While the oil is heating, put the breadcrumbs into a shallow dish. Break the eggs into another shallow dish, season with salt and pepper, and beat them with 2 tablespoons of water. Cut the fish into 1inch wide strips. Dip them into the egg, then coat them well with the breadcrumbs. Set aside and let them rest for 10 minutes. Cook the fish a few pieces at a time until golden brown and cooked through, about 3 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nTo make the tacos: Heat a dry cast iron skillet over medium heat. Warm a corn tortilla in the pan until it softens, about 30 seconds. Place a fish strip on it, top with some of the shredded cabbage, and a big dollop of Pink Chili Mayo. Squeeze on some lime juice, roll up, and eatnPut the mayonnaise, sour cream, peppers, and lime juice in a blender and process to a puree. Refrigerate the mayo for 12 hour to let the flavors to blend taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nYield: 8 servings, ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 3 eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds halibut, snapper, or other firm flesh white fish, 8 corn tortillas, 12 head napa cabbage, shredded, Pink Chili Mayo, recipe follows, Lime wedges, for garnish, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 1 12 cups sour cream, 2 canned chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, Juice 12 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Crispy Fish Tacos, picturelink: null}, 42053: {instructions: Place the fondant in a saucepan placed over medium heat. Warm the fondant with a few drops of water so the fondant will become soft, like the consistency of royal icing. Insert a candy thermometer and heat to 140 degrees F. Stir in a few drops of mint extract, to taste. Stir in a drop or 2 of green food color, to your taste for color. Place the fondant in a cornet and use a scissors to cut off the tip. Pipe the fondant in small rounds onto a parchment paper lined baking pan. Let the candies cool until they are hard, about 30 minutes.nUse a chocolate dipping fork to dip each candy in the tempered dark chocolate. Place back on a parchment lined baking sheet. When cool, the candies are ready to eat. The invertose will cause the fondant consistency to change over time. The inside will become the consistency of honey.nSOURCES:nInvertosenChocolate melter: demarle, ingredients: [1 pound fondant, storebought, 2 to 3 drops mint extract, to taste, Powdered food coloring, as desired, 12 teaspoon invertase, 1 pound bittersweet chocolate, tempered], title: Mini Mint Patties, picturelink: null}, 42054: {instructions: On a flour tortilla, place all ingredients, in the order listed. Begin rollingup tightly, folding top and bottom in and over the ingredients to form a sealed envelope., ingredients: [1 12inch flour tortilla, 2 steamed, premium allbeef hot dogs, 2 slices American cheese, 13 cup chili, 3 slices crispy bacon, 2 tablespoons diced onions], title: Pinks Bacon Burrito Dog, picturelink: null}, 42055: {instructions: This salad is known and loved around the world. Those of you whove been lucky enough to eat this salad in Greece will know that when its made well its absolute heaven. Hopefully this recipe will help you achieve the big bold authentic flavours that its known for. The trick is to pay attention to the small details that make it so wonderful: things like finding the ripest tomatoes, good Greek olive oil, beautiful olives, creamy feta, and lovely herbs.nI think its quite nice to have different shapes and sizes in a salad, so cut your medium tomato into wedges, halve the cherry tomatoes, and slice the beef tomato into large rounds. Put all the tomatoes into a large salad bowl.nSlice the onion very finely so its wafer thin and add to the tomatoes. Scratch a fork down the sides of the cucumber so it leaves deep grooves in the skin, then cut it into thick slices.nDeseed your pepper, slice it into rings and add them to the salad along with the cucumber.nRoughly chop the dill and most of the mint leaves, reserving the smaller ones for garnish. Add the chopped herbs to the bowl of salad, then squeeze your handful of olives over so they season the vegetables, then drop them in.nAdd a pinch of salt, the vinegar, and extravirgin olive oil. Quickly toss everything together with your hands. The minute all those flavours start working with the vegetables is when the magic starts to happen. Have a taste, and adjust the flavours if need be.nTo serve, pop the block of feta right on the top of the salad. Sprinkle the oregano over the top along with the reserved mint leaves, drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and take it straight to the table. Its confident and scruffy with a bit of attitude. Delicious.nCooks Note: Ive been known to pop leftover Greek salad into a liquidizer with a splash of extravirgin olive oil and a few ice cubes, then blitz it up to a smooth consistency so its basically a Greek gazpacho. Its not a classic thing to do, but it is very delicious, not to mention a great way of using up leftovers, ingredients: [1 medium ripe tomato, 7 ounces200 g ripe cherry tomatoes, 1 beef tomato, 1 medium red onion, peeled, 1 cucumber, 1 green pepper, A handful fresh dill, A handful fresh mint leaves, A large handful black olives, pitted or stoned, Sea salt, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons goodquality Greek extravirgin olive oil, 7 ounces200 g block feta cheese, 1 teaspoon dried oregano], title: Greek Salad, picturelink: null}, 42056: {instructions: Preheat broiler to high and position rack to highest level.nWash, pat dry, and place all berries in a saute pan that fits them tightly in 1 layer and can also be used for serving. Sprinkle berries with 1 tablespoon sugar substitute, and then cover them with a thick, even layer of sour cream, letting the berries peek out around the edges of the pan. Sprinkle the remaining 14 cup sugar substitute evenly over the top, and then sprinkle the brown sugar substitute over top.nPlace the pan as close under the broiler as you can while keeping the oven door open and the handle of the pan sticking out. The berries only need to be warmed and the sugar substitute glazed. Broil for 2 to 3 minutes, or until just caramelized, watching carefully the whole time. Serve warm as you would a cobbler, and garnish with fresh mint., ingredients: [12 pint fresh raspberries, 12 pint fresh blackberries, 12 pint fresh strawberries, cut into quarters, 12 pint fresh blueberries, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon brown sugar substitute recommended: Sugar Twin, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Low Carb Gratin of Fresh Berries, picturelink: null}, 42057: {instructions: Preheat grill pan or large heavy skillet over medium high to high heat.nIn a food processor, combine parsley, mint, garlic, almonds, cumin, coriander and pulse until mixture is finely chopped. Add a little salt and pepper and vinegar to the processor and turn it back on. Stream in extravirgin olive oil until a sauce forms. Stop processor, taste and adjust seasonings. Transfer to a small bowl using a rubber spatula.nDrizzle chops with extra virgin olive oil, season with salt and pepper and grill for 3 to 5 minutes on each side for medium rare to medium well doneness. Arrange chops around the dipping sauce and serve., ingredients: [1 cup flatleaf parsley tops, 3 handfuls, 14 cup, 6 to 8 sprigs, fresh mint, 1 large clove garlic, 14 cup 2ounce package sliced almonds, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 racks baby lamb have the butcher cut into chops], title: Baby Lamb Chops with Parsley and Mint Pesto Dipping Sauce, picturelink: cnC1yU09c3Fo.qic9dTuDQrg6ojPl2e}, 42058: {instructions: Place whole unpeeled potatoes into a medium saucepan with cold water on medium heat. Bring the potatoes to a boil and cook for 20 to 25 minutes until soft enough to mash. Check with a knife to see if potatoes are cooked through and tender. Once ready drain the potatoes.nWhen cool enough to handle peel each potato and cut into small pieces and pass them through a potato ricer over a medium size bowl. Add the flour, Parmesan, egg yolks, nutmeg, thyme, salt and pepper and mix into a doughy consistency adding more flour as needed. Transfer dough to a well floured surface.nUsing your hands roll pieces of the dough into a rope about 12inch in diameter. With a knife cut the rope into 12 to 34inchlong pieces. Flour the pieces as you cut them placing them on a floured baking sheet tray or lined with wax paper. Once rolled you can place the gnocchi in the refrigerator covered with plastic wrap until ready to cook. When ready to cook place gnocchi in boiling salted water for about 1 to 2 minutes. They will rise to the top when done. Using a slotted spoon remove gnocchi from pot.nFor the saucenIn a skillet add the butter and mushrooms and saute until nicely browned, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the white wine and reduce by half, about 5 minutes. Add the cream and gently simmer for another 2 to 5 minutes. Once the sauce has simmered, add the gnocchi and cook for 2 minutes. Garnish with fresh parsley and grated Parmesan., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Russet potatoes, about 2 large potatoes or 4 small potatoes, 12 cup flour, plus more if needed plus more for dusting, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, 2 egg yolks, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons finely chopped thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cup cremini mushrooms, sliced, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Herb Gnocchi with Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: 8T0HUJP.fKX57cTBS00qj6Cid7tiMV6}, 42059: {instructions: Combine first 7 ingredients in a small bowl. Combine apricots and capers set aside. Trim fat from pork. Cut a 112inchwide horizontal slit into the end of pork cut through to the other end of pork to form a deep pocket using a long, thin knife. Spoon apricot mixture into pocket pack using the handle of a wooden spoon. Rub surface of pork with cumin mixture. Place pork on a broiler pan coated with cooking spray. Insert meat thermometer into thickest portion of pork. Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour and 55 minutes or until thermometer registers 160 degrees slightly pink., ingredients: [1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon fivespice powder, 12 teaspoon ground red pepper, 1 13 cups finely chopped dried apricots, 6ounce package, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 3pound boned pork loin roast, Nonstick cooking spray], title: ApricotStuffed SpiceRubbed Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 42060: {instructions: In a large nonreactive bowl, add the yogurt, adobo sauce, lime zest, juice, cilantro and season well with salt and pepper. Toss in the cabbage and onions and toss well to combine. Taste again for seasoning.nTo compose the taco, lay a couple of pieces of fish in the center of each tortilla. Pile the coleslaw on top of the fish and fold the edges of the tortilla inwards.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Prepare a baking sheet with foil and spray with canola oil.nIn a shallow pie plate or dish, mix the flour, garlic powder, paprika and 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, stirring well to combine. Add the beaten egg whites to another pie plate or dish and then add the panko to another pie plate or dish. Sprinkle the fish, flour, egg whites and panko lightly with salt and pepper and seafood seasoning. Begin by taking 1 piece of fish at a time and dredging first in the flour, then into the egg whites, then the panko and then place it on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining pieces of fish. Spray the tops of the fish sticks with canola oil.nPlace the baking sheet into the oven and cook the fish for 8 minutes, turning once, and continue to cook another 8 minutes. Remove the fish sticks and let cool for 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup lowfat Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons adobo sauce, Zest of 1 lime, Juice of 2 limes, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 head green cabbage, shredded about 6 cups, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 recipe Big Daddys Fish Sticks, 8 whole wheat tortillas, warmed, for serving, Canola oil spray, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, Seafood seasoning, as needed recommended: Old Bay, 3 egg whites, lightly beaten, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 1 pound centercut fish fillet, such as cod or haddock, cut into 16 1ounce pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fish Tacos with Smoky Slaw, picturelink: ahf6rXfQqvk4dToM4aG8IuoBcr3FamK}, 42061: {instructions: Thaw sockeye salmon that has been frozen for at least 1 week. Remove backbone and ribs, but leave the skin. Combine salt, sugar, and pepper in a small dish, then rub into flesh of each fillet, making sure to spread mixture uniformly. Layer dill over 1 fillet, then replace the other fillet on top. Put stacked fillets in a flatbottomed glass or ceramic casserole pan large enough to allow fillets to lie flat. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and place another dish or a clean cutting board about the same size as the fillets, over the top of the fillets. Make sure the dishboard doesnt touch the sides of the lower pan. Place a 3 to 5 pound weight on top to compress fillets. Place in refrigerator to allow a marinade to start forming. Once a day, flip fillets, ensuring both are well soaked in marinade. Replace the plastic wrap and weight, then return to refrigerator. After 4 to 5 days, the process is complete and the gravlachs will be ready. The weight flattens the fillets, and the loss of moisture produces the distinctive firm texture of lox.nThe gravlachs can be eaten right away. Or slice into halves or thirds, wrap securely, and freeze.nTo serve, cut thin slices but leave skin behind. This is generally easiest if the gravlachs is still slightly frozen.nMild MustardDill Sauce: Combine mustard, sugar, and flour, then add enough vinegar to make a thick sauce. Add 1 tablespoon of mixture to mayonnaise, then stir in chopped dill and whipped cream. Present in a small dish with a serving spoon alongside the gravlachs.nServing Suggestions: Serve atop wafer crackers or melbastyle toast with cream cheese, finely chopped onions, capers. For a more traditional twist, serve mild mustarddill sauce., ingredients: [1 frozen Alaska sockeye salmon, 2 tablespoons course kosherstyle salt, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 tablespoon coursecrushed black pepper, Fresh dill, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons wheat flour, White vinegar, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill, 3 tablespoons whipped cream or artificial substitute], title: Gravlachs: Sockeye Salmon ColdCured with Fresh Dill, picturelink: null}, 42062: {instructions: For serving: a peppery green salad with arugula and baby spinachnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish.nTo make the filling, melt the butter in a large pot over mediumhigh heat, then add the onion, carrot, celery and parsnips. Season with salt and pepper and stir them around until the onions start to turn translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the wine and cook for another minute. Sprinkle over the flour and stir it in to incorporate. Cook for a minute or two, but do not let it brown. Add the broth and stir, working out any lumps. Lower the heat to medium and cook until it starts to thicken, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the green beans, thyme and turmeric. Fold in the Shredded Boiled Chicken and cook until heated through. Add the halfandhalf, taste and adjust the seasoning. Add more broth if it is too thick. Pour the hot filling into the prepared baking dish.nBrush the edges of the dish with the egg wash. Lay the pastry over the top, press down the edges and brush the top of the pastry with the egg wash. Cook until the crust is golden brown, about 45 minutes.nYou can also assemble the pie ahead of time. If you are making it ahead, allow the filling to cool, cover and place in the fridge. When you want to cook the pie, brush the edges of the dish with the egg wash, add the filling to the dish, lay the pastry over the top and press down the edges. Brush the pastry with the egg wash and cook at 375 degrees F until the crust is golden brown, about 1 hour.nServe the chicken pie with a peppery salad of arugula and baby spinach.nPour the broth into a large pot and bring to a boil. Add the chicken pieces and bring back to a boil. Turn the heat to medium low and simmer until the chicken is tender, about 45 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the pot and set it aside to cool briefly. Remove the skin and bones and shred the chicken., ingredients: [6 tablespoons salted butter, plus more for buttering the dish, 34 cup finely diced onion, 34 cup finely diced carrot, 34 cup finely diced celery, 34 cup finely diced parsnips, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup white wine, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 4 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, plus more if needed, 34 cup frozen green beans, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 recipe Shredded Boiled Chicken 6 cups, recipe follows, 13 cup halfandhalf or heavy cream, 1 egg mixed with 1 teaspoon water, for the egg wash, 1 sheet thawed frozen puff pasty, Two 1quart cartons chicken broth, 3 chicken breasts, 3 chicken thighs], title: Chicken Pie, picturelink: et7YwlIbP4DxS3dHSNiXXSTH9VAus4K}, 42063: {instructions: Remove the outer leaves of the romaine, reserve for the salad mix. Save the hearts to put the completed salad in. Shred the outer leaves of the lettuce, and add to a mixing bowl with 12 the cheese and all of the remaining ingredients. Season with salt and pepper.nArrange the lettuce hearts on a serving platter. Fill the leaves with some of the salad, and put the rest of the salad in the center of the serving tray., ingredients: [2 heads romaine lettuce, 1 6ounce feta cheese block, soaked in warm water, 1 cup kalamata olives, pitted, 2 green peppers, seeded and julienne, 2 red onion, julienne, 1 bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves only, 6 Roma tomatoes, seeded and small diced, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Greek Salad, picturelink: null}, 42064: {instructions: In a bowl, combine vinegar, chili sauce and season with salt and pepper. Whisk in oil. Stir in scallions and sesame seeds.nHeat grill and lay bok choy pieces on hot grill. Grill 2 to 5 minutes until crisp tender. Dress with vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 heads bok choy, cleaned and sliced into serving pieces, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chili sauce, Salt and pepper, 34 cup vegetable oil, 2 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds], title: Grilled Bok Choy with Spicy Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 42065: {instructions: Season scallops on each side with salt and pepper. In a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil over medium heat until it just reaches the smoking point. Add 8 scallops to the pan, and saute until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Remove from pan to a warm plate. Repeat with remaining scallops.nIn a second skillet, heat 14 cup vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Add capers, and cook until they open, about 1 minute. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nPlace 4 sea scallops on each of the 4 plates. Garnish each plate with 1 tablespoon fried capers, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped herbs, and a wedge of lemon. Serve immediately., ingredients: [16 sea scallops about 1 12 pounds, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup drained capers about 2 ounces, 14 cup mixed chopped herbs, such as parsley, chervil, and basil, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Cooking Fresh Scallops, picturelink: null}, 42066: {instructions: Season beef with salt. Brown beef in hot skillet. Add onions, water, chile paste, tomatoes, sugar. Cover and simmer for 1 hour. Uncover and cook for another 12 hour. Add one can red kidney beans and heat. Water can be added for desired consistency., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup thinly sliced onions, 12 cup boiling water, 3 tablespoons chili powder combined with 3 tablespoons water, 1 can whole peeled tomatoes, chopped, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 can red kidney beans], title: Cattle Drive Chili, picturelink: null}, 42067: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler for 5 minutes and place the oven rack 6 inches below the heat.nCombine the garlic, thyme, rosemary, parsley, and Parmesan and set aside. Carefully crack 3 eggs into each of 2 small bowls or teacups you wont be baking them in these without breaking the yolks. Its very important to have all the eggs ready to go before you start cooking.nPlace 2 individual gratin dishes on a baking sheet. Place 1 tablespoon of cream and 12 tablespoon of butter in each dish and place under the broiler for about 3 minutes, until hot and bubbly. Quickly, but carefully, pour 3 eggs into each gratin dish and sprinkle evenly with the herb mixture, then sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Place back under the broiler for 5 to 6 minutes, until the whites of the eggs are almost cooked. Rotate the baking sheet once if they arent cooking evenly. The eggs will continue to cook after you take them out of the oven. Allow to set for 60 seconds and serve hot with toasted bread., ingredients: [14 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 14 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan, 6 extralarge eggs, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Toasted French bread or brioche, for serving], title: HerbedBaked Eggs, picturelink: V9GclU34nPKf7qewnPjaw5aeXmXh1Ay}, 42068: {instructions: Special equipment: cookie cutters pumpkins, ghosts, black cat, bats and witches, optionalnHeat olive oil in a medium sauce pot over mediumhigh heat. Add fennel, onion, garlic, salt, fennel seed and crushed pepper, if using, and cook until vegetables soften and brown slightly, about 5 minutes. Drain and reserve juice from the tomatoes, then crush tomatoes gently with your hands. Add the tomatoes, increase heat to high, and cook until they begin to brown slightly, about 5 minutes.nAdd the reserved tomato juice, vegetable broth, tomato juice, and basil leaves. Bring to a boil, stir, reduce heat to medium low, cover and cook until vegetables are cooked through and soup reduces and thickens, about 30 minutes.nRemove pot from stove and puree the soup in batches, with an immersion, regular blender, or food processor. Stir in lemon juice and season with pepper to taste. Serve.nToast bread in toaster or toaster oven until slightly crisp, about 5 minutes or less if using a toaster. Spread one side of each slice of bread with apple jelly. Layer the cheese over the apple jelly, top with remaining slice of bread. Cut out as desired. Garnish as desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 fennel bulb, chopped, about 2 12 cups, 12 large onion, chopped, about 1 cup, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 18 to 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, optional, One 28ounce can plum tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, 2 cups homemade vegetable broth or lowsodium canned, 2 cups tomato juice, 6 basil leaves, torn, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Fresh ground black pepper, to taste, Muenster Sammies, recipe follows, Sixteen 3 12inch square slices Westphalian Pumpernickel, or other thin black bread, 12 cup apple jelly, 8 slices Muenster cheese, about 3 ounces, 8 slices yellow Cheddar cheese, about 3 ounces, Dill pickle rounds, Fennel fronds, Spanish olives with pimentos], title: Vampire Blood Tomato Soup with Muenster Sammies, picturelink: baUjmBMN6eMkVuDp0R6V0lrH.0ar4UK}, 42069: {instructions: Special equipment: pressure cookernPut the carrots, onions, dill sprigs, lemon zest and olive oil in a 7liter pressure cooker and sprinkle with salt. Sprinkle the chicken with salt. Pour the broth in the pot, and then nestle the chicken meatside down on top of the vegetables. Close the pressure cooker lid and bring the pressure up to high over mediumhigh heat this can take up to 10 minutes. Adjust the heat if necessary to maintain an even high pressure for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and use the quickrelease method to bring down the pressure.nStir the chopped dill into the chicken stew. Put 1 chicken breast in each of 4 large soup bowls and ladle some carrots and broth over each one., ingredients: [6 large carrots, cut into 1 12inch chunks, 2 large onions, halved and thinly sliced, 4 sprigs fresh dill, plus 2 tablespoons roughly chopped, 4 long strips lemon zest, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 4 bonein chicken breast halves, skin removed 2 12 to 3 pounds, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth or stock], title: ChickeninaPot, picturelink: null}, 42070: {instructions: In a large saucepan, over high heat, bring the apples and water to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 20 minutes or until tender. Remove from the heat and cool. Line a large bowl with dampened cheesecloth. Pour the pulp and juice through the cheesecloth. Gather the corners of the cheesecloth, and tie in a knot. Suspend from a cabinet knob or handle and allow to drip into a bowl overnight. The next day, measure the apple juice and pour into a large pot. Bring the liquid to a boil over high heat and cook until reduced by half. Refrigerate and use within 4 days or pour into containers and freeze for up to 6 months., ingredients: [2 pounds underripe Granny Smith apples, washed and cut into eighths not peeled or cored, 4 cups water], title: Homemade Pectin, picturelink: null}, 42071: {instructions: 1. While the pasta is cooking, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the pan begins to smoke, sautu00e9 the garlic for one minute. Add the ham and continue to sautu00e9 until the ham begins to brown. Finally, add the capers and the peas, sautu00e9 for one more minute.n2. While the skillet is still hot, drain the pasta and add to the ham mixture. Add the lemon zest, juice, salt, pepper, and 2 more tablespoons of olive oil. Sautu00e9 for 12 minutes to let the flavors combine. Remove from heat and toss with herbs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 Cups Cooksu00ae brand Bonein Ham, shredded into mediumsized pieces, 1 pound linguine, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 cup peas, fresh or frozen, thawed, Zest and juice of 2 lemons, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mint, chopped, 1 cup basil, chopped], title: Cooks Ham Linguine, picturelink: J9zjvTfriN.nML3do.uyFt1n0l6q1ie}, 42072: {instructions: Combine the dipping sauce ingredients in a small bowl set aside.nCombine filling ingredients in a medium bowl mix well. To shape each potsticker, place 1 teaspoon of filling in center of a potsticker wrapper. Brush edges of wrapper with water fold wrapper in half, crimping 1 side, to form a semicircle. Pinch edges together to seal. Cover potstickers with a dry towel to prevent drying.nPlace a wide frying pan over medium heat until hot. Add 1 to 12 tablespoons cooking oil, swirling to coat sides. Add potstickers, half at a time, seam side up. Cook until bottoms are golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Add 13 cup water reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until liquid is absorbed, 4 to 5 minutes. Place potstickers, browned side up, on a serving plate keep warm. Cook remaining potstickers with remaining oil and water.nGarnish potstickers with basil. Serve with dipping sauce., ingredients: [13 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon chili garlic sauce, 2 teaspoons black bean garlic sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 pound lobster meat, coarsely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped bamboo shoots, 1 large egg white, 1 tablespoon shredded basil, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 2 teaspoons finely minced ginger, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 30 potsticker wrappers, 3 tablespoons cooking oil, 23 cup water, Basil sprigs, for garnish], title: Lobster Potstickers, picturelink: null}, 42073: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add bok choy and saute 3 minutes. Add soy sauce and red pepper flakes and cook 2 more minutes, until bok choy stalks are tendercrisp and leaves are wilted. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Arrange bok choy on plates and top with cashews just before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 bunch bok choy, sliced crosswise into 12inch thick slices, 1 tablespoon reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Salt and ground black pepper, 12 cup cashews], title: Wilted Bok Choy with Soy Sauce and Cashews, picturelink: R49gT.x6wyuyOQMMiPoYwvrLOa9.xC}, 42074: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together sour cream, sugar, vanilla and 2 tablespoons molasses until smooth. Divide strawberries between 4 bowls and top with sour cream sauce. Drizzle remaining molasses over servings., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla, 4 tablespoons unsulfered molasses, 2 pint strawberries, hulled, and if large halved], title: Strawberries with Molasses Sour Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42075: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSpray a 2 quart baking dish with vegetable cooking spray, set aside.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the macaroni until just tender, about 8 minutes. Drain, rinse under cold running water, and return to the pot.nMeanwhile, heat the wine in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bell peppers, squash, onions, and garlic, and 2 teaspoons of salt, and cook until tender, 10 to 12 minutes, adding a little water if more liquid is needed. Drain the vegetables in a large colander set over a bowl. Add the vegetables to the pasta and set the juices from the vegetables aside.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and mustard and cook, stirring constantly, for 2 to 3 minutes. Whisking constantly, slowly pour in the milk and the juices from the vegetables. Add the thyme and the remaining 1 teaspoon of salt. Cook, stirring, for 4 to 5 minutes. Season with additional salt and pepper, to taste.nBeat the ricotta until smooth and slowly beat in the white sauce. Toss with the macaroni mixture. Transfer to the 2quart baking dish and sprinkle with Parmesan. Sprinkle bread crumbs over the top and lightly spray them with the vegetable cooking spray. Bake until top is golden brown, about 35 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 12 ounces dry elbow macaroni about 3 cups dried, 12 cup white wine, 4 red bell peppers, stemmed and seeded, cut into thin strips, 2 medium yellow squash about 1 pound, cut into thin strips, 2 medium Vidalia onions, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 cup skim milk, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 16 ounces part skim ricotta cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 slice white bread, broken into small pieces], title: Janettes Cheesy Veggie Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 42076: {instructions: Bring salsa and cream to boil in medium ovenproof skillet or casserole. Add cheese and gnocchi. Return to a boil and transfer to oven. Bake until sauce thickens and is bubbly and a slight crust forms on top, about 7 minutes. Garnish with cilantro and serve immediately., ingredients: [Finished Gnocchi cooked as above, 2 cups Red Tomato Salsa, 12 cup crema, creme fraiche, or sour cream, 12 cup grated Manchego Mexican melting cheese or Muenster cheese, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, washed and chopped], title: Gnocchi in Creamy Red Salsa, picturelink: null}, 42077: {instructions: In a large skillet over medium heat saute the onion in the oil and butter, avoid browning the onions. When onions become translucent, add the garlic and the rice and stir for a couple of minutes. Add the white wine and stir until wine is absorbed. Add a ladle of broth, stirring continuously until broth is almost completely absorbed. Repeat until rice is tender and the mixture is creamy. In another skillet on high heat pour in 14 cup of the olive oil and sear the scallops on both sides for about 1 minute and set aside. Then saute the vegetables in the remaining 14 cup of olive oil until tender. Add the vegetables to the risotto and stir in the cheese, butter and lemon juice. Season the risotto mixture with the salt and pepper. Divide the risotto between 6 plates and place 4 scallops right on top.nGarnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 cup corn kernels, 1 cup fresh chopped tomatoes, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon butter, Dash lemon juice, Salt and pepper, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup olive oil, plus 14 cup, plus 14 cup, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 3 cups Arborio rice, 1 cup white wine, 6 cups chicken broth, simmering, 24 large scallops, 1 cup fresh fennel, 1 cup diced zucchini], title: Landmark Vineyard Harvest Risotto, picturelink: null}, 42078: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside. In a small bowl, whisk together the cocoa powder, collagen and maple sugar. Whisk in the warm melted cacao butter and vanilla until smooth. Pour onto the lined baking sheet and spread evenly and thinly using an offset spatula. Scatter some raspberries over it and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours or up to overnight. Peel off to eat, tearing into pieces to make servings., ingredients: [12 cup unsweetened raw cocoa powder, 14 cup grassfed collagen or protein powder, 14 cup maple sugar, 12 cup raw cacao butter, melted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Freezedried raspberries, for topping], title: Raspberry Protein Chocolate Leather, picturelink: ubVmMxk7c57uzV7UgP44osSM88Xwle}, 42079: {instructions: Special equipment: Red cupcake linersnFor the cupcakes: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with cupcake liners, and lightly coat with cooking spray.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl set aside.nBring the cocoa powder, milk and 12 cup water to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat, and whisk until the cocoa dissolves into a smooth, thicker mixture, about 3 minutes. Stir in the vanilla, and set aside until just slightly warm to the touch.nBeat the butter and sugar on mediumhigh speed in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a handheld mixer until combined and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs and egg yolks one at a time, beating to incorporate after each addition. Continue to beat while slowly pouring the cocoa mixture into the bowl be sure to scrape out any cocoa that coats the saucepan just until incorporated, scraping down the side of the bowl as needed. Reduce the speed to medium, add the flour mixture and beat until just incorporated. Remove the bowl from the stand, and finish stirring by hand to avoid overmixing.nDivide the batter evenly among the lined muffin cups, and bake until the cupcakes bounce back when gently pressed and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Let cool in the pan for a few minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nFor the glaze: Combine the butter, chocolate, honey and salt in a small microwavesafe bowl, cover with plastic wrap and poke a hole in it to vent. Microwave on high at 100 percent power for about 1 minute, until the butter and most of the chocolate is melted. Whisk until smooth, and let cool, 15 to 20 minutes. Dip the top of each cupcake in the glaze, and let it set up, about 30 minutes.nDecorate the cupcakes: Pinch each fruit chew into a curved horn shape with pointed ends. Cut the licorice laces into twelve 5inch pieces, and snip 1 end of each to make a Yshaped tail. Press two horns into the top of each cupcake, and press a tail into the back of each cupcake., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, Fine salt, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder not Dutchprocess, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs plus 2 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 teaspoon honey, Pinch fine salt, 24 red fruitpunchflavored chews, such as Tootsie Frooties, 2 red licorice laces], title: Devils Food Cupcakes, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 42080: {instructions: In a large pot, boil the russet potatoes whole for 30 minutes or until they are cooked through but not mushy. Allow them to cool completely in the refrigerator. Once they are cooled completely, roughly chop them into cubes.nTo make the potatoes: Heat a large skillet with 3 tablespoons canola oil and 3 tablespoons of butter. Add the chopped potatoes along with the rest of the ingredients. Mix thoroughly and saute the potatoes until they are crispy and browned on all sides, about 10 minutes.nTo make the basted eggs: Heat an 8inch egg pan with 1 teaspoon of clarified butter. Add 2 eggs to the pan and cook until the whites are mostly cooked. Add 1 tablespoon of water and cover the eggs with a tight fitting lid to allow the eggs to cook with the steam. Cook until desired doneness., ingredients: [6 to 8 russet potatoes, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 8inch egg pan recommended: Tefloncoated, 1 teaspoon clarified butter, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon water], title: Miners Dawn, picturelink: null}, 42081: {instructions: Melt 3 tablespoons of butter. Peel the potatoes and slice thin on a mandoline or with a food processor fitted with a 1millimeter slicing blade. In a bowl, toss potato slices with the butter, salt and pepper.nOn a parchment lined baking sheet, place 2 ring molds 3 inches wide and 2 inches deep. Layer the potato slices in the molds, overlapping the slices. Bake in a preheated 400 degree oven for about 40 minutes until the bottom layer of potatoes is golden and crisp and the potatoes are cooked through., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 medium baking potatoes, Salt and pepper], title: Potato Galettes, picturelink: null}, 42082: {instructions: If the cooked rice is cold, reheat it in the microwave. When hot, mix in the Cheddar until the cheese melts. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nMash the avocado and lime juice together in a small bowl with a fork until it becomes a spreadable consistency.nLay the tortilla out on a cutting board. Spread the mashed avocado on the tortilla, leaving a 1inch outer border without any avocado. In the bottom third of the tortilla, lay out in a log shape the rice, beans, carrots and salsa. Roll over once tightly, then tuck in the sides and continue rolling. The avocado should help the burrito stay together. Cut in half. Wrap in a paper towel, followed by a layer of aluminum foil. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [14 cup cooked brown rice, 1 tablespoon shredded Cheddar, 14 avocado, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 1 whole wheat 8inch tortilla, 2 tablespoons nosaltadded canned black beans, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced or shredded carrots, 1 tablespoon mild jarred salsa], title: Brown Rice and Bean Burrito, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 42083: {instructions: Saute the vegetables in a very hot wok or saute pan. When they are almost cooked add enough of the ginger soy vinaigrette just to coat them. Cool in a strainer so as to let all of the excess wetness not create a wetness problem for the wrapper.nNow lay out one lumpia wrapper at a time. Center the vegetables and a strip of the tuna on the lower third of each wrapper. Roll them up until almost closed folding in the sides as you do. Seal with the water by rubbing the lumpias edges with your water moistened fingers.nNote: These can be prepared ahead by as much as a full day and kept refrigerated covered with plenty of plastic wrap to keep the wrappers from drying out.nFor the dish: Wasabi, as desirednHeat four bowls until very warm.nPlace enough oil in a fryer or large pan to fry the stuffed lumpia. Bring the oil to 350 degrees and fry them until crisp. You may do this in batches keeping them warm. Drain on paper toweling.nCut a tiny amount of the end of each of the lumpia wrappers off. This is just excess dough and it will allow the lumpia to stand upright. Cut them in half on a strong 45 degree bias angle. Now stand them up and place them in the center of the bowls.nPlace 3 of the warm clams in each of the four bowls. Now spoon the fermented black bean mixture into the bowls. Place the wasabi on the rims of the dish as desired. Serve. Note: The dish may be garnished with lime wedges, cilantro leaves andor dots of salsa Sriracha a very red Southeast Asian hot sauce.nPlace the clams in a small saucepan with a lid. Add the white wine and steam them open on medium high heat until the clams open. Remove from the heat and set aside, keeping them warm Combine the white wine, mirin, rice wine vinegar, ginger, garlic and jalapeno in a small saucepan on high heat and reduce by half, about 3 minutes.nAdd the chicken stock and reduce the mixture to about 12 cup, about 15 minutes. Add the scallions and the fermented black beans and cook until just a little bit of liquid remains. Whisk in the butter and keep warm.nCombine all of the above together and keep at room temperature if preparing the dish directly. Otherwise refrigerate until almost ready to cook Note: Any extra vinaigrette can be stored cold for a week or so., ingredients: [1 12 cups various vegetables, chopped into short julienne ribbons, Salt and pepper, to taste, Peanut oil, to saute the vegetables, 12 cup prepared ginger soy vinaigrette recipe below, 4 lumpia wrappers, 4 strips of raw tuna cut 5 inches long and 12inch thick, Water, to seal the wrappers, Peanut or canola oil to fry the prepared lumpias, 12 clams, scrubbed, 1 cup dry white wine, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons mirin rice wine, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon ginger, peeled and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon garlic, peeled and finely mince, 1 jalapeno, stem and seeds discarded, finely minced, 1 cup chicken stock, 14 cup fermented black beans, soaked in a little cool water, rinsed and drained, 2 scallions, green and white parts, cleaned and sliced into small rings, 2 tablespoons cold butter, cut into a small dice, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup dark roasted sesame oil, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons peeled, minced ginger, 3 tablespoons peeled, minced garlic, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, Cracked black pepper, to taste], title: Crispy Sushi with Steamed Clams, Wasabi and Fermented Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 42084: {instructions: In a medium bowl, stir ingredients together until smooth.nPreheat grill or broiler.nThread vegetables onto wooden or metal skewers. If you use wooden ones, soak them in water for 1 to 2 hours before using to keep them from burning. You can make single vegetable skewers or use an assortment on each skewer.nLightly brush each skewer with marinade. Broil 4 to 6inches from heat, 5 minutes per side or until browned or lightly charred and tender. If desired, serve with extra marinade for dipping., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon ground red pepper, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 teaspoons honey, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt, to taste, 2 red peppers cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 green peppers cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 yellow peppers cut into 1 12inch pieces, 4 yellow onions cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 large yellow squash cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 large zucchini cut into 1 12inch pieces, 1 medium eggplant cut into 1 12inch pieces, Marinade, recipe above], title: Grilled Marinated Vegetable Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 42085: {instructions: In a large saucepan or Dutch oven, add enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan and heat over medium. Add the eggplant, bell peppers, onion, tasso, garlic, coriander, plantains, and habanero pepper and saute until vegetables are translucent, about 10 minutes.nAdd the chicken stock, bring to a simmer and cook, for 10 to 15 minutes over low heat. Season with thyme and allspice. Add unsweetened coconut milk, spinach, chopped cilantro, and hot sauce. Simmer over mediumlow heat and allow to reduce until it thickens, about 15 to 20 minutes. Adjust seasoning and add lime juice., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for sauteeing, 1 cup peeled, diced eggplant, 1 yellow bell pepper, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 yellow onion, diced, 1 cup diced tasso ham, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 cup diced plantains, 1 habanero pepper, finely diced, seeds removed, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon fresh chopped thyme leaves, 1 pinch allspice, 6 ounces unsweetened coconut milk, 1 cup spinach, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, including tender stems, 1 tablespoon crystal hot sauce, 12 cup lime juice, Salt and pepper], title: Calaloo Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 42086: {instructions: Special equipment: A small skillet preferably a wellseasoned castiron skillet, a piping bag fitted with a medium tip or a sandwich bag with a trimmed cornernOver mediumhigh heat, bring the milk and butter to just below a boil. Cool until lukewarm.nCombine the buckwheat flour, sugar, and salt. Set aside.nIn a separate small bowl, combine the yeast and lukewarm water. Allow the yeast to activate for 5 minutes in a warm place see Cooks Note.nIn a large bowl, beat the egg yolk until light yellow. Drizzle the milk and butter mixture slowly into the yolk while whisking. Add the dry ingredients and stir to combine. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and put in a warm place until doubled in size.nWhisk the egg white until soft peaks form. Fold the egg white into the batter. Cover the batter again and allow it to regain its original volume, about 10 to 15 minutes.nPreheat a skillet and lightly brush it with the clarified butter. Spoon 1 tablespoon portions of the batter into the skillet see Cooks Note. Lightly brown on both sides.nSpoon 1 teaspoon of the smoked salmon cream cheese mixture over a blini. Garnish with fresh dill and serve.nIn a medium bowl cream together the cream cheese, dill, lemon juice, and lemon zest. Gently fold in the smoked salmon., ingredients: [23 cup milk, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 14 cup clarified butter,  See Cooks Note, 34 cup buckwheat flour, 2 12 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 teaspoon dry active yeast, 1 tablespoon lukewarm water, about 100 to 115 degrees F,  See Cooks Note, 1 egg, separated, Herbed Smoked Salmon Cream Cheese, recipe follows, Caviar, to top blini optional, Fresh dill, to garnish blini, 1 cup cream cheese, softened, 3 teaspoons finely chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons finely chopped lemon zest, 2 slices smoked salmon, finely diced about 4 ounces], title: Buckwheat Blini, picturelink: null}, 42087: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the spice blend: Stir the ingredients together in a small bowl and set aside.nTo make the sauce: Melt the butter in a 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently, until the pieces just begin to turn gold, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, tomato paste and spice blend, and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly to prevent burning. The spices will be fragrant. Add the tomato sauce and diced tomatoes and stir will. Add the chicken pieces, spoon the sauce over the top and bring to a simmer. Turn the heat to low and cook, uncovered, until the chicken is warmed through and the sauce is flavorful, about 10 minutes. Stir frequently. Remove the chicken to a serving dish and cover to keep warm.nShake any excess water from the peas. Add the peas and cream to the sauce in the pan, stir well and heat through. Do not boil. Spoon the sauce over the chicken. Serve with rice and warmed pita bread., ingredients: [1 tablespoon garam masala seasoning, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 large onion, chopped about 1 cup, 2 teaspoons jarred minced garlic, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 1 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 1 skinless rotisserie chicken, boned out and pulled into 1 12 by 12inch chunks, 1 10ounce box frozen peas, placed in a colander and run under hot water to thaw, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, Hot basmati rice, for serving, Pita bread, warmed according to package directions, for serving], title: Butter Chicken Indian Chicken in Tomato Cream Sauce, picturelink: E7hsgvgfWqF.MTabEyAbteTeieYV0zG}, 42088: {instructions: Pour yogurt into a bowl. Add granola bars to a plastic food storage bag and crush. Add to yogurt along with nuts. Stir to combine all ingredients and transfer to cups. Top with strawberries and serve., ingredients: [6 cups vanilla yogurt, 4 firm granola bars, any flavor: peanut butter, cinnamon, oatsnhoney, 12 cup chopped nuts: walnuts, pecans or hazelnuts, toasted, 12 pint strawberries, hulled and sliced], title: Yogurt Crunch, picturelink: VxzL3VvyNR4bZPfXZIG.Pc0NKJieN2S}, 42089: {instructions: In a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough peanut oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 375 degrees F.nMix together the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and set aside.nSlice the seamless dough sheets into 1inch strips from the shorter length of the dough. Make sure that the strips are not longer than your deepfryer is wide. Twist each dough strip, and then drop, 3 at a time, into the fryer. Fry the donut sticks until golden brown and crisp, about 1 12 to 2 minutes, flipping with tongs about half way through. Remove the donuts from the fryer and dust with the cinnamonsugar mixture. Serve with the chocolate sauce.nIn a heavy saucepan over medium heat, combine the first 6 ingredients and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the chocolate, vanilla, and butter and stir until the sauce is smooth., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 14 cup sugar, for dusting, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, for dusting, 2 8ounce cans crescent rolls recommended: Pillsbury, Chocolate Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 13 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Donut Sticks with Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42090: {instructions: Using your hands or the back of a paring knife, scrape off half of the breading from the chicken fingers. Discard the excess breading. Put the chicken fingers into a mixing bowl with the milk and use your hands to break up the chicken into smaller pieces.nPlace 1 can of the pinto beans along with its liquid into the bowl of a food processor. Blend until completely smooth. Transfer to a bowl and reserve. Do not wash the food processor you will be using it again to make the chicken dumplings.nHeat the oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the chili powder and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Stir in the salsa and cook for 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and blended pinto beans. Stir to combine. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer. Simmer until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the chicken finger dumplings. Add the chicken fingers and egg to the used food processor bowl. Blend until it resembles a chunky puree similar to tuna fish. Transfer the puree to a mixing bowl and stir in the cornstarch.nAdd the remaining can of beans with their liquid to the stew. Then drop rounded teaspoons of the dumpling batter into the stew, making about 24 dumplings. Cover with a lid and cook until the dumplings are cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes.nTo serve, divide the stew among 6 bowls. Top with a dollop of sour cream and a sprinkle of cilantro leaves., ingredients: [12 ounces cooked frozen chicken fingers andor chicken nuggets, thawed, 12 cup milk, Two 15.5ounce cans pinto beans, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon chili powder, One 16ounce jar salsa, Kosher salt, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 large egg, beaten, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 13 cup sour cream, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves], title: Spicy Mexican Chili with Chicken Finger Dumplings, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 42091: {instructions: Clean and pick through the crabmeat. Place in a bowl and put the bowl into an ice bath to keep cold. Combine all the remaining ingredients. Slowly fold in the crabmeat, Season with salt and pepper.nPeel the plantain and slice, very thin, on a slicing machine or mandolin. Fry in hot oil and remove. Slice the cucumber the lengthwise, on a mandoline or slicing machine.nPlace the cucumber slices down 1 at a time and place a 1 tablespoon of crab mixture on 1 end. Then slowly roll it up and stand it up on its end.nGarnish with crumbled pieces of fried plantains and chervil., ingredients: [12 pound fresh jumbo lump crab meat, 1 small red pepper, finely diced, 1 small yellow pepper, finely diced, 1 tablespoon goodquality Dijon mustard, 1 small bunch chives, 1 small bunch chervil reserve a small amount, for garnish, 1 teaspoon horseradish, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 teaspoon dry mustard recommended: Colemans, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 green plantain, Oil, 1 hot house cucumber European seedless, Reserved chervil], title: Spring Crab Salad Roll, picturelink: null}, 42092: {instructions: In a fondue pot over low heat, melt chocolate with sour cream, stirring. Add liqueur or coffee. Stir in cream until mixture reaches desired thickness just thick enough to coat and cling to fruit. Keep warm over low heat. Serve with the fruit and pound cake.nServing suggestion: A selection of skewered, sliced fresh fruit, especially strawberries, finger bananas, cherries, pineapple, large marshmallows and cubes of pound cake., ingredients: [12 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate recommended: Sharffen Berger, 23 cup sour cream, 14 cup orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, or other liqueur, or very strong coffee, 12 to 1 cup heavy cream], title: Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: vHqfiIij7StWSrfaqEpKKXUDPL5p8q}, 42093: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 4ounce icepop molds or six 3ounce molds, 4 or 6 icepop sticksnBring the sugar and 14 cup water to a simmer in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is completely melted, about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat, add the cilantro and stir until completely wilted. Let cool completely at room temperature, at least 30 minutes.nPut the melon, lime zest and juice and a pinch of salt in a blender. Strain the cilantro syrup into the blender, pressing the cilantro in the strainer with the back of a spoon to extract as much flavor as possible discard the cilantro. Puree the melon mixture until completely smooth, scraping down the sides of the blender partway through if needed. Transfer the mixture to a large liquid measuring cup with a pouring spout.nPour the mixture into the molds, leaving 14 inch of space at the top the mixture will expand. Insert the sticks. Freeze until solid, 5 hours to overnight. Unmold, and enjoy immediately., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 1 large bunch cilantro, stems and leaves roughly chopped about 1 packed cup, 3 cups 1inch cubes honeydew melon, Zest and juice of 1 lime about 1 teaspoon zest and 2 tablespoons juice, Kosher salt], title: Honeydew Melon and Cilantro Ice Pops, picturelink: 5ZxmZlZJSZPEJOA6qexPqz0LwLCCHG}, 42094: {instructions: Put your bread slices onto a hot griddle and toast on both sides. Add the fennel to a bowl with the chopped basil leaves and most of the chile. Squeeze in the lemon juice, add a good drizzle extravirgin olive oil, a pinch of salt and pepper and a few shavings of Parmesan, then toss everything together. Have a quick taste to make sure the seasoning is right and add a bit more lemon juice or salt, if needed.nWhen the bread is nice and charred, rub the cut side of the garlic all over it. Drizzle with some extravirgin olive oil then top with a small handful of your fennel mixture. Tear the mozzarella into quarters and place one on each bruschetta. Top with some thin shavings of Parmesan, a few little sprinkles of chile and the reserved basil. And just like that youve got a lovely lunch., ingredients: [4 slices of sourdough bread, 2 bulbs leftover roasted fennel, roughly sliced, A few sprigs fresh basil, leaves picked and chopped, smaller leaves reserved, 1 fresh red chile, finely chopped, Juice of 1 lemon, Extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces 50 g Parmesan cheese, 1 1 12ounces 125 g ball buffalo mozzarella, 1 clove garlic, unpeeled and halved], title: Jamies Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 42095: {instructions: Heat butter in a large saucepan over moderate heat. Add onion and saute until soft, about 10 minutes. Add garlic and saute another 2 minutes. Add sorrel and celery and cook for about 5 minutes, or until sorrel is wilted. Add stock or water, parsley, salt, pepper and nutmeg. Simmer for about 20 minutes.nRemove saucepan from heat and puree soup in batches in a blender or a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Adjust seasonings and transfer soup to a container. Cover and refrigerate until chilled through.nTo serve, ladle chilled soup into bowls and garnish with chopped parsley and a dollop of sour cream or plain yogurt., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 pound sorrel leaves, stems removed, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 3 cups vegetable stock or water, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley plus extra for garnish, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Sour cream or plain yogurt for garnish], title: Chilled Sorrel Soup, picturelink: null}, 42096: {instructions: Preheat oven 450 degrees F.nCombine bread crumbs, paprika, and garlic powder in a shallow dish. Dip chicken in egg substitute and then dredge in bread crumb mixture. Arrange chicken on a sheet pan coated with cooking spray. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes, or until cooked through. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup seasoned fine bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 4 skinless boneless chicken breasts, sliced in 12 lengthwise, 1 cup egg substitute, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Oven Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 42097: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix together the vodka, water and gelatin. Pour the mixture into the watermelon half. Refrigerate until fully set, at least 4 hours.nSlice into wedges and serve chilled., ingredients: [1 12 cups vodka, 1 cup boiling water, Two 3ounce packages watermelonflavor gelatin, 12 hollowed out watermelon rind], title: Watermelon Shots, picturelink: 0kO1OtIV0zfML2fsGLisjebMQ0FZU9e}, 42098: {instructions: Microwave 2 ounces finely chopped dark chocolate at medium power until melted. Dip dried apricots halfway in the chocolate, then press an almond on each. Place on a parchment paperlined plate, then freeze until set, about 2 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Dipped Apricots, picturelink: 1cFQVPt.3vlv2EAlexIfUPInzTqL2K}, 42099: {instructions: For the salad: Put the mixed greens in a salad bowl. Prepare your eyeballs: Affix a black olive slice to the cut side of each tomato half with a drop of hummus. Affix a green olive and pimiento slice to each mozzarella ball with hummus. To make fingers, affix 1 almond slice to the end of each baby carrot with hummus.nFor the blood dressing: Whisk together the ketchup, vinegar, honey, paprika and Worcestershire in a bowl. Stream in the oil while whisking, and then adjust for salt and pepper. Toss the dressing with the lettuce and then scatter all of the body parts on top so they peek out., ingredients: [4 to 6 cups mixed greens, 12 cup sliced black olives, 6 cherry tomatoes, halved, 12 cup hummus, 1 cup small mozzarella balls, 12 cup sliced pimentostuffed green olives, 1 cup baby carrots, 14 cup sliced almonds, 12 cup ketchup, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup honey, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spooky Salad, picturelink: PiVCAITyHgeS1MTCEQwDHGY1Mb2ezC6}, 42100: {instructions: Combine the peppers, celery, onion, parsley, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Let sit for 30 minutes to marinate and soften.nWhisk together the chili sauce, Worcestershire, the remaining lemon juice, hot sauce, oregano, paprika, onion powder and garlic powder in a small bowl set aside.nPat the shrimp dry on a plate, and season with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat, then add the shrimp. Cook until they turn pink on the bottom, about 2 minutes, then flip and cook until they are totally pink and start to curl, about 2 minutes more transfer the shrimp to a clean plate. Add the chilisauce mixture to the skillet, and simmer until it is reduced and thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat to cool.nRoughly chop the shrimp, add to the cooled sauce and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nPut a slice of bread between 2 pieces of plastic wrap, and roll with a rolling pin to flatten. Spread a heaping teaspoon of mayonnaise over the bread. Arrange 2 tablespoons of the BBQ shrimp in a neat row along the bottom edge of the bread. Top with some of the vegetable mixture. Use the plastic wrap to help roll the bread up into a tight cylinder. Wrap it tightly in a fresh piece of plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to overnight. Repeat with the remaining ingredients to make 8 rollups total.nWhen youre ready to serve, unwrap the rollups, cut each into 4 pieces., ingredients: [14 cup loosely packed parsley leaves, chopped, Juice of 1 large lemon about 3 tablespoons, Kosher salt, 14 cup chili sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails removed, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 8 slices potato bread, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and very thinly sliced, 2 celery stalks, peeled and cut into very thin matchsticks, 12 small red onion, very thinly sliced], title: BBQ Shrimp Rollups, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 42101: {instructions: Grate the potatoes and onion on the large holes of a box grater into a colander add the garlic and 1 12 teaspoons salt and toss. Let sit 5 minutes, then wrap in a clean kitchen towel and wring out as much liquid as possible. Transfer the potato mixture to a large bowl.nAdd the nutmeg, 12 teaspoon pepper and all but about 1 tablespoon each of the chopped celery and parsley to the bowl. Add the egg and flour and stir until combined. Form 14 cupfuls of the potato mixture into balls, then flatten between your palms to make thin 2inch patties transfer to a plate.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line a baking sheet with paper towels. Heat about 14 inch of peanut oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat working in batches, add the latkes and fry until golden brown, about 5 minutes per side. Remove to the prepared baking sheet to drain, then transfer to the oven to keep warm while you cook the next batch.nSeason with salt and top with the reserved celery and parsley. Serve with applesauce andor sour cream. The latkes can be fried up to 2 hours ahead reheat on a paper towellined baking sheet at 325 degrees F, 10 to 15 minutes.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [3 large russet potatoes about 1 12 pounds, peeled, 1 onion, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup finely chopped celery use the inner stalks and leaves, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Peanut oil or chicken fat, for frying, Applesauce andor sour cream, for serving optional], title: Latkes with Celery and Herbs, picturelink: FljQAtY4oK885T4jgcu33HWth1l.gu}, 42102: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust: Combine the graham crumbs, butter, honey, and brown sugar in a bowl. Do not over mix as it will make the crust tough.nEvenly spread the mixture on the bottom and up the sides of an ungreased 9inch pie tin or glass pie dish. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven, place on a cooling rack, and let rest.nFor the filling: Combine the cold whipping cream, confectioners sugar, and vanilla and whip, using a hand mixer or stand mixer, until peaks form.nCombine the sweetened condensed milk, diced pineapple, shredded coconut, and 4 ounces of the whipped cream mixture in a 6quart mixing bowl and whisk well. Place the balance of the whipped cream mixture in the fridge to keep it stiff. Once well incorporated, slowly add the Key lime juice in intervals, do not add all at once. The juice will have a chemical reaction with the cream, causing it to thicken. Do not over mix as it will break down the mixture, causing it to become runny. The mixture will begin to thicken you want it thick.nOnce the crust has cooled, spoon the pie filling into the center of the crust and spread evenly towards the edges with a pastry knife or the spoon. Place into the fridge for 2 hours to completely set up.nFill a pastry bag 12 way and squeeze dollops of the remaining whipped cream around the border of the cooled pie. Sprinkle coconut chips on top of the whipped cream border. Make a pot of coffee, cut the pie into your desired portion size, and sit down and enjoy, ingredients: [8 ounces graham crumbs, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup brown sugar, 16 ounces heavy whipping cream, very cold, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup fresh diced pineapple about the size of a pea, juice drained, 14 cup shredded coconut, toasted, 4 ounces Key lime juice not Persian lime or lemon, 14 cup coconut chips, toasted, for garnish], title: Pina Colada Key Lime Pie, picturelink: 0ZgC.Ryzk4wgF2BlGMqBK5BiFJKony}, 42103: {instructions: Special equipment: a butane torch a squeeze bottlenCut the bread into 5 thick slices, each about 2inches thick. Split the top of each slice open in the middle, creating a pocket. Stuff each pocket with 12 cup of the Coconut Cream Cheese Filling. Dip each piece of stuffed toast into the French Toast Batter, coating completely.nAdd 2 teaspoons of the oil to a pan set over medium heat. Place some pieces of the toast into the hot pan and cook until brown on both sides and heated through in the middle, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Repeat for the remaining toast, adding more oil as needed to the pan.nTransfer the raspberry puree to a squeeze bottle. Drizzle some raspberry puree in a circle on each serving plate. Sprinkle some strawberries on top. Cut the French toast slices in half on the bias and shingle 2 halves on each serving plate.nCut the bananas in half lengthwise and then split in half again widthwise. Place the bananas cutside up on a sheet tray. Sprinkle the bananas with the granulated sugar to coat. Using the torch, melt the sugar until golden in color. Carefully place 3 pieces of banana on each plate next to the French toast.nSprinkle the coconut on the plates, then dust each with cinnamon and confectioners sugar and serve with maple syrup.nIn a large mixing bowl, using an electric mixer, whisk together the cream cheese and mascarpone. Add in the coconut, honey, coconut extract and vanilla extract, and mix until combined.nCrack the eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat with a wire whisk. Add the milk, cream, brown sugar, cinnamon, almond extract, vanilla extract and nutmeg, and mix together until combined. Refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [BrOne 2pound loaf challah bread, Coconut Cream Cheese Filling, recipe follows, French Toast Batter, recipe follows, 2 to 4 teaspoons canola oil, 12 cup raspberry puree, 1 cup strawberries, diced, 4 bananas, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup shredded coconut, Serving suggestions: ground cinnamon, confectioners sugar and maple syrup, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup mascarpone, at room temperature, 1 cup shredded coconut, 14 cup honey, 12 teaspoon coconut extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 eggs, 1 14 cups whole milk, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg], title: Coconut Cream Stuffed French Toast, picturelink: null}, 42104: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMake the crust: Mix all crust ingredients together in a small bowl. While mixture is still warm from the butter, press it evenly into the bottom of a deepdish pie pan. Bake for about 5 minutes, or until browned. Remove piecrust from oven.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nMake the filling: Place all filling ingredients in a medium bowl and mix well with a wire whisk. Pour filling into prebaked piecrust. Bake for 15 minutes and then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Continue to bake for an additional 50 to 55 minutes. To test for doneness, stick a toothpick in the center if it comes out clean, the pie is done.nCool and then chill before serving. To serve, top each slice with a dollop of low carb whipped cream.nWith an electric mixer on high, whip the heavy cream just until frothy. Then add in the sugar substitute and vanilla extract and continue to whip on high until peaks form. Be careful not to overwhip, or cream will break. Transfer to a pastry bag or just spoon onto pie., ingredients: [2 tablespoons hot melted butter, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, 12 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 15ounce can no sugar added pumpkin filling, 34 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 1 tablespoon plus a dash pumpkin pie spice, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 4 eggs, Low Carb Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 13 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 1 teaspoon no sugar added vanilla extract], title: Low Carb Praline Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: DC0MyI98a8.dKHylorW9x63ssVVGxLC}, 42105: {instructions: Mash eggs coarsely with a fork, then stir in shallot, tarragon, capers, mayonnaise, and salt and pepper to taste. Make sandwiches with rolls, egg salad, watercress, and salmon., ingredients: [6 hardboiled large eggs, peeled, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallot, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 2 tablespoons drained capers, rinsed and finely chopped, 12 cup mayonnaise, 6 4 to 5inch soft round seeded rolls, split, 18 watercress sprigs, tough stems discarded, 14 pound sliced smoked salmon], title: TarragonCaper Egg Salad Sandwiches with Smoked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 42106: {instructions: Split bananas lengthwise and line 4 sundae boats with 1 split banana in each boat. Fill dessert boats with 3 small scoops of chocolate sorbet each. Garnish sorbet with raspberries and top each scoop of sorbet with a meringue., ingredients: [4 ripe bananas, 2 pints chocolate sorbet, 1 pint fresh raspberries, 12 store bought meringues, available on packaged cookie and dessert aisle of market], title: Chocolate Sorbet Sundaes, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 42107: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the almonds, walnuts and crushed biscotti in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake until the nuts are lightly toasted, 6 to 8 minutes. Cool completely.nPut the butter and chocolate in a heatproof medium bowl and place the bowl over a pan of barely simmering water. Stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth, about 6 minutes. Stir in the coffee until smooth. Add the almonds, walnuts, biscotti pieces and orange zest, and stir until combined. Cover the bowl and refrigerate until firm but moldable, 1 12 to 2 hours.nDivide the chocolate mixture in half. Place half of the mixture in the center of an 18inchlong piece of plastic wrap. Using a spatula, form the mixture into a log, about 7 inches long and 2 inches in diameter. Roll up the log in the plastic and twist the ends to seal. Roll back and forth on a work surface a few times to make the log evenly round. Repeat with the remaining chocolate mixture. Refrigerate the logs until firm, about 1 hour.nSpread the confectioners sugar on a dinner plate. Remove the plastic wrap from the logs, then roll them in the sugar until coated. Using a pastry brush, brush away the excess sugar. Let the logs sit at room temperature for 15 minutes. Using a sharp serrated knife, cut the logs into 12inchthick slices and serve.nCooks Note: The dessert can be frozen for up to 1 month. Thaw at room temperature for 25 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [12 cup slivered almonds 2 12 ounces, 12 cup chopped walnuts 2 12 ounces, Two 5 inch long plain biscotti, coarsely crushed, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, at room temperature, One 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli, 14 cup brewed coffee, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest about 12 medium orange, 12 cup confectioners sugar], title: Chocolate Dessert Salami, picturelink: gcTbMpYeCPbQFvnE7kk08BfSmGaeLi}, 42108: {instructions: Rub the lime juice in the swordfish and marinate just for 15 minutes season with salt and pepper. Parboil or cook corn in the microwave oven for a minute. Pat the corn dry, transfer it to a mixing bowl and mix with the tomatoes. In a small bowl combine the ground cumin, olive oil and lime juice season with salt and pepper. Toss this with corn and tomatoes and adjust seasoning add more oil or lime juice according to taste.nGet an indoor stovetop grill nice and hot. Brush grill with vegetable oil. Place swordfish on grill and cook for 4 to 5 minutes a side just until cooked through but still moist on the inside or roast at 500 degrees for 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Toss the fresh mint and chives with the corn and tomato topping, mix well and spoon some over the fish and some around it as well., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 pound, 1inch thick swordfish, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed, 2 large tomatoes, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons each chiffonade of fresh mint and snipped fresh chives], title: Indoor Grilled Swordfish with Corn and Tomato Topping, picturelink: null}, 42109: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in an 8quart Dutch oven or other large pot over high heat until hot but not smoking. Season meat lightly with salt and pepper and sear in oil until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add onions and garlic and cook an additional 5 minutes. Add tomato paste and stir to incorporate, cooking for 2 to 3 minutes. Add celery, carrots, parsnips, chick peas, wine, chicken broth, tomato sauce, orange zest, segments and juice, and cumin. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, cover and simmer until lamb is tender, about 90 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Remove from heat, cool slightly, and ladle into bowls. Top with fresh mint and serve.nHeat oil in an 8quart Dutch oven or other large pot over high heat until hot but not smoking. Season meat lightly with salt and pepper and sear in oil until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add onions and garlic and cook an additional 5 minutes. Add tomato paste and stir to incorporate, cooking for 2 to 3 minutes. Add celery, carrots, parsnips, chick peas, wine, chicken broth, tomato sauce, orange zest, segments and juice, and cumin. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, cover and simmer until lamb is tender, about 90 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Remove from heat, cool slightly, and ladle into bowls. Top with fresh mint and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound lamb cubes lean, from leg and shoulder, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons lowsodium tomato paste, 2 stalks celery, rinsed, trimmed and diced about 1 cup, 2 large carrots, cut into coins about 2 cups, 2 parsnips, roughly chopped about 2 cups, 1 14ounce can lowsodium chick peas, drained, 34 cup dry red wine, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth or water, 1 15ounce, can lowsodium tomato sauce, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 large orange, segmented, juice reserved, 1 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped mint leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound lamb cubes lean, from leg and shoulder, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons lowsodium tomato paste, 2 stalks celery, rinsed, trimmed and diced about 1 cup, 2 large carrots, cut into coins about 2 cups, 2 parsnips, roughly chopped about 2 cups, 1 14ounce can lowsodium chick peas, drained, 34 cup dry red wine, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth or water, 1 15ounce, can lowsodium tomato sauce, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 large orange, segmented, juice reserved, 1 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped mint leaves], title: Lamb Stew with Orange, picturelink: 7Zz9GSVE4o16ip.oq9H35ujSsJZg3lW}, 42110: {instructions: For the roasted corn and black beans:nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, over mediumlow heat, add 14 cup of oil and get the pan warm on the stovetop. Add the diced onion, garlic and corn kernels. Saute together until the corn feels cooked to the bite. Place in the oven until roasted but not dried out about 20 to 30 minutes.nFor the mango salsa:nCombine the mango, onion, bell peppers, chives, lemon juice, honey, vinegar, salt, and pepper in a nonreactive bowl and chill.nFor the vinaigrette:nAdd, 1 at a time through the feed opening of a running blender, the vinegar, shallot, chives, salt and pepper. Leaving the blender running, add the oil in a slow thin stream and allow to emulsify. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nTo make the tomato salsa:nCombine the tomato, tomatillos, garlic, parsley, and celery. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside.nFold together corn mixture and black beans. Season with salt and pepper. Add enough red wine vinaigrette to coat. Do not feel compelled to use all of the dressing. Transfer to a serving dish, and top with a spoonful of mango salsa in the center surrounded by a ring of tomato salsa. Garnish with scallions and cilantro leaves. Serve with any extra dressing on the side., ingredients: [12 cup grapeseed oil, divided, 1 large red onion, diced, 2 cloves fresh garlic, chopped, 1 pound frozen corn kernels or about 4 ears fresh do not use canned corn  it becomes gummy, One 16ounce can black beans, drained, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh scallions, about 2 to 4 scallions white and tender green parts only, sliced on the diagonal, 14 cup minced fresh cilantro leaves, 1 mango, diced small, 2 teaspoons diced red onion, 2 teaspoons diced red bell pepper, 2 teaspoons diced green bell pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped chives, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 12 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 shallot, quartered, 2 teaspoons chopped chives, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup canola oil, 1 large ripe tomato, diced small, 2 tomatillos, diced small, 1 garlic cloves, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade to release oils, then finely minced, 2 tablespoons chiffonnade fresh flatleaf parsley 1 small handful, about 1ounce, rinsed and dried, 2 stalks celery, small diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Black Bean and Roasted Corn Salad, picturelink: qmaLUmbBX9ZtF8Enu9mRge3TGp04ShW}, 42111: {instructions: Put the sugar, cinnamon sticks, and cloves in the basket of a coffee percolator. Put the juices in the bottom of the percolator. Let the mixture perk as if making coffee. Serve with cinnamon stick stirrers, if desired, and with a little rum, brandy, or bourbon as well., ingredients: [14 cup packed brown sugar, 3 cinnamon sticks, plus additional to use as stirrers, 1 tablespoon whole cloves, 6 cups cranberry juice, 8 cups apple juice, Light rum, brandy, or bourbon, optional], title: Hot Cranberry Cider, picturelink: null}, 42112: {instructions: Heat a large saute pan over high heat. Add the olive oil and heat. When the oil is hot, add the ground chicken and cook until well browned, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Add the onion, garlic, carrots, celery, thyme, and chili flakes and cook until the vegetables are softened, about 5 to 8 minutes. Carefully deglaze the pan with the white wine, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Reduce until the white wine is almost completely evaporated.nAdd the tomato sauce and juice and simmer until a thick sauce consistency, about 20 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nCook the penne in boiling, salted water until al dente. Drain the pasta and set aside. Add a few tablespoons of the pasta cooking water to the sauce. Add the drained pasta to the sauce along with the Parmesan and toss well. Serve in a large bowl garnished with parsley leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound ground chicken, 12 cup finely chopped red onion, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup finely chopped carrots, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 1 tablespoon thyme leaves, Pinch chili flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups tomato sauce, 12 cup tomato juice, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 pound penne pasta], title: Chicken Bolognese with Penne, picturelink: WvOWFf82K4GUKn7dzAMFBVgEjzj.95m}, 42113: {instructions: To prepare croutons, heat the oil in a large nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat for 1 minute. Add the bread cubes, stirring and tossing in the pan to evenly coat the bread with the oil. Sprinkle in the Cajun seasoning while stirring continuously. Toast for 5 minutes, until golden brown. Reserve for garnishing the salad.nTo make the dressing, place the anchovy and garlic into a food processor, cover, and pulse on and off several times. Add the egg, and, with the motor running, slowly add the vegetable and olive oils. Add the cheese, mustard, lemon and lime juices, water, Cajun seasoning, pepper, and salt process briefly until ingredients are incorporated. Refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a large bowl, toss romaine with the dressing, allowing approximately 3 tablespoons of the dressing per serving. Serve on chilled salad plates top with croutons and additional Parmesan cheese. Serve immediately.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl until thoroughly mixed. Store in an airtight container. The spice mix keeps its best flavor for about two months. Makes about 12 cup, ingredients: [Creole Croutons, 2 cups of 34inch cubed dried French or Italian white bread, crusts removed, 1 12 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon Angel Dust Cajun Seasoning see below, Creole Anchovy Dressing, 1 anchovy fillet, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 large egg, 23 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, 2 teaspoons Creole mustard, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 teaspoon water, 18 teaspoon Angel Dust Cajun Seasoning see below, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 pound romaine lettuce, washed and cut into bitesized pieces, Grated Parmesan cheese, 3 tablespoons Hungarian paprika, 1 12 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 5 teaspoons salt, 1 14 teaspoons dried thyme leaves, 1 14 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, 18 teaspoon onion powder], title: Creole Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 42114: {instructions: Saute chopped onions, diced pepper and sliced mushrooms in 14 cup butter. Add to chopped clams, and season with salt, pepper and garlic.nAdd the clam mixture to crushed Ritz crackers and 14 cup of melted butter until the mixture holds together but is not too greasy.nStuff the clam shells with the mixture and bake for about 15 minutes at 350 degrees.nGarnish with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [1 small onion, chopped, 1 green pepper, diced, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, sliced, 2 cups clams, chopped, Ritz Crackers, 12 cup butter, Salt, pepper and crushed garlic, to taste, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Stuffed Clams, picturelink: null}, 42115: {instructions: Combine the cream cheese and butter on medium speed, just until blended, in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Stop and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the vanilla and salt and beat until combined. With the speed on low, add the powdered sugar in 4 batches, beating until smooth between each addition. Refrigerate for 5 to 10 minutes before using., ingredients: [13 12 ounces powdered sugar, 12 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 3 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt], title: Cream Cheese Frosting for Red Velvet Cake, picturelink: null}, 42116: {instructions: In a blender, mix together the ice cream, pudding, milk, and caramel. Add the cinnamonsugar mixture leaving a little left over. Blend until combined. Top with a dollop of cream cheese icing, sprinkle with a little cinnamonsugar over the whole shake. Garnish with a cinnamon stick.nCombine both ingredients in a small bowl.nBeat together ingredients with an electric mixer until smooth and incorporated., ingredients: [4 scoops premium vanilla ice cream, 1 package instant pudding, prepared according to directions, 1 cup milk, 3 heaping spoonfuls caramel ice cream topping, Cinnamon and Sugar, recipe follows, Cream Cheese Icing, recipe follows, Cinnamon stick, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 stick butter, 3 34 cups powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Cinnamon Roll Milkshake, picturelink: .SV4Aql82sb6ResCRfPYZt2FH0CA.W}, 42117: {instructions: For the double crust leaf lard pastry: In a bowl, mix the flour and salt together with 2 knives. Cut in the lard until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle the ice water over the mixture, a spoonful at a time, stirring with a fork and adding just enough water so it holds together. Shape into a ball, press into a flat disc, wrap in plastic wrap and chill for 1 hour.nFor the pork filling: Heat a 10inch castiron skillet over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp remove to a plate. Add the pork and a pinch of salt and brown for 2 minutes remove to a plate. Add the potatoes, celery, celery leaves, parsley, savory, garlic and onions and sweat for 3 to 5 minutes. Deglaze the skillet with 1 cup of water, scraping up the brown bits from the bottom with a wooden spoon. Add the pork and bacon back to the skillet with the cinnamon, cloves and a large pinch of salt, and simmer until the liquid has evaporated, 20 minutes.nWhile the mixture is simmering, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly flour a work surface. Roll out the chilled pastry into two 13inch rounds for a 10inch doublecrust pie, or into one 14inch round for a singlecrust pie. If using the doublecrust method, line a 10inch pie plate with one of the pastry rounds and fill with the meat mixture cover with the remaining pastry. Trim and crimp the edges to seal, and cut small steam vents. Brush the top of the pastry with the egg yolk and milk mixture. If using the singlecrust method, place the meat mixture in a 10inch pie plate and cover with the single pastry round. Trim, press the edges into the sides of the pan and cut small steam vents in the center. Brush the top of the pastry with the egg yolk and milk mixture. Bake until the crust is golden, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool for 30 minutes and serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups sifted allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup cubed lard preferably leaf lard, chilled, 14 to 13 cup ice water, 8 ounces bacon, cut into medium dice, 2 pounds ground pork, Salt, 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled and cut into large dice, 2 cups chopped celery, 12 cup chopped celery leaves, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh savory or equal parts chopped fresh rosemary and oregano, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 large onions, chopped, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch ground cloves, 1 egg yolk beaten with 1 tablespoon milk], title: Pork Pie, picturelink: null}, 42118: {instructions: Soak the blackeyed beans overnight in cold water.nStrain the beans, put in a saucepan and cover with cold water, add 1 teaspoon of salt, bring to the boil and boil rapidly for 10 minutes, then reduce the heat and simmer for about 1 hour.nFry the bacon and set aside. Fry the onion and garlic until soft, not brown, in the residual bacon fat then add the tomatoes, fry lightly for 1 minute. Add the onion, garlic, tomatoes, bacon, bay leaf, thyme, cayenne and black pepper, to taste, to the cooked blackeyed beans and taste for salt.nCook for a further 20 minutes, the water should have evaporated by this time. In the meantime, cook the rice and add to the blackeyed bean mixture.nTransfer to a serving dish., ingredients: [8 ounces blackeyed beans peas, 8 ounces salt bacon, cut into lardons, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves of garlic, crushed, 4 tomatoes, skinned, deseeded and coursely chopped, 1 bay leaf, Pinch thyme, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces long grain rice], title: Hoppin John, picturelink: null}, 42119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThoroughly rinse the chicken, then cover all the pieces with 4 cups buttermilk and soak in the fridge overnight or up to 24 hours. When youre ready to fry the chicken, remove the bowl from the fridge and let it sit on the counter for 30 minutes, just to take off the chill.nIn the meantime, preheat the oven to 360 degrees F and mix up the breading. Place the flour, seasoned salt, paprika, pepper, thyme and cayenne extra cayenne if you like heat in a very large bowl. Stir together well.nIn a small bowl, combine the 14 cup buttermilk and the milk. Pour the milk mixture into the flour and, with a fork, gradually mix until there are little lumps throughout. This will adhere to the chicken and make for a crispier breading. If necessary, add a little more flour or milk to the bowl in order to make it slightly lumpy.nHeat 1 12 to 2 inches of oil in a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat until a thermometer reaches 365 degrees F. Lower the heat slightly, if necessary, to keep the oil from getting hotter.nWorking in batches, thoroughly coat each chicken piece with the breading, pressing extra breading onto the chicken if necessary. Place the breaded pieces on a plate.nAdd the chicken to the oil 3 or 4 pieces at a time. Make sure they arent sticking together, then cover the pan and fry for 5 to 7 minutes, checking occasionally to make sure the chicken isnt getting too brown. Turn the pieces over, cover again, and cook 3 to 5 minutes more. All the while, monitor the temperature of the oil to make sure the chicken doesnt burn.nPlace the chicken on a baking sheet and continue frying the rest of the chicken. When all the chicken has been fried, remove the wings and legs to a plate and keep covered. These should be cooked all the way through by now but always check, if any pink juice or meat is visible. If so, return to the hot oil for another minute or so until fully cooked. Leave the thighs and breasts on the baking sheet.nBake the thighs and breasts for 15 minutes to finish the cooking process. Sometimes Ill cut into the thicker part of one of the larger pieces, just to make sure the chicken is cooked through. If any pink juice or meat is visible, the chicken needs to continue cooking in the oven., ingredients: [2 cutup fryer chickens in 16 pieces, 4 14 cups cups buttermilk, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons seasoned salt, such as Lawrys, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground dried thyme, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, plus more for seasoning, 14 cup milk, Canola or vegetable oil, for frying], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: pkNtENpEwnlk2lZFDRe9u6zusdWBuYm}, 42120: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nProcess the cream cheese, cranberry sauce, orange zest and juice until smooth, then pulse in your pecans. Spread on a bagel, ingredients: [One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup cranberry sauce, 12 orange, zested and juiced, 12 cup chopped pecans, Toasted bagels, for serving], title: Cranberry Cream Cheese Spread, picturelink: uE24pk.KRdXg3NGfFoJJFAqOZfZvshW}, 42121: {instructions: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onion, garlic, and ginger and cook until soft. Add tangerine juice and brown sugar and bring to a boil. Add half of the cranberries and cook until they pop. Add remaining cranberries and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add tangerines and zest. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large Spanish onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 2 cups tangerine juice, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 pound cranberries, 2 tangerines, segmented, 1 tablespoon grated tangerine zest], title: CranberryTangerine Relish, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 42122: {instructions: Peel pears. Using a paring knife slice pears in half lengthwise, and remove cores. Wrap 1 pear half in plastic, and refrigerate. Place the other 3 pear halves in a shallow saucepan. Add pear juice and bring to a simmer. Cook until the fruit is tender and can be pierced with a paring knife, 10 to 15 minutes.nUsing a slotted spoon, remove pears from poaching liquid. Transfer to a bowl, and discard the poaching liquid. Let cool.nPlace pears in a food processor or blender, and puree until smooth. Transfer to a medium bowl.nPour cream into a small bowl. Using a whisk, beat until very stiff peaks form, about 2 minutes. Fold the whipped cream into the pear puree.nSpoon the pear cream into the tart shells. Gently shake them to level the tops.nCut 6 12inchsquare pegs from the reserved pear half. Plant 1 peg in the center of each tart. Refrigerate for 15 minutes, or until set. To caramelize the tarts, sprinkle about 12 teaspoon of sugar over the top of each tart, including the pear peg. With a propane torch, keeping the nozzle of the torch about 4 inches from the top of the tart, circle the flame over the top of each tart, until the sugar melts. Sprinkle another 12 teaspoon of sugar over each tart, and caramelize the sugar with the torch. Refrigerate tarts for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 large ripe Bartlett or Comice pears, 1 cup bottled pear juice, 13 cup heavy cream, 6 4inch fully baked tart shells, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Square Pear Peg Tarts, picturelink: null}, 42123: {instructions: In a small bowl, soak the bread slices in milk until completely soft. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the olive oil, onions and garlic and saute until translucent, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. In a large bowl, combine the ground meats with the dried seasonings, Parmesan, cooked onions, the eggs, salt and the bread mixture. Mix with your hands until well combined. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.nRemove the chilled meat mixture from the refrigerator. Roll the mixture into 12 large meatballs. In a large skillet, add about 12inch of canola oil. Heat the pan over mediumhigh heat. Fry the meatballs until browned on all sides. Cook them in batches, if they dont all fit in the pan at once. Set aside.nIn a large pot, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat and saute the onions and garlic until soft, about 6 minutes. Stir in the banana, red pepper flakes and crushed tomatoes. Add the meatballs, lower the heat and simmer the sauce until thickened and the meatballs are cooked through, about 1 hour. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if needed.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the garlic heads on a large square of foil, cut side up. Drizzle them with olive oil and wrap them up tightly. Put the packet on a baking sheet and roast for 30 minutes. Remove the garlic from the wrap and let it cool. Squeeze the garlic out of the heads into a small bowl. Stir in the softened butter, salt and parsley and blend well. Generously spread the butter mixture on each half of the bread. Put the bread halves on a sheet pan and bake until toasty and brown, about 15 minutes. Slice each half of the bread into 12 slices.nWhipped Ricotta:nIn a large bowl, combine the ricotta, milk, halfandhalf and salt and pepper, to taste. Using a whisk, blend everything together until creamy and fluffy.nTomato Salad:nStir together the olive oil, salt and pepper and basil. Toss the tomatoes in the oil.nTo serve the meatball sundae: put 3 meatballs and some sauce in each shallow bowl, top with some of the tomato salad, and the whipped ricotta. Arrange the bread slices on the sides of the meatballs to resemble a banana split and serve., ingredients: [4 slices white bread, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 8 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 pounds ground beef 15 percent fat, 1 12 pounds ground pork, 12 pound ground veal, 1 12 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 3 eggs, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Canola oil, for panfrying, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 ripe banana, chopped, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, or to taste, 3 16ounce cans crushed tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 heads garlic, top 14inch sliced off, Olive oil, 1 stick butter, softened, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 large, long loaf Italian bread, halved lengthwise, 1 cup ricotta, 1 tablespoons whole milk, 1 tablespoon halfandhalf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 large basil leaves, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Meatballs with Sunday Gravy, Whipped Ricotta and Cherry Tomato Salad, picturelink: 5IOyVa3ZWWtUcEGw1pt3d1bAHqb0Daa}, 42124: {instructions: Make the brine: Combine the salt, peppercorns, sugar, rosemary sprigs, bay leaves, 3 tablespoons each juniper berries and fennel seeds, the garlic and 2 cups water in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil, whisking occasionally, then remove from the heat. Transfer the brine to a large bowl and add 6 cups cold water let cool completely. Submerge the pork chops in the brine, cover and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat a grill to medium. Make the roasted garlic butter: Cut off the top 14 inch of the garlic head and set it on a piece of foil. Drizzle with olive oil, then wrap in the foil and transfer to the grill. Cook until the garlic is softened, about 30 minutes let cool. Meanwhile, remove the pork from the brine and pat dry with paper towels set aside.nSqueeze the roasted garlic cloves from the skins into a food processor. Add the butter, rosemary, lemon juice and a pinch of salt and pulse until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and set aside.nPrepare the pork: Grind the remaining 1 teaspoon juniper berries and 2 tablespoons fennel seeds in a spice grinder or finely chop. Season the pork with the ground spices and salt and pepper. Lightly brush the grill grates with olive oil transfer the pork to the grill. Cover and cook until marked, 15 minutes, rotating the pork 45 degrees halfway through to create a crosshatch pattern. Flip and repeat, cooking until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the pork registers 145 degrees F.nRemove the pork chops from the grill and spread the roasted garlic butter on top. Let rest at least 10 minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 cup sugar, 4 sprigs rosemary, 4 bay leaves, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon juniper berries, 5 tablespoons fennel seeds, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, 4 doublecut bonein pork rib chops 2 inches thick about 5 pounds total, Freshly ground pepper, 1 head garlic, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling and brushing, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt], title: DoubleCut Pork Chops with Garlic Butter, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 42125: {instructions: Bring a medium sized saucepan of salted water to a rolling boil. Slowly add the sliced potatoes to the pan. Cook until the potatoes are slightly translucent and soft. Do not overcook. Strain the water from the pan and let the potatoes cool. Wrap the tender potato slices around each fish fillet, until the fish is completely covered. Wrap each fillet tightly in plastic wrap so that the potatoes stick to the fish.nHeat enough vegetable oil to cover the bottom of a medium sized skillet over mediumhigh heat. Unwrap the fish fillets from the plastic wrap and brown each side of the fish. Reduce the heat and continue cooking the fish over mediumlow heat until the bottom side is brown and the fish is cooked through.nTop with Horseradish Cream Sauce.nMelt the butter in a medium pan, then add the shallots and saute until tender. Slowly add the wine to the shallots. Reduce the mixture until it is nearly dry. Add heavy cream and allow the sauce to simmer until it is thick enough to coat a spoon, about 15 minutes.nPour the cream sauce into a blender and add grated horseradish. Blend the ingredients together and then strain through a fine sieve. Add salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste.nSlice radishes and use for garnish., ingredients: [4 rockfish fillets, 6 ounces each, 4 russet potatoes, peeled and sliced thin lengthwise, Vegetable oil, for frying, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Horseradish cream sauce, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 1 shallot, finely diced, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 cup grated fresh horseradish, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Red and daikon radishes, for garnish], title: Russetwrapped Rockfish with Daikon Radishes and Horseradish Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42126: {instructions: Combine 4 cups apple cider, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 whole cloves and a pinch of salt in a saucepan. Halve 1 orange squeeze the juice into the pan and add the peels. Bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat and let steep 10 to 15 minutes. Strain into a pitcher and add 34 cup apple brandy or bourbon. Chill at least 2 hours or overnight. Serve in tall glasses on the rocks or reheat and serve warm in punch mugs. Garnish with orange slices.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Cider Punch, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 42127: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Beat 1 egg and water in a small bowl with a fork or whisk. Stir the remaining eggs, cheese, spinach, onion and parsley in a medium bowl.nUnfold 1 pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 12inch square. Cut into 16 3inch squares. Repeat with the remaining pastry sheet, making 32 in all.nPlace 1 tablespoon spinach mixture in the center of each square. Brush the edges of the pastry with the egg mixture. Fold the pastry over the filling to form triangles. Crimp the edges with a fork to seal. Place the filled pastries onto baking sheets. Brush with the egg mixture.nBake for 20 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Let the pastries cool on the baking sheets on wire racks for 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 package 17.3 ounces Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets, thawed, 3 eggs, 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 package about 10 ounces frozen chopped spinach, thawed and well drained, 1 medium onion, finely chopped about 12 cup, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Spinach Triangles, picturelink: null}, 42128: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in pan and mix well. Cook on medium until chicken is heated. Serve over steamed rice or place on a bun., ingredients: [12 green onion, minced, 18 cup orange juice, 12 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root, 12 tablespoon minced jalapeno peppers, 12 tablespoon lime juice, 12 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 package of Curlys Sauceless Chicken], title: Curlys Caribbean Jerk Chicken, picturelink: null}, 42129: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 170 degrees F 80 degrees C. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nFor the meringues: Beat the egg whites with an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on mediumhigh speed until they hold soft peaks. Start adding the sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, and continue to beat until the meringue holds very stiff peaks. Test to see if the sugar is fully dissolved by rubbing a little of the meringue between your thumb and index finger. The meringue should feel smooth, not gritty. If it feels gritty the sugar has not fully dissolved, so keep beating until it feels smooth between your fingers.nGently spread the meringue into 8 small rounds on the parchment paper, smoothing the edges and making sure the edges are slightly higher than the center. You want a slight well in the center of the meringues to place the cream and compote.nBake until the outside of the meringues is dry, about 3 hours. The outside of the meringue will feel firm to the touch if gently pressed, but as it cools you will get a little cracking and it will have a marshmallow texture. Let cool.nFor the ground cherry compote: Combine the cherries, sugar, and citrus zests and juice in a saucepan. Simmer until the cherries are translucent and the liquid is syrupy, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool.nFor the white chocolate cream: Bring the cream just to a simmer in a saucepan. Whisk together the egg yolks and sugar in a bowl. Slowly pour in the hot cream, whisking constantly, than return the mixture to the saucepan. Cook over medium heat until thickened, about 2 minutes, stirring constantly.nPut the chopped chocolate in a large bowl. Pour the hot cream mixture through a strainer over the chocolate. Stir until the chocolate is melted. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Beat the white chocolate mixture with a mixer until pale and thick.nTo serve, place each meringue on a serving plate. Fill the centers with a dollop of white chocolate cream and top with the cherry compote.nCooks Note: The cooled meringues can be stored in an airtight container in a cool, dry place for a few days. The cherry compote can be served on pancakes, waffles, or ice cream. The white chocolate cream can also be used to frost a cake., ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 1 cup250ml sugar, 3 cups750ml fresh ground cherries, 12 cup125ml sugar, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 2 cups500ml 35percent cream, 4 egg yolks, 14 cup60ml sugar, 2 cups500ml chopped white chocolate], title: White Chocolate Pavlova, picturelink: null}, 42130: {instructions: Pull out the center of the artichoke with your fingers to form a cup, and then slice a bit off the bottom to make a flat surface so the cups sit upright. Repeat with remaining artichokes. The artichoke centers can be used in a salad or omelet.nIn a large bowl, toss together the scallions, cabbage, and carrots. Add the dressing, taste, and adjust the seasoning with more salt and pepper, if necessary. Fill the artichoke cups with the slaw, garnish with sesame seeds, and serve., ingredients: [3 14ounce cans whole artichoke hearts, 2 scallions, finely sliced, 1 cup shredded red cabbage, 1 cup shredded carrot, 14 cup Italian dressing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon sesame seed, for garnish], title: Stuffed Artichoke Hearts, picturelink: S4IYRzqZ56w1dVZD2l8oe1MTjcfxCr2}, 42131: {instructions: Place the bok choy in a steamer basket and place the basket over not in simmering water. Steam until the base of the bok choy is just tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, about 6 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the chives, soy sauce, lime juice, lime zest and sugar in a small bowl. Transfer the bok choy to a platter and drizzle with the soy mixture. Drizzle with the spicy sesame oil and serve.nPer serving: Calories: 30 Total Fat: 1.5 grams Saturated Fat: 0 grams Protein: 2 grams Total carbohydrates: 4 grams Sugar: 2 grams Fiber: 1 gram Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 250 milligrams, ingredients: [4 baby bok choy about 1 pound, split horizontally, 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 4 teaspoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 14 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon spicy sesame oil], title: Healthy Spicy Steamed Baby Bok Choy, picturelink: O7t8rVq5mEhaqVI4LK3jiIdTnIUpVty}, 42132: {instructions: Special equipment: A cocktail skewernIn a pitcher or a cocktail shaker, combine the tequila and the ice cubes and stir or shake 20 times. Place the Triple Sec in a chilled cocktail glass, swirl it around to coat the inside of the glass, and discard it. Strain the tequila into the glass. Thread the twist of lime and the strip of chile onto the cocktail skewer, perch it on the rim of the glass, and serve at once., ingredients: [2 ounces Tequila preferably aged blue Agave, 4 ice cubes, 12 teaspoon TripleSec, Twist of lime zest, 1 strip 14 x 34inch of serrano chile stem and seeds removed], title: Tequila Martinis, picturelink: null}, 42133: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason the pork chops generously with salt. Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring it to a high heat. Sear the pork on both sides and on the fat edge, working in batches if the chops dont all fit in the pan at the same time. Be sure not to crowd the pan. Remove the pork from the pan and place on a cookie sheet. Finish the pork in the oven for about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before serving.nDitch the excess fat from the saute pan. Give a drizzle of fresh olive oil and add the onions and crushed red pepper and season with salt. Cook until the onions become soft and aromatic. Add the apples, cinnamon and rosemary and toss to coat with the oil. Add the cider and cook until the cider has reduced by twothirds and the onionapple mixture is very soft and saucy. Serve over the pork chops.nPorky deliciousness, ingredients: [4 bonein pork loin chops, 1 inch thick, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 1 pinch crushed red pepper, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and sliced, Pinch cinnamon, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 2 cups apple cider], title: Pork Chops with Apples and Onions, picturelink: fHZVnwc8Rkj2cxoOMyctPSZLSOH0TZm}, 42134: {instructions: Rinse and drain the chickpeas. In a medium bowl, combine the chickpeas and avocado, and roughly mash with a fork or potato masher. Add the onions and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Stir to combine thoroughly.nServe 12 cup of the chickpea salad on a plate with the arugula, cucumbers, quinoa, strawberries, tomatoes, feta and a drizzle of balsamic vinegar. EnjoynReserve the remaining chickpea and avocado salad for another purpose., ingredients: [1 15ounce can nosalt added chickpeas beans, 1 large ripe avocado, pitted and diced, 14 cup diced red onion, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup arugula, 14 cup sliced cucumbers, 14 cup cooked quinoa, 14 cup sliced strawberries, 14 cup sliced cherry tomatoes1 tablespoon crumbled feta, Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, optional], title: Vegetarian Arugula Chickpea Power Salad, picturelink: d.50.dYGTP3o3kQN4OT76TT3g7lwJO}, 42135: {instructions: In a stand mixer with the whip attachment, whip the cream with 14 cup of the sugar and 1 teaspoon of the vanilla extract until soft peak form. Do not whip the cream too stiff it needs to still be soft when you fold it into the cream cheese. Transfer the whipped cream to a medium bowl and refrigerate.nSwitch the stand mixer to the paddle attachment and, in the same bowl, beat the cream cheese, the remaining 14 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, and the 1 tablespoon instant espresso until smooth and well combined. Fold the whipped cream into the cream cheese mixture and set aside.nIn a shallow bowl, mix the 2 tablespoons sugar with the bourbon and 1 cup cold espresso until the sugar is dissolved. Dip each ladyfinger on each side into the espresso mixture. Line the entire bottom of an 8by8inch cake pan with an even layer of the ladyfingers. Top with half of the cream mixture, spreading it evenly across the top. Repeat with another layer of the dipped ladyfingers and then the remaining cream mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and chill for 2 to 3 hours or overnight.nWhen the tiramisu is chilled, spoon an eighth of it into the bottom of a shallow bowl, and top with a scoop of vanilla cream. Top with some hot espresso and serve immediately. Repeat for the remaining servings., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 8 ounces cream cheese, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 4 teaspoons bourbon whiskey, 4 cups espresso 1 cup cold, 2 to 3 cups hot, One 7ounce package hard ladyfingers about 24, 2 pints vanilla bean ice cream], title: Tiramisu Affogato, picturelink: NttEbQY2wRYNw5cqTIWUWHXTYaHNZxm}, 42136: {instructions: Bring 4 cups of water to a boil. Remove from heat and add 4 bags of black tea. Let steep for 5 minutes, then discard bags. Stir in 3 tablespoons Truviau00ae natural sweetener spoonable and 2 teaspoons lemon juice. Refrigerate until chilled and serve over ice, if desired.nor 10 packets Truviau00ae natural sweetener, ingredients: [], title: Lemon Iced Tea, picturelink: Wx2Tm4398WYTMOtMRLz3KHLVzYFkTJ.}, 42137: {instructions: In a large soup pot bring the water to a boil along with the dried mushrooms, ginger, and garlic. Adjust the heat to a gentle simmer and cook for 30 minutes. Turn off the heat and let steep, 30 more minutes.nWhile the broth steeps: Melt the butter over high heat in a large nonstick skillet, add the sliced fresh mushrooms and cook until crisp and brown, about 10 minutes. Season the mushrooms with salt and pepper, to taste, and distribute them evenly between 4 soup bowls.nPut the eggs in a small saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, turn off heat, cover, and let cook until almost soft boiled, 3 to 4 minutes. Immediately rinse the eggs with cold water and set aside.nStrain the broth. Reheat and season with the sherry, soy sauce, and salt to taste. Distribute noodles, enoki mushrooms, if using, and scallions evenly in each soup bowl. Crack a softboiled egg into each bowl to maintain the eggs shape, take care to peel them carefully, or use as small spoon to free them from the shell. Ladle 2 cups of hot broth into each bowl. Sprinkle gomashio or shansho pepper over the soup, if desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [10 cups water, 2 ounces dried mixed mushrooms, such as porcini or shitake, about 2 cups, 10 coinsized pieces of fresh ginger, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 pound fresh mixed mushrooms, such shitake caps or cremini, sliced, very thin, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 large eggs, 14 cup mediumdry sherry, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 8 ounces cooked udon noodles or somen, buckwheatsoba, or ramen noodles, 1 to 2 ounces enoki mushrooms, optional, 4 scallions, green part only, thinly sliced on the bias, Gomashio or sansho pepper, for seasoning], title: Japanese Mushroom Egg Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 42138: {instructions: Make the Russian Dressing recipe follows.nIf the bread is not fresh. put the bread slices in a steamer until they soften.nOn a board, lay down one slice of bread. Top with half of the corned beef and a small layer of cheese. Remove the layers of beef and cheese from the bread and put them in a steamer. Repeat this process with the remaining corned beef and another small layer of cheese. Steam the beef until it is warm and the cheese has melted.nHeat the drained sauerkraut in a saucepan.nTop a slice of bread with some Russian Dressing, some sauerkraut, a layer of corned beef and cheese, more Russian Dressing, the second layer of corned beef and cheese, sauerkraut, Russian Dressing and the second slice of bread.nIn a medium bowl combine all ingredients until blended.nSuggested drink: Paulaner Heffeweissen, ingredients: [Russian dressing recipe follows, 2 pieces Jewish Corn Rye, thinly sliced, 6 ounces corned beef, 3 ounces Swiss cheese, 12 cup sauerkraut, rinsed and drained, RUSSIAN DRESSING:, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup chili sauce, 1 tablespoon drained horseradish, 1 tablespoon pickles, sweet and sour, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper], title: Reuben Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 42139: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nFor the chicken:nSeason both sides of chicken with salt and black pepper. Place flour in a shallow dish. Place eggs in a separate shallow dish. Combine panko crumbs and Parmesan in a third shallow dish. Dip chicken first in flour, then in the egg and then panko crumb mixture. Transfer chicken to the prepared baking sheet and spray the surface with cooking spray. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until chicken is golden brown and cooked through. Remove from oven.nFor the sauce:nWhile the chicken is cooking, in a small saucepan, combine tomato sauce, wasabi paste, sugar, chili powder, and cumin. Set pan over medium heat and bring to a simmer, for 10 minutes. Remove pan from heat and reserve 23 cup of the sauce.nServe 4 of the chicken breast halves with remaining tomato sauce spooned over top. Reserve remaining chicken and 23 cup of the sauce for another use., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 6 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup panko crumbs or unseasoned dry bread crumbs, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 2 cups canned or jarred tomato sauce, 2 teaspoons wasabi paste, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves, chopped], title: Panko Parmesan Crusted Chicken with Wasabi Tomato Sauce, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 42140: {instructions: Melt the butter in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of hot not simmering water. Add the chocolates and stir until melted and smooth. Remove the bowl from the saucepan.nHeat the milk and 13 cup of the sugar in a saucepan over medium heat until it is steaming.nWhisk the remaining 23 cup sugar, the cocoa, cornstarch and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk in the eggs, egg yolk and cream. Gradually whisk in half of the hot milk mixture, then pour into the saucepan with the remaining milk mixture, whisking constantly. Bring to a boil, whisking oftenand scraping the side of the saucepan. Reduce the heat to low and let bubble for 30 seconds.nRemove the saucepan from the heat. Strain the pudding through a sieve into a medium bowl. Whisk in the melted chocolate mixture, rum and vanilla. Spoon the pudding into 6 jars or bowls. Cover each with plastic wrap, pressing it directly on the surface and piercing it a few times with the tip of a small knife. If you like a skin on your pudding, do not cover. Let the pudding cool at room temperature until tepid, about 1 hour, then refrigerate until chilled, at least 2 hours. The pudding can be refrigerated for up to 3 days. Remove the plastic wrap and top with whipped cream and shaved chocolate.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [Whipped cream and shaved chocolate, for topping optional, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 12 ounces semisweet chocolate no more than 62 percent cacao, finely chopped, 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped, 3 cups whole milk, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 3 large eggs plus 1 egg yolk, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: TripleChocolate Pudding, picturelink: VgNPQ8CkudZuhJ0KOECXhpjHpP4vyi}, 42141: {instructions: Coat a medium saute pan with the oil and place over mediumhigh heat. Stir together the flour and curry powder in a small bowl. Dust the rock cod fillets with the curryflour mixture and panfry until golden on one side, 2 12 minutes. Turn the fish and add the onions, peppers, mushrooms and garlic to the pan and cook 1 12 minutes. Deglaze the pan by pouring in the sweet sake and clam juice. Cook to reduce the broth by a third, 2 to 3 minutes.nServe the fillets over steamed white rice, spooning the vegetables and broth over the fillets. Drizzle with soy sauce to taste., ingredients: [Olive oil, for sauteing fish, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon curry powder, preferably Indonesian, Two 5 to 6ounce fillets rock cod or other thick white fish, 12 white onion, sliced, 1 bell pepper, sliced, 4 to 6 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 ounce sweet sake, 2 ounces clam juice, Steamed white rice, for serving, Soy sauce], title: Curry Snapper, picturelink: null}, 42142: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWarm the 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large 12inch diameter nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until tender and fragrant, about another 2 minutes. Season the onion mixture with salt and pepper. Transfer the onion mixture to a large bowl and set aside. Reserve the pan.nMeanwhile, grate the potatoes in a food processor using the grating attachment blade. Use a kitchen towel to help squeeze out the water from the grated potatoes. Add the potatoes to the bowl with the onion mixture. Add the Parmesan and the basil. Stir to combine and season with additional salt and pepper, to taste.nWarm the remaining olive oil over high heat in the same pan that was used to cook the onions. When the pan is hot, but not smoking add the potato mixture. Use a spatula to press the mixture down into the pan firmly and evenly. Turn the heat down to medium and cook the potato mixture until the bottom is golden brown and the pancake can move in the pan, about 12 to 15 minutes. Turn the heat down to mediumlow if the pancake is browning too fast in places. Place a large plate on top of the pancake and flip the pancake out of the pan. Turn the heat on the pan back up to high. When the pan is hot slide the pancake back into the pan and cook until the bottom is golden and is cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Slide the pancake onto a serving platter, slice, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Parmesan Potato Pancake, picturelink: MYKH8ykdCpekRBSVIagN81DUS7yhhtS}, 42143: {instructions: Cut the tomatoes into 4 wedges, then cut the wedges in half and add to a bowl. Lop off the tops of the green onions, then slice the white and mostly light green parts really thin. Add to the tomatoes.nAdd the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, brown sugar, dash of salt and pepper to a jar. Screw on the lid and shake to combine. Pour the dressing over the tomatoes and toss.nAdd the herbs and gently toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate for a couple of hours before serving., ingredients: [6 to 8 ripe tomatoes, 4 green onions, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Handful fresh parsley leaves, lightly chopped, 12 fresh basil leaves, chiffonade], title: Marinated Tomato Salad with Herbs, picturelink: HlNSfeKbIyKc99kLUl5ezzaRFemoHvy}, 42144: {instructions: Special equipment: glass loaf pannPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line the glass loaf pan with the bacon, centering the strips lengthwise in the pan, letting the ends hang over the short edge. Lightly beat the eggs in a large bowl. Add the ketchup and sour cream and mix. Add the breadcrumbs, onions and garlic, stirring to incorporate, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Mix in the sausage, breaking it up to season the egg mixture evenly. Mix in the ground beef, using your hands to mix gently but thoroughly. Press the meatloaf mixture firmly into the loaf pan with the bacon, shaping the meat into a loaf shape. Unmold the meatloaf by turning the pan upsidedown, and tapping the bottom to release the meatloaf. Tuck the bacon under the loaf, and place it baconside up on a foiled or parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake until the meat registers 160 degrees F, 50 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with Mustard and Sour Cream Gravy.nIn a saucepan, heat the butter over medium heat, add the onions and saute until the onions are soft, about 6 minutes. Sprinkle the flour on top of the onions and cook for 1 minute, stirring. Turn up the heat to mediumhigh and whisk in the stock and 12 cup water. Cook at a simmer, whisking frequently, until the gravy begins to thicken. Turn off the heat and whisk in the sour cream, and then the mustard and Worcestershire sauce. Taste before adding salt and pepper. Serve on the meatloaf., ingredients: [3 strips bacon, 2 eggs, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 34 cup plain breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons minced yellow onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher and freshly ground black pepper, 2 Italian sausages, casings removed mild or spicy, 1 pound 8020 ground beef, Mustard and Sour Cream Gravy, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 onion, minced, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup beef stock, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Meatloaf with Mustard and Sour Cream Gravy, picturelink: 53hI6R7zlPhgbyhMeQRE6JpsOVm5ex6}, 42145: {instructions: Halve carrot pieces lengthwise and cut crosswise into 18inchthick slices. In a heavy medium skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and stirfry carrots until they begin to turn golden. Add garlic and stirfry 30 seconds. Add water and butter and simmer, covered, until carrots are just tender, about 3 minutes. Boil carrots, uncovered, until most of liquid is evaporated. Stir in lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [8 medium carrots, halved crosswise, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, sliced thin lengthwise, 23 cup water, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: StirFried Carrots and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 42146: {instructions: In a covered Dutch oven, heat the extravirgin olive oil over medium to mediumhigh heat. Cut the core away from the cauliflower and set the head into the pot and add the stock. Cover and steam until tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove and separate the cauliflower into florets. Discard the water from the pot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 large head cauliflower, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Quick Tip: Cauliflower, picturelink: null}, 42147: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a rimmed baking sheet and bake, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs, then drain and rinse under cold water. Transfer to a serving bowl and toss with the olive oil, parmesan, lemon juice, shallot, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and about half of the almonds. Season with salt and pepper. Top with the remaining almonds and the red pepper flakes.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [13 cup sliced almonds, Kosher salt, 1 34 cups ditalini pasta about 10 ounces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme preferably lemon thyme, roughly chopped, Freshly ground pepper, Pinch of red pepper flakes], title: Toasted Almond Pasta Salad, picturelink: gKZeH4pxgayPVNrZOibIh.u5bA83nK}, 42148: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat oil and cook onion until tender. Stir in garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in vinegar, ketchup, brown sugar and juice of lemon. Simmer for 15 minutes and season with Tabasco, salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 12 cups ketchup, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 lemon, Tabasco sauce, Salt and pepper], title: Homemade Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42149: {instructions: Add seasonings to flour. Roll chicken wings in mixture. Preheat oil in deep fryer to 375 degrees. Add floured chicken wings and cook for approximately 10 minutes until golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups flour, or enough to cover, Pinch Accent, Pinch salt, Pinch black pepper, Pinch garlic powder, Pinch paprika, Pinch beef base powdered beef stock, 1 pound chicken wings, Oil to cover for frying], title: Dots Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 42150: {instructions: Put green beans in a microwavesafe bowl with the water. Cover tightly and microwave on high for 4 minutes. Carefully remove the cover, drain in a colander, shaking off any excess water, and set aside.nWhile the beans are cooking, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large nonstick skillet. Add the shallots and cook, stirring, until softened slightly, about 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until the water they release has evaporated and they begin to brown, about 10 minutes. Add the green beans and stir to combine and rewarm. Season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 pound fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into 1 inch pieces, 1 tablespoon water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 13 cup sliced shallots about 2 medium, 34 pound assorted fresh mushrooms, ie: button, baby bella, shiitake, oyster, chanterelle, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Beans with Mushroom and Shallots, picturelink: adMSgVR2ERrznnVkXVM2fwf7bkPrGW}, 42151: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with heavyduty foil.n2. Put the sweet potatoes on the foil, drizzle with half of the oil and sprinkle with half of the celery salt and red pepper flakes. Turn with a spatula to coat. Roast until the potatoes are tender and beginning to shrivel, about 20 minutes.n3. While the potatoes are roasting, toss the asparagus with the remaining oil, celery salt and red pepper flakes in a medium bowl. Using a spatula, add the asparagus pieces to the sweet potato pan and toss to combine. Cook until the asparagus softens and the tips begin to brown, another 10 minutes. Sprinkle the Parmesan over the vegetables and cook until the cheese just melts and coats the vegetables, another 5 minutes. Spread the vegetables on a serving platter and sprinkle with the chopped parsley. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 medium sweet potatoes, cut into 12inch pieces about 4 cups, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons celery salt, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 bunch asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces about 3 cups, 2 to 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley 4 to 5 sprigs], title: Roasted Sweet Potatoes and Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 42152: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 roll string or fishing line 1 bat cookie cutternPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Roll out cookie dough to a 14inch thickness and cut with bat cookie cutters. If you cant find a bat cookie cutter, cut a bat shape out of lightweight cardboard, place it on the rolled out cookie dough and trace around with a sharp knife. Place the cookies on a cookie sheet. Poke a hole on the top of each bat cookie using a drinking straw. Bake for 7 to 11 minutes or until lightly brown. Two minutes before the cookies come out of the oven, repoke the holes to make sure they are large enough for threading a string. Remove cookies from the cookie sheet and cool on a cooling rack. Thread with 2 to 3foot lengths of string or fishing line. Frost the cookies and add red hots candy for eyes. String a clothesline across the room preferably the basement, porch or another room where you dont mind getting crumbs on the floor. Hang the cookies on the clothesline so they fall to the height of the childrens shoulders. If youre hosting a party with a variety of ages, be sure to hang the strings at different lengths. To play, instruct the children to keep their hands behind their backs and try to eat the cookies with their mouths only. The first child to eat the whole cookie wins., ingredients: [1 20ounce package refrigerator sugar cookie dough, 2 cans chocolate frosting, 1 package red hots candy, 1 roll string or fishing line, 1 bat cookie cutter], title: Bite the Bat Cookie Contest, picturelink: null}, 42153: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 10inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute 12 the chestnuts with salt and pepper, to taste, stirring, until crisp on outside being careful not to burn or cook until hard, about 4 minutes. Make other batch the same way. Remove from heat.nHalve and core pears, then cut lengthwise into thin slices.nWhisk together mustard, vinegar, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large bowl and add remaining 6 tablespoons oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Whisk in shallot.nAdd chicory, chestnuts, pears, and Stilton and toss until evenly coated. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, plus 6 tablespoons, 4 cups whole roasted, shelled, and skinned chestnuts, about 1 pound in shell or 2 14 ounce bottles, 4 firmripe red pears, 2 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoon Sherry vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallot, 1 head chicory curly endive, torn 6 cups, 8 ounces Stilton, crumbled], title: Pear, Stilton, and Chicory Salad with Crispy Chestnuts, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 42154: {instructions: For the sausage gravy:nIn a large heavy bottom pot melt the tablespoon of butter and brown the sausage for about 5 minutes. Add the heavy cream and bring to a simmer. Once at a simmer, add the hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce and maple syrup. Simmer the gravy for 15 minutes and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the biscuits:nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a bowl sift together the dry ingredients. Add the butter and incorporate the flour into it until the texture is consistent. Pour the milk into the flour mixture and mix with a fork until the dough begins to come together.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll out until its about 1inch thick. Cut the dough vertically and then horizontally, yielding approximately 15 square biscuits. Lay the biscuits out on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Glaze the top of each biscuit with a little bit of cream and place the sheet in the oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until the biscuits turn golden in color.nAssemble by placing a biscuit on a plate and covering it with about 12 a cup of the sausage gravy., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 log package sausage recommended: Jimmy Dean, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup maple syrup, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup cold butter, 1 cup whole milk, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Cream, for glazing], title: Biscuits with Dirty Sausage Gravy, picturelink: null}, 42155: {instructions: Bring stock to a boil in a nonreactive saucepan do not use aluminum which will react with eggs which come into play later on.nAdd bay leaf, sage, thyme and garlic cloves and cook, covered, at a bare simmer for 30 minutes.nStrain broth and discard herbs pass and press garlic through to liquid and season to taste with salt. In a mixing bowl combine the cheese with egg and yolk, olive oil and pepper to taste. Everything can be done in advance up to this point.nJust before serving, reheat the soup and drizzle a ladleful of hot soup into the egg and oil mixture to temper the eggs. Pour this tempered mixture back into the soup and whisk continuously over low heat until the soup thickens slightly. Take care not to over heat or the eggs will curdle.nSet a piece of French bread crouton in center of soup plate and ladle soup over the top. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 quart chicken stock, preferably homemade or half of stock and water, 1 bay leaf, Pinch dried sage, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 head of garlic cloves, peeled, Salt, 1 ounce each of freshly grated Parmesan and Swiss cheese, 1 egg mixed with 1 egg yolk, 14 cup good quality olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 toasted bread croutons made of sliced French bread, optional, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped parsley for garnish], title: Garlic Soup, picturelink: null}, 42156: {instructions: Bring the sugar and water to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat and simmer until reduced by 14. Add the parsley and let steep for at least 30 minutes, then strain and refrigerate the syrup until ready to use.nTo make the cocktail, pour 12 cup parsley syrup with the vodka, gin, lemon juice in a shaker with ice. Shake vigorously. Strain the cocktail into pint glasses filled to the brim with ice cubes., ingredients: [1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 cups water, 1 small bunch fresh parsley sprigs, 14 cup vodka, 14 cup gin, Juice of 1 lemon, Ice cubes, for serving], title: Palm Springs Parsley Punch, picturelink: null}, 42157: {instructions: 1. Cut bell peppers in half lengthwise remove seeds and membranes, but not stem. Place peppers, cutsides up, in 8x8inch glass baking dish or 10inch round microwavesafe plate. Combine rice, spinach, green onions and cheese in large bowl. Spoon mixture into pepper halves. Cover and microwave on HIGH 4 to 6 minutes or until peppers are crisptender and filling is hot. Let stand 2 minutes. Keep warm.n2. Meanwhile, press steak seasoning evenly onto steaks. Heat large nonstick skillet over medium heat until hot. Place steaks in skillet cook 11 to 14 minutes for medium rare 145 degrees F for medium 160 degrees F doneness, turning occasionally. Remove to platter keep warm.n3. Add broth and vinegar to same skillet cook and stir until browned bits attached to skillet are dissolved. Increase heat bring to a boil. Cook 3 to 4 minutes or until liquid is reduced to about 14 cup. Remove from heat. Stir in butter whisk until melted.n4. Serve steaks with sauce and peppers.nNutrition information per serving, using beef top loin steaks: 535 calories 12 g fat 5 g saturated fat 4 g monounsaturated fat 96 mg cholesterol 1484 mg sodium 63 g carbohydrate 6.6 g fiber 41 g protein 12.5 mg niacin 0.7 mg vitamin B6 1.9 mcg vitamin B12 8.2 mg iron 36.5 mcg selenium 5.9 mg zinc 119.7 mg choline.nThis recipe is an excellent source of fiber, protein, niacin, vitamin B6, vitamin B12, iron, selenium, zinc and choline.nNutrition information per serving, using beef tenderloin steaks: 580 calories 15 g fat 6 g saturated fat 5 g monounsaturated fat 113 mg cholesterol 1494 mg sodium 63 g carbohydrate 6.6 g fiber 46 g protein 10.6 mg niacin 0.8 mg vitamin B6 2.1 mcg vitamin B12 8.5 mg iron 42.6 mcg selenium 6.8 mg zinc 136.6 mg choline.nThis recipe is an excellent source of fiber, protein, niacin, vitamin B6, vitamin B12, iron, selenium, zinc and choline., ingredients: [2 boneless beef top loin strip steaks, cut 1 inch thick about 10 ounces each, trimmed and cut in half, 1 teaspoon steak seasoning, Stuffed Peppers:, 8 baby sweet bell peppers about 212 to 3 inches long, about 6 ounces, 1 package 8.8 ounces herbseasoned readytoserve long grain and wild rice blend, 12 cup chopped green onions, 12 cup frozen thawed chopped spinach, squeezed dry, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, Pan Sauce:, 34 cup vegetable broth, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Petite Steaks with Wild Rice Baby Peppers, picturelink: ExGpbZiiuRIvqudqO3QWayBzuathppy}, 42158: {instructions: Make the GoTo Chocolate Chip Cookies, substituting 10 to 12 ounces dark chocolate chips for the semisweet chips, and folding in 14 cup finely chopped crystallized ginger with the chocolate chips. Top each cookie with a little chopped crystallized ginger. Bake as directed., ingredients: [], title: Ginger Dark Chocolate Chip, picturelink: null}, 42159: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nHeat the oil in a large skillet, add the onion and mushrooms and cook until the liquid is evaporated and the mushrooms begin to brown about 8 minutes. Stir in the carrots, tomato paste, thyme and garlic and cook, stirring, 2 minutes more. Allow to cool completely.nIn a large bowl combine the beef, oats, eggs, Worcestershire sauce, mushroom mixture, salt and pepper. Mix until just well combined. Transfer the mixture to a 9x13 inch baking dish and shape into a loaf about 5 inches wide and 2 inches high.nIn a small bowl whisk the tomato sauce, molasses and mustard and pour over the meatloaf.nCook the meatloaf until a meat thermometer registers 160 degrees, about 5560 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest 15 minutes before slicing.nServing Size: one 1inch thick slice, ingredients: [1 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, diced 1 cup, 8 ounces white button mushrooms, finely diced, 1 small carrot, finely grated, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 clove of garlic, minced, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds extralean ground beef 90 lean or higher, 34 cup quickcooking oats, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 8ounce can nosalt added tomato sauce, 1 Tablespoon prepared mustard, 1 tablespoon unsulphered molasses], title: New Classic Meatloaf, picturelink: l1.ojKb3TC3GO0Dbgi6fbJsa.rErjO}, 42160: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nRemove the turkey giblets from the cavity and rinse the turkey well. Pat dry and put it on a roasting rack in a roasting pan. Salt the turkey cavity and squeeze the juice of the lemons inside the cavity. Stuff the cavity with the lemon halves, rosemary and 2 onion quarters. Add the remaining onion, all of the giblets and turkey parts, and 4 cups water to the bottom of the roasting pan. Season the skin of the turkey with salt and pepper, to taste, and rub with butter. Put the turkey in the oven and roast until the temperature of the breast reaches 170 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 3 12 to 4 hours. Baste the turkey with pan juices every 30 minutes. Cover with foil if browning too fast.nRemove the turkey to a cutting board when ready and allow it to rest for 20 to 30 minutes before carving. Arrange the carved turkey on a serving platter and gobble it up, ingredients: [1 16 to 18pound turkey, 2 lemons, halved, 4 sprigs rosemary, plus more for garnish, 2 large Spanish onions, peeled and quartered, 4 cups water, 1 stick butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Classic Turkey in 5, picturelink: b3px5h9e2qrBUG09ZeZvHjffc9r11H2}, 42161: {instructions: For the fried green tomatoes: Preheat the frying oil to 350 degrees F in a heavybottomed pot over medium to mediumhigh heat.nIn a shallow dish, combine the cornmeal, paprika, cayenne, salt and pepper and whisk together. In second shallow dish add the eggs, and in a third shallow dish add the flour. Dredge the slices of tomato into the flour, then the eggs and then the seasoned cornmeal. Add the breaded tomatoes to the oil, in batches if necessary, and fry until golden brown on each side, about 3 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the dressing: Whisk the vinegar, honey, mustard, salt and pepper in a bowl. Drizzle in the oil until emulsified.nTo assemble the salad: In a salad bowl, add the greens, feta cheese, almonds and peaches. Top with the balsamic vinaigrette dressing and mix together. Plate the salad and top with fried green tomatoes., ingredients: [Coconut oil, for frying, 1 12 cups cornmeal, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon ground pepper, plus more for seasoning, 3 eggs, beaten, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 green tomatoes, sliced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Pinch salt and ground pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 1 pound mixed greens, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup slivered almonds, 2 peaches, pitted and thinly sliced], title: Fried Green Tomato Salad with Balsamic Vinaigrette Dressing, picturelink: fh5cexFikdg0FN1oxlU3OBKYGNN2o1W}, 42162: {instructions: Preheat grill or cast iron grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nRemove any excess fat from chicken and rinse under cold water. Pat dry with paper towels. Use a pastry brush to brush with olive oil and season with 1 12 teaspoons jerk seasoning and salt, if desired. Set aside.nDrain pineapple slices and reserve juice. Season both sides of pineapple slices with 12 teaspoon of jerk seasoning set aside.nIn small saucepan, bring reserved pineapple juice, remaining 14 teaspoon jerk seasoning, and brown sugar to a boil over high heat. Reduce liquid by 12, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.nJust before grilling, oil grate. Place chicken breasts on grate and grill for 4 to 5 minutes per side or until cooked through. Remove to platter and tent with foil.nPlace pineapple slices on grate and grill for 1 to 2 minutes per side until grill marks appear and pineapple is heated through.nServe chicken breasts with pineapple slices and warm sauce.nNOTE: Chicken may also be broiled 4 to 6 inches from heat source for 6 to 8 minutes per side. Broil pineapple 1 to 2 minutes per side., ingredients: [4 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 14 teaspoons saltfree Jamaican jerk seasoning, divided recommended: The Spice Hunter, Salt, 1 20ounce can nosugar added pineapple slices, in juice with juice reserved recommended: Dole, 1 tablespoon brown sugar], title: Island Chicken, picturelink: nIfhndIn4PbH2PIlo08q..Ml8bARCCe}, 42163: {instructions: Heat the oil in a heavy bottomed pan over low heat. Add the onions and cook over low heat, stirring, until they golden brown in color. This process will take about 20 minutes. Remove from heat, cool.nIn a large mixing bowl, fold together the onions, sour cream, and chives. Add the Worcestershire sauce and garlic salt adjust to taste. Cover the dip and allow the flavors to mature for at least 2 hours. Serve with chips., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cups minced Spanish onions, 1 12 cups sour cream, 13 cup minced chives, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, Potato chips, for serving], title: Onion Dip, picturelink: null}, 42164: {instructions: Place cornmeal, flour, and sugar in a bowl and mix together. In a separate bowl, combine eggs, buttermilk, corn oil, and fresh corn and mix togethernFold mixtures together. Place 4 ounces of pancake mix onto a hot griddle. Cook on medium high heat for 4 minutes on each side, until cooked through., ingredients: [1 cup roasted cornmeal fine ground yellow cornmeal, 1 cup selfrising flour, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 eggs, 2 cups buttermilk, 3 ounces corn oil, 2 cups fresh corn kernels], title: Corn Cakes, picturelink: null}, 42165: {instructions: Combine the sugar and cornstarch in a 3quart saucepan and place over medium heat. Gradually stir in the milk and cook until mixture thickens, about 7 to 8 minutes. Be careful not to cook for too long. Cornstarch loses its thickening ability if it is cooked for too long. Remove pan from heat and whisk in the extract, salt and egg yolks until smooth. Place the pan back over heat, bring back to a simmer and stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, cook for 1 more minute. Be sure wooden spoon touches the bottom of the pan when stirring. Remove from heat stir in butter.nSlice 2 bananas and line the bottom of the prebaked pie shell with 12 the slices. Spoon 12 the filling on top, smooth with a spatula. Lay down another layer of banana slices, followed by remaining filling. Chill for at least 3 hours. Top with Chantilly Cream, then decorate with remaining banana, sliced. Serve immediately.nChill a mixing bowl and wire whisk in the freezer for 10 minutes before beginning. Beat heavy cream in the chilled bowl until it begins to foam and thicken up. Add the powdered sugar and continue to beat until the cream barely mounds. Do not overwhip.nCut the marshmallow in half and microwave for 10 seconds until soft and almost melted. Now, whip it into the cream to form soft peaks. Aside from adding a hint of vanilla flavor, the gelatin in the marshmallow will stabilize the cream. Refrigerate, covered, until ready to use., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 12 cups milk, 1 tablespoon banana extract, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut in small pieces, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 egg yolks, 9inch pie shell, thawed and baked, 3 bananas, sliced, Chantilly Cream, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, cold, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 large marshmallow], title: BananaDana Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 42166: {instructions: Cooking spray, for pansnWrite your fortunes on 24 pieces of paper that are about 12inch wide and 2 12inches long.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a small bowl sift together the flour, cornstarch and sugar.nIn a medium bowl whisk together the egg whites, vanilla, oil, and water until smooth. Add the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and mix until a smooth batter is formed.nWorking in batches of 4, drop the batter by tablespoons onto a nonstick baking sheet that has been lightly coated with cooking spray. Tilt the baking sheet in a circular motion to spread the batter into 4inch diameter circles.nBake until the edges of the cookies are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Remove from oven, and working quickly, use a spatula to remove the cookies from the baking sheet. Put a fortune into the center of a cookie and fold it in half. Bring the points together with open seams on the outside. Arrange in muffin tins to help keep the shape while cooling.nRepeat with remaining fortunes and cookies. Transfer to a serving bowl or basket and serve., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 12 cup sugar, 2 large egg whites, reserve yolks for online round 2 recipe, Beef Fried Rice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon water], title: Fortune Cookies, picturelink: null}, 42167: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace lobsters in pan and chill in freezer for 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, place 1 layer of river rocks in the bottom of a wide pot and fill with 1inch of water. Bring to a boil over high heat. Spread herbs across rocks, then quickly place lobsters on top. Cover and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and place in ice bath to halt cooking.nLay paper towels across a cutting board. Bring one lobster to the board and using your chefs knife, cut the lobster straight down the center, from head to tail. Remove tomalley and discard. Remove legs and claws. Using a rolling pin, roll over legs to extract the meat. Roughly chop the meat.nMove claws to pan and roast for 4 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and stir to coat. Follow with the lemon zest and scallions. Once onions are translucent add the leg meat. Then add the crackers and toss, off the heat, until all the liquid has been absorbed.nSpoon filling into the open body cavities. Brush tail meat with olive oil and place upright on the pan along with the claws. Roast 10 to 14 minutes or until the stuffing browns and tail meat becomes opaque.nCrack claws and remove the meat. Serve on top of stuffed lobster with extravirgin olive oil on the side for dipping.nSmooth river rocks are available from your local landscape company, ingredients: [2 1 12pound lobsters, Fresh herbs: parsley, rosemary, thyme, 4 tablespoons of butter, 12 onion, diced, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons sliced scallions, 2 handfuls crumbled buttery crackers, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing and drizzling], title: Stuffed Lobster, picturelink: null}, 42168: {instructions: Sprinkle 12 sliced lemon with 1 teaspoon kosher salt and set aside. Cook 12 ounces green beans trimmed in boiling salted water until crisptender, 5 minutes drain and rinse. Saute 2 smashed garlic cloves in olive oil over medium heat, 3 minutes. Add one 15ounce can cannellini beans drained and rinsed, the green beans and a pinch of red pepper flakes cook 2 minutes. Pat the lemon slices dry chop and add to the beans along with some chopped parsley. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Lemony TwoBean Salad, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 42169: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan over medium heat.nDrizzle olive oil over one side of each bread slice. Grill the bread slices on both sides until well marked. Set each bread slice on a plate.nFill a medium size saute pan with cold water. Add 1 tablespoon salt and the vinegar and bring to a boil lower the heat to a simmer.nMeanwhile, in another medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 1 tablespoon olive oil. Stir in the garlic and cook until just fragrant. Add the arugula and toss to wilt. Remove from heat. Place some arugula over each slice of bread.nCrack 1 egg into a small bowl then slowly slip it into the simmering water. Repeat with the rest of the eggs. Poach the eggs for about 3 minutes, until the whites have coagulated. One by one, remove the eggs from the water with a slotted spoon, resting the spoon on top of a towel to dry off the excess water.nPlace 1 egg on top of each bread slice. Spoon some of the gremolata on top of each egg and drizzle with some truffle oil. Sprinkle Parmesan evenly over each egg and serve immediately.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nChop the garlic and parsley and place in a small bowl. Add the zest and stir to combine., ingredients: [1 baguette, cut diagonally into 4 slices 13inch thick, Olive oil, for drizzling, plus 1 tablespoon, Salt, 2 teaspoons vinegar, your choice, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 cups baby arugula, 4 eggs, 2 tablespoons Gremolata, recipe follows, Truffle oil, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 3 cloves garlic, 12 cup flatleaf parsley, stems removed, 1 lemon, zested], title: Mini Challenge: Bruschetta with Poached Egg, Truffle Oil, and Arugula, picturelink: YoREgsrg7VeDye3prY3AaQpr9kaT5m}, 42170: {instructions: Beat 1 14 cups dark brown sugar and 1 stick butter until fluffy, then beat in 1 egg and 1 teaspoon vanilla, 14 cup molasses, 2 tablespoons minced crystallized ginger and a large pinch each of ground cinnamon and cloves with the egg. Whisk 1 12 cups flour, 12 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon salt and 34 teaspoon baking soda stir into the butter mixture. Do not chill. Drop by tablespoonfuls, sprinkle with coarse sugar and bake 8 to 12 minutes at 350 degrees., ingredients: [], title: Chocolate Gingerbreads, picturelink: Y638aZPM8q97vBnLG1XHAsEspF3E7BW}, 42171: {instructions: Special equipment: Special equipment: butchers twine, a roasting pan and rack Special Equipment: Potato MashernPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nScore the rind, using long, parallel slits 18 to 14inch apart across the width of the loin be careful to cut only halfway to the flesh see Cooks Note. Rub the rind with the salt, ensuring that the salt is rubbed well into the slits. Rub the rind with 12 of the olive oil.nFlip the loin over and rub the flesh side with the remaining olive oil. Place the garlic, thyme, and rosemary up against the flesh. Using butchers twine, tie the herbs to the loin.nPlace the loin on a rack in a roasting pan and roast for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and arrange the potatoes at the bottom of the roasting rack. Reduce the heat to 425 degrees F. Return the roast to the oven to cook for 1 additional hour or until an instantread thermometer poked into the center of the loin reaches 150 degrees F. Remove from the oven and let the loin rest for 30 minutes the internal temperature will continue to rise about 10 degrees F, and the loin will finish cooking while its resting see Cooks Note.nSlice the crackling crunch skin off in 1 piece and cut into 14inch strips. Slice the pork loin into 14inch slices. Serve the pork loin warm with Cracklings, Hassel Back Potatoes, and Apple Chutney.nPlace a potato in the palm of a wooden spoon. Use a sharp knife to make cuts 34 of the way down the width of each potato about 18inch apart. Toss the potatoes with olive oil, 1 tablespoon salt, and pepper in a large mixing bowl.nPlace the potatoes in the bottom of a roasting pan, evenly spaced apart. Cook underneath the roast during the last hour of cooking, until fork tender. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with additional salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a large saute pan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onion and 1 tablespoon of salt and cover. Saute until onions are translucent. Add the apple cider and increase to high heat. Reduce the cider until nearly evaporated. Add the vinegar and 1 cup sugar stir until the sugar dissolves. Add the apples and star anise. Cover and reduce the heat to medium. Cook for 10 minutes.nRemove the cover and continue to cook until thickened, about 10 minutes stirring frequently. Add the 13 cup of remaining sugar. Remove star anise and mash until smooth. Transfer to a plate to cool.nServe warm or at room temperature with pork, chicken, or curried dishes., ingredients: [4 pounds pork loin, center cut with a thick rindfat cap, skin intact, 12 cup kosher salt, 14 cup olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, Hassel Back Potatoes, recipe follows, Apple Chutney, recipe follows, 24 small Yukon gold potatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus salt to season, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus pepper to season, 14 cup unsalted butter, 3 cups thinly sliced Vidalia onions, see Cook Note, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 cups apple cider, 2 cups cider vinegar, 1 cup sugar, plus 13 cup, 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cut into 12inch pieces, see Cooks Note, 1 star anise], title: Pork Loin and Crackling with Hassel Back Potatoes, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 42172: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Arrange 6 6ounce ramekins in a roasting pan.nPlace the chopped chocolate in a bowl. In a heavy medium saucepan, combine the heavy cream and instant espresso powder and bring almost to a simmer over medium heat. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate. Allow to sit 1 minute. Using a whisk, combine the ingredients until the chocolate melts completely and the mixture is smooth. You could also heat the cream in the microwave until almost boiling. Pour over the chocolate and espresso powder. Let sit 2 minutes, and then whisk to combine.nWhisk the egg yolks, orange zest and sugar in large bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in the hot chocolate mixture and stir until the ingredients are incorporated.nDivide the custard equally among the cups using either a 4ounce ladle or a 6ounce ladle. Using a wet paper towel, clean up the sides of the ramekins, if needed. Pour enough hot water into the pan to come halfway up the sides of the cups. You could also place the ramekins in the roasting pan, place the pan in the oven and pour the water into the pan, halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake the custards until just set around the edges but still soft in the center, 35 to 40 minutes. Carefully remove the ramekins from the water. Refrigerate, uncovered, until cold.nSprinkle 1 to 2 teaspoons sugar evenly over each custard. Pick up the ramekin and gently swirl the sugar to evenly distribute. Working with 1 pot de creme at a time, hold a blowtorch so that the flame is 2 inches above the surface. Starting in the center and working in a circular motion, heat the sugar until it melts and caramelizes.nCooks Note: Feel free to try different chocolates or a combination of 2 or more. Milk chocolate adds mellow sweetness to the mix, while bittersweet chocolate adds a rich complexity. I find kids and the kid in some adults clamor for the milk chocolate and many adults adore the semisweet or bittersweet. Alternately, play with flavors. Swap out the espresso powder for a splash of raspberry liqueur, like Chambord or Framboise for a fruity finish. Experiment and find what you loveits funnPropane gas torches are highly flammable and should be kept away from heat, open flame, and prolonged exposure to sunlight. They should only be used in wellventilated areas. When lighting a propane gas torch, place the torch on a flat, steady surface, facing away from you. Light the match or lighter and then open the gas valve. Light the gas jet, and blow out the match. Always turn off the burner valve to finger tight when finished using the torch. Children should never use a propane gas torch without adult supervision., ingredients: [5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 14 cups heavy cream, Pinch of instant espresso powder, 6 egg yolks, 12 tablespoon fresh orange zest, 14 cup sugar, 6 to 12 teaspoons sugar, Special equipment: kitchen blowtorch], title: Chocolate Pot de Creme Brulee, picturelink: aWo.61mhKrXPKYynzj4Bo90QQrSvC}, 42173: {instructions: Place the 4 whole eggs in a pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and boil for 10 minutes. Drain, rinse under cold water and peel. Set aside on paper towels to absorb excess water.nIn a food processor, combine the basil leaves, whole pine nuts, Parmesan, garlic cloves, and 12 cup olive oil. Blend until smooth. Set aside.nCover each boiled egg with onequarter of the turkey by pressing the meat around the eggs.nPlace the beaten eggs in a bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the breadcrumbs, flour, salt, black pepper, cayenne, garlic salt and chopped pine nuts.nHeat the remaining 12 cup olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet.nDip each turkeycovered egg first in the eggs and then in the breadcrumbs, making sure the entire egg is encrusted with the crumbs.nFry the eggs in the hot oil, cooking 3 to 4 minutes each side, turning them in the pan to make sure the entire egg has been cooked.nOnce the exterior part of the eggs are brown, place on a paper towel to remove excess fat, and transfer to a plate. Drizzle the eggs with the pesto sauce and garnish with basil leaves.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 large whole eggs, plus 3 eggs beaten, 2 cups fresh basil leaves, plus a few leaves for garnish, 13 cup whole pine nuts, plus 3 tablespoons finely chopped, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 4 cloves garlic, 1 cup olive oil, 8 ounces ground turkey, 14 cup breadcrumbs, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Pinch garlic salt], title: Bills American Scotch Eggs, picturelink: HyEydaw.5YJruzEoalnM4nlAf0NXTi}, 42174: {instructions: In a large saucepan of boiling salted water, blanch lettuce for 3 minutes and refresh. Drain gently, squeeze dry. Slice each head in half lengthwise. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Fold in half crosswise and shape with your hands to make fat triangles.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F and set rack in lower third of oven.nIn a casserole, cook the scallion and carrot in the butter until tender but not browned. Arrange the lettuce in the casserole, and spoon the vegetables over the lettuce.nPour in enough liquid barely to cover the lettuce. Add the thyme and bay leaf. Bring to a simmer on top of the stove. Place the buttered paper over the lettuce to cover the casserole.nPlace casserole in center of preheated oven. Regulate heat so lettuce simmers slowly for 1 hour. Remove the lettuce to a serving dish and keep it warm. Quickly boil down the braising liquid until it has reduced to a syrup about 12 cup.nSprinkle with parsley and serve., ingredients: [6 heads Boston lettuce,trimmed and rinsed, Salt and pepper to taste, 12 cup scallion, minced, 12 cup carrots, minced, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 teaspoon thyme, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons parsley, minced, Round of buttered paper to cover casserole], title: Braised Lettuce, picturelink: null}, 42175: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the coating: In a medium bowl, mix together the quinoa, thyme, lemon zest, salt, and pepper. Beat the eggs in another medium bowl.nFor the lamb: Heat 14 cup olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. Dip the lamb chops in the egg and then coat with the quinoa mixture, pressing lightly to help the coating stick. Add half the lamb chops to the pan and cook until light golden, about 5 minutes on each side for mediumrare. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil to the pan and cook the remaining chops. Allow the chops to rest for 5 minutes.nFor the sauce: In a small bowl, mix together the creme fraiche, maple syrup, and thyme until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo serve, arrange the lamb chops on a platter and serve the sauce alongside., ingredients: [1 cup quinoa, 13 cup chopped fresh thyme, Zest of 1 large lemon, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 1inch thick lamb chops about 2 12 to 3 pounds, fat removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup creme fraiche, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Quinoa and Herb Crusted Lamb, picturelink: y2bjyLYMmIMAVfVtvyjP8kFCgtld9zG}, 42176: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMarinate the chicken in a mixture of the buttermilk, pepper sauce, and 1 teaspoon of the salt in a large glass bowl. Let sit for 8 hours or overnight in the refrigerator, turning the chicken pieces over at least once. Once ready to cook, remove the chicken from the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the chicken from the buttermilk and blot the excess liquid with paper towels. Mix the flour, remaining 1 teaspoon salt, breadcrumbs, granulated garlic, paprika, and black pepper in a large bowl. In a large frying pan, heat 1inch of oil over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, toss the chicken in the flour, making sure the chicken is fully coated and dry. Fry the chicken 3 minutes on each side. Then transfer each piece of chicken to a baking sheet lined with a cooling rack and bake until the internal temperature is 170 degrees F, about 15 more minutes., ingredients: [1 chicken, cut up into 10 pieces, 2 cups buttermilk, 1 tablespoon red hot pepper sauce, 2 teaspoons salt, divided, 1 cup flour, 12 cup seasoned breadcrumbs, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Weeknight Buttermilk Fried Chicken, picturelink: mGb6DuEcDcCBvoQbKUsVYaMLaAfQuzC}, 42177: {instructions: Combine the orange, cranberry, and pineapple juices in a large container. Add the 2 vodkas and the halved fruits to the punch. Transfer to the refrigerator and chill over night., ingredients: [1 gallon orange juice, 1 gallon cranberry juice, 1 15ounce can pineapple juice, 6 limes, halved, 6 lemons, halved, 6 oranges, halved, 4 cups mandarin vodka, 4 cups citron vodka], title: Citrus Tropical Punch, picturelink: null}, 42178: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the bacon in a deep saute pan on mediumhigh heat until crisp, then set aside, leaving the fat in the pan. Add the red pepper flakes, garlic and lemon zest, and saute until fragrant. Add the collard greens and cook until they begin to wilt. Add the chicken stock and 12 cup water and cover, lowering the heat to a simmer. Let cook until the greens are tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Uncover, add back the bacon, raise the heat to mediumhigh, and reduce the liquid by onequarter, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the lemon juice, and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 strips bacon, cut into small lardons, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, Juice and zest of 1 lemon, 1 large bunch collard greens, stemmed and sliced into 1inch strips, 12 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Braised Collard Greens, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 42179: {instructions: Add enough oil in skillet to come 2 inches up the side of the pan. Heat oil to 375 degrees F.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, heavy cream and Szechuan seasoning.nOnce oil is heated, in a large bowl combine tempura mix and ice water. Mixture will be thick and lumpy. Working in batches, dip rock shrimp in batter shaking off any excess and add to oil. Fry for 2 to 4 minutes or until golden brown. Remove shrimp from oil and drain with a slotted spoon. Make sure oil temperature does not fall below 350 degrees F. Skim oil between batches.nIn a large bowl toss cooked shrimp in sauce until lightly coated. Serve warm on endive leaves. Top with frenchfried onions., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 12 cup real mayonnaise, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon heavy whipping cream, 2 teaspoons Szechuan seasoning, 2 cups tempura batter mix recommended: Hime, 1 12 cups ice water, 1 pound rock shrimp, Endives, for garnish, Crispy onions recommended: Frenchs Original, for garnish], title: Rock Shrimp with Spicy Creamy Sauce, picturelink: iLWCZofoQ7UODo3EpcOK1T.uGBLp49S}, 42180: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. In a pan, saute the onions in oil until browned and caramelized. Put the cream cheese in a large bowl and pour the hot onions over to melt. In the meantime, in a large pot of boiling water, cook the noodles until done. Drain and add to the mixing bowl. Stir in the raisins, bouillon then the cottage cheese and sour cream. In a separate bowl, beat the eggs with a fork. Mix into the noodles. Season with salt and pepper. Lightly oil a casserole and add the mixture. Dot the top with the butter. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 large onions, diced to make 2 cups, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound cream cheese, 12ounce package egg noodles, 1 cup golden raisins, 1 cube chicken bouillon, 1 pound pint cottage cheese, 1 pint sour cream, 6 eggs, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon butter or butter substitute], title: Noodle Kugel, picturelink: SULxkyQLT6HrHRb60Pa3Wjjw1XSISV.}, 42181: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F with a rack set on the middle shelf.nDrain the tuna, reserving the oil, about 13 cup. If you do not have 13 cup oil from the tuna, add enough extravirgin olive oil to yield 13 cup.nUse your hands to tear the bread slices into large pieces and put in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until only fine crumbs remain, about 2 cups. Place the breadcrumbs on a baking sheet and toss with the reserved tuna oil. Season liberally with salt. Bake until light golden brown and crispy, 10 to 12 minutes, gently tossing the crumbs occasionally. Cool slightly on a cooling rack, and then use your hands to break up any large chunks.nMeanwhile, bring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil it should taste like sea water.nWhile the water is coming to a boil, make the pasta sauce. Heat the olive oil in a large, straightsided skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and a large pinch of crushed red pepper flakes. Cook until the garlic softens and starts to lightly brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the grape tomatoes, capers and white wine. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and cook until the tomatoes start to soften and the wine is reduced by half, 4 to 6 minutes. Add the romaine and drained tuna. Season liberally with salt and cook until the romaine is completely wilted and the tuna is heated through, 3 to 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Turn off the heat.nCook the pasta in the salted boiling water until al dente. Reserve 12 cup of the pasta cooking water, and then drain the pasta.nToss the pasta with the tuna sauce in a large mixing bowl. Use as little or as much of the reserved pasta water to loosen the sauce to your taste. Season with additional salt and crushed red pepper flakes if needed.nTo serve, divide the pasta among 4 to 6 plates, top with the toasted breadcrumbs and drizzle with additional olive oil., ingredients: [14 ounces canned tuna in extravirgin olive oil, or jarred tuna, 6 slices stale white sandwich bread, crusts removed, Kosher salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 cloves garlic, minced, Crushed red pepper flakes, 2 cups grape tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons capers in brine, drained, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 hearts of romaine, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 pound penne rigate], title: Penne with Tuna and Wilted Romaine, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 42182: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the chicken and cornstarch. Season lightly with salt and pepper and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, peanut and sesame oils, and the sherry wine vinegar. Add the spinach, celery, carrot, and onion, and toss and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Using 2 large or 3 small radicchio leaves for each serving, form 4 cups and arrange on a large serving platter. Divide the salad among the cups and set aside.nIn a 10inch skillet, heat the peanut oil over high heat until smoking. Form the chicken into 1 large patty and carefully set in the pan. Let brown on 1 side, then stir in the garlic, ginger, green onions, and chili pepper flakes, breaking up the patty, and continue to stir until the chicken is browned. Pour in the rice wine vinegar, plum wine, soy sauce, and stock, and reduce until most of the liquid has evaporated. Correct seasoning, to taste.nDivide the chicken mixture and spoon equal amounts into the radicchio cups. Sprinkle with the chopped mint or cilantro., ingredients: [34 pound uncooked chicken meat, white or dark, ground, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon sherry wine vinegar, 1 cup densely packed spinach leaves, 12 cup julienned celery, 12 cup julienned carrots, 12 cup julienned onion, 8 to 12 whole radicchio leaves, soaked for 15 minutes in ice water, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 3 green onions, trimmed and minced, 14 teaspoon chili pepper flakes, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup plum wine, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint or cilantro], title: Chinois Minced Garlic Chicken in Radicchio Cups, picturelink: null}, 42183: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 wooden skewersnSoak skewers in water for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nPreheat the grill. Preheat frying oil to 375 degrees F.nMarinate the scallops and beef in jerk seasoning. Let sit for 10 minutes refrigerated.nIn a blender add in the roasted peppers, tomatoes, almonds, garlic, oil and vinegar. Blend well and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nBegin skewering the beef, scallops and vegetables. Use all. Dredge the polenta in flour and fry the batons until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and place on paper towels and season with salt and pepper.nOn a serving plate, stack the polenta fries with a dollop of romesco sauce on the side. Place the skewers on top of each other and serve warm., ingredients: [1 6ounce beef tenderloin, large dice, 6 scallops. cleaned, 2 tablespoons premixed jerk seasoning, 12 red pepper, large dice, 12 red onion, large dice, 12 pablano pepper, diced large, 1 packages premade polenta, sliced into large batons, 12 cup allpurpose flour, for dredging, 1 red pepper, roasted and peeled, 1 tablespoon almonds, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup cherry tomatoes, roasted, 2 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 quarts canola oil, for frying], title: Beef and Scallop Skewers with Romesco Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42184: {instructions: For the dough:nPlace the yeast, warm water and honey in a small bowl and stir to dissolve. Add the olive oil and salt, stir to combine.nAdd the flour to the bowl of a standing mixer with a dough hook. Add the water, olive oil, salt and honey mixture. Mix on low for roughly three minutes, then increase to a medium speed and knead until the dough is elastic and starts to come away from the sides of the bowl, roughly 3 minutes. The dough should be smooth and firm. Ball up the dough and place in a large lightly oiled glass bowl. Flip to cover both sides of the dough with oil. Cover with a towel and let rise in a warm draft free area for 2 hours, until roughly doubled in bulk.nCut the dough into 4 equal pieces, smooth into a ball and let rest for 20 more minutes before cooking.nFor the pizza:nPreheat grill to high heat. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a saute pan over medium heat. Add olive oil and saute onion, green bell pepper, garlic, salt and pepper until tender about 3 minutes. Remove to a glass bowl.nFlour work surface and roll out pizza dough into 4 6inch circles, and 18 to 14inch thick. Brush with olive oil and place on grill. Grill for about 3 minutes on the first side. Flip and cook for 1 more minute. Remove to a sheet tray and grill off the other dough balls, if using. Spread 14 cup of BBQ sauce evenly on each pizza. Add 12 cup of chopped pork and top with a quarter of the sauteed vegetables. Sprinkle with the cheeses. Repeat. Bake the pizzas in the oven for 10 minutes until the cheese is melted. Serve immediately.nMix in all the ingredients until smooth. Cover and chill for one hour to meld the flavors.nAdd all ingredients to a bowl and stir until combined. Keep in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nIn a large saucepan, combine all ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer. Cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 1 hour 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 package active dry yeast, 1 12 cups warm water about 105 to 115 degrees F, 1 teaspoon honey, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 12 cups bread flour, Allpurpose flour, for surface, 1 tablespoon olive oil, for saute, 1 medium yellow onion, sliced, 12 green bell pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, for brushing, 1 cup Neelys BBQ Ranch Dipping sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups cooked pulled pork, beef or chicken, 1 8ounce package shredded mozzarella, 4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 34 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoons Neelys BBQ seasoning, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons Neelys BBQ sauce, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 34 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon dried dill, 1 tablespoon sliced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 12 cups paprika, 34 cup sugar, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Neelys BBQ Pizza, picturelink: NKPwwAyGMJwKq6yd9wfNc1.3GeFTsNa}, 42185: {instructions: Slice the tomatoes into 14inch thickness. Drain cheese of any excess water and slice into 14inch slices. Set aside. Arrange the tomato and cheese slices so they over lap each other. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle with the olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Top with the basil., ingredients: [2 medium to small vineripened tomatoes, 1 small ball bufula mozzarella approximately 4 ounces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons basil chiffonade], title: Wolfgangs Salad Tasting Plate: Mozzarella Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 42186: {instructions: Peel potatoes and cut into 14inch matchsticks. Heat oil to 300 degrees F. Blanch fries for 2 minutes and let cool. Heat oil to 350 degrees F. Fry for 3 minutes, or until fries are brown and rise to the top. Sprinkle with the spice blend.nToss all the spices together in a large bowl. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes 4 medium, 2 quarts vegetable or peanut oil, for frying, Spice Blend, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon ground dried thyme, 14 teaspoon ground dried oregano], title: Spicy Sweet Potato Frites, picturelink: null}, 42187: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, blend together the cream cheese, butter, and vanilla and almond extracts. Add the confectioners sugar and mix until smooth., ingredients: [1 pound cream cheese at room temperature, 34 pound unsalted butter at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 1 12 pounds confectioners sugar, sifted], title: Cream Cheese Icing, picturelink: bvtCpYtZWwalFJU07tAToNUrYirpie}, 42188: {instructions: Pairs well with: cabernetnAdd the beef stock to a saucepan and reduce over mediumhigh heat to 12 cup, about 1 hour.nSprinkle the steaks on both sides with the salt and pepper. In a large skillet or castiron pan over mediumhigh heat, heat 2 tablespoons of the butter and the olive oil. When the butter has melted and the oil shimmers, add the steaks. Brown the steaks on both sides, 3 minutes per side. Transfer the steaks to a plate and set aside, lightly covered with foil.nAdd the mushrooms and shallots to the pan and cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently, adding oil if needed. Add the garlic. When the garlic is lightly colored, add the brandy be careful, it can ignite. Add the wine, mustard, Worcestershire and the reduced beef stock. Simmer for 2 to 3 minutes more. Return the steaks to the pan and finish cooking them to the desired temperature, 2 to 4 minutes, depending upon the size of the filets and desired temperaturedoneness. For mediumrare, cook to 135 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter to the sauce to melt.nTo serve, place a steak on each plate and pour the sauce over the steak., ingredients: [1 quart lowsodium beef stock, Four 6 to 8ounce filet mignons, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups thinly sliced cremini mushrooms, 2 shallots, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup brandy, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Steak Diane, picturelink: B1XT40273bO9WtsB8NNvDnSfdjwEQlS}, 42189: {instructions: Hazelnut powder:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper and lightly butter it, set aside.nIf hazelnuts are raw, toast them in the oven, and then rub the skins off in a clean, dry dishtowel. Blanch toasted hazelnuts in boiling water for 30 seconds and then immediately chill them in ice water. Squeeze the nuts through the skins.nGrind the hazelnuts in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade with 5 ounces confectioners sugar, until smooth and fine, approximately 10 to 15 seconds.nWhisk together the hazelnut powder, 2 ounces confectioners sugar, and flour lightly.nIn a standing mixer, whip the egg whites on medium speed. When whites begin to foam, increase speed to high. When whites are at stiff peak, pour in the extrafine sugar. Fold in dry ingredients in 3 additions.nPour meringue mixture into piping bag without a tip. Pipe teardrop shapes with 2inch diameter bottoms onto prepared sheet pan.nBake for 7 to 8 minutes. Meringues will puff and begin to burst when finished baking. Meringues will be crispy on the outside but soft in the middle.nServe immediately, or let cool and fill or top with ganache.nIn a small sauce pan heat the heavy cream, vanilla bean, and Frangelico to a simmer. Place chocolate into a metal bowl. Once the cream simmers, remove the vanilla bean and pour it over the chocolate, stir until smooth. Let it cool to room temperature. With a rubber spatula, scrape ganache into a pastry bag fitted with a medium size star tip, and pipe into Hazelnut Meringues., ingredients: [5 ounces hazelnuts, raw or blanched, 5 ounces confectioners sugar, plus 2 ounces confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 4 egg whites, 5 ounces extrafine sugar, Serving suggestion: Frangelico Ganache, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean or vanilla bean shell, 1 to 2 tablespoons Frangelico, a hazelnut liqueur, 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chop], title: Hazelnut Meringues, picturelink: null}, 42190: {instructions: Make the dipping sauce: Whisk the maple syrup and hot sauce in a bowl.nMake the chicken fingers: Whisk the egg, buttermilk, mustard and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the chicken and toss to coat.nPulse the waffles in a food processor to make fine crumbs. Transfer the crumbs to a baking sheet.nHeat 12 inch of vegetable oil in a large skillet or heavybottomed pot until hot but not smoking. Remove the chicken from the egg mixture, shaking off any excess, and coat with the waffle crumbs, pressing firmly to adhere. Fry the chicken in batches, adjusting the heat if necessary, until golden brown and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a rack set over a baking sheet to drain. Serve with the dipping sauce.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [12 cup pure maple syrup, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, For the chicken fingers:, 1 large egg, 14 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon yellow or dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts, each cut into 8 strips, 8 thawed frozen wholewheat or regular waffles, torn into pieces, Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying], title: Waffle Chicken Fingers, picturelink: .DCNNYX9lqIFa6j3FrVJchaVSROaJm6}, 42191: {instructions: Begin by cleaning and marinating the chicken in 6 ounces of the olive oil, fresh rosemary, and a pinch of salt for approximately 4 hours.nTo prepare the polenta, bring the salted water to a boil. Once the water has boiled, sprinkle the polenta flour in the water and beat with a whisk. Lower the heat and cook for about 40 minutes until the polenta falls away from the sides of the pan. It is hard to determine the exact amount of water as it depends on the quality of the polenta flour. If it becomes hard, add hot water until the polenta softens and can be stirred.nTo cook the chicken, remove it from the marinade, dust the chicken breasts with flour, place them in a pan, add the white wine, and cook on high heat for 10 minutes, flipping on each side.nAt the same time the chicken is cooking, using another pan, heat the remaining 3 ounces of olive oil. Add the rosemary sprigs to flavor the oil. Take the rosemary out and add the porcini mushrooms and salt. Cook for 5 minutes and then add the chopped parsley.nTo serve, place the chicken on a plate and add some of the sauce from the pan. On the side place some polenta and top it with some of the porcini mushrooms. To garnish, sprinkle some parsley and add a sprig of rosemary., ingredients: [6 chicken breasts, 6 ounces olive oil, plus 3 ounces, 3 tablespoons chopped rosemary, Salt, 32 ounces salted water, 1 pound polenta flour, 6 ounces allpurpose flour, 6 ounces dry white wine, 2 rosemary sprigs, 2 pounds porcini mushrooms, sliced, 4 ounces parsley, chopped finely], title: Breast of Chicken with Rosemary and Polenta with Porcini Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 42192: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly coat two 9inch round layer pans with cooking spray and sift on cocoa tap out excess cocoa. For a 10 to 12 cup capacity Bundt pan, generously coat the depressions of the design with spray, then sift on the cocoa.nMelt the chocolate in the top of a small double boiler set over simmering water. Set it aside to cool.nIn a mediumsized bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa, salt, baking powder, baking soda, and nutmeg set aside.nIn a larger bowl, combine and beat together the eggs plus whites, yogurt, sugar, corn syrup, applesauce, oil, and vanilla. Stir or slowly beat in the dry ingredients, blending just until smooth. Scrape in the melted chocolate and beat well. The batter will bee quite runny.nPour the batter into the prepared pan, smooth the top, and bake it for 55 to 60 minutes for a Bundt cake, 25 to 30 minutes for layers, or 25 to 28 minutes for a sheet cake. Bake until the cake is springy to the touch and a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean or with just a few crumbs attached dont overbake or the cake will be dry.nCool the cake in the pans about 5 minutes on a wire rack, then invert and remove the pans. Cool completely. If you wish, sift some unsweetened cocoa on top just before serving., ingredients: [Butterflavor nostick cooking spray, Unsweetened Dutchprocessed cocoa for dusting the pans, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, 1 cup sifted cake flour, 34 cup unsifted unsweetened Dutchprocessed cocoa, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch of nutmeg, 2 large eggs plus 3 large egg whites, 2 tablespoons vanilla or plain nonfat yogurt, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup dark corn syrup, 34 cup unsweetened applesauce, 14 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 to 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa], title: Midnight Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 42193: {instructions: Dissolve salt, sugar, and yeast in the warm water and allow the yeast to proof. Proofing the yeast is testing it for viability. It will develop a foam which looks like the head of a beer. If it doesnt proof, the yeast is dead and should be discarded. Proofing takes about 15 minutes. Place flour in a food processor fitted with a dough blade, and through the feed tube with the food processor running, slowly pour the proofed yeast mixture, until the dough comes together and is a cohesive mass. Transfer the dough to a floured board, and knead for about 5 minutes. Place in a bowl, cover with a clean dish towel and allow dough to rise, so that it roughly doubles in volume. This will take about 30 minutes to 1 hour. The dough has risen enough if you make an indentation with your finger and it does not spring back. Punch the dough down and allow it to rise again. Allowing the dough to rise a second time gives it a finer texture. Note: It will not rise as much the second time.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nDivide the dough in half, and transfer half to a floured board and keeping the balance covered with the towel. Shape the dough into a circle by pulling from the side and pushing the dough under and up from the bottom to form a dome, rotating to make it circular. Cover with a piece of oiled plastic wrap and let rest 10 minutes. Repeat for each section of dough. Grease a round cake pan for each loaf and transfer dough to the pans. This shape will keep the dough from flattening out while it bakes. Brush with melted butter and bake until the crust is golden brown and crispy. When done, the bread should sound hollow when tapped, approximately 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest 10 minutes in pan. Remove from pan and serve warm or room temperature with butter., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 14ounce packet fresh fastacting yeast, 1 12 cups warm water, between 100 and 115 degrees F, as measured with a candy thermometer any hotter will kill the yeast  an organic leavener too cool and the yeast wont be activated, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus some extra for kneading, 14 cup melted butter], title: Fresh Baked Boules, picturelink: null}, 42194: {instructions: Trim all visible fat off the pork and cut into 1inch cubes and place in a bowl. Combine coriander, cumin, mustard, and chilies and grind into a fine powder and transfer into a measuring cup. Add turmeric, vinegar, and garlic and mix. Pour the marinade over the pork and rub well. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Heat the oil in a large heavybottomed pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the cinnamon, cloves, and onions, and ginger. Cook until the onions are very soft  do not let them brown  about 5 minutes. Remove pork from the refrigerator and drain, reserving the liquid. Add pork to the onion mixture and cook until the meat is lightly seared. Add paprika, plam sugar, water, salt, and the reserved liquid and bring the contents to a boil. Simmer pork for 1 12 hours or until very tender. Serve vindaloo with plain or coconut rice., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless pork shoulder or leg, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds, 10 dry red chili peppers, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 13 cup coconut or red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 5 tablespoons mustard oil or olive oil, 1 3inch stick cinnamon, 6 whole cloves, 1 cup finely chopped onions, 1 tablespoon grated or crushed fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon Goan palm sugar or jaggery or maple syrup, 1 cup water, Coarse salt], title: Pork in Hot and Spicy Cayenne Sauce Vindaloo, picturelink: null}, 42195: {instructions: Place the olives in a bowl, add the chile and garlic, cover with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, if necessary.nThis sauce may also be made in a food processor. Briefly pulsechop the olives, then add the chile and garlic, and again briefly pulsechop. Avoid overprocessing and ending up with a paste., ingredients: [About 8 ounces 225 grams strong black olives, stoned and roughly chopped, 1 fresh red chile, seeded and finely chopped, 1 garlic clove, peeled and crushed, About 12 cup 120 ml extravirgin olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Olive and Chili Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42196: {instructions: Season chicken breasts with paprika salt and pepper and set aside. Heat olive oil in large saute pan and place chicken in it browning on both sides. Place in 400degree oven for 8 to10 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool then dice into large pieces. Heat cream in large saucepan, add herbs, salt, and pepper and reduce by half. Add the cooked rigatoni, cheese and cooked chicken and simmer for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and serve., ingredients: [6 6ounce boneless skinless chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons Hungarian paprika, 1 tablespoon kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 quart heavy cream, 2 tablespoons of thyme, 2 pounds of cooked rigatoni, 6 ounces goat cheese], title: Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 42197: {instructions: Heat oil over medium heat in a medium skillet. Add onions and garlic. Cook until translucent, add chili paste, curry powder and salt. Stir to combine. Stir in peanut butter, coconut milk, vinegar, brown sugar and 2 tablespoons of warm water. Stir well and bring to a simmer. Let simmer for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring until the sauce thickens and the peanut butter dissolves.nAdd 2 tablespoons of peanuts to the sauce and then transfer it to a blender. Blend until smooth, adding 2 to 4 tablespoons of boiling water to help sauce emulsify. Transfer it to a bowl. Let sauce cool to room temperature. Before serving, garnish with the remaining peanuts. The sauce may be made a day ahead and refrigerated in an airtight container. Bring back to room temperature for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 teaspoons chili paste, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup smooth peanut butter, 14 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, packed, 14 cup coarsely chopped roasted unsalted peanuts, 14 cup boiling water], title: Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42198: {instructions: Score the flesh of the fish from top to belly to 5 equal incisions from head to tail. Repeat this process on both sides. Season with salt and pepper on both sides and in the cavity. Make sure the seasoning is inside the incisions. Repeat this process with the herb oil. Place the fish on the barbecue and grill for about 15 minutes on each side. Be careful when turning the fish over and removing from the grill. The fish will be more delicate when it is cooked. For maximum flavor brush the fish with herb oil as soon as you remove it from the grill.nCombine all ingredients. This can be prepared in advance and used for multiple recipes., ingredients: [1 8 pound whole sea bass, eviscerated and all outside fins and scales removed, 2 tablespoons herb oil, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup chopped chervil leaves, 14 cup chopped basil leaves, 14 cup chopped thyme leaves, 1 quart blended olive oil], title: Whole Roasted Bass, picturelink: null}, 42199: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a Dutch oven onethird full with oil and heat to 350 degrees F.nFry the wontons in one layer, not overcrowding the pot. Flip the wontons once or twice until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the wontons with tongs or a slotted spoon and drain on a large wire rack set over a shallow pan. Repeat until all the wontons are fried.nMix the ricotta, sugar and liqueur until well combined in a large bowl. Whip the cream in a separate bowl until soft peaks form, using a hand mixer. Fold the whipped cream and 12 cup of the chocolate chips gently into the ricotta mixture.nAdd the ricottacream mixture to a medium dip bowl or 8by8inch baking dish and spread evenly. Starting from the left side of bowl, make a row, from top to bottom, of pistachios, followed by a row of the remaining 12 cup chocolate chips, then the cherries. Grate fresh orange zest over the bowl and plate the wonton chips on the side. Dust the chips with sugar and serve., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 1 package about 36 square wonton wrappers, cut diagonally in half, 2 cups whole milk ricotta, 12 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons orange liqueur, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup pistachios, coarsely chopped, 12 cup maraschino cherries, chopped, 12 orange, zested], title: Deconstructed Cannoli Chips and Dip, picturelink: wow1ou.3KQ0VqehdVMt6qIgz5iGKtu.}, 42200: {instructions: MIX all ingredients in 2qt. microwaveable bowl.nMICROWAVE on HIGH 5 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted, stirring after 3 min. Stir until well blended.nSERVE with tortilla chips or assorted cutup vegetables., ingredients: [1 lb. 16 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut up, 1 can 10 oz. diced tomatoes and green chiles, undrained, 1 can 15 oz. chili with beans], title: VELVEETA Zesty Chili Dip, picturelink: WdOb66o1MbGLfqv3GDiZJH0uBl3hom.}, 42201: {instructions: In a large stock pot over high heat add 2 tablespoons oil. Add the chicken thighs and ham hocks and brown thighs on both sides. Remove chicken to a plate, leaving the ham hocks in the pot. Add to pot 1 cup of onions, celery, carrots and garlic and cook for 5 to 7 minutes. Deglaze with white wine and reduce by half. Next add the seafood stock, saffron and 2 quarts of water and let simmer for 2 hours or until reduced by half. When stock is finished simmering, strain and hold stock on low heat.nIn a large saute pan or paella pan add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, chorizo, red bell pepper and the remaining 1 cup onion, cook until the onions are translucent, but do not brown. Add rice, salt and pepper to pan and saute until all grains of rice are coated with oil of the pan. Form rice around the pan so it is level, next add 1 cup of broth at a time to the rice do not stir the rice. When rice is al dente, or 34 of the way of being fully cooked, add chicken thighs, shrimp, scallops, mussels, and clams. Bury the seafood items in the rice so they will cook.nAdd final cup of broth and cover entire pan tightly with another pan or lid. Let sit off heat for 10 to 15 minutes or until seafood is cooked.nGarnish with scallions and Roma tomatoesnDirections., ingredients: [4 tablespoons canola oil, divided, 6 skinless chicken thighs, 2 ham hocks, 2 cups onion, diced, divided, 1 cup celery, roughly chopped, 1 cup carrots, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons garlic, minced, 1 cup white wine, Seafood stock, about 2 cups, 1 tablespoon saffron dissolved in 1 cup warm water for 3 minutes, 1 pound Mexican style chorizo, 1 cup red bell peppers, diced, 3 cups Arborio rice, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 6 scallops, 6 mussels, 6 clams, choice, 12 cup scallions, diced, for garnish, 14 cup Roma tomatoes, for garnish], title: Chicken and Seafood Paella, picturelink: 48MaUKZkGWK17inmi4zZpr1to8Jcebe}, 42202: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large skillet set over medium heat until crispy. Transfer to a papertowellined plate. Allow to cool slightly, then crumble and divide in half.nWhile the bacon is cooking, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a baking sheet and toast until fragrant, 5 to 7 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, stir together the Cheddar, beer, parsley, lime juice, Worcestershire, cumin, cayenne, half of the jalapenos, the cream cheese, garlic cloves and half of the crumbled bacon until well combined. Season with salt.nOn a large plate, stir the toasted pecans, remaining jalapenos and bacon together until evenly distributed. Wet hands slightly to prevent the cheese from sticking. Shape the cream cheese mixture into a ball.nRoll the ball in the pecan mixture until coated on all sides. Cover the ball and refrigerate for at least an hour before serving., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, 12 cup chopped pecans, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 12 cup IPA craft beer, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Pinch cayenne pepper, 4 jalapenos, ribs and seeds removed and finely chopped, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt, Crackers, for serving], title: IPA and Cheddar Spread, picturelink: null}, 42203: {instructions: Thinly sliced whole wheat bread about 3 by 3inches wide, as needednTo make the Arctic Char: Thinly slice the Arctic char into 14inch thick slices and rub them with kosher salt. In a bowl, whisk together the vinegar, sugar, and ginger. Put the arctic char in the vinegar mix and refrigerate for 1 hour.nTo make the LemonMarinated Cucumber Salad: Using a Japanesestyle mandolin, julienne the cucumber and transfer to a bowl. Add the lemon juice and peel, sugar, and dill. Season with sea salt, to taste.nTo make the Horseradish Cream: In a bowl, whisk together all of the ingredients and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo serve, spread the bread slices with the cream and top with the Arctic char and cucumber salad., ingredients: [6 ounces boneless, skinless Arctic char, Kosher salt, as needed, 4 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoon sugar, 1 1inch piece fresh peeled ginger, chopped, 1 English cucumber, cut into 2inch sections, 2 lemons, juiced, 1inch section lemon peel, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped dill, Sea salt, 2 tablespoons grated fresh horseradish, 2 tablespoons whipped cream, 1 tablespoon sour cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pickled Arctic Char with Horseradish Cream and LemonMarinated Cucumber, picturelink: null}, 42204: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a pan slowly, add the shallots and allow to sweat until cooked and opaque. Remove shallots and drain, add the Yukon gold potatoes and increase heat, sear the potatoes in the hot oil until caramelized and golden, then add the shallots back to potatoes. Add boiling stock, reserving 12 cup, and the garlic to the potatoes, turn down heat to a simmer. Cook until potatoes are soft, add the cream, if desired, and blend. Pass mixture through a fine strainer. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nBoil the remainder of the stock, add the small garnishing potatoes and cook quickly. Then add the chopped truffle and butter. Reduce the stock until an emulsion coats the vegetables. Top the dish with chives.nTo serve, top soup with garnish and sprinkle with chives., ingredients: [18 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 shallot, peeled and finely sliced, 2 large Yukon gold potatoes, 34 ounces vegetable stock, heated to a boil, 2 cloves garlic, 12 cup cream, optional, 8 black peppercorns crushed, Kosher salt, 12 cup vegetable stock, 1 Yukon gold salferino, 2 purple potato salferino, 3 teaspoons black truffle shavings, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, Snipped chives], title: Roast Yukon Gold Potato Soup, picturelink: OuarwUU9tnjNvVJWTHAmgksgmr.Gx0q}, 42205: {instructions: Special equipment: 9 x 13 brownie tin parchment papernFollow instructions for adding eggs and water specified on cake mix box. To that, beat in sour cream and pudding. Fold in chocolate chips. Line a 9 x 13 rectangular tin with parchment paper. Pour mixture into pan. Bake according to box directions. Once cooled, dust with powdered sugar, and cut into squares., ingredients: [1 box chocolate cake mix, 3 eggs, water specified on cake mix box, 12 oz. chocolate chips, 8 oz. sour cream, 2 containers ReadyMadeSnackPak Chocolate Pudding, powdered sugar], title: Brownies, picturelink: null}, 42206: {instructions: In a small combine olives, olive oil, parsley oregano, garlic, red bell pepper and lemon juice. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours. Split bread horizontally in half, and remove most of the soft inner bread, creating a cavity inside each half. Drain the olive mixture, reserving the marinade. Brush the insides of both halves of the loaf generously with the marinade, then spread half of the olive mixture in the bottom half. Add in layers lettuce, arugula, mortadella or other soft salami, sliced sopressata, cheese and tomatoes. Top with remaining olive oil salad, cover with the top half of the loaf, and wrap tightly in plastic. Place on a large plate, cover with another plate, and weight with several pounds of canned goods. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 6 hours. To serve, unwrap the loaf and cut into wedges., ingredients: [1 large round loaf 8 to 9 inches Italian or French bread, 1 cup finely pitted brinecured olives green, such as Picholine, 1 cup finely chopped pined brinecured blacks olives, such as Kalamata, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons minced fresh oregano, or scant 34 teaspoon dried, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 red bell pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and finely chopped, 12 lemon, juiced or to taste, 2 cups shredded lettuce, arugula, or other salad greens, 4 ounces mortadella or soft salami, 4 ounces thinly sliced soppressata or other hard salami, 4 ounces thinly sliced provolone, fontina, or fresh mozzarella, 1 cup coarsely chopped fresh tomatoes, or 12 cup chopped drained sundried tomatoes in oil], title: Muffuletta, picturelink: null}, 42207: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the rice in a medium saucepan of boiling salted water, stirring periodically, until just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Drain. Rinse the rice under cold running water. Set the rice aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut a 12inch thick slice off the top of each tomato reserve the tomato tops. Cut and scoop the seeds, pulp, and juice from each tomato into a small bowl. Reserve 14 cup of the tomato juice and pulp.nOil the bottom of an 8 by 8inch baking dish with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Place the hollowed tomatoes in the prepared dish.nToss the rice with the reserved tomato juice and pulp. Add garlic, basil, parsley, Parmesan, the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste. Combine well.nSpoon the rice mixture into the hollowed tomatoes, mounding slightly. Sprinkle leftover stuffing on the bottom of the pan. Drizzle entire dish with olive oil. Place the reserved tomato slices atop the tomatoes. Bake until the rice is heated through, about 20 minutes. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup Arborio rice or other shortgrain white rice, 6 ripe but firm large tomatoes, 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 garlic clove, minced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Tomatoes Stuffed with Rice, picturelink: Ec.dkaqtUPGSclHDFpo.SZmYi4ErMaK}, 42208: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Brush the sliced ciabatta with a little olive oil. Place on the grill pan and cook until toasted and grill marks form, about 2 minutes per side.nCombine the ricotta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, chives, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Set aside.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil Add the snap peas and cook for 3 minutes. Immediately plunge them into a bowl of ice water until cold. Remove and pat dry. Cut half of the peas lengthwise leave the other half whole. Combine the cut and whole peas with the basil and mint in a large bowl. Add the lemon juice and remaining 3 tablespoons oil and toss to coat.nPlace the grilled ciabatta on a serving dish. Add a dollop of the ricotta mixture to each piece and then top with some snap pea salad. Sprinkle with sea salt flakes before serving., ingredients: [1 loaf ciabatta, sliced into 12inchthick pieces on the diagonal, 5 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 12 cups fresh ricotta, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 pound sugar snap peas, 13 cup fresh basil, 13 cup fresh mint, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Sea salt flakes, such as Maldon, for serving], title: Grilled Ciabatta with Ricotta and Snap Peas, picturelink: C03gYk4ZJYAgg7ibzYWWjkxkqbiNV2}, 42209: {instructions: 1. Browning the chicken. Season both sides of the chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large 10 to 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Using tongs, carefully lower the chicken breasts into the pan and cook them for about 1 minute on each side just until hey begin to brown slightly. Transfer the stillraw chicken to a plate.n2. Poaching in cream. Reduce the heat under the skillet to low. Add the shallot and cook, stirring constantly, until softened but not browned, less than 1 minute. Add the vermouth and cook for 30 seconds, then add the cream and half the tarragon. Return the chicken breasts to the pan and adjust the heat so that the cream gently simmers. Cover and cook until the chicken is firm and just cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes. To check for doneness, cut into the thickest part of a breast with a pairing knife u00bf there should be no sign of pink or translucence.n3. Finishing. Transfer the chicken breasts to a warmed serving platter or individual dinner plates. The sauce should be thick enough to lightly coat a spoon. If it is too thin, continue to simmer it for about 1 minute and it will thicken. Stir in the remaining tarragon and the lemon juice, then taste and season with additional salt and pepper if needed. Pour the sauce over the chicken and serve right away with buttered egg noodles., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 1 12 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small shallot, finely chopped about 3 tablespoons, 14 cup dry vermouth or dry white wine, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 to 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh French tarragon, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Chicken Breasts in Tarragon Cream, picturelink: null}, 42210: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour nuts into large snifter and set on cheese board. Arrange cheeses with baguette slices and clusters of grapes. Place a few spreaders near cheeses and set out where guests will gather., ingredients: [2 10ounce tins smoked almonds, 12 pound wedge Brie with herbs, 12 pound wedge Saga blue, 1 6ounce log goat cheese, any variety, 1 baguette, sliced at bakery counter, 1 pound grapes black, red, or green, separated into small bunches], title: Soft Cheese Board, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 42211: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a candy thermometernFor the crust:nPosition an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the bottom of a 9inch round springform pan with parchment or waxed paper. Spray the paper and the sides of the pan with cooking spray. In the bowl of a food processor, combine the graham crackers and sugar. Process until the mixture resembles fine bread crumbs. Add the melted butter and blend until the mixture forms into clumps. Spread the mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan, pressing gently to form an even layer. Place the pan on a baking sheet and bake for 10 to 12 minutes until the crust is golden. Cool for 15 minutes.nFor the caramel:nWhile the crust is cooling, in a medium heavybottomed saucepan, combine 12 cup of cream, butter, sugar, and water. Stir over medium heat until the mixture is smooth. Bring the mixture to a boil and cook, without stirring, until a candy thermometer registers 240 degrees F, about 5 to 7 minutes. Carefully pour the caramel over the warm crust. Cool for 20 minutes. Freeze until firm, about 10 minutes.nFor the chocolate layer: Combine the chocolate chips and cream in a small bowl and place over a pan of simmering water. Stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the espresso powder. Remove the springform pan from the freezer. Pour the chocolate mixture over the caramel layer and smooth with a spatula. Sprinkle the top with smoked sea salt, if using. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour until firm.nAllow the layers to come to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Using a warm, slightly wet knife, carefully cut around the edges of the chocolate layer. Release the side of the pan and remove the paper from the bottom. Cut into 1 12by12inch bars and store airtight in a covered plastic container., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 12 whole 6 ounces cinnamon graham crackers, crumbled, or 2 cups cinnamon graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon water, 2 cups 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 34 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 1 teaspoon smoked sea salt, optional], title: Espresso Caramel Bars, picturelink: t06lGiQIcF.1Qn.WRaRQWJ8KB6SRrHy}, 42212: {instructions: Cook pasta in large pot of rapidly boiling water until al dente or done to your liking.nMeanwhile, prepare the sauce. Place olive oil and the garlic in a large saute pan and turn heat to medium. Cook until the garlic is fragrant and lightly golden. Add capers, anchovies, olives, and tomatoes. Cook until the tomatoes start to break down and become a sauce, about 8 minutes. Toss with cooked pasta. Add parsley and tuna and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound pasta noodles such as: penne, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 6 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons capers rinsed, roughly chopped, 2 anchovies, finely minced, 12 cup pitted black olives such as kalamata, roughly chopped, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved or 1 28ounce can whole, peeled tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup loosely packed, roughly chopped parsley or basil leaves, 1 can rinsed and drained, white albacore tuna, 1 teaspoon salt, Cracked black pepper], title: Pasta with Tuna, Tomatoes, Garlic, Capers, and Olives, picturelink: null}, 42213: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat 3 tablespoons sesame oil over medium heat. To pan, add the chopped shrimp, chopped scallops, shallots and garlic. Cook until lightly golden. Add the mirin, soy sauce, rice vinegar and simmer about 5 minutes. Stir in the water and 1 cup cilantro and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer the broth until reduced by 13, about 20 minutes. Strain liquid and discard solids. Reserve the liquid.nPreheat grill or grill pan.nCombine the remaining cilantro, the basil, green onions and carrot in a bowl. Set aside.nSeason the fillets with salt and pepper. Grill until tender and flakes easily. Set aside.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, toss the whole shrimp and scallops in wasabi and season with salt and pepper. In a medium saute pan, heat remaining 1 tablespoon sesame oil over medium heat. Cook the whole shrimp and scallops until golden on both sides. Set aside.nPlace 14 teaspoon of the chili sauce in the bottom of each soup bowl. Ladle some of the broth into each bowl. Stir to gently mix the broth and the chili sauce. Lay 1 fillet of fish into the broth, then surround the fish with 1 shrimp and 1 scallop. Garnish with chopped cilantro, basil, green onions and carrot mixture. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 cup chopped shrimp with tails, plus 4 whole, peeled and deveined, 1 cup chopped scallops, plus 4 whole, 4 shallots, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup mirin, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar, 16 ounces water, 1 14 cups chopped cilantro leaves, 12 cup chopped basil leaves, 3 green onions, chopped, 12 carrot, chopped, 4 6ounce barramundi fillets, or substitute tilapia fillets, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon wasabi powder, 1 teaspoon hot chili sauce recommended: Sriracha], title: Main Challenge: Grilled Barramundi with Wasabi Sauteed Shrimp and Scallops in an Asian Broth, picturelink: nyE1XDR7QWKn6JKoVC4nAMrLxTKyi}, 42214: {instructions: In a medium bowl, beat the yolks with 6 tablespoons of the sugar until pale and thick about 5 minutes. In a medium saucepan scald the milk with 1 of the vanilla beans. Split vanilla bean. Beat the milk very gradually into the egg mixture. Return the mixture to the pan and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, for about 10 minutes, until the custard thickens enough to coat the back of the spoon. Be careful not to let the mixture boil or the eggs will curdle. Remove vanilla bean. Place the pan over ice and stir occasionally to prevent a skin from forming.nWhile the custard is cooling, beat the whites with the salt, 4 tablespoons of the sugar, and 14 teaspoon cream of tartar until stiff peaks are formed.nIn a 12inch skillet, bring the water to a boil with the lemon juice. Lower the heat. Using a large kitchen spoon, carefully slide 8 scoops of meringue, one scoop at a time, into the simmering water. Poach the meringue for 1 12 minutes then turn over and poach for 2 minutes longer. Remove the meringues with a slotted spoon to a clean kitchen towel.nFor the caramel syrup: Place sugar and water in saucepan and swirl shake pan with circular motion over moderately high heat until the sugar has dissolved completely. Then let the sugar boil, swirling the pan occasionally, until the syrup turns a light, nut brown. This will take 3 to 4 minutes. Remove saucepan from heat as soon as the desired color is reached if you let it darken too much, it will have a bitter taste. Pour 13 cup of water into the preceding caramel and simmer, stirring, until the caramel has dissolved.nTo assemble the dessert, pour the custard in a large serving bowl and float the meringues on top. Combine. Immediate drizzle the caramel syrup over the meringues and serve., ingredients: [5 large eggs, separated, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups milk, 2 vanilla beans, 4 cups water, Pinch of salt, Juice of 1 lemon, 23 cup granulated sugar or crushed sugar lumps, 13 cup water], title: Floating Island, picturelink: null}, 42215: {instructions: For the salsa: Place the lime juice, cilantro, salt, tomatoes, jalapenos, onions and peppers in a food processor. Pulse to combine, then set aside.nFor the stuffed peppers: Preheat the oven to 350 degree F. Start by cutting the peppers in half lengthwise, leaving the stems intact. Remove the seeds and ribs inside the peppers.nHeat a skillet to mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil and onions, cook for about 1 minute. Next add the ground beef and garlic and cook until the onions become translucent, about 8 minutes.nIn a separate bowl mix 1 cup of the salsa, the rice, sour cream and green onions. Add the ground beef mixture and combine thoroughly. Stuff the mixture into the peppers. Sprinkle each pepper half with 2 tablespoons of the cheese.nPlace the stuffed peppers in a casserole dish, cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Remove the foil and continue to cook until heated through, 15 minutes. Top with basil and enjoy., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 medium tomatoes, quartered, 12 jalapeno, finely chopped, 12 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, 12 yellow bell pepper, chopped, 4 large red bell peppers, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 14 pounds extralean ground beef 90percent lean, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup cooked brown rice, 12 cup reducedfat sour cream, 12 cup chopped green onions, 2 cups shredded lowfat Monterey Jack cheese, Chopped fresh basil, for topping], title: Bobbys Stuffed Red Peppers, picturelink: null}, 42216: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace a large roasting tray into the oven to heat it up. When hot remove from oven and add a drizzle of olive oil. Toss potatoes, fennel and garlic onto hot sheet tray and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place into oven on a lower rack.nTake the boneless leg of lamb and open it up. Season inside with olive oil, kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Rub with garlic and thyme then make a cut down the middle, separating the lamb into 2 pieces where the muscles naturally separate. Roll each piece up into a small roast and secure with kitchen twine. Rub the outside with olive oil and season with porcini powder, salt and pepper.nSet a large pan over high heat and add a 2count of olive oil. Sear meat, turning the lamb to brown evenly all over. Once browned transfer the roasts to the oven and place directly on a rack above the fennel and potatoes.nRoast for 35 to 40 minutes until lamb is mediumrare. Rest meat for 10 minutes before cutting. Serve with roasted potatoes and fennel., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 pounds fennel bulb, cut into wedges through the root, 1 head garlic, broken into cloves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 5 to 7pound leg of lamb, boned, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, 1ounce dried porcini mushrooms, ground in a spice grinder], title: Roasted Leg of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 42217: {instructions: Blend 23 cup buttermilk, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon each lemon juice, dijon mustard and chopped chives, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 chopped garlic clove, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste. Toss lettuce with some of the dressing.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Creamy Salad, picturelink: eUbBuvp6ZUappw9wcOF61NYTC65LpMW}, 42218: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet and saute garlic until soft and light brown. Add tomatoes, prosciutto, chicken and butter saute for about 5 to 10 minutes. Add basil, and saute for another 5 minutes. In a stockpot, bring water to boil and cook linguine until firm, al dente. Drain pasta and transfer to a bowl, add the chickentomato mixture, chiles, roasted peppers, and grated cheese toss gently to combine. Sprinkle with basil and serve., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 14 cup minced garlic, 5 tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 4 ounces prosciutto, cut into small pieces, 4 chicken breasts, grilled and cut into strips or cubes 2 pounds, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup fresh basil, sliced into small strips, 34 pound linguine, 12 cup grated fresh Parmesan or Romano, 5 roasted pasilla chiles, peeled, seeded and cut into strips, 2 roasted red peppers, peeled, seeded and cut into strips, Fresh basil, chiffonade for garnish], title: Garlic Chicken Pasta with Prosciutto, picturelink: i1DhtDdhJy3VU2ubxP8XrW4a06vB7nu}, 42219: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Whisk the cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda together in a large bowl. Whisk the buttermilk and eggs together in a medium bowl. Fold the wet ingredients into the cornmeal mixture until just combined set aside.nHeat a 10inch castiron skillet over high heat. When the skillet is smokinghot, turn off the heat and add the fat, carefully stirring it around the pan as it melts. Pour the melted fat into the cornmeal batter and stir to combine. Do not wipe out the skillet. Pour the cornmeal mixture into the hot skillet batter will sizzle and bake until the edges are golden brown and the center bounces back when pressed with a finger, 18 to 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups stoneground cornmeal, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 6 tablespoons reserved fat, such as rendered bacon or chicken fat schmaltz], title: Grandmas Bacon Fat Cornbread, picturelink: 9mlDdjaiGdwR3rETZZuykVImIF5mlsq}, 42220: {instructions: Adjust an oven rack with the broiler pan to the top rack and preheat the broiler to high heat.nFor the salmon: Combine the smoked paprika, cumin, thyme, cayenne pepper and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Sprinkle the salmon evenly on both sides with the spice rub. Place the salmon on the hot broiler pan and broil until opaque and cooked through, about 8 minutes. Remove the salmon to a plate and use a fork to flake the fish and break into chunks.nFor the pico de gallo: Combine the tomatoes, jalapeno, cilantro, onion, garlic, lime juice, and salt in a small bowl.nFor the guacamole: Combine the avocado, tomato, jalapeno, yogurt, red onion, cilantro, garlic, lime juice and salt in a medium bowl. Mash together until combined but still a bit chunky.nTo serve, spread the guacamole on a warmed tortilla and top with chunks of salmon and pico do gallo., ingredients: [2 tablespoons minced red onion, 2 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 clove garlic, minced, Juice of half a lime, Pinch kosher salt, Eight 6inch corn tortillas, warmed, 1 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, One 1pound piece salmon filet, skin removed, 2 plum tomatoes, diced, 12 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, Juice of half a lime, Pinch kosher salt, 1 ripe avocado, diced, 1 plum tomato, diced, 12 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons nonfat Greek yogurt], title: Blackened Fish Tacos with Guacamole and Pico De Gallo, picturelink: null}, 42221: {instructions: In a medium saucepan add pear syrup, pear brandy, and vanilla bean. Turn heat to high and reduce pear syrup to a thick consistency, about 10 minutes.nReduce to a simmer and add pear slices. Heat thoroughly. Remove whole vanilla bean.nTake 2 crepes and spread pudding evenly between them. Fold crepes into quarters. Top with pears and syrup. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 can 15 14 ounces sliced pears in honey syrup, drained and syrup reserved recommended: Del Monte, 2 tablespoons pear brandy, 1 vanilla bean, scraped, 1 4pack vanilla pudding recommended: Hunts Snack Pack, 1 package 4 ounces store bought prepared crepes], title: Vanilla Scented Pears, picturelink: null}, 42222: {instructions: Prepare a grill or grill pan for mediumhigh heat. Lightly oil the grill grates.nSprinkle the steak with salt and pepper, and grill to the desired doneness, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Let rest 5 minutes.nStir together the guacamole and sour cream in a small bowl. Season to taste.nCombine the tomatoes, jalapenos and some pickled carrots and pickled onions in a medium bowl, then fold in the cilantro.nScramble the eggs in melted butter in a nonstick medium skillet over medium heat. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat the sliced sausages in a skillet.nThinly slice the steak. Top the tortillas with some avocado crema, then add the scrambled eggs, steak and sausage. Top with pico de gallo and serve immediately., ingredients: [Oil, for oiling grill grates, One 1inchthick boneless New York strip steak, Salt and pepper, 23 cup guacamole, 13 cup sour cream, 4 heirloom tomatoes, chopped, 2 jalapeno peppers, grilled and diced, Pickled carrots, diced, Pickled onions, diced, 1 bunch chopped fresh cilantro, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 precooked chickenapple sausages, sliced, 8 corn tortillas, grilled, 1 lime, cut into wedges], title: DayAfter Hangover Tacos, picturelink: iPvmEae1fOJ2QTQW3Kx9HOMV7zMb7O}, 42223: {instructions: For the crumb topping: Combine the flour, sugar and butter in a bowl. Work the ingredients with your fingers just until the butter is well distributed and resembles a coarse crumb mixture. You can also do this in a food processor. Be careful not to over mixnFor the filling: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place a baking sheet in the oven to preheat as well this will catch molasses drips as the pie bakes. Combine the molasses, baking soda and egg in a stainless steel mixing bowl. Whisk until the mixture lightens in color and turns slightly foamy. Add 1 cup hot water and whisk to combine.nIn the parbaked pie shell, put approximately half of the crumb mixture on the bottom. Measure out 13 ounces of the wet molasses mixture and carefully pour into the crust you may have extra wet mixture leftover, which is ok. Put the remaining crumb mixture on the top.nPlace the pie on the preheated baking sheet in the oven. Bake 10 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F and bake until the filling doesnt collapse when pressed lightly with your finger, and it is just starting to pull away from crust, 30 to 35 minutes. Do not overbakenLet cool until set. Serve warm with ice cream or freshly whipped cream, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose unbleached flour, 34 cup packed golden brown sugar, 5 to 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, cut into squares, 1 cup dark molasses, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 egg, 1 single bottom crust, parbaked, Ice cream or whipped cream, for serving], title: Shoofly Pie, picturelink: Z7Xuzbyozbqxr50CLuNGISB7Le4tEi}, 42224: {instructions: Toast spices in saute pan over high heat until aromatic, then grind in a coffee mill. Heat olive oil and butter, then saute minced onions and ground spices. Add cabbage, spices, and diced peppers and cook until tender. Add orange juice and salt and pepper. Let simmer, then add lobster stock and reduce. Dredge tuna in coriander crust. Pan sear to to temperature. In a bowl, place cabbage then top with seared tuna., ingredients: [1 teaspoon grated coriander seed, 1 teaspoon grated cumin seed, 1 teaspoon grated star anise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 minced yellow onion, 14 large diced red onion, 3 cups white or green cabbage, 14 large diced red pepper, 14 large diced yellow pepper, 14 large diced green pepper, 1 12 cups orange juice, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 cup lobster stock, 6 ounces sushi grade tuna, 3 tablespoon whole coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon star anise, Pinch salt and pepper], title: Coriander Crusted Tuna, picturelink: null}, 42225: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat large skillet over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon of oil. Break turkey burgers up into small pieces and add pieces to skillet. Add allspice, cumin, and oregano and mix well. Cook 5 minutes to heat through, stirring frequently.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, combine yogurt, cucumber and garlic powder. Mix well.nPlace a piece of lettuce in the bottom of the pita pocket. Spoon turkey mixture onto lettuce in pita pockets and top with yogurt mixture., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 reserved turkey burgers, 1 teaspoon allspice, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 14 cup grated cucumber, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 8 pieces lettuce, 8 pita pockets preferably the pillowy pockets that are slightly thicker than traditional pita pockets], title: Turkey Souvlaki with GarlicYogurt Sauce, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 42226: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSteam or boil the fish 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the fish and let cool 3 minutes, then very carefully peel and discard the skin. Slowly remove the meat from the bones using a fork or small knife take your time with this as the more you pay attention, the fewer small bones you will find in your finished meal.nChop the baked potato into bitesize chunks and add the fish to the potatoes. Top with the bacon and onions, then add vinegar and pepper, to taste. Mix all the ingredients together to a hash, using a fork, and enjoy, ingredients: [3 large fresh whole spot fish, cleaned, 1 large Yukon gold baking potato, peeled and boiled, 14 cup chopped freshly cooked bacon, 14 cup finely chopped yellow onion, Cider vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Buddys Fish Hash, picturelink: Z1E730MdFvppbwyi6eFtYmmjogK8kje}, 42227: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a large pot or pasta pot with about 2 inches of water. Place a steamer basket into the pot, making sure it sits just above the water. Add the potatoes and garlic to the basket, cover the pot and turn the heat to medium. Steam the potatoes until fork tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the cream and butter in a small saucepan. Heat over mediumlow heat until the cream is hot and the butter melted.nWhen the potatoes are done, remove the steamer basket and dump out the water from the pot. Add the potatoes to the empty pot and mash with a potato masher. Gently stir in the hot cream mixture and season to taste with salt and pepper. Just before serving, mix in the horseradish. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds red potatoes, skin on, cut into small chunks, 2 clove garlic, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 sticks butter, Salt and fresh ground pepper, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish], title: Horseradish Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: HBnVzxouaZ6Dt.j2cpcmXLkTkWP0qw6}, 42228: {instructions: Equipment: Fondue pot fondue forks or wooden or metal skewersnIn a bowl, whisk together the sugar and cornstarch to blend. Slowly whisk in the cream then the milk, coffee, cinnamon, and vanilla. Pour the mixture into a stainless steel saucepan and gently bring it to a boil. Cook, whisking, until thickened, about 4 minutes.nRemove the pan from the heat and whisk in the chocolate and butter until melted. Using a finemeshed sieve over a large bowl, strain the chocolate mixture and discard the solids. Pour into a warmed fondue pot and serve with assorted dippers and fondue forks., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 1 14 cups milk, 2 tablespoons freshground coffee, 12 teaspoon ground Ceylon cinnamon or canela, 1 vanilla bean, split, 7 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Regular bananas, Small bananas, like Manzano or red, Strawberries, with stem, Marshmallows, Toasted cubes pound cake, Pineapple chunks, Anjou or Bartlett pear slices, unpeeled, Fried wonton wrappers, Bing cherries, with stem], title: Mexican Hot Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 42229: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Mix 14 cup yogurt, the garlic, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon salt, a few grinds of black pepper and the cayenne in a large bowl. Add the chicken and toss to coat set aside.nPierce the sweet potatoes all over with a fork. Bake on a baking sheet until tender, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, pulse the cereal in a food processor until finely ground season with salt, black pepper and the remaining 12 teaspoon curry powder. Transfer to a shallow baking dish.nHeat 12 inch peanut oil in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Press the chicken into the cereal, turning to coat. Add half of the chicken to the hot oil and fry until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a wire rack set on a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining chicken. Transfer to the oven and bake until cooked through, about 10 minutes.nMix the ketchup with the steak sauce and cilantro. Split open the sweet potatoes top with the remaining 12 cup yogurt and season with salt and black pepper. Serve the chicken with the potatoes and ketchup top with more cilantro.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [34 cup plain 2 Greek yogurt, 1 clove garlic, grated, 2 12 teaspoons curry powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 8 small skinless, boneless chicken thighs about 2 pounds, 4 small sweet potatoes 5 to 6 ounces each, 5 cups crispy rice cereal, Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon steak sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping], title: Indian Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 42230: {instructions: In a skillet over mediumhigh heat, lightly brown the butter. Add the garlic and cook until it is light brown. Add the sage and cook until aromatic. Add the corn kernels and cook for 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Pour in the cream and simmer until it is reduced by half, about 4 to 5 minutes let cool. Spoon the corn over the bread and serve with a slice of prosciutto on each., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 garlic cloves, sliced, 6 sage leaves, 4 ears corn, kernels removed, Salt and pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, Slices of grilled country bread, 15 slices prosciutto, about 12 pound], title: Sage Creamed Corn Bruschetta with Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 42231: {instructions: Season zucchini slices with salt and pepper. Rub zucchini slices with olive oil and grill on both sides. Separate the goat cheese into 10 equal balls. Take 2 zucchini slices and lay 1 on top of the other to form a plus sign. Place goat cheese ball in center of the zucchini slices and fold the ends over the top of the ball. Tie the bundle with a chive. Repeat steps with the remaining zucchini and goat cheese. Toss the baby lettuce with your vinaigrette. Serve the zucchini on the bed of baby lettuce., ingredients: [10 slices zucchini, cut lengthwise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces goat cheese, Chives, blanched, Baby lettuce, Vinaigrette of your choice], title: Zucchini Goat Cheese Bundles, picturelink: null}, 42232: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a heatproof bowl and silicone spatulanIn a saucepan over medium heat, bring the coconut milk to a simmer, 6 to 8 minutes. While the coconut milk heats, set a heatproof bowl over the top of the saucepan and add the chocolate chips. Once the coconut milk comes to a simmer, remove from the heat, carefully pour the coconut milk over the chocolate chips and let sit for one minute. Stir with a silicone spatula until smooth and melted. Stir in the bourbon and coconut extract.nPour the mixture into an 8by8inch glass dish in an even layer. Gently tap to release any air bubbles. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cool and set up, about 2 hours.nLine a rimmed baking sheet with parchment and sprinkle with the cocoa powder. Use a 1tablespoon scoop to portion the truffles. Place them on the prepared baking sheet and roll to coat in the cocoa powder. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 ounces fullfat coconut milk, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon bourbon whiskey, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder], title: Chocolate Coconut Bourbon Truffles, picturelink: n8ZmaRLVTeyE24Ef5.t7TfKIuVnpTgW}, 42233: {instructions: Squeeze the juice from the lemons and limes over a strainer into a glass measuring cup about 1 cup of juice.nIn the bottom of a tall pitcher, use a wooden spoon to gently mash the mint leaves with 14 cup of the sugar. Add the strained juice stir well to dissolve the sugar. Add the cold water and the remaining 12 cup sugar to the pitcher stir well to dissolve the sugar. Taste for sweetness and add more sugar, if desired. Chill before serving.nServe poured over ice in tall glasses garnished with lemon and lime slices., ingredients: [4 lemons, plus slices for garnish, 3 limes, plus slices for garnish, 13 cup fresh mint leaves, 34 cup superfine sugar, plus additional if desired, divided, 8 cups cold water], title: Mint LemonLimeade, picturelink: null}, 42234: {instructions: Place water on to boil for pasta.nIn a large skillet combine olive oil and butter over medium heat. Add garlic, pepper and the lemon zest.nSalt water when it boils then cook capellini to al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Add a ladle of cooking water to lemon pepper butter and stir in the lemon juice. Drain pasta and toss with lemonpepper butter and salt, to taste. Add the basil to the pasta and serve a small bundle alongside your entree or serve as a delicate first course., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, Salt, 12 pound capellini, 12 cup shredded or torn basil leaves, Grated cheese, to pass at table], title: LemonPepper Capellini, picturelink: 8PL9UXsSBb695HYLH7yNvMDh4iVgP6W}, 42235: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 cup wood chips, soaked for at least 2 hoursnWhisk the rice vinegar, canola oil, lime juice, orange juice, ancho, paprika, cinnamon, allspice, chile de arbol, ground cloves and garlic in a bowl.nPlace the chicken pieces on a large baking dish. Pour the vinegar mixture over the chicken and rub it into each piece of chicken. Cover the chicken and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 8 hours. Remove the chicken from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling.nRemove the chicken from the vinegar mixture and place on a baking sheet.nHeat a grill for indirect grilling. Add the wood chips to the coals or to a box and place on the gas briquettes. Close the grill cover and heat the grates, about 10 minutes.nPlace the chicken over the direct heat, skinside down. Grill the chicken until golden brown and slightly charred, about 5 minutes. Flip the chicken and cook 5 minutes longer. Move the chicken to the cooler part of the grill, close the grill cover and continue grilling until an instantread thermometer inserted into the chicken registers 160 degrees F for white meat and 165 degrees F for dark meat, about 15 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a platter and loosely tent with foil.nAfter 5 minutes of rest, serve the chicken with the Grilled Corn, Black Bean and Quinoa Relish.nBring 1 cup water to a boil in a small pot over medium heat. Add 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper and stir in the quinoa. Cover the pot and cook until the quinoa is tender and the water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and let sit covered. Fluff the quinoa with a fork and transfer to a large bowl.nHeat the grill to high for direct grilling. Brush the green onions with the canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the onions until soft and slightly charred, about 2 minutes each side. Remove the onions from the grill and coarsely chop.nStir the corn, beans, olive oil and lime juice in a bowl. Add the quinoa and chopped green onions. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Keep the relish at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving to allow the flavors to meld. Stir in the cilantro and oregano and serve., ingredients: [12 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup canola oil, Juice of 1 lime, Juice of 1 orange, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon Spanish paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon allspice, 14 teaspoon chile de arbol or cayenne, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Two 3pound chickens, each cut into 8 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grilled Corn, Black Bean and Quinoa Relish, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup quinoa, 8 green onions, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 8 ears grilled corn, kernels removed, 1 can black beans, drained, rinsed well and drained again, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lime, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano], title: Charcoal Grilled Chicken SinaloaStyle with Grilled Corn, Black Bean and Quinoa Relish, picturelink: VtApbOu4RN9HLCZqd3q6PXGGY363lq}, 42236: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Season the chicken with 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken, skinside down, and cook until golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven do not flip the chicken roast until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat registers 165 degrees F, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the dressing: Whisk the vinegar, mustard and honey in a large bowl. Gradually add the remaining 13 cup vegetable oil, whisking until emulsified.nRemove the chicken from the bone slice. Thinly slice the apples and add to the dressing along with the walnuts, escarole and endive season with salt and pepper. Toss the salad and top with the chicken and cheese. Serve with bread.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [2 skinon, bonein chicken breasts about 2 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 Gala apples, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 1 small head escarole, torn into pieces, 2 heads Belgian endive, trimmed, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 4 ounces aged cheddar cheese, shredded about 1 cup, Multigrain bread, for serving optional], title: Chicken and Apple Salad, picturelink: FljQAtY4oK885T4jgcu33HWth1l.gu}, 42237: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dipping sauce: Mix together the honey, soy sauce, Sriracha, vinegar and sesame oil in a small bowl and set aside.nFor the wontons: In the bowl of a mixer or you can do it by hand, mix together the cream cheese, Sriracha and green onions until totally combined scrape the mixer bowl if necessary. In a separate bowl, mix together the egg and 12 cup water.nOne at a time, assemble the wontons: Place approximately 12 teaspoon of the cream cheese mixture on one corner of a wonton wrapper. Use your finger to paint the egg wash all around the edges of the wrapper. Roll the wrapper on a diagonal, starting with the cream cheese corner and stopping when half the wrapper is rolled and the cream cheese mixture is inside. Bring up the 2 ends and use the egg wash to stick them together. Allow the remaining pointed end to naturally tuck backward. The wontons should resemble tortellini. As you work, place the assembled wontons under plastic wrap or a light towel to keep them from drying out.nHeat 2 to 3 inches of vegetable oil in a large saucepan or medium skillet until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers just under 350 degrees F. You dont want the oil too hot or it will burn the wontons Experiment with a spare sheet of wonton wrappers to check.nIn batches of 4 or 5 at a time, fry the wontons for 45 seconds to 1 minute, flipping carefully midway through to make sure they brown evenly. Remove them when you think they still could stand to slightly brown a teeny bit more because they will slightly brown in the seconds after you remove them from the pan. Drain the wontons on a paper towel. Repeat with the remaining batches.nIts best to wait 5 to 10 minutes before serving the wontons, as the cream cheese filling can be quite hot. Serve with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Sriracha or other hot sauce, 1 teaspoon vinegar or rice wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, 8 ounces cream cheese, 1 tablespoon Sriracha or other hot sauce more to taste, 2 green onions, light green and dark green parts, chopped, 1 egg, 24 wonton wrappers, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Cream Cheese Wontons, picturelink: jFohCDVTIvvbmHpLTonkASImEkrsp52}, 42238: {instructions: Pan sear breasts on both sides and finish in a preheated 350 degree oven for about 10 to 15 minutes or until done.nCook potatoes in water until cooked through. While still hot add the remaining ingredients and mash well., ingredients: [4 boneless chicken breasts, about 8 ounces each, 3 pounds baking potatoes, cut in quarters, 34 cup heavy cream, 14 pound butter, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 cloves garlic, minced], title: Roasted Chicken with Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 42239: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss the onion quarters with the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, sugar, and season with salt and pepper. Place in an ovenproof, large, nonstick skillet, spreading them out in an even layer. Cover the skillet with aluminum foil. Roast for 20 to 25 minutes, and then remove the foil. Toss the onions well to coat with the reduced balsamic glaze and put back in the oven to roast another 20 to 25 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 large white onions, peeled and quartered, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon sugar], title: Roasted Balsamic Onions, picturelink: gpHMldr4xvPUG.mVaONq60I7yj33cZa}, 42240: {instructions: Mix the salmon, chives, parsley, salt and pepper together. Mold into two patties. Add the canola oil to the pan to heat. When the oil is heated, place the patties into the oil and cook for 15 minutes on each side. When the patties are golden brown, remove from pan and place on hot buttered buns. Add onion, tomatoes, bacon, cucumber, and your favorite mustard. Enjoy, ingredients: [1.5 lbs. skinless, boneless salmon, roughly chopped, 4 slices onion, 4 slices tomato, 8 slices cucumber, 4 slices cooked bacon, 2 tsp. parsley, 2 tsp. chives, 2 hamburger buns, buttered, salt, pepper, canola oil, mustard], title: Panseared Salmon Burgers, picturelink: Sz9cnh0oW8I2PF7qGruaYORBpqaGrG}, 42241: {instructions: In a large stockpot, bring salted water to a rapid boil.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat, add the olive oil and butter. When the butter is melted, add the onions and saute until translucent, but not browned, about 1 minute. Add the prosciutto and cook 1 more minute, stirring. Add the cream and bring to a simmer. Simmer until the sauce is just thick enough to lightly coat the back of a spoon. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Add the peas and remove from the heat.nCook the pasta to al dente. Return the sauce to the heat. Drain the pasta and add it to the sauce. Toss well and season with salt and pepper. Finish with parmesan and more cracked black pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup finely minced onion, 4 ounces prosciutto, julienne, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup fresh peas, 6 ounces fresh egg fettuccine, 6 ounces fresh spinach fettuccine, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Straw and Hay Pasta, picturelink: WvOWFf82K4GUKn7dzAMFBVgEjzj.95m}, 42242: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the potatoes in a large pot and cover by 1inch with cold water. Bring the water to a boil over high heat, add salt, to taste, and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, create a boat shape out of aluminum foil and add the garlic cloves. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and drizzle with oil. Seal the foil and roast until the garlic is nicely caramelized, about 30 minutes. Heat the halfandhalf in a small saucepan over low heat until hot.nDrain the potatoes and put them back into the pot. The heat from the pot will continue to dry out the potatoes. Add the halfandhalf, butter and roasted garlic and mash. Fold in the apples and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [3 12 pounds baby Yukon gold potatoes, halved, Kosher salt, 8 to 10 garlic cloves, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and diced], title: Adams Apple Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 42243: {instructions: Cut the white bread into cubes. Heat the olive oil in a saucepan and fry the bread cubes in it until golden brown. Add the garlic and let it color a little. Season with the paprika powders and salt and pour on the meat stock. Cover and leave to simmer for about 15 minutes. Fill 4 earthenware bowls with soup. Carefully slip 1 egg into each bowl and leave to cook in a preheated oven at about 390 degree F for around 10 minutes. Serve the soup very hot., ingredients: [8 to 9 slices stale white bread, 6 tablespoon olive oil, 6 to 8 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon mild paprika powder, 1 tablespoon hot paprika powder, Salt, Generous 4 cups meat stock, 4 eggs], title: Sopa de Ajo Garlic Soup, picturelink: null}, 42244: {instructions: Arrange sliced veggies on a platter and squirt lime juice over them. Season vegetables with salt, chili powder and cayenne, then serve., ingredients: [Whole baby carrots, 12 seedless European cucumber super long and wrapped in plastic thinly sliced on an angle into ovals, 4 small celery stalks from the heart, cut into 4inch pieces, 12 green bell pepper, cut into thin strips, 1 lime, juiced, Salt, 2 teaspoons chili powder, Several drops hot sauce or a sprinkle of cayenne pepper], title: Cajun Crudite, picturelink: null}, 42245: {instructions: For the ketchup: To a small saucepot add the peppers, tomatoes, garlic, guava paste, onions, sugar, vinegar, crushed red pepper and salt. Simmer until the liquid begins to thicken to a hot syrup consistency. Add to a countertop blender or use an immersion blender and puree.nFor the onions: You can make these on a grill over open flame with a perforated pan. You can also make them in a saute pan. To make over a grill, toss the sliced onions in a bowl with oil, sugar, vinegar and some salt and pepper. Allow to marinate for about 20 minutes. Pour into a perforated pan and place directly on the grill over the flame. Stir constantly until all the onions are cooked and golden brown. To make in a saute pan, add the oil to a hot pan and then add the onion. Stir occasionally to allow the onions to caramelize, then deglaze with the cane vinegar. Remove from the heat and finish with the brown sugar and some salt and pepper. Let cool.nFor the potatoes: Rinse and quarter the red potatoes. Season 8 cups water with the seafood boil spice and bring to a rapid boil. Add the potatoes and simmer for about 10 minutes. Remove from the water and let cool.nFor the greens: In another shallow saute pan, add the butter and place over mediumhigh heat. When the butter is melted and sizzling, add the minced garlic. Let the garlic toast to a light golden brown, and then add the greens. Stir to coat the greens with the garlic. Add the cane vinegar. Season with salt and black pepper. Toss just to wilt the greens and remove from the heat.nFor the fish: To clean the snapper, the first thing you want to do is scale and gut the fish. Then use a pair of scissors to remove the gills and all the fins from the outside of the fish. Cut an X on both sides of the snapper.nPlace the vegetable oil in a shallow frying pan and place on medium heat. The oil should reach about 350 degrees F.nWhile the oil is heating, sprinkle both sides of the fish with the Creole seasoning and some salt and pepper. Then dredge in the seafood breading. Be careful not to bread too heavily. Bend the fish so it will look like it is swimming when it comes out the fryer. Cook the crab boiled potatoes in the oil with the fish until crisp and golden brown.nTo serve, quickly heat the barbequed onions in the pan. Toss with the garlic wilted greens and crab boiled potatoes. Place the onions, greens and potatoes on the bottom of the plate and fish in the center of the plate and drizzle with the guava ketchup. Garnish with fresh herbs and serve hot., ingredients: [3 roasted red peppers, peeled and seeded, 2 pounds roasted Roma tomatoes, skinned and seeded, 1 bulb garlic, roasted, 1 jar guava paste, 12 white onion, chopped, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups white vinegar, 12 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup thinly sliced sweet red or Vidalia onions, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, light or dark, 2 teaspoons cane vinegar, Salt and pepper, 1 12 pounds baby red potatoes, 12 cup seafood boil seasoning, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter or olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 8 ounces mild baby braising greens or leaf spinach, 1 teaspoon cane vinegar, Four 1 14 to 1 12pound whole snapper, 8 cups canola or fryer oil, Creole seasoning, Salt and pepper, 8 cups seasoned seafood breading, Fresh chopped herbs, for garnish], title: Crispy Whole Gulf Fish, picturelink: null}, 42246: {instructions: Place wine, sugar and spices in saucepan, and heat until sugar dissolves. Peel the pears, leaving the stalks on, but remove the core from the bottom using a thin, sharp knife or a potato peeler. Put the pears into the syrup and simmer gently for about 20 minutes or until tender. Remove the pears to a dish, and reduce the syrup by half by boiling rapidly. Spoon syrup over pears. Cool, and decorate with gilded bay leaves stuck in by the stalk., ingredients: [34 pint dry red wine, 4 ounces sugar, 4 cloves, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon or piece cinnamon bark, 6 large, firm pears, Gilded bay leaves, to decorate], title: Wardens in Cunfyt Pears in Red Wine, picturelink: null}, 42247: {instructions: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nCombine flour, poppy seeds, and allspice in a bowl and set aside. Butter 2 heavy, large cookie sheets and set aside.nUsing a vegetable peeler, remove all the zest from the orange only remove the orange part, not the bitter white pith. Save orange for another use. Place the granulated sugar and zest in a food processor. Process until peel is finely minced, about 2 minutes. Transfer the sugarzest mixture to an electric mixer. Add 1 cup butter and beat until light and fluffy. Beat in egg yolks. Add the flour mixture and mix slowly until combined into a soft dough.nUsing a small cookie scoop, place 1inch high mounds 2 inches apart on cookie sheets and press cookie down using a spatula dipped in water.nBake until edges are light brown, about 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on wire racks. Make the glaze by combining the powdered sugar and cream in a bowl. Using a pastry brush, brush the glaze over the cookies and then sprinkle with poppy seeds. Let stand until glaze is hardened and not wet. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 cups cake flour, 2 tablespoons poppy seeds, 2 tablespoons ground allspice, 1 cup butter, plus additional for greasing cooking sheets, 1 large orange, 1 cup sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 1 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons cream or milk, Poppy seeds], title: Orange Poppy Seed Wafers, picturelink: null}, 42248: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 heartshaped or round cookie cutters: one about 1 12inches and one about 34inch Wax paper or parchment Rolling pin 3 baking sheetsn1.Place almonds in a food processor and pulse until the almonds are ground. Set aside. 2.In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, whip the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and continue mixing until the mixture becomes light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Take care to scrape down the sides of the bowl from time to time so the butter and sugar are fully integrated and somewhat fluffy. In another bowl, combine and mix the flour, almonds, cinnamon, and nutmeg. 3.Because this dough has a good amount of butter, it needs resting time and needs to be rolled fairly quickly. Lay 3 large pieces of wax paper in a single layer on a flat surface. Sprinkle each one with a light coating of flour. Remove the bowl from the mixer and, using a rubber spatula, blend the flour mixture in with the butter. When the ingredients are fully integrated, place of the batter on each of the pieces of wax paper. Coat dough with a light layer of flour, and top with another piece of wax paper of the same length to make 3 batter sandwiches. Place two of them in the refrigerator and work with one at a time. 4.Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll the first batch into as neat a shape as possible. What matters most is avoiding creases or cracks and getting it to about inch in thickness. When the first is rolled, refrigerate it and repeat the same process for the other two. 5.Remove the first rolled sheet from the refrigerator and cut as many 1 12inch hearts or rounds. Reserve the scraps in the refrigerator. Arrange them neatly in a single layer on a greased baking sheet. Repeat with the other two sheets, reserving any scraps. 6.Cut a heart, with the smaller cutter, out of the center of half of all the cookies to create a heart outline. Roll the scraps in between two of the pieces of wax paper and cut additional hearts, if desired. Waste dough No such thing. Simply reroll all the scraps and refrigerate for a few minutes before cutting into additional cookies. 7.Until they are lightly brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the trays from the oven and allow them to cool slightly for a few minutes before gently transferring them to a flat surface. Put the raspberry jam in a bowl and whisk to remove large lumps. 8.Spoon about 14 to 12 teaspoon raspberry jam on each bottom and place a top heart on each. Dust with powdered sugar, if desired., ingredients: [2 12 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional flour for rolling the cookies, 12 cup Fisheru00ae Slivered Almonds, ground, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup seedless raspberry jam, Powdered sugar optional], title: Almond Heart Cookies, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 42249: {instructions: Grate the zucchini into a colander using the large holes of a box grater. Toss with 1 tablespoon salt, then place in the sink to drain, about 15 minutes. Squeeze out the excess liquid.nMeanwhile, melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour, nutmeg, cayenne, 2 teaspoons salt, and black pepper to taste and mix with a wooden spoon to make a paste. Cook, stirring, until the paste puffs slightly, about 3 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk, then add the thyme, bay leaves and lemon zest and bring to a boil, stirring. Reduce the heat and simmer until thickened slightly, about 25 minutes. Strain into a bowl discard the herbs.nMeanwhile, position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain and add to the sauce.nMelt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the zucchini and cook, stirring, until almost tender, about 4 minutes. Add the zucchini mixture to the pasta along with the egg yolks and all but 3 tablespoons of both cheeses stir to combine, then add the spinach.nTransfer the mixture to a 9by13inch baking dish and sprinkle with the reserved cheeses. Bake until browned on top and heated through, 25 to 30 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 pounds medium zucchini, Kosher salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups whole milk, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 bay leaves, Grated zest of 12 lemon, 1 pound medium pasta shells, 4 shallots, minced, 2 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 4 ounces parmesan cheese, grated about 1 cup, 4 ounces gruyere cheese, grated about 1 14 cups, 4 ounces baby spinach], title: Spring Shells and Cheese, picturelink: jh7M.yPx2E47t2DsHXytRYvEqpJvCyy}, 42250: {instructions: Combine lettuce, olives, tomatoes, and parsley leaves in a bowl. Sprinkle salad with a little dried Italian seasoning blend. Drizzle salad with oil and add 2 splashes red wine vinegar. Toss your salad and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 hearts of romaine, chopped, 3 tablespoons sliced green salad olives with pimento, 12 pint cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, Several fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Salad with Green Olives and Tomato, picturelink: null}, 42251: {instructions: Mix the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar in a bowl. Then, stir in eggs, oil, and milk until mixed. Do not beat the mixture.nPour 2 to 6 ounce ladles of batter on a lightly oiled griddle. Then, add 1ounce of huckleberries to each pancake. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side.nPlace the pancakes on a large plate. Then garnish with huckleberries, whipped butter, and hot maple syrup., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 cup milk, 4 ounces huckleberries, fresh or frozen, plus extra, for serving, Whipped butter and maple syrup, as an accompaniment], title: Huckleberry Pancakes, picturelink: IreMZNTFUmXEizS7QilJ6dg2okSuDRu}, 42252: {instructions: In a small pan on medium heat, melt carob chips. Add mint oil. Spoon 12 teaspoon of melted carob and mint oil into bottom of confection candy cups. Chill 10 minutes. Keep refrigerated., ingredients: [14 cup unsweetened carob chips, 18 teaspoon 100 percent pure mint oil. spearmint, wintergreen, cinnamon, Suggested garnishes: sliced almonds, chopped coconut or chopped peanuts], title: After Dinner Mints, picturelink: null}, 42253: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a medium skillet with the butter over medium heat. Add the peaches and the juice of 12 lemon, and cook until tender and lightly golden, 10 minutes. Turn off the heat.nWhile the peaches cook, heat 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, in a large skillet over mediumhigh to high heat. Cut the chicken breasts in half across the center of each breast to make 4 equal portions. Add the chicken breasts and thighs to the pan and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, about 12 minutes, then remove to a plate and cover with foil.nDrizzle the pan with the remaining extravirgin olive oil, half a turn of the pan. Add the chopped shallot, and the ginger, and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the stock, the preserves, hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce and season with black pepper, to taste. Cook over medium heat for a couple of minutes to thicken. Arrange the chicken and peaches on a platter and douse with peach sauce. Portions are 1 piece of light meat and 1 thigh per person., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 4 peaches, pitted, thickly sliced or halved, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 2 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 2inch piece ginger, grated or minced, 34 cup chicken stock, 23 cup peach preserves, 2 teaspoons hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce], title: Chicken and Peaches, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 42254: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Slice each pepper in half lengthwise, keeping the stem intact. Remove the ribs and seeds and discard, hollowing out each of the peppers. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper and place in an 8 by 8inch baking dish.nWhip the goat cheese and ricotta together until light and airy in a mixing bowl, using a hand mixer, about 2 minutes. Stir in the thyme, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if necessary. Fill each pepper halfway with 2 teaspoons of the cheese mixture and level off with a small offset spatula.nPlace the breadcrumbs in a small bowl. Pour the butter over the breadcrumbs and toss to combine. Sprinkle each pepper with the buttered breadcrumbs. Bake until golden and bubbly, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [10 sweet mini multicolored peppers about 8 ounces, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 6 ounces goat cheese, 14 cup ricotta cheese, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Sweet Pepper Poppers, picturelink: VbkHoTpZScbXio0vB6HlIoYWyYaTTe}, 42255: {instructions: 1. Cook Veggie Burger according to package directions. Top hot burger with cheese slice. Let stand for 1 minute or until cheese melts.n2. Meanwhile, in small bowl stir together mayonnaise and pesto.n3. Serve burger in focaccia along with mayonnaise mixture, roasted pepper and fresh basil leaves.nON THE GRILL:nPreheat GrillnUse a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 165 degrees F.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [1 Grillers Prime Veggie Burgers, 1 thin slice mozzarella cheese about 34 ounce, 2 teaspoons reducedfat mayonnaise or mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon pesto, 12 5 to 6inch focaccia, split, or 1 hamburger bun, split, 2 tablespoons slivered roasted red bell pepper, 2 to 3 fresh basil leaves], title: Trattoria Veggie Grillers, picturelink: BAL1.2XJjeB9HHcBpjqMIg45VDjhIjm}, 42256: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a mandoline slicer or very sharp knife, slice the mushrooms as thinly as possible and arrange them in a single layer on a large serving platter. Scatter the arugula evenly over the top.nJust before serving, squeeze the juice of the lemon over the arugula and very lightly drizzle with some olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and using a vegetable peeler, shave thin strips of Parmesan evenly over the top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound large white mushrooms, brushed clean and trimmed, 4 ounces baby arugula, 1 lemon, halved, Extravirgin olive oil, Wedge Parmesan, for shaving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mushroom Carpaccio, picturelink: DsU4gkOjNuZLg7XBQeR4bDKaHxte.Vi}, 42257: {}, 42258: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to high. Brush cut side of plums with oil, drizzle with 1 tablespoon honey, and sprinkle with a pinch each of cinnamon and orange zest. Place plums on the grill, cut side down, and grill for 2 minutes or until golden brown and slightly caramelized. Turn over and grill until just heated through, approximately 1 minute longer. Place 3 plum halves in each of 4 bowls and top with a few tablespoons of the Spiced Walnut Yogurt Sauce.nWhisk all ingredients together in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate if not using right away., ingredients: [6 plums, halved and pitted, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon honey, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch finely grated orange zest, Spiced Walnut Yogurt Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup finely chopped walnuts, toasted], title: Grilled Plums with Spiced Walnut Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: Zn8gGIF8wdKIMZlQ1yAQHmYdp2ZskES}, 42259: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high. Pat the pork dry and season with salt and pepper. Lightly oil the grill, then grill the pork, turning, until marked, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the peaches, wine, brown sugar, and 12 cup water in a saucepan. Remove strips of zest from the lemon with a vegetable peeler and add to the pan squeeze in the lemon juice. Cover and cook over mediumhigh heat until the peaches are just tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a bowl with a slotted spoon.nAdd the mustard, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper to the juices in the pan. Transfer 13 cup of the liquid to a small bowl and stir in the chopped rosemary brush onto the pork and continue grilling until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 145 degrees F, 10 to 15 more minutes. Transfer to a cutting board.nMeanwhile, simmer the remaining liquid in the saucepan until syrupy, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and season with salt. Return the peaches to the pan along with the rosemary sprigs. Slice the pork and serve with the peaches.nPer serving: Calories 376 Fat 8 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 147 mg Sodium 181 mg Carbohydrate 26 g Fiber 1 g Protein 49 gnPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 1pound pork tenderloins, trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 3 firmripe peaches, halved, pitted and cut into wedges, 12 cup dry white wine, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 lemon, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 14 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, plus 1 or 2 small sprigs], title: RosemaryMustard Pork With Peaches, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 42260: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the egg whites, sugar, salt and vanilla in a large bowl until combined fold in the coconut.nScoop heaping tablespoonfuls of the coconut mixture about 1 inch apart onto the baking sheet. Use your fingers to form into pyramids. Bake until golden brown around the edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheet, then transfer to a rack to cool completely., ingredients: [3 large egg whites, 12 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14ounce package sweetened shredded coconut], title: Basic Coconut Macaroons, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 42261: {instructions: In a hot saute pan add oil, garlic and shrimp and saute for approximately 1 minute. Add squid and mussels and simmer until mussels open. Do not allow shrimp to overcook. Season with salt and pepper. Remove shrimp if mussels are not open. Remove seafood with slotted spoon and reserve. Reduce remaining liquid to nape. Add 1 bunch watercress and deglaze with soy sauce.nPlace second bunch of watercress in mixing bowl and toss with sliced red onion, tomatoes, bean sprouts, chervil, chives, champagne vinegar and salt and pepper to taste.nPlate watercress on plates and garnish with seafood around and on top. Sprinkle with crumbled feta cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 8 to 10 mediumsized shrimp, peeled, deveined and cleaned, 6 to 8 ounces frozen or fresh squid cleaned and sliced into tubes, 5 ounces mussels, 2 bunches of watercress, rinsed and cleaned, 12inch of stems snipped off, 2 to 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 medium red onion, 2 tomatoes concasse or cut into strips, 6 ounces bean sprouts, mung or soy, 2 ounces chervil, 12 bunch of chives cut into 1inch sticks, 2 to 3 ounces champagne vinegar, Salt and pepper, 2 to 3 ounces feta cheese for garnish], title: Watercress and Seafood Salad, picturelink: null}, 42262: {instructions: This is a serious childhood throwback for me. I have a memory of my mother taking this out of the oven and I could smell the chocolate and the almonds more than anything else. So delicious.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Use the butter to thoroughly grease the bottom and sides of a 1 quart loaf pan.nAdd the 2 whole eggs to a small pot and cover them with cold water. Bring the water to a gentle boil over medium heat. When the water boils, lower the heat to a simmer and cook the eggs for 6 minutes. Remove the eggs from the pot and run them under cold water to stop them from overcooking.nIn a medium bowl add the ricotta and whisk until free of lumps. Add the sugar, rum, chocolate and almonds and stir to blend. Set aside.nPeel the hardboiled eggs and put the yolks through a small strainer to break them into small bits. Add the egg yolks to the ricotta mixture.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, add the 2 egg whites and beat until stiff peaks form, about 3 to 5 minutes. Gently fold the egg whites into the ricotta mixture with a rubber spatula, retaining as much fluffiness as possible. Transfer the mixture to the loaf pan. Put the pan into a shallow water bath and bake, undisturbed, for 50 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and the water bath. Allow to cool 10 to 15 minutes before serving. Sprinkle with a touch of lemon zest and some chocolate over each individual portion., ingredients: [2 teaspoons butter, softened, 2 whole eggs, plus 2 egg whites, 34 pound ricotta cheese, drained, 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 12 ounces dark rum, 2 tablespoons bittersweet chocolate, finely grated, plus more for garnish, 18 pound blanched almonds, toasted and coarsely chopped, Lemon zest, for garnish], title: Chocolate Ricotta Pudding, picturelink: 8LF6ueP6VREUBGvQCt5Y3fJYsPh0Vcm}, 42263: {instructions: Adjust the rack to the middle of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F.nPlace the apples, cornstarch, sugar, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg and cloves in a bowl and mix well, making sure the apples are well coated. Place in a 9 by 13inch pan and bake about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, stir and let cool at room temperature.nAdjust the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nFill the pie shell with the apple filling. Top with a lattice or double crust top. Brush lightly with the egg wash. Bake until golden brown, about 40 minutes. Let cool, serve and enjoy., ingredients: [6 to 8 medium Granny Smith apples, cored and sliced, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, Pinch ground nutmeg, Dash ground cloves, 1 9inch unbaked pie shell, plus dough for lattice or double crust top, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 42264: {instructions: For the dip:nPreheat broiler.nCombine all ingredients in mixing bowl and stir to combine. Place in a broilerproof serving dish and broil for 10 minutes or until hot and bubbly.nFor the won ton chips:nHeat 2 inches of peanut oil in a Dutch oven or fryer to 350 degrees F. Add won ton wrappers in batches to fry lightly. Remove from oil and let drain on paper towels before serving. Season with salt., ingredients: [Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, cut into cubes, Two 6ounce cans lump crabmeat, drained and shredded, One 10ounce can condensed shrimp bisque, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 scallion, finely chopped, Peanut oil, 1 package won ton wrappers, Salt, to taste], title: Hot Crab Rangoon Dip with Won Ton Chips, picturelink: tuKAXPVJSGCLCkTrnXPxMz2rd6c2nz6}, 42265: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients. Add enough bacon drippings or shortening to a cast iron skillet to make 14inch fat. Drop mixture by the tablespoon into hot skillet and cook 1 minute on each side or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 cup fresh corn or frozen kernels, 2 eggs, beaten, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon all purpose flour, 2 tablespoons coarse yellow cornmeal, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch grated nutmeg, Bacon drippings, for frying, or shortening], title: Corn Fritters, picturelink: null}, 42266: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente about 2 minutes less than the label directs, adding the broccoli during the last 4 minutes of cooking. Drain the pasta and broccoli and rinse under cool water shake off the excess. Remove the broccoli and pat dry.nWhisk the mayonnaise, buttermilk, 14 cup chives, the parsley, half of the lime juice, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Toss the pasta and a few tablespoons of the dressing in a medium bowl.nAssemble the salad: Toss the avocados with the remaining lime juice in a large glass serving bowl and season with salt arrange in an even layer. Top with layers of the ham, broccoli, pasta, cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. Drizzle some of the remaining dressing on top and sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon chives, or cover and refrigerate the salad and dressing separately up to 6 hours. Bring to room temperature before serving.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces farfalle about 4 cups, 2 stalks broccoli, cut into florets, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Juice of 1 lime, Freshly ground pepper, 2 avocados, diced, 1 12ounce piece deli ham, diced about 2 cups, 8 ounces yellow cheddar cheese, shredded, 1 small head romaine lettuce, sliced, 2 tomatoes, diced], title: 7Layer Pasta Salad, picturelink: QYoejWbesoJK2xlkspJfBpwWdEpPxF.}, 42267: {instructions: Brush bass with olive oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper. Heat saute pan or grill pan over high heat until smoking. Grill, skin side down, for 3 to 4 minutes or until golden brown. Turn over and continue cooking for 2 to 3 minutes for mediumwell doneness. Place a heaping mound of Yellow Pepper Grits onto 4 dinner plates. Place a fillet on top of each and drizzle with the Poblano Sauce.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRub the pepper with 2 tablespoons of the oil and place on a baking sheet. Roast in the oven until soft and skin is blackened. Place the peppers in a medium bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let sit for 15 minutes. Remove the skin and seeds from the peppers. Place 2 of the peppers in a food processor and process until smooth. Cut the remaining pepper into fine dice and set aside.nPlace the hominy in a food processor and process until smooth. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions, season with salt and pepper, and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for an additional 2 minutes. Add the hominy, yellow pepper puree, and heavy cream. Season with salt, pepper, and chipotle puree. Cook for 10 minutes and fold in the diced yellow peppers and cheddar.nPlace peppers, vinegar, cilantro and honey in a blender and season with salt and pepper. Blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified., ingredients: [4 6 ounce Chilean Sea bass fillets, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Roasted Yellow Pepper Grits, recipe follows, Roasted Poblano Sauce, recipe follows, 3 large yellow peppers, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chipotle puree, 2 16 ounce cans hominy, drained, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup grated white Cheddar, 3 poblano peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup olive oil], title: Chilean Sea Bass with Roasted Yellow Pepper Grits and Roasted Poblano Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42268: {instructions: In a large stockpot or wok on medium heat, coat lightly with oil and saute the chorizo, chicken, garlic, ginger, black beans and jalapenos. Constantly stir and break up the meat. Add the onions, season, and sweat. Deglaze with fish sauce and wine. Reduce by 25 percent and add stock. Bring to a simmer and check for seasoning. Season the shrimp and fresh scallops. Add all seafood, noodles, broccoli, and bell peppers. Bring back to a simmer. Add scallions and lime juice. Check again for flavor, garnish with puree, and serve.nIn a blender, add herbs, garlic, lime juice, sugar, and a little oil. On high, puree and add the remaining of the oil. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Grapeseed oil, for cooking, 4 chorizo sausages, casings removed, 1 pound ground chicken, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, rinsed, chopped, 2 jalapenos, destemmed, chopped, 2 yellow onions, sliced, 14 cup fish sauce recommended: 3Crab, 1 cup white wine, 2 quarts chicken stock, or more as needed, Salt and black pepper, 1 pound U15, large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tail on, 1 pound bay scallops, 12 cup, dried scallops, soaked in hot water until soft, 1 pound Shanghai noodles, blanched and refreshed a little larger than spaghetti, 2 heads broccoli, florets and stem peeled, julienned, 2 red bell peppers, julienned, 1 cup sliced scallions, 4 limes, juiced, Herb Puree, recipe follows, 1 bunch Thai basil, leaves removed, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves removed, 1 bunch mint, leaves removed, 2 cloves garlic, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 34 cup grapeseed oil, Salt and black pepper], title: Surf and Turf Noodle Hot Pot with Herb Puree, picturelink: null}, 42269: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In large bowl, mix dry cake mix and dry pudding mix. Add melted butter, egg, water and vanilla stir until soft dough forms. Shape dough into 1 14inch balls roll in sugar. On ungreased cookie sheets, place balls about 2 inches apart flatten slightly. Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until set. Cool 2 minutes remove from cookie sheet to cooling rack. Cool completely, about 20 minutes. Store tightly covered.nTip: Cooking Gluten Free Always read labels to make sure each recipe ingredient is gluten free. Products and ingredient sources can change., ingredients: [1 box 15 oz Betty Crockeru00ae Gluten Free devils food cake mix, 1 box 4serving size gluten free chocolate instant pudding and pie filling mix, 12 cup butter, melted, 1 egg, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon gluten free vanilla, Sugar], title: Gluten Free Fudge Crinkles, picturelink: EU0w27.Rbdc5qhWS6uBwM9aoc9mqy}, 42270: {instructions: Toss vegetables together in a medium bowl.nIn a medium saute pan, heat the butter and water together over medium heat. Add the vegetables to the pan and turn the heat to medium high. Toss the vegetables, by gently moving the pan back and forth over the flame. Cook the vegetables for 3 to 4 minutes, or until heated through. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the vegetables to a serving bowl and serve immediately.nCook the vegetables in 1 to 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil or butter, without the water. Do this over high heat and brown and crisp the vegetables slightly.nAdd 1 to 2 teaspoons of minced garlic, minced shallot, a teaspoon of grated peeled fresh ginger to the pan before adding the vegetables.  Enhance the vegetables at the end of cooking with a tablespoon or so of minced fresh herbs, like chopped flatleaf parsley, dill, mint, basil, cilantro, or thyme.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and salt it generously. Fill a large bowl with ice water, and put a colander or strainer in it. Add the vegetable to the boiling water and cook, uncovered, until crisp tender, or the desired degree of doneness. Scoop the vegetable from the water and immediately put them in the ice water, to stop the cooking and set their color. Cool and drain, and use as desired. When blanching a mix of vegetables, dont cook them together since they may not all cook at the same time. Start with the lightest colored or mildest flavored vegetable, and blanch and refresh each vegetable, one after the other, until cooked as desired., ingredients: [4 cups mixed blanched and refreshed vegetables, such as broccoli florets, cauliflower florets, carrot rounds, green beans, or radish quarters, procedure follows, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons water, Kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Vegetable Medley, picturelink: null}, 42271: {instructions: Drain the capers if packed in vinegar. Soak, rinse, and drain if packed in salt, then chop fine. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Remove the salmons skin, any loose membranes, and carefully pick out all the bones. Dice the fish finely and put it in a bowl, together with 2 12 tablespoons of olive oil, the chopped parsley, garlic, capers, 1 tablespoon of bread crumbs, salt, and several grindings of black pepper. Toss thoroughly. Wash the tomatoes, cut them horizontally in half, and scoop out all the seeds and the centers to make a cuplike hollow. Pat the insides of the tomatoes with paper towels to soak up excess juice, then stuff the tomatoes with the salmon mixture, pressing it down lightly as you do so. There should be enough to form a mound. Sprinkle the tops with the remaining bread crumbs and drizzle with the remaining olive oil, holding back a few drops of the oil to smear the bottom of a baking pan. Place the tomatoes in the oiled baking pan and bake in the upper level of the preheated oven for 35 minutes or until the salmon stuffing has formed a light golden crust. Serve not piping hot, but lukewarm. The dish is also good later, not reheated but at room temperature., ingredients: [Salt, to taste, Black pepper, freshly ground, 2 large, ripe, firm tomatoes, weighing approximately 34 pound each, 1 tablespoon capers, preferably packed in salt, 1 pound salmon, 3 12 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped Italian flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon very finely chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons fine, dry, unflavored bread crumbs], title: Baked Tomatoes Stuffed with Salmon, Garlic, and Capers, picturelink: null}, 42272: {instructions: Combine the milk, halfandhalf and 2 of the cinnamon sticks in a small saucepan. Warm over mediumlow heat, then stir in the chocolate discs. Stir until melted though there will still be lovely particles of chocolate throughout. If its too chocolatey for you, splash in a little more milk. If its not quite sweet enough for you, add 1 teaspoon sugar.nServe in mugs topped with toasted marshmallows, and place a cinnamon stick in each mug., ingredients: [3 cups milk, plus more if needed, 1 cup halfandhalf, 8 cinnamon sticks, 2 discs Mexican chocolate, such as Abuelita, 1 teaspoon sugar, optional, Toasted marshmallows, for serving], title: Mexican Hot Chocolate, picturelink: 1YohhbHnti.iJpz1RlBmzhz0RfcVOEm}, 42273: {instructions: Remove crust from package, unfold and cut crust into 8 equal pie shape pieces. Place 1 heaping tablespoon of fruit on pastry leaving a 12inch edge all around. Taking another piece of pastry, dip finger in water and dampen edges of pastry all around. Place on top of the filling pressing to seal. Dip end of dinner fork in flour and press continuously around edge to insure a proper seal. One box of crust will make 8 pies.nPour cooking oil into a cast iron skillet, a little less tan 12inch deep. This would be 1 12 cups oil in a 10inch skillet. Heat over medium high heat, when oil is hot, place pies in a skillet and cook for approximately 2 minutes on each side until golden brown. Drain on a paper towel. Repeat until all pies are cooked or you may wrap and freeze extra pies for another day. While hot, sprinkle with sugar.nFor an even easier method use canned biscuits that have been rolled out on a 5 or 6inch round circle. Seal pies as directed.nServe pies with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 21ounce can apple pie filling, 1 5ounce package refrigerated pie crust, Cooking oil, Sugar, for sprinkling], title: Fried Apple Pies, picturelink: null}, 42274: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, stir the grits and salt into the boiling water. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and pout into a buttered 8x8inch dish. Let cool until firm. Remove from the dish and cut into quarters.nFry the bacon in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. With slotted spoon, remove the bacon and drain on paper towels, reserving the fat in the pan.nIn the same skillet, sear the quartered grits over high heat until golden on both sides. With a spatula, transfer to a platter.nCombine the salt, pepper, cumin, paprika, and cayenne in a bowl. Add the shrimp and toss to coat evenly.nWipe the skillet clean and heat the olive oil over high heat. Saute the shrimp 1 to 2 minutes. Toss in the jalapenos, green onion, garlic and reserved bacon and cook 1 minute longer. Remove from heat and stir in the lime juice. Scatter over the seared grits and serve., ingredients: [34 cup grits, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 3 34 cups boiling water, 4 slices bacon, thinly sliced, PanSeared Grits, recipe above, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 10 to 12 ounces medium shrimp in the shell, washed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 red jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded, and julienned, 2 green jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded, and julienned, 1 bunch green onions, trimmed and thinly sliced on the diagonal, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, Juice of 2 limes], title: Panseared Grits with Spiced Shrimp and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 42275: {instructions: Combine salad, oranges, fennel and olives in large bowl. Toss with Fresh Orange Dressing, to coat, as desired. Refrigerate any remaining vinaigrette.nWhisk together 14 cup orange or blood orange juice, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon Dijonstyle mustard, salt and ground black pepper, to taste until blended. Makes about 34 cup., ingredients: [1 pkg. 6 oz. DOLEu00ae Tender Garden, 2 oranges, peeled and cut in half slices, 1 fennel bulb, trimmed, cored and thinly sliced lengthwise, 8 pitted Kalamata olives, cut in half, Orange Vinaigrette recipe below], title: Orange and Fennel Salad, picturelink: TemKwhNF4FXkXZjR1So3G.a7aaJLqq}, 42276: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat the butter in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the bacon and onion and cook, stirring, until soft. Add the sauerkraut and stir to combine.nIn a swath of cheesecloth, combine the juniper berries, peppercorns, caraway seeds, parsley, thyme, cloves, and bay leaves and tie into a bundle with a piece of kitchen twine. Add the spice bundle to the sauerkraut mixture. Pour in the wine and add enough water to cover the sauerkraut. Stir to combine and bring to a boil. Cover pan tightly with foil and braise in middle of oven for 2 hours. The sauerkraut may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead, cooled, uncovered, and chilled, covered with plastic wrap.nHeat the oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat and, working in batches, brown the sausages.nUncover the casserole and nestle the sausages, pork loin, and potatoes in the sauerkraut, partially submerging them. Recover and continue braising for 30 minutes more.nServe the choucroute at the table in the Dutch oven or transfer to a large serving platter., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 pound smoked slab bacon, rind removed and cut crosswise into 14inch pieces, 2 mediumlarge onions, sliced, 9 cups drained sauerkraut about 5 to 6 pounds, rinsed and squeezed drys, 1 tablespoon juniper berries, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, 6 sprigs parsley, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 cloves, 2 bay leaves, 1 bottle white wine, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 pounds assorted smoked and precooked fresh sausages we used smoked kielbasa cut into thick slices, frankfurters, and baernwurst, and precooked fresh bratwurst, weisswurst, and chipolata, 1 pound piece smoked boneless pork loin Canadian bacon, cut into 6 slices, 2 12 pounds small waxystyle potatoes, peeled, Serving suggestion: Coarsegrained mustard], title: Choucroute Garnie, picturelink: null}, 42277: {instructions: For the caramel popcorn bowl: Spray the inside of a 4quart glass mixing bowl with nonstick cooking spray. Spray the outside of a smaller 3quart glass mixing bowl. Set aside. In a large heatproof bowl, toss together the popcorn and peanuts.nIn a medium saucepan, melt the butter. Add the brown sugar, corn syrup and salt and stir until well combined, taking care not to get sugar crystals stuck to the sides of the pot. Bring to a boil and cook until a candy thermometer inserted in the mixture reads 300 degrees F.nPour the caramel mixture over the popcorn and peanuts. Stir with a rubber spatula to evenly coat all of the popcorn mixture. While still hot, pour the coated popcorn into the greased 4quart mixing bowl. Use the smaller bowl to push the popcorn against and up the sides to form the walls of the bowl. Refrigerate to set.nIn the meantime, over a double boiler or in a microwave at intervals, melt the white chocolate together with the coconut oil, stirring to combine. Remove the popcorn bowl from the refrigerator. Use a rubber spatula, spoon andor pastry brush to coat the inside of the bowl completely with the melted white chocolate. Place back in the refrigerator to set for at least 1 hour and up to overnight.nFor the popcorn filling: Remove the bowl from the refrigerator and fill with your favorite flavor of popcorn. Serve or wrap up for a gift., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the mixing bowls, 16 cups popped natural popcorn, 1 cup salted peanuts, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 12 cups lightly packed brown sugar, 13 cup light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups white chocolate melting wafers, 2 teaspoons coconut oil, 10 cups favorite flavor popped popcorn], title: Caramel Popcorn Bowl, picturelink: null}, 42278: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil to 350 degrees F in a large 12 or 14inch castiron skillet filled halfway up.nMix the flour, paprika and garlic salt in a bowl. Add the beer and whisk until the mixture reaches the consistency of a thin pancake batter. Rest the batter in the fridge for 15 minutes.nOnce rested, dunk the fish in the batter, let excess drip off and then gently slide the fish into the oil. Fry until just golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove the fish to a wire rack set over a sheet tray and season with salt.nThe sandwich build: Lay a piece of American cheese on each bun, set a piece fish on top, then dollop on an even layer of Chipotle Tartar Sauce and sprinkle with red onion.nIn a bowl, combine the mayonnaise, relish, honey, mustard, chipotle and a little hit of the adobo sauce. Season with salt and pepper, and then prepare to want to put this sauce on everything., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 23 cup selfrising flour, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 bottle about 34 cup IPA beer, 1 pound cod, cut into 8 hot dog bunlength strips, Salt, 8 hot dog buns I like a potato bun, split, 4 slices yellow American cheese, cut in half, Chipotle Tartar Sauce, recipe follows, 12 red onion, diced, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons pickle relish, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 chipotle in adobo sauce, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fish Dog, picturelink: vO7kalTndrW9W2pCpue8rvZm57mpdOK}, 42279: {instructions: Put the olive oil and butter into a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the vegetables and toss to coat them well with the fat season with salt and pepper. Add 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer, cover the pot, and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the Herb Butter by combining the soft butter and herbs together season with some salt and pepper.nTo serve, spread some Herb Butter in the bottom of a bowl. Add the hot vegetables and dot with more Herb Butter. Moisten with some of the cooking liquid and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 pounds parsnips, peeled and sliced into circles, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup mixed chopped fresh herbs, like chervil, parsley and chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Herbed Butter Parsnips, picturelink: 1aYeOwDgaRqO6uh8yDPkasBqwETdsFi}, 42280: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 to 1 12 tablespoons hickory, alder or oak wood chips, soaked 2 tablespoons hickory or mesquite wood chips, soakednSmoke the skirt steak according to the directions below.nTo make the marinade: while the steak is cooling, toast the cumin seeds in a small skillet over mediumlow heat, shaking the constantly so they dont burn or stick, just until they are fragrant, about 3 minutes. Let them cool, Squeeze the juice from the limes into 1gallon heavy plastic resealable bag. Add the cumin seeds, garlic, salt, and the pepper flakes and swish the marinade around to dissolve the salt. Slip the cooled steaks into the marinade, press out most of the air from the bag, and seal the bag very tightly. Refrigerate the beef for at least 4 hours or up to 1 day, turning the bag several times.nTo prepare the accompaniments, heat the vegetable oil in a large, deep, skillet over medium heat. Stir in the red onions and cook, stirring often, until they are wilted, about 5 minutes. Add the green peppers and cook until they are wilted enough t make room for the red peppers. Add the red peppers, season the vegetables lightly with salt and adjust the heat to low. Cook, stirring often, until tender, about 20 minutes. The vegetables can be prepared several hours in advance. Reheat them over low heat just before serving.nTo prepare the fajitas indoors: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap the tortillas in aluminum foil. Reheat the vegetables if necessary. Drain the steak well and discard the marinade. Heat a lightly oiled large grill pan or heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat until smoking. Cook the steak, turning once, just until seared on both sides, about 5 minutes. At this point the steak will be about mediumrare. Turn off the heat and continue cook in the hot pan for a more welldone steak. Remove the steak from the skillet to a carving board and let it rest about 5 minutes. Pop the tortillas into the oven and let them warm while the steak is resting.nTo prepare the fajitas on a charcoal or gas grill: Wrap the tortillas in aluminum foil. Reheat the vegetables if necessary, using a corner of the grill if there is room. Drain the steak well and discard the marinade. Cook the steak on the hottest part of the grill until both sides are well browned, about 6 minutes. The steak at this point will be about mediumrare, move the steak to a cooler part of the grill and continue to cook it for a more welldone steak. Remove the steak to a carving board and let it rest about 5 minutes. Set the tortilla on a moderately hot part of the grill and let them warm, turning once or twice, while the steak rests.nTo serve: Cut the steak crosswise into thin slices and pile the slices on a serving plate. Serve the vegetables directly from the skillet or scoop them into a serving bowl. Pass the tortillas, salsa, sour cream, steak, and vegetables around the table and let everyone dress their own fajitas as they like.nPrepare stovetop smoker with soaked wood chips according to manufacturersu00bf instructions.nTrim any excess fat from the surface of the steak and cut the steak in half crosswise.nSeason the skirt steak with a generous rubbing of kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper or Southwestern rub.nOne end of the steak will be considerably thinner and cook faster than the other half. If you would like to cook both halves to the same doneness, add the thinner pieces to the smoker after the thicker pieces have been smoking for about 8 minutes. If you are not planning to finish the steak on the grill as described above, smoke the halves until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of each half registers 125 degrees F. for a mediumrare steak, about 24 minutes after closing the smoker lid, longer for more well done steaks. Skirt steaks are a little tricky to check for doneness with an instantread thermometer. Poke the thickest part of the steak with the thermometer in a few places, aiming for the center of the steak. If you do plan to grill the steak after smoking, cook the steaks to a temperature of 100 to 105 degrees F, which will take about 18 minutes. The steaks can be smoked up to 2 days before grilling them.nSmoke the tomatoes according to the directions below. Cool them to room temperature.nPeel off as much of the skins as will come off easily. Chop the tomatoes coarsely and toss them together with the chiles, red onion and cilantro in a bowl. Season with salt to taste. The salsa improves if it stands at room temperature for about half an hour before serving. You can refrigerate the salsa for up to one day. Bring it to room temperature and drain off any liquid before serving.nPrepare stovetop smoker with soaked wood chips according to manufacturersu00bf instructions.nCut the cored from the tomatoes with a paring knife then cut the tomatoes in half through the core end. Squeeze out the seeds and juice. Line the tomato halves side by side and cut side up on the smoking rack.nSeason the cut side of the tomatoes with a generous sprinkling of salt and pepper.nSmoke until the tomatoes are softened, but not mushy 10 minutes over the heat after closing the smoker lid and about 20 minutes off the heat with the smoker lid closed.nCheck the tomatoes for doneness after theyve been standing off the heat for 10 minutes.nServe smoked tomatoes as a side dish with just about any grilled or roasted meat, or seafood dish.nYield: 4 servingsnSouthwestern Rub:n3 whole dried cayenne chiles or 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakesn2 tablespoons coriander seedsn4 tablespoons cumin seedsn2 teaspoons kosher saltnSnap the stems off the dried peppers, if using them. For a milder rub, tap out and discard the seeds. Crumble all the peppers into a small saucepan and add the coriander and cumin seeds. Toast the mix over low heat, stirring constantly, until the seeds are lightly browned and little wisps of smoke rise from the pan. Pour the spices onto a plate and cool them to room temperature. Grind them to a powder in a spice mill. Store the rub in an airtight jar in a cool, dark place for up to two weeks.nYield: 4 tablespoons, ingredients: [1 12 pounds Smoked Skirt Steak, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 2 limes, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and sliced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 large red onions, peeled, halved and cut into 14inch strips, 2 large green bell peppers, cored, seeded and cut into 14inch strips, 2 large red bell peppers, cored, seeded, and cut into 14inch strips, Kosher salt, 8 flour tortillas, SmokySpicy Salsa, recipe follows, or your own favorite homemade or storebought salsa, for serving, Sour cream, for serving, 1 to 1 12 tablespoons hickory, alder or oak wood chips, soaked, 1 1 to 1 14pound skirt steak, halved crosswise, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper or 2 teaspoons Southwestern Rub, recipe follows, 8 smoked Plum Tomatoes, recipe follows, 1 large poblano or 3 jalapenos, stemmed and finely diced, 12 small red onion, finely diced about 14 cup, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons hickory or mesquite wood chips, soaked, 8 plum tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: My Favorite Fajitas, picturelink: null}, 42281: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Spring Entertaining Guide, picturelink: null}, 42282: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season both sides of steak with salt, pepper and mesquite seasoning. Sear steak in hot pan 2 minutes per side, until browned. Remove steak from pan and add sliced onions and ale to pan. Bring to a simmer, scraping up any brown bits from the bottom of pan. Return steak to pan and simmer 2 to 4 more minutes for medium doneness. Remove steak from pan reserving sauce in pan and let rest 10 minutes. Reduce heat to low and let ale simmer down while steak rests. Cut steak crosswise into thin slices and serve the steak, onions and pan sauce over quinoa., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 pound London broil steak or flank steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons mesquite seasoning, 2 roasted onions, stem end removed and thinly sliced, One 12ounce ale beer, 1 cup quinoa, cooked according to package directions], title: London Broil with Ale au jus and Roasted Onions with Quinoa, picturelink: D5n1Qvq40unad.wY6dWyxB.94DtK5m}, 42283: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Spread each chip with a thin layer of refried beans and place onto a foil lined baking sheet. Sprinkle cheese over chips and bake in oven for 5 minutes or until cheese melts. Remove chips from oven and top each one with 1 or 2 teaspoons of salsa and a dab of sour cream. Bake for 3 more minutes. Top each chip with a jalapeno slice. Serve immediately., ingredients: [10 tortilla chips, preferably not broken, 12 cup canned refried beans, 1 cup shredded jalapeno jack cheese, 1 cup salsa, 12 cup sour cream, 10 pickled jalapeno slices optional], title: Lake Placid Nachos, picturelink: null}, 42284: {instructions: To make sauce, saute garlic in olive oil until just brown. Add both cans of tomatoes with liquid and let simmer. Season with salt and pepper. Break casing of sausage to release meat. Form meatballs by mixing sausage meat with ground beef, pork and veal, egg, cheese, parsley, garlic, and shallots. Add in bread crumbs until fully incorporated. Add in water until mixture is moist and holds together. Form into balls. Heat oil in a large pot and fry meatballs in batches, making sure to brown all sides. Remove and drain on paper towel. Place meatballs in sauce and continue to simmer for 20 minutes. Serve sauce and meatballs on top of pasta., ingredients: [7 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 28ounce can peeled San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, chopped coarse, Salt and pepper, 14 pound sweet sausage, 12 pound ground lean beef, 14 pound ground pork, 14 pound ground veal, 1 egg, 1 2 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano, 1 tablespoon Italian parsley, chopped, 12 teaspoon garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon shallots, minced, 1 cup bread crumbs, 1 cup water, 1 cup olive oil, 1 pound spaghetti, cooked al dente, Fresh basil, chiffonade, for garnish], title: Spaghetti with Meatballs, picturelink: L5UfQbsXubEJGT02UROjB9cm1QQ4cu}, 42285: {instructions: Add all ingredients to a martini shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously and strain into a martini glass. Serve., ingredients: [Ice, 2 shots vanilla vodka, 12 shot key lime juice, 2 tablespoons cream of coconut recommended: Coco Lopez, 1 shot pineapple juice], title: Key Lime Martini, picturelink: kqZuI8dRkTT.8oxvO9sTmGxDPctKxS}, 42286: {instructions: Adjust the oven racks to fit a large Dutch oven preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Rub the brisket with the paprika, 1 tablespoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the brisket and sear well on all sides, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, stir together the ketchup, vinegar, molasses, brown sugar, mustard powder, bourbon, Worcestershire, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 cup water. Pour the barbecue sauce over the brisket.nCover the Dutch oven transfer to the oven and cook, undisturbed, until the meat is tender, 3 12 to 4 hours. Transfer the brisket to a large bowl. Meanwhile, skim excess fat from the sauce in the Dutch oven and bring to a boil over medium heat on the stovetop. Boil until the sauce is thickened you should have about 2 cups sauce, about 10 minutes. Season with more vinegar, bourbon, and salt, if desired.nPull the meat apart into large chunks and stir into about twothirds of the sauce. Sandwich the meat on the potato rolls. Serve with extra sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 5 to 6pound beef brisket, point cut, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup ketchup, 23 cup cider vinegar, plus more for seasoning, 14 cup molasses, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon mustard powder, 3 tablespoons bourbon, plus more for seasoning, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 10 potato rolls, for serving], title: BarbecueBraised Brisket Sandwiches, picturelink: SPOQLgX62ylBIaa6PitUCafmCV5Dqy}, 42287: {instructions: Combine 2 ounces each chopped soppressata, mortadella and provolone in a bowl. Add 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 1 cup chopped tomatoes, 12 thinly sliced red onion, 12 cup chopped pepperoncini, 1 tablespoon each red wine vinegar and vegetable oil, and 14 teaspoon dried oregano toss. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [], title: Hoagie Slaw, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 42288: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat 12 cup olive oil on medium high heat. Sweat the squash and the onion together until very soft.nIn a food processor, puree the squash mixture. Drain well to get out extra moisture. Put in a bowl with cheese, butter, bread crumbs, eggs, scallions, thyme, salt, and pepper. Mix well. Let it stand for 1 hour, refrigerated.nRoll into about 2inch balls. Lightly dredge in the flour and fry in the remaining olive oil and butter until golden brown., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, plus 34 cup, for frying, 1 pound summer squash, peeled and quartered, 1 large onion, chopped fine, 3 tablespoons grated Kasseri,, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 4 cups panko or bread crumbs, 2 eggs, 2 scallions, sliced thin, 1 teaspoon finely chopped thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon butter, for frying], title: Summer Squash Fritters: Kolokethokeftaide, picturelink: null}, 42289: {instructions: Preheat the oven at 350 degrees F.nOn a parchment paperlined baking sheet, arrange the slices of ham and cover with another piece of parchment paper and another baking tray on top. This technique will ensure the Serrano stays flat while it cooks. Bake in the oven for approximately 30 minutes, or until crispy. Remove from oven and set aside on paper towel.nFor the polenta: In a heavy saucepan, combine the stock and milk. Add the cilantro and garlic and bring to a boil. Let simmer on medium heat for 2 minutes to flavor the mixture. Remove the cilantro and garlic. Whisk in the cornmeal and cook over low heat for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring often with a wooden spoon until the grains are soft. Fold in the Asiago cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm and covered.nFor the egg: In a large saucepan, bring the water to a boil and drop in the eggs for 6 minutes. Remove the eggs with a slotted spoon, run under cold water to shock the eggs and reserve. Before serving, rattle them around to crack the shell and peel them.nIn the same saucepan containing boiling water, cook the kale for 1 minute. Drain and reserve in an ice bath. In a saucepan on medium heat melt the butter. Squeeze out the excess liquid from the kale with your hands, chop it in half. Saute the kale with lemon juice for 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nFor Serving: Place a large spoon of polenta on each plate. Top with the kale, a soft boiled egg and garnish with more grated Asiago cheese and 2 slices of Serrano ham. Serve immediately. Add 14 to 12 cup water or stock, cover the dish, and reheat in the microwave or over low heat. Whisk well before serving. Grate a dusting of Parmesan or other favored cheese over the top just before serving., ingredients: [8 slices Serrano ham, 4 eggs, 2 bunches kale, 1 tablespoon butter, Juice of 1 lemon, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups milk, 3 sprigs fresh cilantro, 2 cloves garlic, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 cup freshly grated Asiago cheese, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: 6Minute Egg on Creamy Polenta with Crispy Serrano Ham, picturelink: null}, 42290: {instructions: Put the sugar in a saucepan with the cinnamon stick and a scant cup of water. Bring to a boil and simmer until the sugar has dissolved completely and the syrup is clear. Remove the cinnamon stick and let the syrup cool. Mix together the sugar syrup, red wine and orange zest. Beat the egg white until soft peaks form, and then fold into the red wine mixture. Transfer the mixture to a metal bowl and place in the freezer for 3 hours. Break up the ice crystals occasionally by whisking with a balloon whisk. Before serving, the sorbet should be whisked again, then divided between chilled glassed. Decorate with mint leaves.nVariation: The sorbet can also be served in tall glasses, which are then topped up with chilled Spanish sparkling wine Cava., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, Scant cup water, 1 cup red La Rioja, 1 orange, zest grated, 2 egg whites, Mint leaves, to decorate], title: Sorbete de la Rioja la Rioja Wine Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 42291: {instructions: Make the enchilada sauce: In a medium pot over medium heat, combine the oil, onion, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook until the onion is tender, about 6 minutes. Raise the heat to medium high and add the tomato paste stir with a wooden spoon and cook until it deepens in color, 3 minutes. Add the garlic, cumin and thyme. Cook, stirring, until combined and fragrant, about 1 minute, then add the crushed tomatoes and beef broth. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, for 20 minutes. Cover and keep warm over low heat.nCook the beef: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large straightsided pan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and green and red bell peppers. Sprinkle with a nice pinch of salt and cook until the onion and peppers are tender but not browned, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute more. In this order, add the beef, onion powder, cumin, thyme, Sazon, tomatoes and broth, allowing time between each addition to stir and blend. Cook for another 8 to 10 minutes, stirring to break down the beef into bits. When the beef is cooked through, taste and season with a pinch of salt and a grind or two of pepper. Sazon adds salt, so be careful not to overseason. Set aside.nPrepare the chicken layer: In a large bowl, toss together the shredded chicken, 12 cup of the enchilada sauce and the cheddar and pepper jack cheeses. Set aside.nAssemble and bake the casserole: Use the butter to coat the bottom and sides of a deep 13by9inch baking dish. In a small bowl, toss the shredded cheeses together. Pour 1 cup of enchilada sauce into the prepared dish. One at a time, dunk the tortilla slices in the stillwarm enchilada sauce in the pot and layer them on the bottom of the dish using the straight edges to line the sides, overlapping where needed and covering the entire bottom of the dish. Next, add 12 cup of the shredded cheese blend, all of the beef, another 12 cup of the shredded cheese blend, a new layer of tortillas dunked in the enchilada sauce, all of the chicken and a final layer of tortillas dunked in the enchilada sauce. Pour the rest of the sauce over all of the layers and top with the remaining shredded cheese blend. Bake until the cheese is melted and the sauce bubbles, about 30 minutes. Let it rest a bit before you slice it, just like lasagna.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [For the enchilada sauce:, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped Vidalia or other sweet onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp or finely minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 34 cup beef broth, For the beef layer:, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped green bell pepper, 12 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, Kosher salt, 3 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp or finely minced, 1 pound 85 percent lean ground beef, 12 to 1 teaspoon onion powder, 12 to 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 packet about 14 teaspoon Sazon seasoning, 2 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 14 cup beef broth, Freshly ground black pepper, For the chicken layer:, 1 rotisserie chicken, skin and bones discarded, meat shredded, 12 cup shredded cheddar cheese, 12 cup shredded pepper jack cheese, For the casserole:, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups shredded cheddar cheese, 1 12 cups shredded pepper jack cheese, 20 to 24 sixinch corn tortillas, cut in half], title: Una De Cada Enchilada Casserole, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 42292: {instructions: Pour boiling water into a large glass measuring cup. Stir in the oats. Place the chocolate morsels over the top of the oatmeal  do not stir, Let stand for 20 minutes until the oats are soft and the chocolate is melted.nIn a large bowl, cream the butter and gradually beat in the sugars. Beat in eggs one at a time. Add the oats and melted chocolate, mixing well. Add the flour, salt and baking soda. Mix thoroughly.nTransfer the batter to a greased and floured baking pan 13 by 9 by 2inches. Bake in a 350 degree oven for 40 minutes, or until the cake starts to leave the sides of the pan and springs back at the touch of a finger. Cool 10 minutes in pan, shake loose, and turn out on rack to cool completely. Frost and decorate if desired.nIn a custard cup, dissolve the instant coffee in the milk or cream. In a bowl, cream butter until light, add vanilla, salt and gradually blend in sifted confectioners sugar with the coffeemilk mixture. Use enough sugar for a good spreading consistency.nYield: frosting for the top of a 13 by 9inch cake, ingredients: [1 cup quick or oldfashioned oats, 1 12 cups boiling water, 1 6ounce bag semisweet chocolate morsels, 12 cup butter, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup packed brown sugar, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups unsifted flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon freezedried instant coffee granules, 2 tablespoons cream or milk, 14 cup butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 cups or more sifted confectioners sugar], title: Groundhog Cake, picturelink: null}, 42293: {instructions: In a saute pan, add the onions and vegetable oil over mediumlow heat. Cook the onions until lightly caramelized, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. In a large bowl, combine the caramelized onions, garlic, thyme, bread crumbs, crabmeat, Creole seasoning, parsley, egg yolks, and olive and mix to combine, being careful not to break up the crabmeat too much. Form a large, round cake. Preheat a saute pan over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil and heat. Place the cake in the pan and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 4 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and serve with Curry Cream Sauce.nIn a small pot over medium heat, bring the cream to a simmer. Simmer for 7 minutes, to reduce slightly. Add the curry powder, salt, and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. To add a kick: add a shot of your favorite sherry. Yield: 1 serving, ingredients: [2 onions, diced, Vegetable oil, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon whole dried thyme, 14 cup bread crumbs, 1 pound lump crabmeat, fresh, 1 teaspoon Creole seasoning, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Curry cream sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon curry powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 42294: {instructions: In a chili pot, combine onion, green chile, garlic, tomato sauce, tomato paste, chicken broth, 6 tablespoons California chili powder, salt, 1 teaspoon adobo seasoning blend, and hot pepper sauce. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook for 1 hour. After chili has simmered for 1 hour, add the remaining 2 tablespoons California chili powder.nIn a large skillet, brown beef and sausage together over mediumhigh heat. Add beef and sausage to chili and simmer for 30 minutes, adding more chicken broth as needed. Add the mild New Mexico chili powder and 2 tablespoons cumin and simmer another 45 minutes. Add the remaining 12 teaspoon adobo seasoning blend, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 tablespoon hot New Mexico chili powder, and the lime juice. Cook for another 30 minutes, adding more chicken broth as needed. Season with additional salt, to taste., ingredients: [1 cup chopped onion, 1 canned green hatch chile, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 cup tomato sauce recommended: El Pato brand, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, Two 14ounce cans chicken broth, divided, 8 tablespoons California chili powder, divided recommended: Sespe Creek Chili Potters, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons adobo seasoning blend, divided recommended: Accent, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 2 12 pounds beef tri tip, cubed, 4 ounces pork sausage, 2 tablespoons mild New Mexico chili powder recommended: Sespe Creek Chili Potters, 3 tablespoons cumin, divided, 1 tablespoon hot New Mexico chili powder recommended: Sespe Creek Chili Potters, 2 teaspoons lime juice], title: Bronco Bobs Chili, picturelink: null}, 42295: {instructions: For the blue cheese sauce: Stir together the yogurt, blue cheese, cilantro, onions and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving to allow the flavors to meld.nFor the hot wings: Heat 2 to 3 inches of oil in a large, highsided pan until it reaches 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nSprinkle the wings with salt and pepper. Stir together the chile powders, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and some pepper in a shallow bowl. Dust the wings with the seasoning mixture and toss in a bowl to evenly coat. Add the wings to the oil in batches and cook until golden brown and cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes.nFor the glaze: In a large bowl, combine the vinegar, chipotle in adobo, honey and Dijon mustard. To a small saute pan, add the butter and melt. Add the melted butter to the bowl with the vinegarhoney mixture and stir to combine.nToss the freshly fried wings with the glaze in the bowl. Garnish with cilantro. Serve with the blue cheese sauce., ingredients: [1 cup Greek yogurt, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, such as Cabrales, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons finely grated red onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, 1 dozen chicken wings split at the joint, wing tips removedand discarded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon New Mexico chile powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 to 2 tablespoons pureed chipotle chile in adobo, 1 to 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 stick unsalted butter, quartered, Finely chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Red Chile Chicken Wings with Chipotle Honey Glaze, picturelink: w.K1O2UeKyOxYtYlaQZIrjOcmiQ9Qxu}, 42296: {instructions: Combine all seeds in a skillet over medium heat. Toast, shaking pan, until aromatic, about 4 minutes.nUsing a spice grinder, coarsely grind seeds in 3 batches. Transfer to a small jar. Add sugar, salt, and pepper. Shake well to combine. The spice blend may be stored in an airtight container, at room temperature for up to 6 months., ingredients: [3 tablespoons whole coriander seeds, 3 tablespoons cumin seeds, 3 tablespoons dill seeds, 3 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds, 6 tablespoons whole fennel seeds, 6 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons fresh ground black pepper], title: Spice Blend Good Thing, picturelink: null}, 42297: {instructions: Drain salted cod. Boil fish in 3 cups of the water and the milk until tender, about 20 to 30 minutes. Remove cooked fish from liquid, shred and set aside to cool. Make a batter with the flour, baking powder and remaining water. Add cod, onions, peppers, garlic and cilantro. Deep fry spoonfuls of the batter in oil heated to 350 degrees until golden., ingredients: [12 pound salted cod, soaked overnight in 3 cups of milk, 4 12 cups water, 3 cups milk, 1 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 small onion, 12inch dice, 1 small sweet red pepper, 12inch dice, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 bunch cilantro, chopped, Oil, for frying], title: Bacalaitos Codfish Fritters, picturelink: null}, 42298: {instructions: Put about 1inch of water in a saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Beat the egg yolks, sugar, rum, and orange juice in a heatproof bowl that can rest in the saucepan without touching the water we like stainless steel ones until foamy and light, about 30 seconds. Set the bowl over the water and whip with an electric mixer or whisk, moving in a circular motion around the bowl, until the eggs thicken, about 2 minutes.nRemove the bowl from the heat and, with the mixers, beat in the pumpkin, spice, and salt. Continue beating until the mixture is cooled. Stir in about 12 the ginger.nIn another bowl, whip the cream until it forms stiff peaks. Fold the whipped cream into the pumpkin mixture. Divide the mousse among 8 bowls or wine glasses, scatter the remaining ginger over the top of each, and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Chill mousses for at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours.nPlease note: If you are restricting sugar in your diet, you can substitute 13 cup sugar substitute for the 13 cup sugar. The nutrient value per serving will then be 281 calories, 25 g fat 15 g saturated, 4 g protein, 10 g carbohydrate, 2 g fiber., ingredients: [4 large egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 12 cup orange juice, 15ounce can solidpack pumpkin, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, Pinch fine salt, 12 cup chopped crystallized ginger, 2 cups heavy cream], title: GingerPumpkin Mousse, picturelink: null}, 42299: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausages and cook, turning occasionally, until browned all over, 6 to 8 minutes. Add a splash of water, cover, and cook until the sausages are just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a plate to cool. Once cooled, slice into 2inch pieces and reserve.nReduce the heat under the skillet to medium and add the butter and caraway seeds, stirring until the butter is melted. Add the fennel and apple cook, stirring, until slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Add the sauerkraut and sausage pieces and cook, stirring, until the sauerkraut is hot, about 3 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with fennel fronds., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 pounds hot or mild or a combination Italian turkey sausages about 6 sausages, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon caraway seeds, 1 large bulb fennel, trimmed, quartered and thinly sliced, plus 1 tablespoon fronds for garnish, 1 Gala apple, cored and thinly sliced, 1 pound sauerkraut, drained well, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Sausage with Fennel Sauerkraut, picturelink: LnfwksyMREcwwJuqu1cHzHkOi8Fu.e}}