{42600: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook farro in a large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 15 minutes. Drain well and place in a large bowl.nHeat grill to high. While the farro is cooking, brush the eggplants and onion slices with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side or until just cooked through. Remove from the grill and cut into 1inch dice. Add the eggplant and onions to the farro along with the tomatoes and dill. Pour Sherry Vinegar over the farro mixture and stir to combine. Garnish with additional dill. Best served at room temperature.nWhisk together the shallot, vinegar, mustard, salt, pepper, and dill in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified., ingredients: [1 12 cups farro, 3 Japanese baby eggplants, halved, 1 small red onion, peeled, halved, and thickly sliced, Olive oil, for brushing, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pint grape tomatoes, washed and sliced in 12, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, plus more for garnish, Sherry Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 14 cup sherry vinegar or balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 12 cup olive oil], title: Farro Salad with Grilled Eggplant, Tomatoes and Onion, picturelink: zwlJbQVogWII5RK4qJ0K7SmalGJtPy}, 42601: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large nonstick pan over moderate heat. In a bowl, combine the eggs and a pinch of salt and beat well. When the pan is hot, pour in half the beaten eggs and quickly swirl to cover the bottom of the pan. Cook until firm, about 1 minute. Flip the egg crepe and cook another minute. Transfer the crepe to a plate. Repeat with the remaining egg batter. When the crepes are cool enough to handle, cut into thin strips and set aside.nHeat the remaining 3 tablespoons of oil in a large pan over high heat. Add the shallot and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the soy sauce, jicama, carrot, water and the remaining salt. Cook, uncovered, until the vegetables are soft, about 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer the vegetables to a dish.nCombine the hoisin sauce and chili paste in a small bowl and set aside. Set up a workstation by placing the ingredients in the order in which they will be needed: rice papers, egg strips, lettuce, jicama mixture, tofu, hoisin mixture, basil, peanuts.nFill a large bowl with hot water. Cover a cutting board with a damp towel and place it next to the bowl. Working with 2 rice paper rounds at a time, dip one, edge first, into the hot water and turn to wet it completely, about 10 seconds. Lay the round down on the towel. Repeat with the other round and place it next to the first. This allows you to work with one while the second rests.nNeatly place on the bottom third of the first round a few strips of egg crepe, 1 piece of lettuce, 2 tablespoons jicama mixture no juice, 2 pieces of tofu, 12 teaspoon hoisin sauce mix, 2 or 3 basil leaves and a sprinkling of peanuts. Make sure the filling is neatly stacked. Fold the bottom edge over the filling, tuck in the sides, and roll into a cylinder. A perfect bo bia is about 1 inch wide and 4 inches long. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Serve the rolls whole or cut in half., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 jicama, peeled and cut into matchstick strips about 2 cups, 1 carrot, peeled and cut into matchstick strips about 1 cup, 12 cup water, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon ground chili paste or to taste, 1 head greenleaf lettuce, washed, drained, and cut into 1inchby3inch pieces, 1 6ounce piece tofu, pan seared and cut into thin strips, 23 cup Asian basil leaves, 13 cup chopped roasted peanuts, 24 6 or 8inch dried rice paper rounds, plus extras], title: Salad Rolls with Jicama, Peanuts and Basil Bo Bia Chay, picturelink: null}, 42602: {instructions: Put the flour in the bowl of an electric mixer. On slow, mix in the butter until it looks like very coarse meal. Mix in the sour cream until it masses together to form a dough. Pat into a rectangle, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 1 hour or overnight.nFilling:nCoarsely chop the prunes. In a small saucepan, cover the prunes with the prune juice and sugar. Bring to a simmer for 3 minutes. Place in a food processor with the vanilla and puree to a paste. Mix in the raisins, cherries and walnuts. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough out into a square 16 by16 inches. Place the filling in a log running along the bottom and roll up. Pinch the ends closed. Place on a parchment lined cookie sheet, seam side down. Mix the egg and water together to form a wash and paint the strudel. Bake for 30 minutes until crisp and golden. Let cool on a rack, then slice into 1 inch pieces.nThis was my Grandma Bessies baking specialty. I havent had this since she died but my brothers and I talk of it often, trying to reconstruct what was in it. I rediscovered it at the Golden Key in Brighton Beach. Can be made on a rainy day with items in the pantry, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter cut into pea sized bits, 12 cup sour cream, 1 cup pitted prunes half of a 12ounce box, 12 cup prune juice, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup golden raisins, 12 cup dried cherries, 1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts or pecans, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons water], title: Russian Style MixedDried Fruit Strudel, picturelink: null}, 42603: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nIn a large bowl, combine the anchovy paste with extravirgin olive oil. Add the olives, onions, celery, tuna, lemon juice and pepper, to taste, and toss to combine. Lightly butter each side of the rolls, and toast on each side under the broiler. Fill the rolls with the tuna salad and top with cheese. Arrange on a sheet pan and broil until the cheese melts. Transfer to serving plates and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup pitted chopped black olives, oil cured or kalamata, 12 small red onion, minced, 2 ribs celery, minced, 12 ounces canned or jarred tuna, drained and flaked, 1 lemon, juiced, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons softened butter, 4 topsplit New England hot dog rolls, 8 ounces fontina cheese, thinly sliced or shredded], title: ItalianAmerican Style Tuna Melts, picturelink: null}, 42604: {instructions: Blend the dry ingredients in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the butter and mix on low speed until sandy. Add the eggs and mix to combine. Form the dough into a disk, wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 3 days. When ready to bake, grease a cookie sheet or line it with parchment paper or a nonstick baking mat. Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough to 18inch thickness. Use a cookie cutter to cut out small rounds of dough, 1 to 1 12 inches. Transfer to the prepared pan and bake until light golden brown, about 10 minutes. Let cool to room temperature.nPipe a kiss of marshmallow onto each cookie. Let set at room temperature for 2 hours.nLine a cookie sheet with parchment or a nonstick baking mat. One at a time, gently drop the marshmallowtopped cookies into the hot chocolate. Lift out with a fork and let excess chocolate drip back into the bowl. Place on the prepared pan and let set at room temperature until the coating is firm, about 1 to 2 hours.nHomemade Marshmallows: Combine the water, corn syrup, and sugar in a saucepan, bring to a boil until softball stage, or 235 degrees on a candy thermometer. Meanwhile, sprinkle the gelatin over the cold water and let dissolve. Remove the syrup from the heat, add the gelatin, and mix. Whip the whites until soft peaks form and pour the syrup into the whites. Add the vanilla and continue whipping until stiff. Transfer to a pastry bag.nChocolate Glaze: Melt the 2 ingredients together in the top of a double boiler or a bowl set over barely simmering water., ingredients: [3 cups flour, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 38 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 tablespoons butter, 3 eggs, whisked together, Homemade marshmallows, recipe follows, Chocolate glaze, recipe follows, 14 cup water, 14 cup light corn syrup, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon powdered gelatin, 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 egg whites, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 ounces cocoa butter or vegetable oil], title: Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Cookies, picturelink: LXb7AE4qAW1MCwQAd1F.7f.bHVdTCLu}, 42605: {instructions: Add all ingredients to blender and blend on high until smooth. Pour into rocks glasses and serve with straw., ingredients: [1 shot vodka recommended: Blue Ice, 1 shot blue fruit and cognac liqueur recommended: Envy, 12 shot orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 1 cup ice cubes], title: Frosty Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 42606: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 9inch round cake pans with parchment and lightly coat with cooking spray.nSpread the pecans on a rimmed baking sheet and toast until light brown and fragrant, 7 minutes. Set aside 12 pecan halves to decorate the finished cake chop the remaining pecans. Set aside 1 cup of the chopped pecans to use in the batter reserve the rest for decorating the finished cake.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl.nWhisk together the eggs and granulated sugar in a large bowl until smooth, about 1 minute. Whisk in the oil until well combined. Add the grated carrots, vanilla and 1 cup chopped pecans, and mix well. Add the dry ingredients, and stir until just combined. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans.nBake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean and the cakes are nicely browned, about 30 minutes. Let cool on a cooling rack for 10 minutes. Loosen the edges with a spatula, turn the cakes out and let cool completely, rightside up, on the cooling rack, about 2 hours. Remove the parchment before frosting.nFor the frosting: Beat the cream cheese and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, scraping down the side as necessary, until smooth, about 2 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar, vanilla and 12 teaspoon salt gradually increase the mixer speed to mediumhigh, and beat until the sugar is incorporated and the frosting is fluffy and smooth, about 3 minutes. With the mixer on mediumhigh, add the cream a few drops at time until its all incorporated. Continue beating for 1 more minute until the frosting is slightly lighter in color and creamy.nTo assemble: Place one of the cake layers on a serving plate, and spread 1 cup of the frosting over the top. Top with the other layer, and use the remaining frosting to frost the top and sides of the cake. Arrange the 12 whole pecans on top of the cake like the numbers on a clock face, and sprinkle the remaining chopped pecans in between., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 cups pecan halves, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt, 4 large eggs, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 3 cups finely grated carrots about 1 pound carrots, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 pound cream cheese, cut into cubes, at room temperature, 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into cubes, at room temperature, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 14 cup heavy cream, cold], title: Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: A1U.HNUO5wTZNZHcgVzbtgsIgtzUJx6}, 42607: {instructions: Special equipment: Have the local lumber company cut a piece of oak, pecan, or cedar 8 inches wide and 20 inches long. Be sure to measure your hearth height and width before cutting the plank.nHave the local lumber company cut a piece of oak, pecan, or cedar 8 inches wide and 20 inches long. Be sure to measure your hearth height and width before cutting the plank. Oil the plank thoroughly with olive oil, rubbing well into the pores of the wood.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nTo season the wood, place in preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove and allow to cool. Build a roaring fire in your fireplace using 4 to 5 pieces of firewood in order to achieve a large coal bed. Remember that you cook on reflective heat in a fireplace, not the fire itself, so coals are important. Once a coal bed has been established, keep 1 log burning on the back of the fireplace to sustain the coals.nCompletely scale the fish, leaving the head and tail intact. Remove the gills and rinse the inside cavity. Using a sharp paring knife, cut 3 slits on each side of the fish to the bone. These slits will be used for seasoning and to ensure proper cooking. Rub the fish with olive oil and season inside and out with salt, pepper, and hot sauce. Place chopped herbs in a small mixing bowl and blend thoroughly. Rub herb mixture in each of the 6 slits and on the outside of the fish. Fill the belly cavity with whole mixed herbs. Using heavy butchers twine, tie the fish to the board in a crisscross fashion and tie a knot underneath the board to secure it. The twine will guarantee that the fish stays in place and flat against the board during the baking process.nUsing a fireplace shovel, remove the hot coals from the right or left side of the fireplace approximately 1 foot from the edge. Place the fish headside up against the side of the fireplace. Be careful that the plank does not get near an open flame, as the board will ignite. Turn the fish every 30 minutes, first head up and then tail up. The fish will need to cook about 1 hour, depending on heat. Test the flesh for doneness with a kitchen fork. The underside of the fish will cook at the same rate since the plank is picking up the heat of the hearth. Remove from fireplace and serve on the plank for a unique presentation.nCooking Instructions for a Conventional Oven: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F.nCure the plank as described above and then follow seasoning instructions for fish. Place the fish lengthwise on the hot plank and place on a cookie sheet to catch any drippings that may run off during cooking. Bake on the center rack of the oven for approximately 20 minutes, or until fish is flaky. There is no need to turn the fish during the cooking process. Remove and serve on the plank for a unique presentation., ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound large mouth bass, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and cracked pepper, Louisiana hot sauce, 14 cup thyme leaves, chopped, 14 cup basil, chopped, 14 cup tarragon, chopped, 14 cup dill, chopped, 1 bunch whole mixed herbs], title: Open Hearth Grilled Fish, picturelink: null}, 42608: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nShuck the oysters and drain, saving the oyster liquor for the sauce and the top shells.nIn a noncorrosive saucepan, add the oyster liquor, 8 ounces of the heavy cream, the celery seed, bay leaves, parsley, lemon zest, and juice. Bring to a boil and let reduce by 18. Strain through a fine sieve and return the cream mixture to the saucepan. Add the finely diced celery and ham and bring to a boil. Add the black pepper and check for saltiness, as the ham will add a great deal of salt to the mixture. If it is too salty, hams will vary in saltiness add a little more cream. Keep warm.nDrain the celery root, and, in another saucepan, add the celery root. Cover with fresh, salted water and bring to a boil. Cook until tender and drain. In a food processor, add the celery root, butter, and remaining cream, and puree.nPreheat the broiler. Place a 12 teaspoon of the celery root puree into each of the oyster shells, top with an oyster, and spoon the celery ham cream over the oysters. Place the filled oysters on bed of sea salt on a sheet pan and broil in the oven for about 5 minutes or until browning and bubbly. Serve at once., ingredients: [36 Atlantic oysters, preferably Chinquoteague, or any medium large, fresh variety, 8 ounces heavy cream, plus 4 ounces, 12 teaspoon celery seed, 2 bay leaves, 12 bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and coarsely chopped, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 3 stalks celery, finely diced, 2 to 3 ounces Virginia ham, diced finely, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large celery root, peeled and diced and kept in acidulated water, 2 ounces unsalted butter, Sea Salt], title: Broiled Oysters with Celery Cream and Virginia Ham, picturelink: rww5uBSe5QlB.znI.OVaCQ2mts5hwO}, 42609: {instructions: Special equipment: waffle ironnWhisk together the buttermilk, hot sauce and 1 12 teaspoons salt in a large mixing bowl. Add the chicken and turn to coat evenly. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to overnight.nMeanwhile, make the maple butter. Combine the syrup and salted butter in a small mixing bowl. Stir until smooth and creamy. Cover with plastic wrap and keep at room temperature until ready to use.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nPreheat a 6 12inch round waffle iron to mediumhigh heat and spray with nonstick spray. Make the waffle batter according to the package directions, and then cook the waffles to desired doneness. Transfer to the oven to keep warm while frying the chicken.nFill a large Dutch oven halfway with canola oil and heat to 375 degrees F. While the oil is heating up, combine the flour, 1 pinch salt and 1 pinch pepper in a large resealable plastic bag. Seal the bag and shake to combine.nRemove the chicken from the buttermilk and transfer to the bag of seasoned flour, letting any excess marinade stay behind in the bowl. Seal the bag and shake until all of the chicken is evenly coated. Transfer the chicken back into the bowl of marinade, tossing gently to coat. Return the chicken to the seasoned flour, seal the bag and shake again to evenly coat. Transfer the chicken to a rack set over a baking sheet in a single layer and let sit for 15 minutes.nFry the chicken in batches until golden brown and cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes per batch. Make sure that the oil comes back to temperature after each batch. Transfer the chicken to a large papertowellined plate using a slotted spoon or tongs to absorb any excess oil. Season liberally with salt.nTo assemble, cut each waffle into quarters. Sandwich 1 piece of fried chicken between 2 waffle pieces slathered with the maple butter. Continue to assemble sandwiches with the remaining chicken, waffles and maple butter. Serve immediately with your favorite hot sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 cup buttermilk, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Kosher salt, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs about 4 thighs, cut into 2inch pieces, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 1 stick salted butter, softened, Nonstick canola oil spray, 2 cups your favorite allpurpose baking mix, such as Bisquick brand, Canola oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Waffle Chicken Sliders with Maple Butter, picturelink: null}, 42610: {instructions: Make cupcakes and set aside.nMake chocolate web and spider: On a sheet of parchment paper draw an 11inch circle with a pen or pencil and draw a spider web on it, extending some of ends beyond circle. Tear off a large corner of the paper and on it draw a spider. Turn drawings over onto a large baking sheet.nIn a metal bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water melt chocolate chips, stirring until smooth. Transfer chocolate to a pastry bag fitted with a 3 plain tip slightly smaller than 18 inch. Alternatively, form a makeshift pastry bag: Transfer chocolate to a small sealable plastic bag and seal bag, pressing out excess air. Squeeze chocolate to one corner of bag and snip off about 18 an inch from corner making a small hole.nPipe chocolate on web, beginning with spokes, and on spider. Freeze web and spider on baking sheet until very firm, at least 1, ingredients: [Use packaged brand, For chocolate web and spider, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Cupcakes with Chocolate Spider Web, picturelink: null}, 42611: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a medium saute pan, over mediumlow heat, cook the onions, olive oil, salt, pepper, and thyme until translucent, but not browned, approximately 15 minutes. Add the Worcestershire sauce, chicken stock, and tomato paste and mix well. Allow to cool to room temperature.nCombine the ground turkey, bread crumbs, eggs, and onion mixture in a large bowl. Mix well and shape into a rectangular loaf on an ungreased sheet pan. Spread the ketchup evenly on top. Bake for 1 12 hours until the internal temperature is 160 degrees F. and the meatloaf is cooked through. A pan of hot water in the oven under the meatloaf will keep the top from cracking. Serve hot, at room temperature, or cold in a sandwich., ingredients: [3 cups chopped yellow onions 2 large onions, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves 12 teaspoon dried, 13 cup Worcestershire sauce, 34 cup chicken stock, 1 12 teaspoons tomato paste, 5 pounds ground turkey breast, 1 12 cups plain dry bread crumbs, 3 extralarge eggs, beaten, 34 cup ketchup], title: Turkey Meatloaf, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 42612: {instructions: Preheat grill or grill pan over high heat. Brush steaks on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the steaks for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare doneness. Let steaks rest for 2 minutes and then slice thinly on the diagonal.nBeat the eggs in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat for 1 minute. Add the butter and let it melt completely, then turn the heat to low. Pour the eggs into the skillet. Cook over low heat, stirring with a wooden spoon until soft curds form.nPlace the scramble eggs in the middle of the plate. Place a heaping tablespoon the three relishes to one side of the eggs. Place the sliced steaks and 2 tortillas, folded in half, then in half again, on the other side of the eggs and sprinkle with chopped cilantro.nCombine all in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat a grill or grill pan over high heat. Brush onion slices with olive oil and grill on both sides for 3 to 4 minutes or until lightly charred and cooked through. Remove and chop finely.nGently combine remaining ingredients in a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [4 4 ounce aged sirloin steaks, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 eggs, 4 tablespoons butter, Three Pepper Relish, recipe follows, Grilled Onion Relish, recipe follows, Avocado Relish, recipe follows, 8 flour tortillas, grilled for 30 seconds on each side, Chopped cilantro, for garnish, 1 poblano pepper, roasted, peeled, seed removed, and sliced thinly, 1 red pepper, roasted, peeled, seeds removed, and sliced thinly, 1 yellow pepper, roasted, peeled, seeds removed, and sliced thinly, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 red onion, peeled and sliced 12 inch thick, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 Haas avocados, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped red onion, 1 small jalapeno, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Egg and Aged Sirloin Tortilla with Three Pepper Relish, Grilled Onion Relish, and Avocado Relish, picturelink: null}, 42613: {instructions: Soak chickpeas in water with a pinch of baking soda overnight, 10 to 12 hours. Drain and rinse well.nIn a large heavy pot, combine chickpeas with 7 cups of water. Bring to a boil then lower heat to medium, cover, and simmer until just tender, 30 to 35 minutes. Drain and reserve 4 cups of the cooking water.nTo make the sofrito, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the cubed ham and saute until lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the onions, peppers and garlic and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, wine, paprika and bay leaf to the sofrito, roughly crushing the tomatoes. Return to a simmer and cook an additional 5 minutes.nReturn chickpeas to large pot with 4 cups of the reserved cooking water. Add the sofrito mixture to the chickpeas and bring to a simmer. Add the malanga and calabaza, and cook covered until the vegetables are tender, 35 to 45 minutes. Serve on its own with bread or over rice., ingredients: [1 pound dried chickpeas, Pinch baking soda, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound cooking ham, cubed, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 1 large green bell pepper, diced, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and diced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 cup whole peeled, canned tomatoes in their juice, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon smoked Spanish paprika labeled pimenton, 1 dried bay leaf, 1 pound malanga, peeled and quartered, 12 pound calabaza West Indian pumpkin, peeled and cubed], title: Garbanzo Stew with Malanga and Calabaza, picturelink: XdVd.P.2eN4mK57c6P0dCgcJhUBKGS}, 42614: {instructions: Mix the lemon juice and sugar in a bowl large enough to hold the fruit.nWash the grapes, and pat them dry with paper towels. Add the grapes and the raisins to the mixture in the bowl. Mix well, and serve immediately, or refrigerate for up to 4 hours.nServe cold in wine glasses., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lemon juice, 13 cup sugar, 2 12 cups white seedless grapes, 1 cup dark raisins], title: Grapes and Raisins in Citrus Juice, picturelink: null}, 42615: {instructions: For the Gravy:n2 to 3 cups lowsodium chicken brothn4 tablespoons unsalted butterncup allpurpose flournKosher salt and freshly ground peppernBrine the turkey:nRinse the turkey parts and place in doubled 212gallon resealable plastic bags or a large stockpot. Add 14 cup salt, the honey, garlic, bay leaves, thyme, 2 sprigs sage, the peppercorns, allspice and celery leaves. Add enough cold water to cover the turkey about 3 quarts. Press out the air, close the bags and place in a large bowl or other container to protect against any leaks. Refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight. Roast the turkey: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 425.nRemove the turkey parts from the brine and pat dry with paper towels. Place skinside up on racks set in 2 medium roasting pans be sure to leave space between the turkey parts to allow air to circulate. Pour 1 cup water into each pan. Drizzle the turkey parts with melted butter and scatter with the leaves from the remaining 2 sage sprigs. Place 1 pan on each oven rack and roast until the turkey begins to brown, about 30 minutes.nLower the oven temperature to 400. Switch the positions of the pans and rotate from front to back. Continue roasting until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast avoiding bone registers 165degrees, 1 hour to 1 hour, 15 minutes. Transfer the turkey parts to a platter and tent with foil.nMake the gravy: Pour the pan juices into a 4cup glass measuring cup and let rest until the fat rises to the top, 2 to 3 minutes. Skim off and reserve the fat. Set 1 roasting pan across 2 burners, add 2 cups chicken broth and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, scraping up any browned bits. Add the simmering broth to the pan juices in the measuring cup, then add the additional chicken broth, if needed, to equal 4 cups liquid.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. Whisk in the flour and cook, whisking constantly, until smooth, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in the broth mixture and any collected juices from the platter. Increase the heat to medium high and boil, uncovered, until thickened, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nCarve the turkey pieces and garnish with sage. Serve with the gravy., ingredients: [1 whole bonein turkey breast 6 12 to 7 pounds, 3 turkey drumsticks about 2 14 pounds total, 2 turkey thighs about 1 12 pounds total, Kosher salt, 14 cup honey, 1 head garlic, cut in half do not peel, 2 bay leaves, 4 sprigs thyme, 4 large sprigs sage, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons whole allspice, 14 cup fresh celery leaves from 1 bunch, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Ted Allens Deconstructed Holiday Turkey With Sage Gravy, picturelink: 0RorDadT4j.P.DA8t6qWiprcDJUOW}, 42616: {instructions: Special equipment: DeepfryernTo prepare the rolls, open the buns and spread the butter evenly on interior of the buns. Toast the buns on a flat pan or saute pan until golden brown. For the fish, preheat the fryer to 350 degrees F with grapeseed oil.nNext pat dry the portioned fish on all sides with paper towels. Then sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper evenly. Next dip the fish in the flour and tap off the excess flour. Then dip the fish into the egg wash. Finish the fish in the panko, ensuring to coat evenly. Repeat the process for the remaining fish portions, then carefully drop the coated fish in the fryer. Cook until golden brown on both sides, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from the fryer and place on paper towels to remove excess oil.nSeason the tomatoes with salt and pepper and heat in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, 1 minute per side. To build the sandwich, stack the bun with the remoulade, grilled tomatoes and caramelized onions. Finish with a portion of fish and finally top with the top half of the bun. Repeat for the remaining sandwiches., ingredients: [Six 4.5inch brioche buns, 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, Grapeseed oil, for frying, 3 pounds firm white fish, cut in 5 to 6 portions, Salt and pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 4 cups egg wash equal parts whole eggs and milk, mixed well, 2 cups panko, 12 sliced Roma tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, 14 cup remoulade, 1 cup caramelized onions], title: Fish Sandwich with Caramelized Onions, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 42617: {instructions: Salsa: Put the mango into a mixing bowl. Add the chopped cilantro, red onion, scallions, roasted pepper, salt and pepper, to taste. Mix to combine. Set aside.nPreheat the grill to medium.nDust the chicken in the blackening spice and grill over medium heat until cooked through. The chicken should cook in 10 to 15 minutes depending on how hot the coals are. Remove the chicken to a cutting board and let rest for a few minutes. Thinly slice the chicken and cover to keep warm.nHeat about 12inch of canola oil in a heavybottomed skillet to 365 degrees F. Fry the tortillas until crispy, then set aside on paper towels.nMix the sour cream and chipotle together in a small bowl. Set aside.nToss the greens in with a scant amount of lemon juice, the sugar, white balsamic and oil.nTo assemble: Put the tortillas on a flat serving platter and drizzle with the sour cream mixture. Top with greens, sliced chicken and salsa. Garnish with queso fresco, and serve., ingredients: [2 cups peeled and diced fresh mango, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, 1 small red onion, diced, 2 scallions, diced, 1 roasted bell pepper, peeled, seeded and diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 whole boneless chicken breasts, 4 ounces blackening spice, 6 mini corn tortillas, Canola oil, for frying, 3 ounces sour cream, 2 ounces chipotle in adobo, Enough greens, to cover the tortillas, Scant teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 3 ounces queso fresco, crumbled], title: Lambeau Leap Tostadas, picturelink: k6ww9nX4dDcUK1m.o1UMAUAnKgoB6u}, 42618: {instructions: Add about 1inch water to a medium saucepot over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Add the polenta to the chicken stock and stir to combine.nPlace into a bowl and place over the simmering water to act as a double boiler. Once it starts to get soft, after about 5 minutes, add the mascarpone, 2 large tablespoons Parmesan cheese and 2 large tablespoons butter. Stir to combine and allow to slowly cook for about 40 to 50 minutes, stirring occasionally. If the polenta starts to become too hard, add more liquid, chicken stock or water, as needed.nPlace a saute pan over medium heat and add 1 large tablespoon butter. Add the chanterelles and evenly space them in the pan to not overcrowd. Season the mushrooms with salt, to taste. Add the shallots, garlic and 6 to 8 sprigs thyme and allow the mushrooms to caramelize.nPlace another medium saute pan over medium heat and add 1 heaping tablespoon unsalted butter and melt, not letting the butter foam or burn. Gently add the egg to the melted butter, season with salt and slowly cook, about 2 minutes. Repeat with second egg.nPlace a spoonful of polenta in the middle of each dish. Top with an egg, surround with caramelized mushrooms, parsley leaves, shaved Parmesan, and shaved truffle, to taste. Season with sea salt, freshly ground black pepper and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil.nRinse the chicken parts thoroughly. In a 10quart stockpot, combine the onion, carrot, garlic, thyme, salt, bay leaf, peppercorns, and 1 gallon cold water. Bring the liquid to a boil over high heat, skimming any foam and impurities that rise to the surface. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 5 hours, skimming the surface as necessary. Strain through a finemesh strainer, discarding the solids., ingredients: [4 cups 1 quart Chicken Stock, heated, recipe follows, 2 cups polenta recommended: Anson Mills, 2 large tablespoons mascarpone cheese, 2 large tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus peeled ribbons, for garnish, Unsalted butter, as needed, About 1 cup chanterelles, brushed, trimmed and quartered or at least cut to the same size, Salt, 12 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, 12 bunch fresh thyme, 2 eggs, cracked into individual ramekins, Freshly picked flatleaf parsley, for garnish, Shaved truffle, for garnish, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, to drizzle, 2 pounds chicken backs and necks, 2 pounds chicken feet or additional backs and necks, 1 onion, quartered, 1 carrot, thinly sliced, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 1 gallon water], title: OverEasy Chicken Egg with Soft Polenta, Shaved Truffles and Parm, picturelink: null}, 42619: {instructions: Make the cream cheese spread: Mix the cream cheese, chives and 14 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Preheat the broiler. Partially split each sausage lengthwise, cutting about threequarters of the way through, then open the sausages so they lie flat. Heat the olive oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sear the sausages until golden, about 3 minutes per side. Set the sausages aside and wipe out the skillet. Whisk the eggs, halfandhalf and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a bowl. Melt the butter in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the egg mixture and stir with a rubber spatula until just set on the bottom, about 1 minute. Reduce the heat to medium low, add the Swiss cheese and stir until the eggs are cooked.nSandwich build: Split the baguette in half lengthwise and toast lightly under the broiler. Schmear the cream cheese spread on the baguette top. Lay the sausages on the baguette bottom. Top with the scrambled eggs and the baguette top. Cut into individual sandwiches and serve with hot sauce.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [12 8ounce tub whipped cream cheese, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, Kosher salt, 4 links fully cooked chickenapple sausage, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 8 large eggs, 13 cup halfandhalf, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup shredded aged Swiss cheese about 3 ounces, 1 24inch baguette, Hot sauce, for serving optional], title: Breakfast Bomber Sub, picturelink: 9cF78KEAn5kIZklqI4O0tpyTBWFn.o2}, 42620: {instructions: Cut the chicken into serving pieces. The breast pieces should be cut in half. Place the chicken in a bowl and cover with the buttermilk overnight.nIn a mediumsize bowl, combine the flour, paprika, cumin, cayenne, salt, and pepper.nHeat enough oil to a depth of about 34inch in a large heavy skillet. When the oil is medium hot dip the chicken pieces in the flour mixture and fry, without crowding the chicken. If necessary, use 2 skillets or fry in batches.nReduce the heat to medium and fry until the coating becomes a deep golden brown, turning the chicken as needed. The white meat should be done in 20 to 25 minutes, dark meat in about 35 minutes. Juices should run clear when the chicken is pricked with a fork. Squeeze lime juice over the chicken 10 minutes before it is done. Drain chicken on paper towels., ingredients: [12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Shortening or vegetable oil for frying, 23 limes, 2 chickens, 2 123 pounds each, 2 cups buttermilk, 1 12 cups flour, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon sea salt], title: Fried Chili Chicken, picturelink: null}, 42621: {instructions: For the marinade: Place all dressing ingredients in blender and puree until smooth. Divide in half.nFor the steak: Marinate the steak covered and refrigerated overnight in half of the marinadedressing. Remove steak and discard the marinade. Season with salt and pepper. Grill to medium rare and let rest 15 minutes. When slightly cooled, thinly slice across the grain.nFor the papaya salad: In a mixing bowl, toss the sliced steak, green papaya, onion, red pepper, and remaining dressing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve on a platter or over mixed greens., ingredients: [2 ounces salad oil, 2 tablespoons lemongrass, minced lower part of inner stem, 1 12 teaspoons fresh grated ginger, 1 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh squeezed lime juice, 2 teaspoons patis fish sauce, 4 tablespoons sweet chili sauce, 1 Hawaiian or Thai chile pepper, finely minced, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sambal chili paste, 8 ounces flank steak, 1 green papaya, skinned, seeded and julienned, 1 Maui onion, julienned, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and julienned, Hawaiian sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Mixed greens, for garnish, 10 to 15 fresh mint leaves, 18 cup fresh cilantro leaves], title: KiaweGrilled Flank Steak and Spicy Green Papaya Salad, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 42622: {instructions: Heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent and beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and continue to cook for another 1 minute. Transfer the onion mixture to a medium bowl and allow to cool. Heat remaining 2 teaspoons of oil in the skillet and saute the mushrooms until they release all of their water, about 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from heat and cool completely. Spray an oval baking dish with cooking spray. Arrange the bread cubes in the dish. In a large bowl, beat the eggs, egg whites, milk and mustard until incorporated. Add mushrooms, oniongarlic mixture, broccoli, Parmesan and mozzarella cheeses, sundried tomatoes, thyme, and salt and pepper and stir to incorporate. Pour mixture over bread, making sure liquid saturates bread. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight, or at least 8 hours. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the plastic wrap from strata and bake for 55 to 60 minutes, or until top forms a light brown crust., ingredients: [4 teaspoons olive oil, 1 large onion, diced about 2 cups, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 3 cups 8 ounces sliced mushrooms, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 whole wheat baguette, crusts removed, cubed about 5 cups, 8 eggs and 8 egg whites, 2 cups lowfat milk, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 10 ounces broccoli, steamed, cooled and chopped or frozen, thawed, 1ounce 13 cup grated Parmesan, 4ounce 1 cup partskim mozzarella cheese, 12 cup thinly sliced sundried tomatoes, reconstituted, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper], title: Broccoli, Mushroom, and Cheese Breakfast Strata, picturelink: YkWnN6Ybxm7kwuS1d8HCgTZ7fH5EMi}, 42623: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil, onion slices, garlic, 14 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are softened, about 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until golden, about 10 minutes more.nUsing a blender, puree together 14 cup of the caramelized onions, sour cream, soy sauce and, if necessary, 1 tablespoon water for a dip consistency. Transfer to a bowl. Stir in 14 cup of the caramelized onions and season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, arrange the mushroom caps on the lined baking sheet, stemsides down, and bake, 10 minutes. Flip the mushroom caps over, draining any liquid, and mound the dip into each one. Sprinkle evenly with the cereal crumbs and bake until the mushrooms are tender and the tops are golden, about 20 minutes. Top with the remaining caramelized onions and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large red onion, cut into thin rounds, then quartered about 2 cups, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup reducedfat sour cream or nonfat yogurt, 12 teaspoon glutenfree reducedsodium soy sauce, 10 large white mushrooms about 1 pound total, stems removed, 12 cup crushed unsweetened rice cereal], title: French Onion DipStuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: ubVmMxk7c57uzV7UgP44osSM88Xwle}, 42624: {instructions: Special equipment: Butchers twine, meat thermometer, metal skewersnHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the broccoli, garlic and 14 teaspoon salt, and cook, stirring, until the broccoli begins to brown in spots, 3 to 4 minutes. Add 1 cup water, and continue to cook until the water evaporates and the broccoli is tender, 3 to 4 minutes more. Transfer to a bowl, stir in the Cheddar and reserve.nButterfly the tenderloins by making a 1inchdeep incision down the length of each without cutting all the way through. Open the tenderloins like books so they lie flat, cover with plastic wrap and pound with the flat side of a meat mallet until theyre about 14 inch thick. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spread the broccoli mixture over the 2 tenderloins, leaving a 1inch border around all the sides except the long one closest to you. Tightly roll up each tenderloin, tucking the narrow ends inside as you roll. Tie each roulade with butchers twine tightly without piercing the meat on each end and at 2inch intervals in between. Brush with oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nPrepare an outdoor grill for mediumhigh heat, leaving 1 burner off for indirect heat to finish the roulades. Oil the grill grates. Grill the roulades over direct heat, turning, until the outside is well marked, about 12 minutes. Move them to indirect heat, cover and cook until a thermometer inserted in the center of each roulade registers 145 degrees F, about 15 minutes more. Transfer them to a cutting board to rest 10 minutes.nWhile the roulades are cooking, make the relish: Lay an onion slice on a cutting board. Place the palm of 1 hand on top of the slice, and with the other hand push a metal skewer through the slice crosswise until it comes out the other side. Repeat with the other slices, leaving an inch of skewer uncovered on each end and using as many skewers as necessary. Thread the tomatoes on the skewers. Brush the onions and tomatoes with oil. Grill, turning, until the tomatoes are charred and bursting and the onion slices are tender with brown edges, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove the tomatoes and onions from the skewers, and chop. Mix with the parsley, vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl.nCut the strings off the roulades with scissors, and slice the roulades on the bias. Serve with the relish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 12 cups broccoli florets, cut into 1inch chunks about 7 ounces, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, Kosher salt, One 7.5ounce bag Sargento Chef Blends Shredded 4 State Cheddar about 2 cups, 2 pork tenderloins, trimmed 2 to 2 12 pounds total, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium red onion, sliced into 12inchthick rounds, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar], title: CheeseandBroccoliStuffed Pork Roulade with Grilled Tomato Relish, picturelink: p3zrQAWHBeMME9BdeaOoeEMyoA4UOy}, 42625: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, melt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a nonreactive saucepan. When bubbly whisk in flour and cook for a couple of minutes, stirring every now and then. Slowly whisk in the milk and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, whisking on occasion for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove pan from heat and whisk in grated cheese. Stir vigorously just until cheese has melted. Then whisk in heavy cream to adjust the texture and season to taste with salt and cayenne pepper. In a mixing bowl combine sauce with sun dried tomatoes and drained macaroni and adjust seasoning. Transfer mixture to a 13 x 9inch baking pan and spread it out evenly. Sprinkle bread crumbs on top and dot with remaining 4 tablespoons of butter. Bake until hot and bubbly, about 30 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons all purpose flour, 2 cups milk, 8 ounces sharp white cheddar cheese, grated, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and cayenne pepper, 14 cup slivered reconstitituted sundried tomatoes, 34 pound penne, cook to the al dente stage, drained and cooled, 13 cup fresh bread crumbs], title: Super Deluxe Old Fashioned Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 42626: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the mustard and the sugar. Slowly add in the remaining ingredients for the dressing, continuing to whisk. Add in the broccoli slaw and mix thoroughly., ingredients: [13 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 packages broccoli slaw], title: Cats Broccoli Slaw, picturelink: null}, 42627: {instructions: To cook yuca, place pieces in a sauce pot and cover with cold water and bring it to a boil over medium high heat. Once at a boil, lower the temperature and simmer until yuca is tender. Next, place red onion slices in a sauce pot with the vinegar, water, peppercorns, coriander, and 1 bay leaf. Bring the onions to a boil and remove from the heat to cool at room temperature. Once the yuca is tender strain and place in a serving bowl. Spoon the onions over the yuca. Serve with roasted garlic and hot sauce. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound yuca, peeled, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 medium red onions, sliced, 1 cup white vinegar, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 bay leaf, Roasted garlic and hot sauce, for garnish, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Boiled Yuca with Pickled Red Onion and Roasted Garlic, picturelink: null}, 42628: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat. The artichokes can also be done in a grill pan.nUsing a heavyduty pair of kitchen shears, cut the pointy tips off the leaves of the artichokes. Put the artichokes in a large pot and add cold water to cover. Add the white wine, lemons, garlic, thyme and 3 tablespoons salt. Bring to a boil, then simmer about 30 minutes or until a paring knife easily pierces the heart. Remove from heat and allow to cool in the cooking liquid.nMeanwhile, make the remoulade sauce. In a food processor or by hand with a whisk, mix together the yolks and mustard. Add the oil in a slow, steady stream until the mixture is smooth and emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. Add the chopped herbs and, if desired, Pernod to taste.nPeel off the outer leaves and halve the artichokes. Using a spoon, scrape the choke from the center of the heart.nGrill the artichokes, turning once, until heated through and lightly charred on the outside, about 4 minutes. The artichokes can also be served chilled, without grilling. Serve with the remoulade., ingredients: [6 large artichokes, 1 cup white wine, 3 lemons, halved, 1 head garlic, split, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons salt, plus additional for seasoning, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 cup olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 sprigs tarragon, finely chopped, 3 sprigs chervil, finely chopped, Pernod, optional], title: Grilled Castroville Artichoke Tarragon Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 42629: {instructions: In a saucepan combine the strawberries, raspberries, blueberries and sugar, bring mixture to a simmer over moderately low heat, stirring gently, and simmer until sugar begins to dissolve. Add the liqueur and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes.nArrange ice cream in 4 serving dishes and immediately spoon hot sauce over., ingredients: [1 pint strawberries, hulled and sliced, 12 pint raspberries, rinsed and picked over, 12 pint blueberries, rinsed and picked over, 13 to 12 cup sugar, or to taste, 12 cup Chambord liqueur, 8 scoops frozen vanilla yogurt or ice cream], title: Chambord Berries with Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 42630: {instructions: Place the scallions, tomatoes, cucumber, chickpeas, parsley, mint, and basil in a large salad bowl and toss to combine.nIn a small bowl or measuring cup, whisk together the lemon juice, garlic, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to make an emulsion. Pour the dressing over the salad, tossing gently to coat all the vegetables. Add the feta, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and toss gently. Serve the salad with the toasted pita bread., ingredients: [10 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 1 pound ripe tomatoes, seeded, cored, and 12inchdiced, 1 hothouse cucumber, halved lengthwise, seeded, and 12inchdiced, 1 can or jar 12 to 16 ounces chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, 13 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 13 cup julienned fresh basil leaves, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 4 lemons, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good olive oil, 8 ounces good feta cheese, 12inchdiced, Toasted pita bread, for serving], title: Middle Eastern Vegetable Salad, picturelink: vWpcSLVgDO42ffBJuHawo6Z8HVtWK6}, 42631: {instructions: Put the basil, parsley, chervil, olive oil, pine nuts, garlic cloves, salt and pepper, and the anchovies in a food processor. Blend coarsely, stopping from time to time to scrape down the sides. When the ingredients are well blended, pour them into a bowl and add the grated cheeses. If combining the pesto with pasta, add a tablespoon of the cooking water to the pesto to thin out., ingredients: [2 cups fresh basil leaves, 12 cup fresh Italian parsley, 14 cup fresh chevril, 1 to 112 cups extravirgin olive oil, 5 tablespoons pine nuts, 45 cloves garlic, peeled, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 5 anchovies, preserved in salt or olive oil, 3 tablespoons freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese], title: Pesto Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42632: {instructions: For the broth: In a large stockpot, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Break up the duck bones and sear them on all sides until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the vegetables and continue cooking until caramelized, another 5 minutes. Add the spices and 16 cups water. Lower the heat and let simmer for about 3 hours. Let cool for about 15 minutes. Pass through a sieve and remove the fat. Pour the broth back into the stockpot and reserve for the duck noodle soup.nFor the duck soup: Add the vegetables, the soy sauce and noodles to the stockpot with reserved duck broth and simmer for 1 minute.nTo serve: Slice the duck breasts. Place the noodles in the center of a shallow bowl, top with sliced duck and pour some broth and vegetables into each bowl. Garnish with Thai basil and a slice of lime. Serve with spicy Sriracha sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Bones from 1 duck, 1 onion, chopped, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 inches fresh ginger, sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon Szechuan peppercorns, 2 kaffir lime leaves, Salt and pepper, 2 baby bok choy, sliced, 1 cup chopped scallions, 1 hot red chile, cut into thin strips, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 package wonton egg noodles, 2 cooked duck breasts, Thai basil, for garnish, Lime slices, for garnish, Sriracha sauce, for serving], title: Peking Duck Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 42633: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTrim beets, leaving 1inch of stems attached, and scrub well. Wrap beets tightly in foil and roast in middle of oven until tender, about 1 12 hours. Unwrap beets carefully and let stand until cool enough to handle. Peel beets. Cut half of 1 beet into 1 inch long match sticks for garnish and chop remaining beets.nIn a large heavy saucepan heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook onions with fennel seeds, stirring, until softened, about 15 minutes. Add sliced fennel and water and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until fennel is very soft, 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in chopped beets and broth and simmer, uncovered, 15 minutes. In a blender puree soup in batches, transferring it as pureed to another saucepan. Soup may be prepared up to this point 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Reheat soup until hot, thinning with water if necessary. Stir in orange juice, liqueur if using, and salt and pepper to taste.nGarnish soup with beet match sticks and fennel leaves and serve with bread sticks, ingredients: [5 medium beets, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 large onions, sliced, 14 teaspoon fennel seeds, 3 fennel bulbs sometimes called anise, sliced thin about 12 cups, reserving leaves for garnish, 14 cup water, 3 cups lowsalt chicken broth, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 14 cup Gilka German caraway seed liqueur if desired, Accompaniment: pumpernickel and rye bread sticks], title: Beet and Fennel Soup, picturelink: null}, 42634: {instructions: Quarter the leek lengthwise and slice crosswise into 14inchthick pieces. Place leeks in a large bowl of cold water and let stand for 5 to 10 minutes to rid them of dirt and sand. Lift leeks out of water with slotted spoon and drain.nIn a medium skillet, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over low heat add the garlic, shallots, leeks, and salt and pepper. Cook until very soft but not browned, about 15 minutes. Add the peas raising the heat to medium, and cook stirring, until peas are heated through, 3 to 5 minutes.nTransfer the pea mixture to a food processor. Add chicken stock and remaining tablespoon of olive oil pulse until mixture is a coarse puree, about 12 pulses. Transfer half the puree to a medium bowl. Process the remaining half of the peas for 15 seconds, then combine with the coarsely pureed peas. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, if necessary.nCut bread into 14inch slices, brush with oil, and toast under the broiler on both sides until golden brown. Spread with the pea mixture, garnish with mint and serve immediately or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 medium leek 8 ounces, white and lightgreen parts only, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, or to taste, 6 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh or frozen peas, defrosted if frozen, 2 tablespoons homemade or low sodium canned chicken stock, skimmed of fat, 14 cup chopped mint, 1 ficelle or thin baguette], title: Smashed Peas with Fresh Mint, picturelink: null}, 42635: {instructions: Special equipment: a candy thermometernPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush an 8by8inch dish with 1 teaspoon of the coconut oil and set aside.nCombine the coconut flakes, hazelnuts, walnuts, cashews, trail mix and flaxseed and spread into an even layer on a baking sheet. Toast until lightly golden, 10 to 12 minutes, then transfer to a large heatproof bowl. Set aside.nIn a small saucepan, combine the maple syrup, honey and 12 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the temperature on a candy thermometer reads 260 degrees F, about 5 minutes. Immediately pour over the nut mixture and stir to coat. Use a rubber spatula to press the mixture into the prepared dish and let cool until set, about 30 minutes.nTo make the chocolate drizzle, combine the chocolate chips and remaining 1 teaspoon coconut oil in a medium heatproof bowl and place over a small pot of simmering water. Heat, stirring, until melted and smooth. Alternatively, combine the chocolate and oil and microwave in 15second intervals, stirring often, until melted and smooth.nDrizzle the chocolate over the mixture. When set, cut into bars and serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoons virgin coconut oil, 1 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, 12 cup chopped hazelnuts, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup chopped cashews, 12 cup trail mix nuts only, 1 tablespoon ground flaxseed, 12 cup maple syrup, 13 cup honey, Kosher salt, 12 cup dark chocolate chips], title: Dark Chocolate Nut Bars, picturelink: ItYUDUMZaMrKzEqy0f1KegyWIRl.JtC}, 42636: {instructions: Heat the cream in a medium saucepot over low heat. Smack the mint between your hands to help release the oils add the mint to the cream. Bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat, cover and let steep for 30 minutes.nHeat the cream back to a simmer. Place the bittersweet and semisweet chocolate chips in a large bowl and strain the hot mint cream over the chocolate. Let sit for 2 minutes to let the chocolate melt. Add the salt and whisk until the chocolate is completely melted and blended into the cream. Pour into a baking dish. Cover and refrigerate until chilled and set, 2 hours.nUsing a small round scoop, melon baller or tablespoon measure, scoop out tablespoonsize balls of the chilled chocolate and place on a baking sheet. Youll need some rubber gloves for the next part. Roll each ball in your hands so that it is uniform and smooth, then place back on the baking sheet.nPlace the crushed cookies, chopped nuts and chopped semisweet chocolate in 3 separate dishes. Roll each chocolate ball in one of the coatings, making sure it is completely covered. Place on a baking sheet, cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Remove from the refrigerator about 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 14 cups heavy cream, 1 cup fresh mint leaves, One 10ounce bag bittersweet chocolate chips, One 10ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup crushed chocolate or mintchocolate cookies, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 cup chopped semisweet chocolate], title: Chocolate Mint Bites, picturelink: 7vPur44XNcC74KPc8QH7cY5tlM47u26}, 42637: {instructions: Put the olive oil, garlic, and shallot in a deep pot over medium heat. Cook for a few minutes, or until the garlic turns golden in color. Add the tomato puree, and chestnuts, and cook for another minute. Add the vegetable stock and bring the soup to a boil. Season the soup with salt and pepper, to taste. Reduce the heat, and let simmer for about 40 minutes. Before serving in individual bowls, sprinkle the soup with chopped parsley and croutons., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, 12 cup canned pureed peeled tomatoes, 25 chestnuts, roasted and peeled, 8 cups vegetable stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh parsley, finely chopped, 1 cup toasted croutons], title: Zuppa Di Castagne: Chestnut Soup, picturelink: null}, 42638: {instructions: Shake with ice in a cocktail shaker.nStrain into icefilled glass.nGarnish with lemon wedge., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Ketel One Citroen Vodka, 2.5 oz. fresh tomato juice, 2 pinches kosher salt, 2 pinches fresh ground pepper, 2 dashes hot sauce, 2 dashes worcestershire sauce, 1 squeeze fresh squeezed lemon, 1 piece lemon wedge], title: The Ultimate Ketel One Blood Mary, picturelink: uVdNPgqIAx8g1.T7Xf6fCtwXxFFnV.}, 42639: {instructions: In a fondue pot over low heat, add the American cheese and the cream cheese. Stir well to combine and cook until the cheese has melted. Add the crabmeat, halfandhalf, Worcestershire, and garlic salt and heat through until hot and creamy.nServe with cubed toasted French bread, for dipping., ingredients: [1 5ounce jar sharp American cheese spread, recommended: Cheese Whiz, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 7ounce can crabmeat, drained and flaked I use real crabmeat now, 14 cup heavy cream, or halfandhalf, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon garlic salt, Cubed and toasted French bread, for dipping], title: Crabmeat Fondue, picturelink: null}, 42640: {instructions: Place the chicken in a large pot and add enough water to cover the chicken. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat to low, skimming when necessary.nHeat the oil in a separate pan over medium heat and add the onions. Cook the onions until clear, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nWhen the chicken is cooked through, 45 minutes to 1 hour, remove from the broth. Let the chicken cool, and then pull the meat from the bones. Dice into large cubes and set aside.nAdd the bay leaves, carrot, leek and reserved onions to the broth and simmer, about 1 hour.nRemove the carrot and leek from the broth and add the rice. Bring to a boil, and then turn the heat to mediumhigh to simmer until the rice is cooked to al dente, about 30 minutes. Add the chicken back into the broth. Add more water if needed.nIn a small bowl, beat the lemon juice and eggs together. Pour 2 cups of broth slowly into the bowl, whisking continuously. Once all the broth is incorporated, add the mixture into the pot of chicken soup and stir to blend well throughout. Add the salt and pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [One 3pound freerange chicken, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, finely diced, 2 bay leaves, 1 carrot, peeled and quartered, 1 leek, cleaned and quartered, 23 cup arborio rice, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper], title: Avgolemono: Chicken Soup with EggLemon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42641: {instructions: Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add onions and sage. Cover and cook until onions are deep golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool.nWhisk together mayonnaise and sour cream in a medium bowl to blend. Stir in the cooled caramelized onions, salt, and pepper. Cover dip and refrigerate until flavors blend, about 2 hours., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cups thinly sliced onion, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage leaves, 34 cup mayonnaise, 34 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, Potato chips, for serving], title: Caramelized Onion Dip, picturelink: P0UGbo235hk7q8Y3ykZFKOMxlljJI4O}, 42642: {instructions: Rinse the fish with water and lime juice, and pat dry. Then, score the fish on both sides with a sharp knife. Salt and pepper the fish inside and outside. Lightly dust the fish with flour. Heat 12 inch of oil in a skillet. Fry the fish in one layer in batches until golden and crisp. Do not crowd the skillet. When all the fish are done, set aside. Pour off some of the oil leaving just enough to saute the onions until softened. Then add the bonnet and red peppers, and saute 1 minute more. Turn the onion mixture out over the fish. In the same skillet heat water, vinegar, and sugar and bring to a boil, then pour over the fish and onions. Let cool and refrigerate., ingredients: [6 to 8 pieces 1 pound snappers, scaled, cleaned, and gutted, Salt, Fresh ground pepper, Juice of 2 limes, 12 cup flour, Oil for frying, 4 medium onions, 1 to 2 bonnet peppers, julienned, 1 to 2 red peppers, julienned, 1 cup water, 1 cup white vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Escoveitched Snapper, picturelink: null}, 42643: {instructions: Place the fruit in a well buttered oven proof dish, sprinkle with brown sugar and place in a preheated 400 degree oven for 30 to 45 minutes. Remove, let cool slightly, mix well to incorporate all the flavors together, serve. Vanilla ice cream or creme fraiche on the warm fruits would be a great final touch., ingredients: [24 ounces, assorted fruit, peeled, seeded and cubed, Brown sugar, to taste, Vanilla ice cream, as needed], title: Roasted Fruit with Brown Sugar, picturelink: null}, 42644: {instructions: Toss the shishito peppers, cherry tomatoes and 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large bowl.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet until hot but not smoking. Add the tomatopepper mixture and stirfry until blistered in spots, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat stir in the scallions, ginger and 12 teaspoon salt.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 ounces shishito peppers, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger, Kosher salt], title: Tomato and Shishito StirFry, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 42645: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large, heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, fennel, and garlic, and saute until the vegetables just start to brown. Add the white wine and reduce. Add the orange zest, saffron, tomatoes, potatoes, and fish stock or clam juice. Bring the mixture to a boil.nContinue cooking until the vegetables are tender and the liquid has reduced, about 25 minutes.nAdjust the heat to mediumlow and add the mussels and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the shrimp and clams and cook for 3 minutes more. Add the halibut and cook for an additional 4 to 5 minutes.nBefore serving, the shells will have opened and the fish will be tender and flaky. Garnish with parsley and top with the faux rouille, recipe follows.nFaux Rouille:nIn a bowl, mix together the sour cream, mayonnaise, minced garlic, paprika, fresh lemon juice, salt, and black pepper, to taste and top each serving of bouillabaisse with a dollop of the faux rouille.nBouillabaisse Variations:nLatin Bouillabaisse: Saute 2 bell peppers, seeded and sliced and 1 serrano chile, seeded and minced along with the other vegetables. Add a handful of coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves to the broth base. Garnish the bouillabaisse with lime wedges.nCurried Bouillabaisse: Add 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 2 whole cloves, 2 12 tablespoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, and 12 stick cinnamon to the broth base. Replace the fennel with thinly sliced lemongrass.nChicken Bouillabaisse: Replace the fish with 6 chicken legs that have been sauteed until golden brown. Replace the clam juice with lowsodium chicken broth., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, sliced, 1 small fennel bulb, thinly sliced, fronds reserved, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup white wine, Zest of 1 orange, 12 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, in juice, 8 ounces Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced, 6 cups clam juice or fish stock, 15 mussels, cleaned and debearded, 15 large 2025count shrimp, peeled, deveined and tail on, 15 little neck clams, 1 pound halibut, cut into 4 4ounce pieces, Faux Rouille, recipe follows, Bouillabaisse Variations, recipes follow, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon minced garlic or garlic paste, 12 teaspoon paprika, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bouillabaisse, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 42646: {instructions: Combine the hot sauce, margarine or butter, cayenne pepper, chile flakes, horseradish, jalapenoes, habaneros, cumin, garlic, onion and black pepper in a food processor and mix on medium speed until all the ingredients are well mixed. Reserve the hot sauce to toss with chicken wings.nCooks Note: Be sure to wear gloves when cutting the jalapeno and habanero and do not touch your face after handling the seeds or cut up peppers to avoid irritationnThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups red hot sauce use your favorite, 1 stick margarine or butter, softened, 2 12 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 2 12 tablespoons crushed red chile flakes, 2 12 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons minced fresh jalapeno, 1 tablespoon minced fresh habanero, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, Hot chicken wings, for serving], title: 5 Alarm Sauce, picturelink: alYN7uHgrtm29G6WkIu8Bb3oPTORe}, 42647: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender or food processor, puree the tofu until it is smooth.nPut the chopped chocolate, cocoa powder, 14 cup water and brandy in a saucepan or heatproof bowl fitted over a pot containing 1inch barely simmering water. Stir frequently, until melted and smooth. Remove from heat. Mix in 12 cup of sugar, a little at a time, until smooth.nAdd the chocolate mixture to the tofu and puree until smooth and well blended. Spoon the mousse into serving dishes, cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nWhip the cream with a beater. When the cream is almost completely whipped, add the remaining 12 teaspoon of sugar and finish whipping. Top each serving with a dollop of whipped cream and a sprinkle of chocolate shavings and serve.nYield: 5 servings serving size 12 cup of mousse, 1 tablespoon whipped cream and 14 teaspoon shaved chocolate, ingredients: [1 12.3ounce package silken tofu, drained, 3 ounces high quality bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, preferably Dutchprocessed, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon brandy, 12 cup plus 12 teaspoon superfine sugar, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 14 teaspoons shaved chocolate], title: Dark Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: sIgloUwPr3kjtrkBsUqCYjXptD82u5K}, 42648: {instructions: Remove the chicken breasts from the bone. Slice each breast in half lengthwise. Put them between pieces of plastic wrap and pound them with a mallet or a small skillet until they are 14inch thick.nSet up a breading station with three pie plates or shallow dishes. Put the flour in one and season it with a generous pinch of salt and pepper, the eggs beaten with 2 tablespoons of water in another, and the breadcrumbs in the third. Dredge the chicken pieces in the flour, then the egg wash, then the breadcrumbs. Set aside. In a large skillet over medium heat, add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the chicken in 1 layer and cook until it is golden brown and crispy, about 4 minutes per side. Drain on brown paper and keep warm while you make the sauce.nIn another skillet over medium heat, add the butter. When it is melted, add mushrooms and season them with salt and pepper. Cook until they are browned, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds then add the stock and simmer for 4 minutes and reduce by one third. Add the Worcestershire sauce, turn the heat off, and let cool for a minute before stirring in the sour cream. Serve the Schnitzel with the sauce poured over the top, garnished with parsley., ingredients: [2 bonein chicken breasts, 34 cup flour, 2 large eggs beaten, 1 cup plain breadcrumbs, Kosher salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 14 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 8ounce package sliced mushrooms, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Chicken Schnitzel with Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42649: {instructions: 1. For glaze, combine honey, mustard and lemon zest in small bowl mix well. Set aside.n2. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread almonds in one layer on ungreased shallow baking pan. Bake for 1015 minutes, stirring occasionally, until golden. Set aside.n3. For couscous, bring water to boil in medium saucepan. Cook couscous according to package directions remove from heat fluff with a fork. Set aside.n4. In large skillet heat oil saute onion, bell pepper and carrots until softened. Add couscous, raisins, toasted almonds, turmeric and cinnamon stir well to combine. Season to taste with salt and black pepper.n5. To serve, lightly drizzle glaze over couscous servings., ingredients: [Couscous:, 12 cup Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Sliced Almonds, toasted, 112 cups water, 1 cup uncooked Israeli couscous, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup diced red onion, 14 cup diced red bell pepper, 14 cup diced carrot, 14 cup raisins, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Salt and ground black pepper, optional, Glaze:, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon lemon zest], title: Honey Dijon Almond Couscous, picturelink: null}, 42650: {instructions: In a microwave safe bowl, add the chocolate and water and heat in a microwave or over a double boiler until melted. Stir until smooth and set aside. In a separate bowl, sift together the cake flour, baking soda and salt. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the butter, vanilla extract, granulated sugar and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add egg yolks 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Blend in the melted chocolate. Add the flour mixture and buttermilk, alternating, until just combined.nAdd the egg whites to a small bowl and beat with an egg beater until stiff peaks form. Gently fold the whites into the batter until well incorporated.nPour the batter evenly into two 9inch cake pans or two 12capacity cupcake tins. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 30 minutes for the larger cakes and 15 to 20 for the cupcakes. Remove from the oven to a cooling rack and allow to cool completely before filling and frosting.nTo Assemble the German Chocolate Cake:nPut a cake layer on top of a serving plate and top with a generous layer of the caramelpecan filling. Cover the frosting with another cake layer of and spread with the frosting. Top with the final layer and frost.nSpread dark chocolate frosting secret recipe, or your favorite chocolate frosting around the outside of the entire cake. Cut into wedges and serve.nCombine the evaporated milk, slightly beaten egg yolks, granulated sugar, brown sugar, vanilla and butter in a large saucepan or heavy pot over low heat. When the butter melts raise the heat to medium, stirring constantly. The mixture will thicken after 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the coconut and pecans and cool before frosting the cakes., ingredients: [4 ounces bakers chocolate recommend: Bakers German Sweet Chocolate, 12 cup water, 2 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 pound unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, 4 eggs, separated, 1 cup buttermilk, Coconut Pecan Filling, recipe follows, or whatever you prefer, Favorite chocolate frosting, for the sides, 1 12 cups evaporated milk, 5 egg yolks, slightly beaten, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup butter, 2 12 cups flaked coconut, 2 cups toasted pecans], title: German Chocolate Cake  Make My Cake, picturelink: null}, 42651: {instructions: Pork Chops:nWash and season the chops with salt, onion powder, garlic powder, black pepper, coriander, olive oil, sesame seed oil, and dried herbs. Marinate in the refrigerator for a minimum of 2 hours or up to 24 hours.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove chops from marinade and place on the preheated grill. Grill chops on both sides for about 2 minutes each side. Transfer to an ovenproof dish and place in the oven until done. Set aside and keep warm.nApples:nRaise oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the apples in a large bowl and add half of the butter, cinnamon, nutmeg, and brown sugar. Mix well and let sit for 20 minutes.nPlace apples on a greased baking sheet and pour the remaining butter over the apples. Put in the oven and roast until caramelized and fork tender. When serving, pour the juices over the apples.nBrussels Sprouts:nCut ends off Brussels sprouts and wash them. In a pasta pot with insert bring the water to a boil. Add Brussels sprouts, cover, and steam for 7 minutes. Drain.nHeat a skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. Add the onions and saute until caramelized. Add the Brussels sprouts, onion powder, garlic powder, dried herbs, paprika, and bouillon cubes, crushing the cubes to combine with the onion mixture. Saute Brussels sprouts until browned. Lower heat, cover and simmer until Brussels sprouts are fork tender. Serve with pork chops and apples., ingredients: [4 1 12inch thick pork chops, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seed oil, 1 tablespoon dried herbs blend of dried and ground oregano, thyme, rosemary, black pepper, and basil, recommended: Daddys, 4 Granny Smith apples, quartered, 1 12 sticks butter, melted and slightly browned, 14 cup ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons ground nutmeg, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, 3 cups water, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, sliced thin, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon dried herbs blend of dried and ground oregano, thyme, rosemary, black pepper, and basil, recommended: Daddys, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 chicken bullion cubes, salt and pepper], title: Grilled Pork Chops with Roasted Apples and Steamed Brussels Sprouts in Caramelized Onions, picturelink: null}, 42652: {instructions: 1. In a medium bowl, soft together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Add the sugar and stir the dry ingredients with a whisk until combined.n2. In a medium bowl, whisktogether the buttermilk, melted butter, egg, and vanilla until blended. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and pour the buttermilk mixture into it. Using a rubber spatula, stir until the moxture forms a soft, moist dough. Dust a work surface with flour. Scrape the dough onto the work surface and lightly sprinkle the top of the dough with flour. Gather the dough into a ball and knead it gently 5 or 6 times, or until smooth. Roll or pat the dough into a round roughly 10 inches in diameter and 12 inch thick. Transfer the round to a baking sheet, cover it with plastic wrap, and place it in the freezer for 15 minutes, or until firm.n3. Using a 3inch doughnut cutter or a 3inch round biscuit cutter and a 34inch cutter or pastry tip for the hole, cut out 7 doughnuts and holes from the dough. Gather the scraps together, reroll 12inch thick, and cut out 3 more doughnuts and as many holes as possible. Place the doughnuts and holes on a baking sheet or 2 plates, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate while heating the oil for frying.n4. Pour the oil into a deepfat fryer or large straightsided saucepan to a depth of 2 to 3 inches. heat the oil to 370 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.n5. Fry the doughnuts and holes in small batches, turning once, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until golden brown. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to the paper towels to drain, then place on a wire rack to cool completely.n6. When the doughnuts and holes are completely cool, place the confectioners sugar in a medium bowl. Generously dredge the doughnuts and holes in the sugar, shaking off the excess. Serve the same day., ingredients: [3 12 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup buttermilk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, vegetable oil for frying, 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted], title: DinerStyle Powdered Buttermilk Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 42653: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons of the oil to the hot pan. Season the pork and beef with 12 teaspoon of the salt. Working in 2 batches, brown the meat on all sides this will take about 7 minutes per batch. Remove the browned meat to a plate and continue with the next batch.nWhen all the meat is browned and removed, add the remaining tablespoon of oil to the pan along with the garlic, onion and pepper. Cook, stirring often, for about 3 minutes. Season the vegetables with the chile powder, cumin, chipotle, coriander and 1 teaspoon of salt. Continue to cook the vegetables until the spices are fragrant and the vegetables are soft, an additional 2 minutes. Stir in the diced tomatoes and kidney beans along with 3 cups of water. Add the seared meat and the remaining 12 teaspoon salt. Reduce the heat to medium low, cover and simmer until the meat is tender and the chili has thickened slightly, about 1 hour. Stir in the bourbon, espresso and agave and turn off the heat.nServe garnished with shredded Cheddar cheese and a dollop of sour cream if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable or grapeseed oil, 2 pounds pork shoulder, trimmed and cut into 12inch dice, 1 pound beef chuck, cut into 12inch dice, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, chopped or smashed, 1 onion, diced, 1 red pepper, diced, 3 tablespoons chile powder, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 teaspoon chipotle flakes or powder, 12 teaspoon coriander, Two 15ounce cans diced fireroasted tomatoes, Two 15ounce cans kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 3 tablespoons bourbon, 3 tablespoons brewed espresso, 1 tablespoon agave, 12 cup shredded white Cheddar, optional, 13 cup sour cream, optional], title: Smoky Meaty Chili, picturelink: QP0UI0cSaVmMITFQwvDyzZwF7TtE3U6}, 42654: {instructions: Marinate the beef in the red wine, vinegar, carrots and 12 of the onions for 6 hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nRemove the beef from the marinade reserving the marinade and dry gently with paper towels. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a heavy Dutch oven over medium heat and cook the bacon lardons until crisp. Remove the bacon and set aside, reserving the fat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the bacon fat in the Dutch oven and brown the beef on all sides. Once the beef is browned, add in the reserved marinade, bacon lardons, the remaining onions, rosemary, thyme, garlic and bay leaves. Add 2 cups water and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer, then cover tightly and cook in the oven for 3 to 4 hours. Check the daube every hour and add a little more water if needed. Remove the herbs and serve the daube be sure to reserve the sauce with the Macaronade.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a gratin dish.nCook the pasta in salted water according to the packages instructions for al dente. Drain and toss with the cheese and daube sauce. Place the pasta in the gratin dish, and top with the breadcrumbs, sprinkle with salt and pepper and dot with the butter. Bake 15 minutes and serve with the daube., ingredients: [2 pounds beef chuck, cut into 3inch pieces, 2 cups red wine, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 carrots, roughly chopped, 2 onions, sliced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 strips bacon, cut into lardons, 4 stems fresh rosemary, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Macaronade, recipe follows, for serving, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small cubes, plus more for greasing, 8 ounces macaroni, Kosher salt, 12 cup shredded Swiss or gruyere cheese, 12 cup sauce from Daube a la Provencale, 14 cup seasoned breadcrumbs, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Daube a la Provencale, picturelink: x5HCvKf9.52k6eYVrhFTIRSGhdDMzO}, 42655: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat the butter and oil. When hot, add the green beans in one layer. When the beans are just beginning to color, stir them around and add the Worcestershire, sriracha and lemon juice. Cook until the beans are crisptender, a few more minutes. Transfer them to a plate, crumble over the blue cheese and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 8 ounces green beans, trimmed, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon sriracha or other hot sauce, Fresh lemon juice, as needed, 2 ounces crumbled blue cheese], title: Sauteed Green Beans with Lemon and Blue Cheese, picturelink: rEFj5cPs55zAhRmm6u7B6lRI8MGpMeG}, 42656: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPut the stuffing cubes in a large bowl and set aside. Butter a 3quart casserole dish.nMelt 2 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and break up with a wooden spoon. Cook until it loses most of its pink color, but not so much that its dry, about 5 minutes. Add the sausage and pan drippings to the stuffing cubes. Melt the remaining butter in the pan. Add the onion, apple, celery, and salt. Cook until the vegetables get soft, about 5 minutes. Add the broth and parsley and bring to a boil.nPour the vegetable mixture over the stuffing cubes and toss until evenly moistened. Mix in the walnuts and eggs. Loosely pack the dressing in the prepared pan and cook uncovered until the top forms a crust, about 40 minutes. Drizzle about 2 tablespoons of turkey pan drippings or melted butter over the top. Cook until the top is crisp and golden, about 20 minutes more. Set immediately or warm., ingredients: [16ounce bag stuffing cubes, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the pan and topping, 1 pound fresh sage sausage, casing removed, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cooking apples, such as Gravenstein, Rome, or Golden Delicious, peeled, cored, and chopped, 1 to 2 ribs celery with leaves, chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup walnut pieces, toasted See Note, 2 eggs, beaten], title: Sage, Sausage and Apple Dressing, picturelink: 7nAJqJ.ynuQI5ShuSWwkWEzp2Are0X.}, 42657: {instructions: Add contents to a pitcher along with ice. Stir and serve immediately. Garnish with orange, lemon andor lime slices, if desired., ingredients: [6 ounces guava juice, 6 ounces orange juice, 6 ounces pineapple soda or pineapple juice, 6 ounces ginger beer, 6 ounces ginger ale, 4 shakes angostura bitters, 6 ounces Myers rum, or any other dark rum, Orange, lemon, lime slices, for garnish], title: Rum Punch, picturelink: null}, 42658: {instructions: For the ribs: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the ribs in a deep pan and rub with the cumin paprika, red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons salt and 2 teaspoons black pepper. Let sit 30 minutes.nIn the meantime, whisk together the beer, lemon zest and tomato paste. Pour over the ribs. Scatter the ribs with the tomatoes, bell peppers, onions and garlic. Cover tightly with foil and bake 3 hours.nWhile the ribs are cooking, make the slaw: In a mixing bowl, whisk together the lime juice and avocado until the avocado is just broken up. Add the cabbage, cucumber, fennel, jalapeno, cilantro and onions and season well with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate.nTo prepare: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Remove the ribs from the oven and finish on the grill until the outside is crisp, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve the ribs with the slaw on the side., ingredients: [6 racks baby back ribs, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12ounce bottle light beer recommended: Miller MGD 64, 1 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, sliced, 1 yellow bell pepper, sliced, 12 yellow onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 2 avocados, diced, 1 cabbage head, shaved, 1 cucumber, seeded and shaved, 1 fennel bulb, shaved, 1 jalapeno, diced, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 12 red onion, shaved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Pork Ribs with Tangy Slaw, picturelink: VVI0AokS8hHAOzHW69ljo.V2AWDnO}, 42659: {instructions: In a medium pot add sweet potatoes and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer until fork tender, 15 to 18 minutes.nSeason chops with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook pork 5 minutes on the first side until deeply golden, turn and cook 3 to 4 minutes more with a loose foil tent over the pan. Remove cooked chops to a plate and cover to keep warm. Add another turn of the pan of olive oil, add the onions and apples. Season with salt, pepper and thyme and cook until just tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Douse with juice of a lemon and remove onions and apples to a bowl keep warm.nAdd 2 tablespoons butter to the skillet, melt then whisk in flour, cook 1 minute then whisk in cider and 1 cup of stock. Season the gravy with salt and pepper. Thicken 4 to 5 minutes over mediumlow heat.nDrain cooked sweet potatoes and return pan to stove. Melt 2 tablespoons butter and combine with marmalade and 1 cup stock. Add potatoes and mash, season with salt and pepper.nServe chop covered with apples and onions, gravy poured down over top, sweet potatoes alongside., ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, Salt, 4 bonein pork chops, 1inch thick, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large onions, yellow or red, thinly sliced, 2 Gala or Golden Delicious apples, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 lemon, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup apple cider, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 rounded tablespoons orange marmalade], title: Mashed Sweet Potatoes, Pork Chop with Cider Gravy, Sauteed Apples and Onions, picturelink: Cud6bp8F5FxdQ1aijsjxCKJZ7iqTQJu}, 42660: {instructions: Melt butter. Spread crushed graham crackers evenly in 9 x 11 pan. Drizzle butter evenly over graham crackers. Making sure to scatter each evenly, add chocolate bits, then butterscotch bits, walnut pieces and sweet coconut flakes. Spread sweetened condensed milk evenly over the top. In preheated 375degree F oven place pan on center rack for 25 minutes. Let cool for one hour and cut into 2 x 2 squares., ingredients: [1 cup melted butter, 4 cups crushed graham cracker crumbs, 8 oz. chocolate bits, 8 oz. butterscotch bits, 8 oz. walnut pieces, 8 oz. sweet coconut flakes, 8 oz. sweetened condensed milk], title: Chef Jeffs 7Layer Bar, picturelink: null}, 42661: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the cauliflower and a pinch of salt to a boiling pot of water and cook until cooked through and very tender, about 10 minutes. Drain well and quickly dry well with paper towels. Add the hot cauliflower to a food processor with the chicken stock, cheese, olive oil, yogurt and garlic and process until smooth. Stir in a pinch of salt and pepper and the chopped rosemary, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 medium head of cauliflower, chopped, Kosher salt, 14 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons grated Italian cheese, such as Parmesan, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon nonfat Greek yogurt, 1 clove garlic, smashed and chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, Fresh rosemary, chopped, for garnish], title: Art Smiths Garlic Mashed Cauliflower, picturelink: fwjxxoNuMCivESQ6xk5uzeXVXcDzku}, 42662: {instructions: Over medium heat in a large saute pan, place a small amount of oil and saute the cabbage until golden brown. Remove from the heat, season with some salt and let cool.nMix the MOEs secret spices, 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper into the ground chicken until fully incorporated.nOnce cool, mix the cabbage into the ground chicken.nCut each eggroll wrapper in half. Place 2 ounces of filling at one end, wet the other end with water and roll into a cigar shape, leaving the ends open.nIn a large pot or fryer, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Fry the eggrolls until the internal temperature is 170 degrees F, about 7 minutes., ingredients: [1 gallon peanut oil, for frying, 8 ounces green cabbage, shredded, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon MOEs secret spice mix, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 8 ounces ground chicken dark meat, 4 eggroll wrappers], title: MOEriginal Eggroll Recipe, picturelink: 2U2qqBkr1LKqGPY49EetEfF5zdlkcmy}, 42663: {instructions: In a heavy casserole which can go in the oven brown batches of the veal in the oil until golden on all sides. As you brown the cubes, remove them to a platter. When they are all brown, add the leeks and carrots to the casserole and saute them for about 3 to 4 minutes or until tender. With a slotted spoon remove the cooked vegetables and discard the fat from the casserole.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees. Return the cooked leeks and carrots to the bottom of the casserole. Return the browned veal meat and place them over the vegetables. Add the wine and, over moderate heat, reduce the wine to almost nothing. Add the stock and bouquet garni and bring the liquid to a simmer. Add the garlic, salt and pepper. Cover the stew with a piece of foil with the edges turned upwards to catch the steam which will collect under the lid. Cover the casserole with a lid or other piece of foil and set in oven. Braise for 1 to 1 12 hours or until the meat is fork tender.nStrain the solids from the liquid and keep warm. Remove excess fat and reduce liquid to 1 12 cups. Adjust the seasoning. Serve dusted with fresh dill. Accompany with rice, plain boiled potatoes or the mashed potatoes and spinach see recipe below., ingredients: [3 to 4 pounds boneless veal shoulder, cubed 1 12 inch cubes, 12 cup vegetable oil, 4 leeks, washed and sliced, 2 carrots, sliced, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups veal stock or chicken broth, Bouquet garni: in a cheesecloth tie a bay leaf, whole peppercorns and sprigs of fresh dill, 4 whole heads of garlic, crushed and peeled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh dill, chopped for garnish], title: Veal Stew with 40 Cloves of Garlic, picturelink: null}, 42664: {instructions: Combine all liquid in a shaker and shake until blended. Pour into a glass over ice. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Sweet and sour mix, 1ounce tequila recommended: Cabo wabo, blanco, 1ounce orange flavored vodka, 14ounce blue curaco, 14ounce Midori, Lemon andor lime slices, for garnish], title: The Sea Donkey, picturelink: Oc6YLccNVxDhjKCc0GlYaxc3F9BJEy}, 42665: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a very large roasting pan set over medium heat and add the onions, carrots, celery, ginger, and garlic. Cook until the vegetables are softened but not browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the cloves, bay leaves, cinnamon, chile with seeds, wine, and chicken stock.nSeason the pig on all sides with salt and pepper. Set it in the roasting pan skin side up on top of the spices. Roast until the meat is forktender, especially checking the legs, 2 to 3 hours. When cool, remove all the bones by hand and lay the pig on a tray, pressing to flatten it.nIn a spice grinder, finely grind the cumin seeds, mustard seeds, peppercorns, cloves, and cinnamon. Mix in the paprika.nHeat a 2 quart pot over medium heat. Add the canola oil and onions and cook until the onions are transparent, about 5 minutes. Add the ginger and garlic pastes, the ground spices, and the vinegar and cook, stirring constantly, for 8 minutes. Add the stock, wine, tequila, and sugar and bring up to a boil. Simmer for 20 minutes. Season to taste.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 cup oil, 4 onions chopped, 4 carrots chopped, 1 head celery, chopped, 3inch knob fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, 2 heads garlic, roots removed, not peeled, 4 cloves, 4 bay leaves, 1 3inch stick cinnamon, cracked, 1 dried chile, 1 cup dry white wine, such as Chardonnay, 12 cups chicken stock, 1 14pound fresh suckling pig, butterflied, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons cumin seeds, 3 tablespoons brown mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 4 cloves, 2 sticks cinnamon, 6 tablespoons paprika, 14 cup canola oil, 1 cup finely minced red onions, 2 tablespoons pureed ginger, 2 tablespoons pureed garlic, 5 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 4 cups pork stock from roasting pan or chicken stock, 1 cup white wine, 14 cup tequila, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Roast Suckling Pig, picturelink: null}, 42666: {instructions: Heat the oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mustard seeds and fry until they begin to pop, about 1 minute. Add to a small bowl along with the honey, ginger and lime juice, and whisk well. Set aside.nPut the cucumbers, red onions, green onions, cashews, chile and coconut onto a platter. Pour over the dressing and garnish with more coconut., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 12 teaspoon brown mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon minced ginger, Juice of 1 lime, 1 cucumber, washed and cut into thin slices, 14 cup red onion, thinly sliced, 1 green onion, chopped, 14 cup cashews, roughly chopped, 1 small red chile, seeds removed and minced, 14 cup grated fresh coconut, plus more for garnish, A pinch of salt], title: Cucumber Salad with Fresh Coconut, picturelink: null}, 42667: {instructions: Cream the butter with a paddle attachment then mix in the sugar. Add the egg whites gradually and then mix in the vanilla and lemon extracts. Add the flour and mix until just incorporated. With a small 14inch plain tip, pipe 1inch sections of batter onto a parchmentlined sheet pan, spacing them 2 inches apart as they spread. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10 minutes or until light golden brown around the edges. Let cool on the pan.nCookie Filling: In a small saucepan over medium flame, scald cream. Pour hot cream over chocolate in a bowl. Whisk to melt chocolate, add zest and blend well. Set aside to cool the mixture will thicken as it cools. Spread a thin amount of the filling onto the flat side of a cookie while the filling is still soft and press the flat side of a second cookie on top. Repeat with the remainder of the cookies., ingredients: [12 tablespoons butter, softened, 2 12 cups powdered sugar, 78 cup egg whites from about 6 eggs, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons lemon extract, 1 12 cups flour, Cookie filling, recipe follows, 12 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 orange, zested], title: Milan Cookies, picturelink: LXb7AE4qAW1MCwQAd1F.7f.bHVdTCLu}, 42668: {instructions: In large pan, saute onions in oil with cardamom pods and cloves until onions just brown. Add chutney, garlic puree, salt, and pepper and sprinkle over drumsticks. Add water to pan, and cook over low heat for 30 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [1 red onion, chopped, 1 cup olive oil, 12 cardamom pods, 12 cloves, 1 teaspoon fresh coriander chutney, 1 teaspoon garlic puree, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 16 chicken legs, 1 cup water], title: Ismails Coriander and Cardamom Drumsticks, picturelink: null}, 42669: {instructions: Whip the egg whites and cornstarch together in a small bowl.nIn a large bowl, mix all filling ingredients together.nLay 12 wrappers on flat surface. Place approximately 1 tablespoon of filling in center of each. Wet edges with egg wash, bring all sides to the center and pinch together.nSteam potstickers in a steaming pan for 6 to 8 minutes. Do not stack. Handle carefully when ready to remove from the pan.nIn a large skillet heat peanut oil and sear potstickers until golden and crisp.nMix all ingredients in a small bowl and serve with potstickers, ingredients: [2 egg whites, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 pound rock shrimp, drained and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup chopped napa cabbage, 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 potsticker skins or won ton wrappers, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, Ponzu Dipping Sauce, 13 cup soy sauce, 2 oranges, juiced about 14 cup, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons sliced scallions], title: Shrimp Potstickers, picturelink: czs4OVDPjD3BKyaaQsGeqixy2Gk7RZe}, 42670: {instructions: In an standing mixer fitted with a dough hook, add the flour, salt and honey. Whip until combined.nAdd the yeast and the water to a small bowl and allow it to sit for 15 minutes. Add the yeast water to the flour mixture and beat until well mixed. Put the mixing bowl in a warm place, cover and let rise until doubled in size. Punch the dough down and divide it into 6 equal parts. Form into 6 6inch loaves, cover and allow them to double in size.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. arrange the loaves on a baking sheet and bake until light brown.nEnjoy, ingredients: [3 cups bread flour, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 14 cups warm water, 1 12 tablespoons yeast], title: Chef Ricks Classic French Bread, picturelink: null}, 42671: {instructions: For the vinaigrette:nMix all the ingredients together in a small bowl and set aside.nAdd potatoes to pot of salted cold water. Bring to a boil, over high heat, then reduce heat to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes until tender. Drain and place in a large bowl. Cover with foil to keep warm, if necessary.nAdd bacon to large saute pan and cook until crisp over medium heat. Remove to a paper towellined sheet tray and reserve. Add onion, dash of pepper and garlic to bacon grease and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Add vinaigrette to vegetables. Let cook until reduced and thickened, about 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd potatoes, dill and bacon to the pan and toss to coat with dressing. Allow to cook for 3 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Transfer potato salad to a serving platter and sprinkle with chopped fresh dill., ingredients: [12 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon coarsegrained mustard, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 12 pounds red potatoes, diced into 1inch cubes, Salt, 6 bacon slices, chopped, 1 medium sized red onion, diced, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup freshly chopped dill leaves, plus more for garnish, Vinaigrette:], title: Warm Bacon Potato Salad, picturelink: xLlWkEg6E3alJ7VhhHQt3eHeBz4I.q}, 42672: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPrick the sweet potato all over with a fork, and then wrap in foil. Bake until soft, about 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nWhen cool enough to handle, halve the sweet potato and scoop out the flesh. Add the flesh to a food processor, along with the coconut milk, cinnamon, nutmeg and orange zest. Process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Fold in the walnuts if using., ingredients: [1 medium sweet potato, 12 cup lite coconut milk, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Pinch freshly ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon grated orange zest, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped walnuts, optional], title: Whipped Sweet Potato, picturelink: 7Sz.Qoskp9Fg9aFpmLyytsTadMGvcC}, 42673: {instructions: Special equipment: 24 small chocolate dome moldsnFor the turtle spiders: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spread the pecans evenly on a silicone mat on a baking sheet. Place in the oven and bake until toasted, 7 to 10 minutes. Combine the sugar, brown sugar, salt, cream, light corn syrup and butter in a small saucepan and stir constantly over low heat until the sugars dissolve. Add the baking soda, and increase the heat to mediumhigh, stirring constantly. Cook the caramel to 244 degrees F. Immediately dip the bottom of the hot pan in an ice bath to stop the cooking of the caramel. Add the vanilla and rum. Scoop the caramel over the toasted pecans so that the caramel is splotchy all over the nuts. Let cool to room temperature. For the coffee ganache: In a small saucepan over medium heat, caramelize the sugar to a dark amber. Heat the cream, fleur de sel, and ground espresso in the microwave until its hot to the touch, 1 to 2 minutes. Carefully add the espresso cream to the cooked sugar and bring it back to a boil. Be very careful this point because the sugar will bubble up as soon as the cream comes in contact with the sugar. Just keep pouring the cream in slowly and stirring the entire time. Place the chocolate, honey, butter, and coffee liqueur in a large bowl. Strain the caramel over the chocolate. Let sit for 30 seconds, and then whisk to combine. Let stand at room temperature until the edges start to crystallize. For the pistachio ganache: In a small saucepan, bring the cream and light corn syrup to a boil. Place the butter, white chocolate, and pistachio compound in a small bowl. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate. Let stand for 10 seconds, and then whisk to combine. Fold in the chopped pistachios. Let stand at room temperature until the edges start to crystallize. Pipe into the other half of the chocolate shell dome. For the chocolate domes: Melt the coating chocolate and pour into the mold, let it sit for 30 seconds, and pour back out. Let it completely crystallize. Repeat with all the molds. Pipe the coffee ganache into the chocolate molds. Glue the 2 halves together with melted coating chocolate.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 pounds pecans, chopped, 8 ounces sugar, 4 ounces brown sugar, sifted, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 cups cream, 1 cup light corn syrup, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon dark rum recommended: Meyers, 6 14 ounces sugar, 1 34 cups cream, 18 teaspoon fleur de sel, 1 tablespoon ground espresso, 1 pound 4 ounces milk chocolate, roughly chopped, 34 ounce honey, 3 tablespoons 1 12 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, 4 12 tablespoons coffee liqueur recommended: Kahlua, 14 cup cream, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 34 ounces unsalted butter, 4 12 ounces white chocolate, roughly chopped, 1 12 tablespoons pistachio compound, 1 ounce pistachios, roughly chopped, 2 pounds dark coating chocolate], title: Turtle Spiders with Coffee and Pistachio Chocolate Spider Eggs, picturelink: OgMBCF1BS6NVHVII..rPMVl8raEG3k.}, 42674: {instructions: Special equipment: heavy gauge aluminum foil, fire pit, and cooking grid or gratenStart fire in pit, make sure fire is hot, and let burn down to glowing coals. Place cooking grid or grate 6 inches above heat.nWash trout thoroughly with cold water. Remove head from trout and burn in fire pit. Tear off a large piece of aluminum foil and place on work surface. Pour olive oil to cover midsection of foil. Place fish on top of oil. Sprinkle seasoned salt and lemon pepper on the top and inside of the trout cavity. Insert butter and sliced onions into the trout cavity. Tightly wrap foil around the trout so that no area is exposed. Place foilwrapped trout onto cooking grid. Cook on each side for 10 minutes or until internal temperature is 120 degrees F. Remove from cooking grid and garnish with parsley, thyme or spinach., ingredients: [1 8 to 10inch whole trout, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons seasoned salt, 2 teaspoons lemon pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, sliced, Parsley, thyme or spinach, for garnish], title: Fire Broiled Trout, picturelink: null}, 42675: {instructions: In a large deep skillet of boiling salted water cook the asparagus for 3 to 7 minutes, or until the stalks are tender but not limp, drain it well, and return it to the skillet. In a bowl whisk together the vinegar, the oils, the chives, and salt and pepper to taste. Pour the dressing over the asparagus, shaking the skillet to coat the asparagus with it, and sprinkle the asparagus with the coarse salt., ingredients: [4 pounds asparagus, trimmed and peeled, 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons walnut oil See Cooks Note, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh chives, Coarse salt to taste], title: Asparagus with WalnutChive Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 42676: {instructions: For the crust: Combine the flour, almonds, sugar and salt in a food processor and blend until the nuts are finely ground. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Pour in the vodka and 1 tablespoon water and pulse until the dough just comes together in a soft dough. Turn the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap, press it into a disc and refrigerate until slightly firm, about 20 minutes.nTurn the dough out into a 9inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Top with a piece of plastic wrap and press the dough out evenly through the plastic wrap on the bottom and up the sides of the pan. Freeze until firm, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Pierce the dough lightly with a fork, and then line the crust with parchment or foil and fill with pie weights, beans or rice. Bake until the crust sets, about 20 minutes. Remove the parchment and beans and then return to the oven until the crust turns a rich golden brown, about 15 minutes longer. Let cool.nFor the apricot and chocolate filling: Combine the apricots, brandy and 14 cup water in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover and microwave for 2 minutes, and then set aside to plump.n5. Put the chocolates in a medium bowl. Heat the halfandhalf in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk together the eggs and sugar in a separate medium bowl, and then gradually whisk in the heated cream. Pour back into the pan and cook, stirring constantly with a heatproof spatula, over mediumlow heat until thick, about 1 minute. Pour the mixture over the chocolate, let set for 5 minutes, and then whisk in the butter until very smooth.nBlend the apricots and their liquid with the vanilla in a mini food processor until very smooth. Spread 34 cup of the mixture over the bottom of the crust. Top with the chocolate mixture. Cover loosely and refrigerate until set, about 3 hours or up to overnight.nMeanwhile, whip the cream until it barely holds soft peaks. Whisk in the remaining apricot mixture to make a smooth thick cream. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. To serve, pipe or spoon small dollops of the cream around the edge of the crust., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup raw whole peeled almonds, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons vodka, 1 cup dried apricots about 7 ounces, 14 cup brandy or cognac, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 4 ounces good quality semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 cup halfandhalf, 3 large egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla paste or extract, 13 cup heavy cream], title: Chocolate Apricot Tart, picturelink: null}, 42677: {instructions: Preheat oven 450u00b0 Spread 1 tablesoon I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread on large baking sheet. In a food processor, process cauliflower until consistency of rice. Remove from food processor, strain and squeeze excess water. Combine strained cauliflower with 1 egg and u00be cup mozzarella cheese. Pat into a 14inch circle on baking sheet. Bake on the middle rack, 3540 minutes until golden brown. Meanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon Spread in a nonstick pan over medium high heat. Add vegetables and turkey bacon. Cook until vegetables are tender and bacon is crisp remove and set aside. Melt remaining 1 tablespoon Spread in skillet and scramble the 3 remaining eggs. Top cooked crust with cooked vegetables, bacon, scrambled eggs and remaining u00bc cup cheese. Broil until golden brown. Sprinkle with basil just before serving., ingredients: [3 Tbsp. I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread, divided, 2 bags 12 oz. ea. frozen cauliflower florets, cooked according to package directions, 4 eggs, divided, 1 cup low fat mozzarella cheese, divided, 2 tsp. dried Italian seasoning, 2 cups sliced assorted vegetables, such as peppers, onions and mushrooms, 4 slices turkey bacon, chopped, 1 Tbsp. thinly sliced fresh basil leavesoptional], title: California Cauliflower Breakfast Pizza, picturelink: j14B3EtoRxC3uLt8O3nIbaEq.Pn8m}, 42678: {instructions: Preheat your grill to high.nWhisk together the paprika, cumin, mustard, fennel, pepper and salt in a small bowl.nBrush the chicken with a few teaspoons of oil on both sides. Rub the breasts on the skin side with some of the rub and place on the grill, rub side down. Grill until golden brown and slightly charred, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn the breasts over and continue cooking until just cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a platter and immediately drizzle with some of the ParsleyMint Sauce. Let rest 5 minutes. Serve with additional sauce on the side.nPlace the mint, parsley, garlic and serranos in a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. Add the honey and mustard and process until combined. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified.nTransfer the mixture to a bowl and whisk in a few tablespoons of cold water to thin to a saucelike consistency. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Spanish paprika, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, ground, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds, ground, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, ground, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 8ounce boneless chicken breasts, Olive oil, ParsleyMint Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups tightly packed fresh mint leaves, 34 cup tightly packed fresh flatleaf parsley, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 serrano chiles, grilled, peeled, chopped, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 cup olive oil, Water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spanish Spice Rubbed Chicken Breasts with ParsleyMint Sauce, picturelink: Pm6z14VinKuA0FtJrY87u4UJvYdJvO}, 42679: {instructions: In a medium pot, cook the bacon over mediumlow heat until crispy, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove to a plate lined with a paper towel to drain, then eat the bacon as a snack.nAdd the onions to the pot with the bacon grease and cook over mediumlow heat until the onions start to caramelize, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook another 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring occasionally, another 3 minutes. Whisk in the stock, sugar, vinegar, cumin, cayenne, salt and pepper and bring to a simmer. Cook until thickened, 15 to 20 minutes.nLet cool to room temperature before using. This sauce is great on brisket or beef ribs., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, 12 cup finely diced onions, 2 cloves garlic, minced, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 cup beef stock, 12 cup loosely packed brown sugar, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 to 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet and Spicy BBQ Sauce Texas Style, picturelink: sRj6PH1jtAsH9tpXA2WTWikwG6Ht.oG}, 42680: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 6inch ring molds acetate bandnAssembly: Line 2 6inch ring molds with acetate band. Line rings with strips of biscuit joconde. Place a circle of chocolate biscuit on bottom of rings. Divide mango filling between rings. Top each ring with 7 tablespoons of mousse and top with a chocolate meringue disc. Fill rings with mousse and freeze for 15 minutes. Top with additional mousse and freeze. Unmold and spray with chocolate and refrigerate.nCombine almond flour, confectioners sugar and flour. Add eggs and whip on high speed for 10 minutes. In a separate bowl, whip egg whites to soft peaks. Gradually add sugar and whip to medium peaks. Fold in egg whites. Spread onto 2 parchment lined baking sheets. Bake in a preheated 400degree oven for 7 minutes, cool and cut into 1inch strips.nUsing a paddle attachment on medium speed, cream butter, confectioners sugar and cocoa powder until fluffy about 5 minutes. Gradually add yolks and eggs, continue to mix until combined. Add warm chocolate. Whip egg whites to soft peaks, add sugar gradually and whip into stiff peaks. Fold egg whites into chocolate mixture. Spread onto 2 sheet pans lined with parchment paper. Bake in a preheated 375degree oven for 9 minutes. Cool and cut into 5 12inch circles.nCombine mango and lime juice, set aside. Caramelize sugar, add butter, mango and vanilla. Saute for 2 minutes, cool completely.nWhip egg whites into soft peaks. Cook sugar, corn syrup and water until 240 degrees Fahrenheit. Slowly add sugar and continue to whip on high speed into stiff peaks, set aside. Combine purees and bring to a boil. Ribbon yolks and sugar, temper with purees and cook until 185 degrees F. Add gelatin, strain, cool and fold in half of the whipped cream. Fold remaining cream into egg whites. Fold mixtures together and use immediately.nWhip egg whites to soft peaks. Cook sugar, corn syrup and water to 240 degrees F. Slowly add sugar to egg whites and continue to whip into stiff peaks. Fold in cocoa powder. Pipe 8 spiral 6inch circles onto parchment lined baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 212degree oven for 1 hour. Cool and spread both sides with cocoa butter.nCombine warm cocoa butter and coloring. Pour over chocolate and stir. Strain and place in spray gun, use immediately., ingredients: [1 Biscuit joconde, recipe follows, 2 Chocolate biscuit, recipe follows, 3 Mango filling, recipe follows, 4 Passion fruit mousse, recipe follows, 5 Chocolate meringue, recipe follows, 6 Chocolate spray, recipe follows, 2 cups almond flour, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups eggs, 1 34 cups egg whites, 6 tablespoons sugar, 3 sticks butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 18 cup cocoa powder, sifted, 12 egg yolks, 5 eggs, 2 cups, 64 percent bitter chocolate, melted, 3 cups egg whites 21 egg whites, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 34 cups mango, diced, 1 lime, juiced, 6 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 vanilla bean, scraped, 2 egg whites, 5 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons corn syrup, 1ounce water, 1 18 cups passion fruit puree, 12 cup apricot puree, 4 egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons gelatin, 1 18 cups heavy cream, whipped, 34cup egg whites 5 egg whites, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup corn syrup, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, sifted, 7 tablespoons cocoa butter, melted and cooled, 1 14 cups cocoa butter, melted, Pinch red coloring, powdered, 1 14 cups milk chocolate, melted, 34 cup bitter chocolate, melted], title: Passionfruit Mousse Cake, picturelink: null}, 42681: {instructions: Mix together the turkey, parsley, cumin, paprika, garlic, shallots and egg yolk in a large bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and mix. Divide the turkey mixture into 12 equal portions and, using your hands, shape into 12 small burgers about 3 12 inches wide.nHeat the oil in a pan and cook the burgers until a thermometer inserted into the center registers 165 degrees F, about 3 minutes per side.nServe the burgers on the mini buns with the lettuce, tomato and onions. Garnish with mayonnaise, mustard and ketchup to your liking., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground turkey, 13 cup fresh parsley, minced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 shallots, minced, 1 egg yolk, Sea salt, Freshly cracked pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 mini burger buns or small soft dinner rolls, warmed in the oven, 12 small lettuce leaves, 12 slices tomato, 1 cup thinly sliced red onions, Mayonnaise, Mustard, Ketchup], title: Turkey Burger Sliders, picturelink: null}, 42682: {instructions: Heat oil in a medium saucepan on side burners or grates of the grill. Add onion and garlic and cook until soft. Add red pepper flakes and cook for 1 minute. Add remaining ingredients, season with salt and pepper and cook until sauce has thickened, about 25 to 30 minutes. Season steaks on both sides with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Turn over and continue grilling for 4 to 5 minutes for mediumrare doneness. Baste with the sauce during the last few minutes. Remove from the grill and brush with more of the sauce. Let meat rest for 5 minutes then slice into 14inch thick slices.nPreheat a grill. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the cherry peppers with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Spread the peppers on a sheet pan and roast for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the skin is blistered. Set aside to cool slightly. Remove the stems and seeds from the cherry peppers and roughly chop. Drizzle the red and yellow peppers with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill and cook until the skin is starting to blacken and blister. Remove from the grill and set aside to cool for 15 minutes. Roughly chop the peppers. In a bowl, combine the cherry peppers, red and yellow tomatoes, parsley, and Basil Vinaigrette. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve. Yield: 4 servingsnCombine all ingredients and blend until smooth. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 3 cups canned plum tomatoes, pureed, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 porterhouse steaks, about 16 ounces each, 12 pound cherry peppers, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 red pepper, cored and cut into quarters, 1 yellow pepper, cored and cut into quarters, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 14 cup Basil Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup olive oil], title: Porterhouse Steak with Fra Diavolo BBQ Sauce and Cherry Peppers in Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 42683: {instructions: Pastry Dough: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Lightly oil a 9inch pie plate.nMix the flour, salt and oil thoroughly, using a fork to incorporate the ingredients. Slowly add the rice milk and stir to form a stiff dough. Gather it into a ball and knead for 2 minutes. Roll out thinly between sheets of waxed paper to form a 10inch circle. Lay it over the prepared pie plate, pressing it down to eliminate any air pockets. Crimp edges. Prick the pastry with a fork and bake for 10 minutes. Allow the crust to completely cool before filling.nPecan Surprise: Combine the sweetener and corn oil in a saucepan and cook until foamy. Quickly stir in the pecans. Spread evenly over the bottom of the pie crust and set aside at room temperature.nPumpkin Filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Combine all of the ingredients in a food processor. Process for about 3 minutes. Pour the filling into the prepared crust and bake for 50 minutes. Garnish the edge of the pie with whole toasted pecans. Let the pie cool and serve. This pie is also delicious served chilled, allowing the pie to rest about 10 minutes after you pull it from the refrigerator before eating insures optimum flavor.nTOFU WHIPPED CREME:In a food processor or blender, combine all ingredients until smooth. Add water if necessary to achieve a whipped cream consistency. Refrigerate until needed. Yield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [1 12 cups of whole wheat pastry flour, 14 teaspoon of sea salt, 14 cup of corn oil, less may be needed, 14 cup of cold rice milk or water, 13 cup of barley malt or maple syrup, 2 tablespoons of corn oil, 12 cup pecans, chopped, Whole toasted pecans for garnish, 1 pound of firm tofu, 1 16ounce can of pumpkin puree do not use fresh pumpkin because it is too watery, 1 cup of maple syrup, 1 tablespoon of barley malt or molasses, 12 teaspoon of sea salt, 1 teaspoon of pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon of ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 pound of firm tofu, 12 pound of silken tofu, 14 cup of maple syrup, 1 tablespoon of pure vanilla extract, 1 to 2 tablespoons of water, A few grains of sea salt], title: Tofu Pumpkin Pie with Pecan Surprises and Tofu Creme, picturelink: null}, 42684: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 6inch wooden skewers, soaked in cold water for at least 1 hournWhisk together the radish puree, mirin, sake, oil, soy and hot sauce in a large bowl. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 and up to 8 hours.nPreheat a charcoal grill or kamadostyle ceramic charcoal cooker for direct grilling over high heat.nUsing 2 skewers for each chicken thigh, thread the edges of the meat onto the skewers. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until charred and cooked through, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board.nWhisk together the oil, rice vinegar, soy, lime juice and sugar in a large bowl and season with pepper. Pour some over the mizuna, toss to coat and mound in a large shallow serving bowl. Toss the noodles with the remaining dressing and mound in the center of the mizuna.nCut the chicken thighs in half down the middle between the skewers to make kebabs. Arrange the skewers spokelike around the mizuna, chicken toward the center, drizzle with additional hot sauce and serve., ingredients: [14 cup pureed daikon radish, 13 cup mirin, 13 cup sake, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, Few dashes hot sauce, such as Tabasco, plus more for serving, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 4 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 2 teaspoons sugar, 8 ounces rice noodles, cooked according to directions, shocked in cold water and drained well, 8 ounces mizuna], title: Chicken Yakitori, picturelink: zboVkAuh47LSjijNWTvrF1XXixpb6ue}, 42685: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a pitcher, combine the Simple Syrup, vodka, lime juice, and club soda. Pour into icefilled glasses and garnish with mint sprigs.nIn a small saucepan, over medium heat, combine the sugar, water, and mint leaves. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool for 20 minutes. Strain before using, pressing on the mint leaves to extract as much syrup as possible., ingredients: [1 12 cups Mint Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 cup vodka, chilled, 14 cup fresh lime juice from 2 to 3 large limes, 1 cup club soda, chilled, Ice, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 packed cup fresh mint leaves], title: Vodka Mojito, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 42686: {instructions: Combine the beets, tomatoes, garlic, cloves, 4 cups water, the chicken broth, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low simmer until the beets are tender, about 30 minutes.nWorking in batches, puree the soup in a blender until smooth transfer to a large bowl. Whisk in 12 cup yogurt and season with salt and pepper. Let the soup cool slightly, then cover and refrigerate until cold, about 2 hours.nMix the remaining 34 cup yogurt with the horseradish in a small bowl season with salt. Thin the soup with a little water, if necessary. Serve in shot glasses top with the horseradish yogurt and dill.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [1 pound beets, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 small clove garlic, minced, Pinch of ground cloves, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 cups plain wholemilk yogurt, 1 tablespoon horseradish, Fresh dill or mint, for topping], title: Chilled Beet Soup Shooters, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 42687: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large saucepan milk, butter, chocolate, espresso powder and cinnamon over moderately low heat, whisking, until butter and chocolate melt and mixture is smooth. In a bowl whisk together the eggs, sugar, vanilla and salt. Whisk in the bread crumbs and pour in the hot milk in a stream, whisking constantly. Pour the mixture into a buttered 6cup baking dish and bake for 45 minutes, or until pudding is set in the middle and a tester comes out clean. Allow the pudding to cool for 15 minutes and serve warm garnished with whipped cream and chocolate shavings., ingredients: [4 cups milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 12 teaspoon cinnamon or 12 cinnamon stick, 2 large eggs, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Dash of salt, 2 cups fresh bread crumbs, Whipped cream and chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: Chocolate Silk Pudding, picturelink: null}, 42688: {instructions: Whisk the juice, sugar eggs and yolks together in a saucepan, being careful not to aerate it too much. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly but gently with the whisk. Cook until it thickens and the whisk leaves light lines it will still be quite liquid. Do not let it boil. Strain it into a bowl and press plastic wrap onto the hot surface.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F. Invert a 10inch cake pan over the dough towards the edge of the tray so you waste a minimum amount of dough and press. Lift off and use a pizza cutter to cut around the imprint of the circle. Lift the circle of dough out and place on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Dock it. Center the round metal bottom of 9inch tart mold over the dough and press. Cut around at 1inch intervals to form a decorative fringe. Weigh the metal bottom down with heavy objects. I place an 8inch cake pan on top and fill it with stacked tartlet molds  about 3 12 pounds worth.nBake about 18 minutes, until the edges are golden, then remove the weights and metal tart bottom. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F. and bake for another 5 to 7 minutes, until the center is golden. Remove from oven and spread the lemon curd evenly in the center. Put back in the oven for 2 to 3 minutes to set the filling. Remove from oven and scatter the berries around the outside edge of the lemon filling. Serve within an hour. Cut with a pizza wheel., ingredients: [Sheet tray of 38inch thick puff, frozen, 23 cup fresh squeezed strained lemon juice, 12 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup blueberries], title: Lemon Blueberry Puff Tart, picturelink: null}, 42689: {instructions: Whisk the eggs, 14 cup sugar, the milk, orange zest, orange juice and vanilla in a large bowl. Put the croissants in an 8inchsquare baking dish, squeezing them in to fit in a single layer. Pour the egg mixture over the croissants, then put a plate on top and press down to keep them submerged. Let soak in the refrigerator, at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the plate from the croissants, cover the baking dish with aluminum foil and bake until set, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and turn on the broiler. Uncover the baking dish, sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and broil until the sugar is bubbling in spots, about 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix the marmalade with 14 cup water in a small microwavesafe bowl microwave until warm, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve on the side.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [3 large eggs, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup whole milk, Grated zest of 1 orange, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 4 croissants, 12 cup orange marmalade], title: Baked Croissant French Toast With Orange Syrup, picturelink: Z4MMHCTEjcUchBCXRDGrBkX2yRoj2V.}, 42690: {instructions: To prepare the steamed grouper, slice the grouper lengthwise into 13s and set aside. Saute the spinach in olive oil in a saute pan and, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cook just until the spinach is wilted. Remove from the heat.nSet up a steamer on the stove.nPlace 1 of the fish layers on a flat surface. Top the first piece with the spinach. Top with another piece of fish, and then the sundried tomatoes. Top with the last piece of fish. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Wrap the fish tightly with plastic wrap and place in the steamer. Steam for 12 to 13 minutes and unwrap.nPrepare all the vegetables and combine them in a mediumsized bowl. Bring the stock to a boil. In a medium bowl, add the couscous and all the veggies. Add the boiling veggie stock and mix the couscous. Quickly cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside for 5 to 6 minutes.nTo make the wheat grass sauce, in a food processor combine the fresh wheat grass, honey, and heavy cream. In a slow stream, add the 3 tablespoons of olive oil and emulsify. Remove the sauce and transfer to a fine mesh strainer and press all liquid through, then add salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste.nServe the fish with wheat grass sauce and veggie couscous., ingredients: [8 ounces grouper, 3 ounces spinach, 2 ounces sundried tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoons olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 red pepper, brunoise, 1 green pepper, brunoise, 1 orange pepper, brunoise, 1 broccoli head, shaved, 2 shallots, diced, 1 cup vegetable stock, 2 cups Moroccan couscous, 1 cup fresh wheat grass, 3 tablespoons honey, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Steamed Grouper served with Veggie Couscous and Sweet Wheat Grass Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42691: {instructions: Place medium sized saute pan over medium heat and add butter and sugar. After mixture has melted, add cream, cinnamon, and nutmeg, to taste. Stir occasionally for 4 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in bananas., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 13 cup brown sugar, 13 cup heavy cream, Ground cinnamon, Ground nutmeg, 1 banana, peeled and sliced], title: Bananas Foster, picturelink: null}, 42692: {instructions: These are great to serve next to Lizzies Granola for brunch.nPreheat the grill on the highest setting.nBrush the peaches with the olive oil, sprinkle with salt and place on the grill, fleshside down. Grill for 1 to 2 minutes without moving. Transfer the peaches to a platter and top each half with a large tablespoon of yogurt, drizzle with honey and top with torn mint., ingredients: [12 slightly firm peaches, halved and pitted, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Pinch sea salt, 2 cups thick Greek yogurt, 14 cup honey, 12 cup torn fresh mint leaves], title: Grilled Peaches with Honey, Yogurt and Mint, picturelink: null}, 42693: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCoat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, combine chicken, cheese, tomato sauce, liquid smoke, and hot sauce. Mix well and set aside.nRoll dough out, using a rolling pin, to a 12inch circle. Spread chicken mixture over half of circle, to within 1inch of the edge. Fold over untopped side so that it meets the other side, forming a half moon. Pinch the edges together to seal.nTransfer calzone to prepared baking sheet and brush the top with olive oil. Sprinkle the top with Parmesan. Using a sharp knife, make a few slits in the top to allow steam to escape during cooking. Bake 15 minutes, until puffed up and golden brown. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.nWhile the calzone is baking, in a small bowl, combine sour cream, blue cheese and chives.nServe calzone sliced with sour cream dip on the side., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 reserved chicken breast halves, diced, about 2 cups, 1 cup mozzarella cheese, shredded, 23 cup reserved tomato sauce, 1 teaspoon liquid smoke, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 pound fresh or frozen pizza or bread dough, thawed according to package directions, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 cup sour cream, 13 cup blue cheese, crumbled, 2 tablespoons fresh chives, chopped], title: Buffalo Chicken Calzone with Blue Cheese Dip, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 42694: {instructions: Combine the beef, hoisin sauce, soy sauce, scallions, half each of the ginger and garlic, and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the beef mixture and cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, 5 minutes.nAdd the mushrooms to the skillet cook, stirring, until wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a bowl. Wipe out the skillet, then heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining ginger and garlic and cook until golden brown and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes set aside.nBring 4 cups water to a boil in a large pot over high heat. Add the bok choy and ramen noodles along with the reserved ramen flavor packet. Cover and cook, stirring halfway through, until the boy choy is wilted and the noodles are tender, about 4 minutes. Add the beefmushroom mixture to the pot and toss to combine. Top each serving with the gingergarlic mixture and the sliced chile.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 pound lean ground beef, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons chopped peeled ginger, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 cups sliced shiitake mushroom caps about 6 ounces, 4 heads baby bok choy, quartered lengthwise, 4 3ounce packages instant ramen noodles preferably spicyflavored, 1 flavor packet reserved, 1 Fresno chile pepper, seeded and thinly sliced lengthwise], title: Spicy Ramen with Beef and Bok Choy, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 42695: {instructions: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment.nWhisk together egg white, salt, cumin, and paprika in a bowl, then add almonds and toss to coat. Spread almonds evenly on baking sheet and roast until golden, about 20 minutes.nTransfer nuts on parchment to a rack and cool completely almonds will crisp as they cool. Loosen nuts from parchment with a spatula and transfer to a bowl., ingredients: [1 large egg white, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon smoked hot or sweet Spanish paprika, 2 cups blanched Marcona almonds 10 ounces, Special equipment: parchment paper], title: Spiced Marcona Almonds, picturelink: null}, 42696: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade, puree bananas until smooth. Add yogurt, sugar, and lemon juice pulse to combine. Remove 12 of the yogurt mixture set aside.nAdd blueberries to processor and pulse until just combined. Layer blueberry and reserved yogurt mixtures into 10 13 cup popsicle molds. Using a wooden skewer, swirl the 2 flavors together. Insert popsicle sticks. Freeze until frozen, about 8 hours.nDip molds quickly in hot water to unmold., ingredients: [3 to 4 ripe bananas 1 pound, 1 12 cups lowfat yogurt, recommended: Stonyfield Farm BaNilla or your favorite flavored yogurt, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 cup fresh blueberries, Hot water, for unmolding], title: BananaBlueberry Swirl Popsicles, picturelink: null}, 42697: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: Combine the vinegar, honey, mustard and garlic in a large bowl. While whisking, drizzle in the olive oil so it lightly emulsifies. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nFor the couscous: Heat the chicken broth in a pot over mediumhigh heat. Set another large pot over high heat and add the couscous. Allow the couscous to brown while you toss and stir it, about 5 minutes. When it is done it will be lightly browned and fragrant. Season the couscous with salt. Add the heated chicken broth to the couscous and shut off the heat. Cover and allow to stand for 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the lid and fluff the couscous with a fork.nAdd the chopped vegetables to the vinaigrette and toss to coat everything evenly. Fold in the couscous and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, minced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups couscous, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups cherry tomatoes, quartered, 34 cup crumbled feta, 14 cup rough chopped fresh Italian parsley, 4 scallions, finely sliced, 1 hothouse cucumber, seeded and chopped, 1 small red onion, diced], title: Toasted Couscous Salad, picturelink: gcTbMpYeCPbQFvnE7kk08BfSmGaeLi}, 42698: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill.nCoat the chicken with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the chicken directly over the hottest part of the grill to sear. Once seared on both sides remove to a cooler part of the grill. Baste both sides with barbecue sauce and cover the grill. Cook until the internal temperature of the chicken is 165 degrees F.nPreheat grill.nToss the onion, red bell pepper, and apples in the peanut oil to coat. Place on the grill for about 15 minutes. Remove and roughly chop.nIn a large pot on a hot grill add the chopped vegetables and the rest of the ingredients. Simmer for 20 minutes.nRemove and puree until smooth.nYield: 3 quarts, ingredients: [1 whole chicken, butterflied, Olive oil, for coating, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, Peanut oil, 3 red onions, sliced into 12 inch rounds, 3 red bell peppers, cored, 2 apples, cored and quartered, 2 cups red wine vinegar, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 cups molasses, 3 12 cups ketchup, 1 cup tomato paste, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 8 Thai chilies, stemmed], title: Barbecue Chicken, picturelink: fI1n6QeeosZR4CkDWJe9YAjhhnoPey}, 42699: {instructions: Heat the olive oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, carrots, celery, mushrooms, garlic, half the salt, and oregano. Cook until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook until mushrooms are soft and tomato paste has turned brick red, about 8 minutes more. Stir in the beef, the broth, the remaining salt, the Worcestershire, and some pepper, breaking up any large clumps of meat, cook until the meat is no longer pink, about 3 minutes.nTransfer the meat and vegetables to a 2quart oval casserole dish and spread the mashed potatoes over the top, leaving a 14inch boarder around the edge. Make a decorative pattern on the top of the potatoes, if desired. Sprinkle with cheese, if using, and dot with the remaining tablespoon of butter. Bake until potatoes brown and the juices bubble around the edge, about 40 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes before serving.nPut the potatoes in a saucepan with cold water to cover by about 1inch and add the salt. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, uncovered, until the potatoes are tender but not mushy, about 15 minutes. At the same time, combine the milk and butter in a small saucepan and warm over low heat until the butter is melted. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm.nDrain the potatoes and return to the saucepan. Toss the potatoes over medium heat until dry. Add the heated milk mixture and mash the potatoes until just slightly chunky, then stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, diced, 3 medium carrots, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 rib celery, thinly sliced, 12 pound cremini mushrooms, quartered, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 teaspoon dried oregano, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 pound ground beef, 12 cup canned low sodium beef broth, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 4 cups Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 14 cup grated Parmesan, optional, 34 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds russet potatoes, peeled quartered, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Beef Shepherds Pie, picturelink: null}, 42700: {instructions: With a mortar and pestle mash 3 of the garlic cloves and the salt to a paste. In a glass baking dish combine the paste, lime juice, 3 tablespoons of the oil, cumin seed, jalapenos, and pepper. Add the steak and let marinate at room temperature, turning twice, for 2 hours. The steak can be marinated and kept refrigerated, covered, overnight.nIn a large skillet cook the bell peppers and onions with salt and pepper to taste in the remaining 2 tablespoons oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until tender. Add the remaining garlic clove, minced, and cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the coriander. Toss to combine and keep warm on a platter.nDrain the steak and pat dry. Cook on a preheated grill pan for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare meat. Transfer it to a cutting board and let it stand for 3 minutes. Cut diagonally into pieces and transfer with any accumulated juices to the platter. Wrap the steak and vegetable mixture in the tortillas and serve with salsa and guacamole., ingredients: [4 garlic cloves, or to taste, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 tablespoon toasted and ground cumin seed, 1 to 2 fresh jalapeno peppers, minced, or to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 2 12 pounds skirt steak, 2 large red, yellow, and green bell peppers, cut into strips, 1 large red onion, halved lengthwise and cut into strips, 18 cup minced fresh cilantro leaves, 16 warm flour tortillas, store bought, Tomato salsa and chunky guacamole, as accompaniments], title: Fajitas with Peppers and Red Onions, picturelink: null}, 42701: {instructions: Combine the pineapple juice, pineapple, chile and tequila in a blender and blend until smooth. Serve over ice in a tall glass. Garnish with a pineapple wedge and serve., ingredients: [1 cup fresh pineapple juice, 12 cup chopped fresh pineapple, 1 Fresno chile, chopped, 3 ounces tequila recommended: Hornitos Reposada, Ice cubes, Pineapple, for garnish], title: Pineapple Chile Margarita, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 42702: {instructions: Wash and dry eggplants. Peel garlic and set aside. If the cloves are very large, cut in half. Make multiple 12inch slits in the eggplant and stud with garlic. Push towards the center of the eggplant so the garlic is not sticking out. When done, coat eggplant with olive oil and sprinkle with salt.nPlace in the center of the cooking grate until the eggplants have collapsed and are soft. You will need to turn occasionally. This will take approximately 30 minutes, depending on the size of the eggplants. When very soft, cut in half and scrape flesh and garlic from skin. Mash with a fork and mix in enough olive oil to make creamy. Season with salt, pepper and parsley. Serve with pita wedges or flatbread., ingredients: [3 eggplants, 1 head garlic, Olive oil, Kosher or sea salt, 14 cup parsley, minced, Pepper], title: Grilled Garlic Eggplant Dip, picturelink: null}, 42703: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Scrub the potatoes well and cut them in half. In a bowl combine the potatoes with the olive oil, garlic, salt and pepper, tossing to coat. Arrange the potatoes in a roasting pan in a single layer and sprinkle with 14 cup water. Roast the potatoes for 45 minutes or until the potatoes and garlic are tender and golden brown. In a serving bowl toss the potatoes and garlic with the Parmesan and parsley., ingredients: [1 pound Red Bliss potatoes, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 head garlic broken into cloves and peeled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup water, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley], title: Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 42704: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, whisk the honey and vinegar until wellblended. Stir in the pepper. Add the strawberries and stir gently to coat with the syrup. Let stand for 5 to 10 minutes at room temperature. Stir in the banana. Serve the fruit and syrup in shallow dessert bowls or stemmed goblets., ingredients: [5 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 pint strawberries, hulled and halved, 1 banana, sliced], title: Strawberries in Balsamic Pepper Syrup, picturelink: null}, 42705: {instructions: Preheat the broiler to low. In a small bowl, mix the butter, mayonnaise and cheese, then season with salt and pepper.nCut the baguette in half both crossways and horizontally. Evenly spread cheese mixture on the bread. Place on a baking sheet and broil until golden, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 baguette], title: Crusty Parmesan Bread, picturelink: nkWWYrtRd9ZcWyNZFe9Nha96p7kxa}, 42706: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag fitted with the No.234 grass or hair tipnCut and assemble the cake on a 13by9inch cake board according to the diagram, using American Buttercream frosting to adhere the cake pieces together. Frost the entire cake with a thin and even coating of American Buttercream. Refrigerate so the frosting can set, about 1 hour.nDye the remaining American Buttercream using gel food coloring in the color you would like your dog to be. Place into a pastry bag fitted with a large grass tip and pipe fur all over the cake. Roll the white fondant into two 2inch discs. Roll the black fondant into two small balls, then flatten each slightly and place 1 into the center of each white disc adhere with a dab of water. Stick to the cake where you want to place the eyes. Make a teardrop with a 2inch round of the black fondant, pinching to create nostrils stick to the cake. Finish with an oval shape with the pink fondant, using the back of a paring knife to create a center line in the tongue stick to the cake board coming from the dogs mouth.nFor the vanilla cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray the bottom and sides of four 8inch round cake pans with nonstick cooking spray dust with flour, and tap out the excess. Line 3 regular muffin cups and 1 mini muffin cup with paper liners.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside. Beat the butter, sugar and oil in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light in color and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time. Beat in the vanilla until combined.nTransfer the creamed mixture to a very large mixing bowl, then alternate folding in the flour mixture and the milk with a spatula, adding the flour in 3 additions and the milk in 2, starting and ending with the flour, just until smooth. Fill the 3 muffin cups and 1 mini muffin cup halfway with batter. Divide the remaining batter evenly among the prepared cake pans.nBake, rotating the cake pans halfway through, until a toothpick comes out clean, 8 minutes for the mini cupcake, 11 minutes for the regular, and 30 to 35 minutes for the cakes. Cool the cakes in the pans on a rack for 10 minutes, then remove the cakes to the rack to cool completely.nFor the chocolate cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray four 8inch cake pans with nonstick cooking spray and dust with flour, then line the bottoms with parchment. Line 3 regular muffin cups and 1 mini muffin cup with paper liners.nWhisk together the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt together in a large bowl.nBeat together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the eggs, one at time, and beat until incorporated. Add the sour cream and continue to beat until fully incorporated. Add the vanilla. Transfer the mixture to a large mixing bowl.nStir together the hot water and instant espresso powder in a spouted measuring cup. Whisk the dry ingredients by hand into the wet ingredients in 2 additions, alternating with the espresso and mixing just until fully incorporated.nFill the 3 muffin cups and 1 mini muffin cup halfway with batter. Divide the remaining batter evenly among the 4 prepared cake pans. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 8 minutes for the mini cupcake, 11 minutes for the regular cupcakes and 30 to 35 minutes for the cakes rotate the pans halfway through. Cool the cakes in the pans on a rack for 10 minutes, then remove the cakes to the rack to cool completely.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the butter, powdered sugar, vanilla, salt and milk. Whip the mixture on low speed for a while. When the sugar is incorporated, turn the mixer speed up and whip until the buttercream is smooth. Add milk until desired consistency is reached., ingredients: [1 recipe Chocolate or Vanilla Cake, recipes follow, 2 recipes American Buttercream, recipe follows, Gel food coloring of your choice, for dyeing American Buttercream, Small piece white fondant, Small piece black fondant, Small piece pink fondant, Nonstick cooking spray, 5 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pans, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 10 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups milk, Nonstick cooking spray, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pans, 23 cup cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 sticks 2 cups butter, softened, 4 cups granulated sugar, 6 extralarge eggs, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 2 cups hot water, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 4 sticks 2 cups butter, softened, 6 cups powdered sugar, 1 to 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract or any other flavor you want, or none, Pinch kosher salt, 14 cup whole milk], title: 3D Dog Cake, picturelink: Sor.Dj8jLtXtqbqGKb0AomQcUGH1Q6}, 42707: {instructions: Heat oil to mediumhigh heat in large, flat skillet. Rinse fish in cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Combine flour and cornmeal together and set aside in large bowl. Combine egg, milk and water in a medium size bowl and whip together. Dip fish into milk mixture and then coat with cornmeal mixture.nCarefully lay fillets in the hot oil from front to back, being careful not to splash. Using tongs to do this is recommended. The oil should just cover the fish. Cook fish until golden brown, this should take about 4 to 7 minutes depending on your stove. To check doneness, break open fillet: it should be white all the way through, with no transparency. Serve with Spicy Sauce and wedge of lemon.nCombine all ingredients thoroughly., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable oil, 8 ounces fresh white fish, 2 cups flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 egg, 1 cup milk, 12 cup water, Spicy Sauce, recipe follows, 1 lemon, cut into wedges, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sweet relish or dill relish, 13 cup grated onion, 4 dashes hot red pepper sauce, 2 teaspoons blackening seasoning], title: Flanders Fish n Chips, picturelink: null}, 42708: {instructions: For the steak: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine the salt, sugar, porcini powder, pimenton, garlic powder and cayenne pepper in a bowl, using your fingers to make sure all the ingredients are evenly distributed. Rub the outsides of each steak generously with the rub, and then let sit 20 minutes. Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nWhen the grill pan is very hot, cook the steaks until well charred on both sides. Transfer to a sheet tray in the oven, 5 minutes, and then remove and let rest in a warm spot, 10 minutes. Cut the steaks off the bones, and slice on the bias across the grain.nFor the bagna cauda sauce: Heat the olive oil, red pepper flakes, anchovies and garlic in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook, 10 minutes. At the last minute before serving, whisk in the butter, 2 pats at a time, waiting for the butter to almost melt before incorporating more. Spoon the sauce into ramekins.nDrizzle the steak with extravirgin olive oil and serve immediately with the Bagna Cauda, garnished with parsley. Plate the Porcini Hash topped with a poached egg and Roasted Cauliflower, and stack the Tuscan Kale Chips on a plate. Serve alongside the steaks.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Toss the cauliflower with olive oil and season with salt. Spread out on a sheet pan and roast until the cauliflower is golden and tender, 10 to 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the kale in a bowl, drizzle lightly with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss to evenly coat the leaves, and then arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake until just crisp, about 8 minutes.nHeat the olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot, cook the mushrooms until golden brown, about 8 minutes, and then pour in the white wine and reduce until evaporated. Season with salt and remove from the heat.nBring a large pot of water to boil. Add in the white vinegar and reduce to a simmer. Carefully break and add the eggs and poach, about 3 minutes. Remove from the water with a slotted spoon or spider, drain slightly over the water, and tap on a paper towel to remove any excess water. Sprinkle lightly with salt., ingredients: [3 tablespoons kosher salt, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons porcini mushroom powder, 2 teaspoons pimenton smoked Spanish paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Oil, for brushing grill, Three 24 to 28ounce bonein porterhouse steaks, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Pinch red pepper flakes, 5 anchovy fillets, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pats, Fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish, Roasted Cauliflower, for serving, recipe follows, Tuscan Kale Chips, for serving, recipe follows, Porcini Hash and Poached Egg, for serving, recipe follows, 2 large heads cauliflower, cut into 12inch slices, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 15 leaves Tuscan kale, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound porcini mushrooms, quartered, 12 cup white wine, Kosher salt, Splash white vinegar, 4 eggs], title: Dry Rubbed Porterhouse Steak With Bagna Cauda Sauce, Roasted Cauliflower, Porcini Hash and Poached Egg, and Tuscan Kale Chips, picturelink: null}, 42709: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch ovenproof casserole dish.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until tender a little more than al dente, about 12 minutes. Drain well in a colander.nIn a large bowl, combine the macaroni, cheese, milk and eggs. Add some salt and pepper. Transfer to the prepared dish.nBake until golden brown and bubbly, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups elbow macaroni, 8 ounces grated extrasharp Cheddar about 2 cups, 2 cups milk, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Classic Southern Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: X4A69rODdAgDvn.06wNvk0el8eMokba}, 42710: {instructions: In a small heavy skillet cook onion, bell pepper, and garlic in butter over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened. In a bowl mash onethird beans with a fork and stir in remaining beans, onion mixture, bread crumbs, egg, coriander, salt, and pepper to taste.nForm mixture into four 4inch patties. Mixture will be wet and soft. Gently dredge patties in cornmeal and transfer to a large plate lined with plastic wrap.nIn a heavy skillet heat 14inch oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook patties in 2 batches 1 12 minutes on each side, transferring to paper towels to drain.nServe bean cakes with salsa recipe follows, ingredients: [14 cup finely chopped onion, 14 cup finely chopped green bell pepper, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 19ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained about 1 23 cups, 13 cup fine dry bread crumbs, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 3 tablespoons fresh coriander leaves, chopped fine, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, Vegetable oil for frying], title: Panfried Black Bean Coriander Cakes, picturelink: null}, 42711: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRub the potatoes with some olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Put the potatoes on a foillined baking sheet and bake until the insides are soft and the outsides are crisp, 1 hour to 1 hour 30 minutes the baking time will depend on the size of your potatoes.nCarefully split the potatoes lengthwise and scoop out the contents into the bowl of a stand mixer reserve the potato skins on the baking sheet. Add the blue cheese, hot sauce, cream cheese, jalapenos and some salt and pepper to the mixer bowl and mix until combined using the paddle attachment.nSpoon the mixture into the potato skins, then top with the Cheddar. Bake until the contents are warmed through and the Cheddar is melted, 15 to 20 minutes.nDrizzle the potatoes with the ranch dressing and top with the chopped chives. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 russet potatoes, Extravirgin olive oil, for oiling the potatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups crumbled blue cheese, 23 cup hot sauce, such as Franks, 4 ounces cream cheese, 2 jalapenos, finely chopped, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 14 cup storebought ranch dressing, 5 chives, thinly sliced], title: Buffalo Twice Baked Potatoes, picturelink: L7ivG2c62fIIYezaG1tIMPgoaXI7svG}, 42712: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil, and salt generously. Add the pasta, and boil according to package directions until al dente, tender but still slightly firm. Strain, and toss with a splash of oil.nMeanwhile, arrange the shrimp in a single layer on a large pie pan or paper plate, and pat them with a paper towel until completely dry. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat, and add 2 tablespoons of the butter. When the butter melts, raise the heat to mediumhigh, and invert the plate of shrimp over the skillet so the shrimp fall into the pan all at once. Cook the shrimp, without moving them, until the underside is pink, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip the shrimp, and cook until fully pink and cooked through, about 2 minutes more. Transfer the shrimp to a bowl.nReduce the heat to medium, and add the remaining 6 tablespoons butter. Scrape the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon to release any browned bits. When the butter has mostly melted, whisk in the cream and nutmeg and bring to a simmer, then cook for 2 minutes. Lower the heat to keep the sauce warm.nWhisk the ParmigianoReggiano into the sauce. Add the shrimp and cooked pasta, and toss well. Season with salt and pepper. Serve hot in heated bowls., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces fettuccine, Olive oil, for tossing, 34 pound large shrimp about 16, shelled and deveined, tails removed, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 pinches freshly grated nutmeg, 1 12 cups freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese], title: Shrimp Fettuccine Alfredo, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 42713: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: ice creammakernBring 2 cups water and the figs to a simmer in heavy small saucepan over high heat. Cover and reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, turning occasionally, until the figs are very tender, about 30 minutes. Transfer the figs and 12 cup of the cooking liquid to a food processor or add some water to make 12 cup. Blend until the figs are pureed and no large lumps remain. Transfer to a small bowl, cover and chill. Fig puree can be made 1 week ahead.nWhisk the whipping cream, sugar, maple syrup, salt and egg yolks in a heavy large saucepan until blended. Whisk over medium heat until the custard thickens enough to coat a spoon and the temperature registers 170 degrees F to 180 degrees F, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and immediately whisk 12 cup of the fig puree into the custard, reserving the remaining fig puree. Transfer the custard to a bowl and chill uncovered until cool, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour. Whisk in the sour cream and brandy.nProcess the custard in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Transfer to a bowl, cover tightly and freeze until firm, at least 6 hours and up to 3 days.nScoop the ice cream into goblets or bowls. Spoon some Brandied MapleFig Sauce on top, sprinkle with pine nuts and serve.nStir the fig puree, maple syrup and brandy in a small bowl until blended. Cover and chill until needed. The sauce can be made 1 day ahead., ingredients: [6 to 9 dried Calimyrna figs, stems trimmed about 4 ounces, 1 13 cups heavy whipping cream, at room temperature, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup pure maple syrup preferably grade B, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon brandy, Brandied MapleFig Sauce, recipe follows, Toasted pine nuts, for garnish, 14 to 13 cup remaining fig puree, 2 to 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup], title: MapleFig Ice Cream, picturelink: Kqpx3VbbBHq3XoIbsvvAGUCRGI7TyK}, 42714: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl, and serve on meat or fish of your choice., ingredients: [14 cup finely chopped cilantro, 14 cup finely chopped mint, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon crumbled dried chile, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Power Pack Cilantro Mint, picturelink: null}, 42715: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the mushrooms. Add the vinegar, olive oil, garlic, thyme, rosemary, shallots, scallions, salt, and pepper. Marinate for 1 hour.nPrepare a hot fire in the grill.nRemove the mushrooms from the marinade and reserve the marinade for later. Place a vegetablefish grill rack on the grate. Place the mushrooms on the rack and grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side. The portobellos may require a bit more time on the grill. When the mushrooms are cooked, transfer to a plate and let cool. Cut them into 12inch pieces and transfer them with any accumulated juices to the reserved balsamic marinade. Toss to coat.nTo prepare malanga, cube 2 pounds and set the remaining 12 pound aside. Add the 2 pounds cubed malanga to a large pot of boiling salted water and boil for 8 to 10 minutes, until the malanga is tender but still holds its shape. Drain, plunge into ice water to stop the cooking, and drain again. Transfer to the bowl with the mushrooms. Add the goat cheese and truffle oil and gently toss to mix all ingredients.nTo prepare the remaining 12 pound malanga, slice very thin using a mandoline, any vegetable slicer, or box grater. Cut the slices crosswise into fine strips with a sharp knife.nIn a mediumsize saute pan, heat the oil to 350 degrees and fry the malanga until golden brown and crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain.nTo serve, spoon the mushroom salad over the tomato slices and sprinkle with the fried malanga., ingredients: [1 pound large shiitake mushroom caps, 3 portobello mushrooms, 1 pound button mushrooms, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 12 cup thinly sliced shallots, 12 cup thinly sliced scallions, white and green parts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds malanga, peeled and sliced 12inch thick, 11 ounces fresh goat cheese, crumbled, 12 cup white truffle oil, 2 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 12 slices ripe, red beefsteak tomatoes], title: Grilled Mushroom and Malanga Salad, picturelink: null}, 42716: {instructions: Heat oil in a large deep frying pan adding chopped onions and fry for 4 to 5 minutes on a medium heat until the onions are slightly brown. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for a further 1 or 2 minutes. Add the salt, turmeric and ground cumin.nTurn up the heat and further cook for another 1 minute then add the chicken. It is very crucial that spices are mixed within the pan at this point and stirred to ensure that the chicken cooks with texture and flavor. Add water after stirring the chicken into the spices. Turn down the heat slightly and stir in the garam masala and cream cook for a further 5 minutes. Serve sprinkled with green coriander., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 teaspoon julienned ginger, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 pound chicken, cooked, 1 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons garam masala, or to taste, 14 pint heavy cream, 2 teaspoons finely chopped coriander], title: CHICKEN KORMA, picturelink: null}, 42717: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough: Put the water and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer and sprinkle the yeast on top let rest until the mixture bubbles, about 5 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the flour and salt in a large bowl to break up any lumps. When the yeast is ready, add the flour mixture and olive oil and mix, using dough hook, on the lowest speed until the dough looks shredded, about 1 to 2 minutes. Increase the speed to medium and continue to mix until the dough is smooth and very elastic, you should be able to stretch it 2 to 3 inches without breaking, about 6 to 10 minutes.nTurn the dough out of the mixer, form it into a ball, and put into a large, oiled mixing bowl. Turn to coat the dough in the oil then cover with a clean, damp dishtowel, and let rest in a warm place until it doubles in size, about 30 to 45 minutes. Alternatively, refrigerate the dough and let rise 12 to 24 hours before using. Punch the dough down and shape as desired.nFor the zucchini: Heat the grill to mediumhigh about 375 degrees F and rub the grate with a towel dipped in oil. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil and the zucchini to a large bowl and toss to coat. Grill the zucchini, covered, turning rarely, until tender and charred, 5 to 7 minutes.nTransfer the cooked zucchini to a bowl and add the red wine vinegar, and red pepper flakes. Season with the salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to coat. Set aside until ready to use.nFor the pizza: Heat the grill to mediumhigh about 375 degrees F and rub the grate with a towel dipped in oil.nOil your hands, put half of the dough about 1 pound on a piece of parchment paper, and press the dough into a rectangle about 14inch thick. Drizzle the dough with oil. Lay the dough, oiled side down, on the grill and remove the parchment paper. Grill the dough until golden brown, toasted, and grill marks form on the bottom, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the dough, brush with 1 tablespoon oil and top with half of the mozzarella. Cover with half of the zucchini and half of the goat cheese. Close the grill, checking and rotating as needed to avoid burning, until dough is lightly charred and cheese is melted, about 8 to 10 minutes.nTransfer the pizza to a cutting board, top with half of the basil leaves, and half of the sundried tomatoes, and serve. Repeat to make a second pizza., ingredients: [1 13 cups water, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 packet 14ounce active dry yeast, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus oil for drizzling, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for grill grate, 2 pounds zucchini, trimmed and cut on bias into 12inch slices, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 ounces partskim mozzarella cheese, sliced into 14inchthick slices, 8 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 16 large basil leaves, torn, 1 cup sundried tomatoes], title: Grilled Zucchini and Herb Pizza, picturelink: W7rwyVrftrJO9y3IF5PmvlcwzQ4Pt.}, 42718: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMake 4 slices across each red onion within a 12 inch of cutting through them. Into these incisions, place 1 piece of bacon and 1 slice of garlic. Place each onion in the center of a piece of foil. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine the thyme, vinegar, oil, salt, and pepper. Spoon over each onion. Bring the corners of the foil up over the onion and twist into a tight package. Place on a sheet tray and bake for 1 hour. Remove from oven and allow to cool slightly before removing foil. To serve, heat by fanning on a hot well oiled grill or in the oven. Serve with a smile., ingredients: [4 medium size red onions, peeled, 4 strips smoked bacon cut into 4 pieces, 4 cloves garlic, each sliced lengthwise into 4 pieces, 4 8 by 8inch pieces aluminum foil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Baked Foil Wrapped Marinated Red Onion, picturelink: null}, 42719: {instructions: Toast salt in a dry, small, heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until the salt turns light tan, about 7 minutes. Transfer salt to a bowl.nToast Szechwan peppercorns in skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Transfer toasted peppercorns to a sheet of waxed paper to cool. Using paper as a funnel, pour toasted peppercorns into an electric coffeespice grinder or a mortar. Add pink peppercorns and pulse or pound with a pestle until finely ground. Pour through a coarse sieve into bowl of salt and stir together.nCook edamame in salted boiling water until tender, about 4 minutes, and immediately transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain in a colander and pat dry.nToss edamame with some peppered salt, to taste, and serve with remainder on the side.nCooks notes: Peppered salt may be made 1 week ahead and kept in an airtight container at cool room temperature. Edamame may be cooked 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring to room temperature before tossing with peppered salt., ingredients: [14 cup coarse sea salt, 1 tablespoon Szechwan peppercorns, 1 tablespoon pink peppercorns, 1 1pound bag frozen edamame soybeans in the pod], title: SaltandPepper Edamame, picturelink: hYfYfflvj4qEYleRF8bE.mEJUpB01S}, 42720: {instructions: The night before, take a cup of sourdough starter out of refrigerator and add unbleached white flour, whole wheat flour, sugar and water. Mix ingredients well, cover and place in warm place overnight. The next morning, remove cup of the spongelike starter and return to refrigerator.nTo the remainder, add beaten eggs, oil, and milk. In small bowl, mix wheat germ, salt, sugar and baking soda. Stir dry ingredients into batter and mix until well blended. Let sit for 10 minutes. Preheat griddle, grease with butter and pour batter onto griddle. Turn pancakes over as soon as bubbles begin to pop. Flip over for just a few seconds and remove pancake from grill to heated plate. This recipe may be doubled., ingredients: [1 cup sourdough starter, 1 12 cups unbleached white flour, 12 cup whole wheat flour, 1 tablespoon sugar optional, 2 cups water, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons oil, 12 cup milk, 14 cup wheat germ optional, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda], title: Trapper Johns GenUWine Sourdough Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 42721: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 9inch glass pie plate or 8inch square pan with cooking spray. In small bowl, mix contents of syrup cups from waffles, the preserves and Worcestershire sauce. Place chicken, skin side up, in pie plate sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spoon syrup mixture over chicken. Bake uncovered 40 to 45 minutes. Meanwhile, toast waffle sticks until golden brown. Cool slightly, about 2 minutes. Cut waffles into 34inch cubes set aside. Spray 1quart casserole with cooking spray or use 9x5inch nonstick loaf pan do not spray. In 10inch nonstick skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Add onion cook and stir 2 minutes or until tender. Stir in waffle pieces and broth, breaking up waffle pieces slightly to moisten. Sprinkle with poultry seasoning and sage. Remove from heat cool about 5 minutes. Stir in egg white and spinach. Spoon stuffing into casserole. Sprinkle pecans over top. Twenty minutes before chicken is done, place casserole in oven next to chicken in pie plate. Spoon syrup mixture in pie plate over chicken. Bake chicken and stuffing uncovered 20 to 25 minutes longer or until juice of chicken is clear when thickest part is cut to bone 170 degrees F and stuffing is thoroughly heated. Spoon remaining syrup mixture from pie plate over chicken. Serve chicken with stuffing. High Altitude 35006500 ft: In step 3, after adding stuffing to oven, bake chicken and stuffing 20 to 30 minutes longer., ingredients: [9 Pillsburyr Dunkablesr frozen homestyle waffle sticks with 3 syrup cups from 1 lb 1.3oz box, 2 tablespoons peach preserves, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 bonein skinon chicken breasts 1 lb, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 tablespoon butter or margarine, 12 cup chopped onion 1 medium, 14 cup chicken broth, 12 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon beaten egg white, 1 box 9 oz Green Giantr frozen spinach, thawed, drained, or 1 12 cups Green Giantr frozen cut leaf spinach from 1lb bag, 1 tablespoon chopped pecans], title: Baked Chicken and Spinach Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 42722: {instructions: Into the pan that the ham was cooked in or use bacon grease if you dont have ham juices, add the butter. Once melted, add 14 cup of the flour and whisk to combine. Continue adding flour, whisking constantly, until a smooth paste is achieved. Cook the roux over a medium heat until you get a nice deep golden color, about 3 minutes. Add the milk, whisking the whole time to prevent lumps forming. Cook until thick and season to taste. Serve over biscuits, ingredients: [Ham cooking juices, 1 stick butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, more or less to taste, 4 to 6 cups whole milk, Salt and ground pepper, Biscuits, for serving], title: Ham Gravy, picturelink: ECVaMD69JvD89hw83hFtSBCAgmmK}, 42723: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Slice potatoes in half and place in 9 by 13 Pyrex baking dish. Drizzle in olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Add rosemary and garlic. Toss to coat. Roast for 30 40 minutes, until golden, crispy and tender. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds red potatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, Pepper, 1 tablespoon rosemary, 2 cloves garlic, minced], title: Roasted New Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 42724: {instructions: Find peaches that are fresh, slightly soft, very fragrant and heavy for their weight. These are the peaches so succulent that the juices run down your chin when you bite into them. Slice bread and brush with olive oil and place in toaster. While bread toasts, wash peaches and then split in half and remove pit. Discard pit and slice each peach half into 3 wedges. Place peaches on top of toast and drizzle with honey., ingredients: [3 peaches, Semolina crutini or your favorite bread, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons wild flower honey], title: Fresh Peaches with Toast and Honey, picturelink: null}, 42725: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDredge the scrapple in the instant flour and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Heat the butter in a saute pan or skillet over medium heat and gently brown the scrapple on each side, about 3 minutes. Remove the scrapple from the pan and place on a papertowellined tray. Top with the American cheese and allow to slowly melt on top for about 2 minutes. Discard the butter and wipe the pan. Fry the eggs sunny side up in fresh butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange the eggs over the slices of scrapple and cheese. Layer the scrapple, egg and cheese between 2 pieces of soft white bread, making 4 sandwiches total. Enjoy paired with freshly squeezed OJ. This recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nEase of preparation easy, ingredients: [Four 14inchthick slabs scrapple, 1 cup instant flour, such as Wondra, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, plus more for frying, 4 slices American cheese, 4 hen eggs, 8 slices soft white bread, Freshly squeezed OJ, for serving], title: Fried Scrapple and Egg Sandwich, picturelink: 8dcSqk0ndAhlNLigikIoVImjit3iu}, 42726: {instructions: Saute the minced garlic in olive oil in large saucepan. Add the whole anchovy fillets and chiles or red pepper flakes, season with pepper, to taste. Allow to saute in heat for about a minute, then remove from heat. Pour into a bowl, set aside.nIn a small bowl, whisk eggs, seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. On another plate, place flour, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or a griddle over moderate heat. When it is hot, lightly oil the griddle if it is not nonstick. Butter 1 side of each bread slice, then put 4 slices, buttered side down, on a work surface.nSpread 1 side of 4 bread slices with the anchovy mixture, dividing it evenly. Top with the sliced rounds of mozzarella, dividing it evenly. Top each with a second slice of bread, buttered side up.nOne at a time, dip the sandwiches in seasoned flour, coating well, then the egg bath. Set them in the skillet or on the griddle. Cook, turning once, until the bread is well browned on both sides and the cheese is molten, about 3 minutes per side. Cut in halves or quarters and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 large anchovy fillets, 14 teaspoon minced Calabrian chiles, or pinch red pepper flakes, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, Grey salt, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Butter, 8 slices countrystyle bread, each 13inch thick, 13 pound wholemilk mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced], title: Mozzarella in Carrozza Panini, picturelink: wuV275zyNIAIU54QsmXx37cQcah2I8q}, 42727: {instructions: Make the pickle: Heat the granulated sugar and 12 teaspoon salt with the rice vinegar and 13 cup water in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring, until dissolved. Combine the cucumber, sauerkraut, cherries, onion and chile pepper in a bowl and pour the hot brine on top. Let cool completely. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve, or up to 2 weeks.nMake the soup: Grind the garlic, ginger, coriander and turmeric with a mortar and pestle or in a mini food processor to make a paste. Stir in the red curry paste.nCook the coconut milk in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring, 5 minutes. Stir in the curry paste mixture and simmer, stirring, 3 more minutes. Add the chicken stock, chicken strips and brown sugar and simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 10 more minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a pot of water to a boil. Add the lo mein noodles and cook until al dente, about 6 minutes. Drain.nStir the soy sauce, fish sauce and peanut butter into the soup cook, stirring until smooth, 5 more minutes. Remove from the heat and add the lime juice. Divide the noodles among 4 large bowls, ladle in the soup and top with the pickle. Top with cilantro, basil and chopped peanuts.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [13 cup granulated sugar, Kosher salt, 13 cup unseasoned rice vinegar, 12 English cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded and sliced into 2inch sticks, 1 cup sauerkraut, drained and rinsed twice, 14 cup frozen pitted sweet cherries, thawed and chopped, 12 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1 small red or green chile pepper, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped peeled ginger, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 tablespoons Thai red curry paste, 1 14ounce can coconut milk, 2 12 cups chicken stock or lowsodium chicken broth, 34 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into small strips, 1 12 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 8 ounces wide Chinese lo mein noodles, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, Scant 14 cup creamy peanut butter or to taste, 2 12 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Fresh cilantro, basil and chopped peanuts, for topping], title: ChickenPeanut Curry Soup With Achat Pickle, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 42728: {instructions: Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and allspice in a medium bowl. In a large bowl, beat the butter and sugars with a mixer at medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, until well blended, then beat in the vanilla.nWith the mixer at low speed, add the flour mixture in two batches, beating until just combined. Using a wooden spoon, stir in the oats, chocolate chips, coconut, pecans and dried fruit until incorporated. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill for at least 30 minutes or overnight.nPosition the racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats.nDrop the dough by tablespoons onto the lined baking sheets you should fit about 12 cookies on each baking sheet.nBake until the cookies are slightly browned around the edges and the centers are beginning to turn golden, 17 to 20 minutes. Let cool for about 5 minutes, then transfer the cookies with a spatula to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups oldfashioned oats, 34 cup bittersweet chocolate chips, 12 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup chopped mixed dried fruit, such as mango, pineapple or papaya], title: Tropical Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 42729: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nAdd the spinach to a colander, and press down to remove as much water as possible. Transfer the spinach to a double layer of paper towels and press and squeeze to remove any extra water. Chop the spinach and add it to a medium bowl with the remaining ingredients, except the extravirgin olive oil. The mixture should be very well combined and moist, but not wet.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Divide the mixture into 12 equal portions and form into flat patties, about 3 inches in diameter and 14inch thick. Arrange the patties on the baking sheet and press down until very firm. This step can be done ahead, but be sure to refrigerate the patties.nIn a large nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat, heat the oil. When hot, add the spinach tostadas into the pan, cook about 2 minutes, gently turn and cook the other side. They will be slightly browned. Put them on a paper towel lined baking sheet, sprinkle with a pinch of salt and hold in a warm oven.nTopping: In a small bowl combine the sour cream and lime zest and set aside, set aside.nIn the same pan the spinach tostadas were cooked in, heat the remaining oil left in pan, over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot, add in the shallot and cook until translucent. Add in the tomatoes, potatoes and capers, stir to combine, add in the shrimp and stock and cook until shrimp turn pink. Stir in the pepper and the parsley and remove from the heat.nRemove the spinach tostadas from the oven, and transfer to a serving platter. Equally portion the shrimp mixture on each tostada, sprinkle with feta, top with a small dollop of the sour cream mixture and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 10ounce packages frozen spinach, thawed, 1 tablespoon finely diced red bell pepper, 1 teaspoon finely diced serrano pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 large eggs, 13 cup panko bread crumbs, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for sprinkling, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 12 teaspoon lime zest, 1 tablespoon finely diced shallot, 3 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced, 2 russet potatoes, cooked in boiling salted water until just fork tender, then cut in 12inch dice, 2 tablespoons capers, 12 pound shrimp, shelled, cleaned, cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped Italian parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons grated feta cheese], title: Spinach Tostadas with Shrimp and Potatoes, picturelink: s69TgN5rt272mXHa6rf9IZdbi4FgyYW}, 42730: {instructions: Trim the meat of any fat or gristle, and cut into 2inch cubes. Toss beef with 1 tablespoon of the oil. In a small bowl, season the flour with salt, pepper, and cayenne. Toss meat with seasoned flour.nHeat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over high heat. Brown the meat on all sides. Reduce the heat, add the onions, crushed garlic and tomato puree to the skillet, cover, and cook gently for 5 minutes. Transfer the contents of the skillet to a casserole and pour half of the Guinness into the skillet. Bring Guinness to a boil and stir to dissolve the caramelized meat juices on the pan. Pour over the meat, along with the remaining Guinness. Add the carrots and thyme. Stir and adjust seasonings. Cover the casserole and simmer over low heat, or in a 300 degree F oven until the meat is tender, 2 to 3 hours.nGarnish the beef with parsley and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds stewing beef, 3 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of cayenne, 2 large onions, coarsely chopped, 1 garlic clove, crushed, 2 tablespoons tomato puree, dissolved in 4 tablespoons water, 1 14 cups Guinness, 2 cups largely diced carrots, Sprig of fresh thyme, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Beef and Guinness Stew, picturelink: null}, 42731: {instructions: Dough:nIn a small bowl, mix the honey, warm water, and yeast until the yeast begins to bubble.nIn a medium bowl, mix the whole wheat flour, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, salt, and olive oil with an electric mixer on medium speed. Pour the yeast mixture into the flour mixture and continue to mix on medium speed until a smooth dough is formed. If dough is too sticky after 5 minutes of mixing, add flour by the teaspoon until the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl.nSpray a large bowl with canola oil cooking spray. Place dough in the bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let dough rise until it has doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.nWith clean hands, punch down the dough. Sprinkle a clean work surface with the remaining 2 tablespoons of flour and pour the dough onto the work surface. Lightly knead dough for 1 minute.nOn a pizza pan or baking sheet covered with parchment paper, shape dough into desired shape.nTopping:nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, mix drained crushed tomatoes and tomato paste. Add oregano, basil, and pine nuts and stir until combined. Spread tomato mixture on top of dough. Top with shredded cheeses and bake for 20 to 30 minutes, or until cheese is melted and bubbly., ingredients: [14 teaspoon honey, 1 cup warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 1 package active dry yeast, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 1 34 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 spray canola oil cooking spray, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, drained, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 6 ounces shredded fatfree mozzarella, 4 tablespoons shredded Asiago], title: Bruschetta Pizza, picturelink: null}, 42732: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove any plastic wrapping or butchers paper from the roast. Place the standing rib roast upright onto a half sheet pan fitted with a rack. The rack is essential for drainage. Place dry towels loosely on top of the roast. This will help to draw moisture away from the meat. Place into a refrigerator at approximately 50 to 60 percent humidity and between 34 and 38 degrees F. You can measure both with a refrigerator thermometer. Change the towels daily for 3 days.nPlace a 16inch round azalea terra cotta planter into a cold oven. Invert the planter to become a lid over a pizza stone or the bottom of the planter. The oven should be cold to start, to avoid any cracking in the terra cotta pieces. Turn the oven to 250 degrees F.nRemove the roast from the refrigerator and rub with canola oil. Remember to rub the bones with oil, as well. Once the roast is completely coated with oil cover the roast with kosher salt, about half a teaspoon per bone. Next, rub with freshly ground pepper to coat the surface. Place the roast over a glass bakeware dish slightly smaller than the length of the roast. This will catch the drippings needed for the sauce. Finally, place a probe thermometer into the center of the roast and set for 118 degrees. Put the roast and the bakeware dish onto the pizza stone, cover with the terra cotta pot, and return to the oven. Turn the oven down to 200 degrees F and roast until internal temperature is achieved.nRemove the roast and turn oven up to 500 degrees F. Remove the terra cotta lid and recover with heavyduty foil. Allow the roast to rest until an internal temperature of 130 degrees F. is reached. Place the roast back into the preheated 500 degree F oven for about 10 minutes or until youve achieved your desired crust. Remove and transfer roast to a cutting board. Keep covered with foil until ready to serve.nDegrease the juices in the glass pan. Place the pan over low heat and deglaze with 1 cup of water. Add the wine and reduce by half. Roll the sage leaves in between your fingers to release the flavors and aroma. Add to the sauce and cook for 1 minute. Strain and serve on the side., ingredients: [1 4bonein standing rib roast, preferably from the loin end, Canola oil, to coat roast, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, to cover entire roast, 1 cup water, 1 cup red wine, 4 fresh sage leaves], title: DryAged Standing Rib Roast with Sage Jus, picturelink: SWY0JjCmPRmfQdPrKXIR6WKj.to6Ym}, 42733: {instructions: In a large bowl combine slaw mix, diced apples, and chopped walnuts set aside.nIn a small bowl, stir to combine mayonnaise and poppy seed dressing. Pour dressing over slaw mixture and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 16ounce bag 3color slaw mix, 2 large Granny Smith apples, diced small, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup poppy seed dressing], title: Waldorf Slaw, picturelink: YaeVHGUJo3vt84sYTDjNRiXFxUJkqC}, 42734: {instructions: Special equipment: Electric wok to keep cooking liquid boiling Small Chinese strainers Rice bowls and side plates Chopsticks Chinese spoons Spoons for all of the above condiments Huge appetitenFor the table, jarssmall bottles of the following to make your own dipping sauce:nThread beef, chicken, shrimp, fishballs and scallops on wooden skewers and set aside. Combine water and chicken stock in an electric wok and bring to a boil. Add mung bean noodles, cabbage, bok choy and shiitake mushrooms. Place skewers in pot and cook according to individual taste. Ladle broth into bowls with skewered meats and seafood and serve with condiments.nFish Balls:nIn a food processor, puree fish with egg yolks until smooth. Add pepper, salt, sesame oil, fish sauce, and chilies pulse processor a few times. Transfer mousse to a large, chilled bowl and fold in the scallions. Using a mixer, lift the egg whites to a stiff peak. Gently fold in the egg whites with the mousse. Cook a very small portion either in boiling water or in a microwave oven to verify seasonings. Using wet hands, make small balls 1inch in diameter. Quickly blanch in salted boiling water for only 2 minutes. Drain and set aside to cool., ingredients: [2 pounds flank steak, sliced thinly against the grain, 2 pounds chicken breast, thinly sliced, 1 pound large shrimp, U15s peeled and deveined 15 shrimp per pound, 20 fish balls, 2 pounds bay scallops, 3 packages soaked mung bean noodles, 4 Shanghai cabbage, whole leaves, 4 baby bok choy, whole leaves, 1 napa cabbage large chopped, 2 quarts chicken stock, 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, destemmed, Boiling water, Samba Oelek, Peanut butter, Chinese sesame paste, Sesame oil, Oyster sauce, Rice wine vinegar, Shaoxing wine, Thin soy sauce, 2 cups chopped scallions, 2 cups chopped cilantro, Eggs optional, 2 pounds Chilean sea bass or other fatty white fish, 4 eggs, separated, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 3 minced Thai bird chilies, 13 cup sliced scallions], title: Chinese Fire Pot with Fish Balls, picturelink: null}, 42735: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until slightly darkened, about 2 minutes. Add the rosemary, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until the garlic starts browning, about 1 minute.nAdd the green beans, cherry tomatoes and their liquid, 1 34 cups water and 2 teaspoons salt to the pot. Partially cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the green beans are tender and the liquid is slightly thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to a 3quart baking dish.nMix the panko, parmesan, parsley and the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle over the green bean mixture and bake until the sauce is bubbling and the topping is browned, about 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 2 pounds green beans, trimmed and halved, 1 14ounce can cherry tomatoes Kosher salt, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Green Bean and Tomato Casserole, picturelink: 8uFF651Quzs551AzROlmU9ujzffNENW}, 42736: {instructions: Using a vegetable peeler, peel the cucumbers and remove the seeds with a teaspoon. Roughly chop the cucumbers and add them to a blender with all of the remaining ingredients. Puree until well blended and smooth. Add the mixture into an ice cream machine and run for 15 minutes. Pour the sorbet into a silver bowl, and freeze, stirring every 30 minutes until frozen, about 2 hours. Serve immediately or transfer to a container and store in the freezer., ingredients: [2 large cucumbers, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon fine salt, 12 cup organic sugar, 12 cup water, 1 lime, juiced], title: Cucumber Mint Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 42737: {instructions: 1 cup dried, then soaked Anasazi 1 12 to 2 hours Aduki 1 hour Black runner beans 1 12 to 2 hours Chickpeas 1 12 to 2 hours Christmas limas 1 to 1 12 hours Pinto 1 12 to 2 hours Scarlet runner beans 1 12 to 2 hours Soybeans 2 to 3 hours, ingredients: [], title: Bean Cooking Times, picturelink: null}, 42738: {instructions: 1. In small skillet heat pine nuts over medium heat for 2 to 5 minutes or until golden brown, shaking pan frequently. Remove from heat. Set aside.n2. In medium bowl stir together cream cheese, pesto, lemon juice, lemon peel and pepper. Stir in cheese and milk. Stir in salt if desired. Transfer to serving bowl. Sprinkle with pine nuts. Serve with Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Pita Crackers Sea Salt., ingredients: [13 cup milk, 14 teaspoon kosher salt optional, Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Pita Crackers Sea Salt, 1 tablespoon pine nuts, 1 package 8 oz. cream cheese, 12 cup prepared pesto, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon grated lemon peel, 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese], title: Creamy Pesto Dip, picturelink: EXw8TJm4qGQpAgWuzuN4vf2eTROzfvy}, 42739: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, stirring, until browned, 3 minutes. Increase the heat to high add the onion, celery and mushrooms and cook, stirring, until tender, 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Reduce the heat to medium high add the tomatoes and wine and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the cream and cook until slightly thickened, about 4 minutes. Stir in the parsley and reduce the heat to low. Add the pasta to the skillet and cook, tossing, until it absorbs some of the sauce, 2 to 3 minutes. Add some of the reserved pasta cooking water to loosen, if needed. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces linguine, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, thinly sliced, 12 pound sliced mixed mushrooms, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 plum tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup dry white wine or lowsodium chicken broth, 23 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Linguine With Sausage and Mushrooms, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 42740: {instructions: 1. Combine the potatoes, 2 of the garlic cloves, the peppercorns and 1 teaspoon kosher salt in a medium pot. Cover with cold water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are just tender when pierced with a thin knife, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain and cool until still warm but no longer hot.n2. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Slice the remaining 2 garlic cloves and add to the oil along with the bread pieces. Cook, stirring, until the bread is golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer to the bowl of a food processor and add the red peppers, vinegar, smoked paprika, tomatoes and 34 teaspoon kosher salt. Puree until smooth.n3. Heat a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Cook the Serrano until crispy, turning, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain and then break into small pieces.n4. To serve: Halve the warm potatoes and scoop out a small bit of the insides using a 14teaspoon measure. Top the halves with a bit of the romesco sauce, sour cream, crispy Serrano shards and a sprinkle of parsley., ingredients: [18 baby new or fingerling potatoes about 1 pound, 4 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 slice white bread, crusts removed, torn into small pieces, 12 cup coarsely chopped drained roasted red peppers, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 plum tomato, cored and quartered, 3 thin slices Serrano ham about 1 12 ounces, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley], title: RomescoTopped Potato Bites, picturelink: 9D0at9uCkv7L70VyMCTv5xR3j4ZVu}, 42741: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven. Spray three 9by2inch round cake pans with nonstick spray and line the bottom of each with parchment paper. Spray the parchment. Set the pans aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk to combine the flour, baking powder and salt set aside. In a separate bowl or measuring cup, combine the milk, oil, orange juice and zest set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar together on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 8 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.nReduce the mixer speed to low and add the dry ingredients in three additions, alternating with the wet ingredients, and beginning and ending with the dry.nPour onethird of the batter into a medium bowl, add 1 or 2 drops of orange food coloring, and stir to combine. Pour into one of the prepared cake pans.nPour another third of the batter into the same bowl and add 3 or 4 drops of food coloring. Stir to combine, then pour into the second cake pan.nAdd 5 or 6 drops of food coloring to the remaining batter and stir to combine. Pour into the third cake pan.nBake the cake layers until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through. Cool in the pans on wire racks for 5 minutes. Then invert the cakes, peel off the parchment and let cool completely on wire racks. Trim the tops if domed.nTo assemble the cake: Place the darkest cake layer on a cake stand and frost the top completely. Stack the next darkest layer and again frost the top. Stack the final layer and frost the top and sides of the cake. Slice to serve.nPlace the chocolate in a large heatproof bowl set over not in a pan of gently simmering water. Heat until the chocolate is melted, then stir until smooth. Remove the bowl from the pan and let the chocolate cool to room temperature.nIn a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and confectioners sugar on medium speed until light and smooth, about 3 minutes. Add the melted chocolate and beat until combined. Add the cream and beat until the frosting is smooth and spreadable., ingredients: [Nonstick baking spray with flour, for cake pans, 3 12 cups cake flour, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups milk, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 packed cup light brown sugar, 6 large eggs, Orange food coloring, Chocolate Frosting, recipe follows, 1 12 pounds semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 3 sticks 1 12 cups unsalted butter, room temperature, 5 cups confectioners sugar, 13 to 12 cup heavy cream], title: Orange Ombre Birthday Cake with Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 42742: {instructions: An hour before serving put a martini glass in the freezer.nWhen ready to serve, fill a cocktail shaker or small pitcher with ice. Add the vermouth and then the gin. Cover and shake vigorously, or stir, until combined and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, by the time the shaker mists up the drink is ready. Strain the martini into the chilled glass. Add the olive and serve., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 12 teaspoon dry vermouth, 3 ounces chilled quality gin, 1 or 3 green cocktail olives], title: Martini, picturelink: W3mC3S.466HcbR2gEVG5f1VTAX8DATK}, 42743: {instructions: Special equipment: a kitchen blowtorchnPlace four 12ounce glasses in the freezer. Preheat the broiler to high.nPut the marshmallows on a baking sheet and broil until golden brown. Allow to cool completely in the fridge.nCombine the marshmallows, ice cream and milk in a blender. Blend on high until smooth.nDivide the mixture among the chilled glasses. Spread a thin layer of the marshmallow creme over each milkshake. Using a kitchen torch, brulee the top of each milkshake to caramelize the marshmallow. Finish with crumbled graham crackers and chocolate shavings. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups large marshmallows, 2 cups chocolate chip ice cream, 2 cups milk, 1 cup marshmallow creme, such as Marshmallow Fluff, 1 cup crumbled graham crackers, 12 cup chocolate shavings], title: Smores Milkshake, picturelink: null}, 42744: {instructions: In a medium pot over mediumhigh heat, stir to combine all ingredients except the cilantro and lime wedges. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to mediumlow heat, and simmer for 20 minutes. Stir in cilantro and serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [2 16ounce cans pinto beans recommended: Bushs, 1 10ounce can diced tomatoes and green chiles recommended: Rotel, 1 4ounce can diced green chilies recommended: La Victoria, 12 cup frozen diced onions recommended: CW, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic recommended: Christopher Ranch, 1 bottle 12 ounces Mexican beer recommended: Negro Modelo, 13 cup real bacon pieces recommended: Hormel, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 1 lime, sliced into wedges], title: Borracho Beans, picturelink: 9fP51jItvvxqJ1tSh70RYTeVF8.vPYy}, 42745: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees. Grease one 13 by 9 by 2inch baking pan. Prepare and bake both pound cake mixes together in one pan as directed on package for 13 by 9 by 2inch baking pan. After baking cake, leave oven on to bake cookie lid. Cool cake 10 minutes on wire rack invert cake onto wire rack and remove pan. Cool completely.nWith clean hands or wooded spoon, stir together cookie dough and flour until well combined. On lightly greased cookie sheet, roll out cookie dough to 12x8inch rectangle. Bake 15 to 20 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool slightly. With large spatula, carefully remove cookie to wire rack. Cool completely.nPlace cake on large tray. With knife, mark 1inch from each edge of cake. With fork, scoop out center of cake to within 1inch from sides and bottom. Unwrap cookies and creme bars. Line inside of coffin with bar pieces. Place frosting in bowl. Stir in cocoa until well blended. Frost entire outside of coffin and top of cookie lid. Fill center of coffin with assorted wrapped candies. Unwrap some candies and decorate lid. Prop up one side of lid with wooded skewer or popsicle sticks wrapped with PullnPeel candynCANDY CRITTERS Create spooktacular critter by using products such as nuggets candy, peppermint patties miniatures, chocolate drops, peanut butter cups as bodies. Then add licorice candy legs, candy whiskers, and candy and chocolate covered peanut butter candy eyes., ingredients: [2 16ounce boxes pound cake mix, 1 1 pound and 2 ounce roll slice and bake refrigerated sugar cookies, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 16ounce cans vanilla readytospread frosting, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 8 cookies and creme candy bars 1.55 ounces each, Miniature peanut butter cups, Miniature peppermint patties, Milk chocolate covered caramels, Chocolate drops, Chocolate almond drops, Miniature chocolate covered coconut, Miniature chocolate covered coconut with almonds, Licorice whips, Chocolate covered wafer bars, Licorice pullnpeel candy, Candy and chocolate covered peanut butter candies], title: Halloween Coffin Cake, picturelink: null}, 42746: {instructions: Brown Sugar Crust Preparation:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease 9inch pie pan or springform pan. Combine flour, brown sugar and salt. With a pastry blender or fork, cut in butter until mix is crumbly. Press dough firmly into bottom and sides of pan. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown. Set aside.nMango Key Lime Filling Preparation:nUsing an electric mixer, combine egg yolks, condensed milk and cornstarch. Slowly add in lime juice, then mango puree and lime zest. Continue to mix until blended just a few seconds. Pour the mixture into the prepared pie shell and bake at 350 degrees F for 12 minutes or until filling is set. Remove from oven and cool for 15 minutes. Do not turn oven off.nCoconut Meringue Preparation:nBeat egg whites until light and frothy. Add cream of tartar and continue beating until the whites form stiff peaks. Gradually beat in sugar, then coconut cream and coconut flavor and mix for several more seconds. Carefully spoon meringue onto warm pie. Return pie to oven to brown meringue about 6 to 7 minutes. Remove pie from oven and refrigerate until chilled. Can garnish pie with toasted coconut., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour or wholewheat flour, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks butter, cold, 4 egg yolks, beaten, 1 can condensed milk, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup lime juice, 12 cup mango puree, 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, 5 egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 9 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon coconut cream, 14 teaspoon coconut flavor, 13 cup toasted coconut, optional], title: Mango KeyLime Pie with Coconut Meringue, picturelink: null}, 42747: {instructions: For the flat bread:nCombine all dry ingredients in the bowl of a stand mixer. Add the honey and water and mix on low for 3 minutes, then medium for 1 minute and then gently fold in the jalapenos. Transfer the dough to an oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap and a towel and let rise for 1 hour. Punch the dough down, roll into a ball and let rest for 15 minutes. Punch the dough down again and roll into a ball, then let rest for 30 to 60 minutes.nHeat grill to medium.nRoll the dough into desired shape, approximately 12inch thick and coat it with olive oil before putting on the grill over indirect heat. Grill to desired level of color, approximately 10 to 12 minutes.nFor the BBQ Sauce:nCoat a large saute pan with oil over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, jalapeno, and the powders. Briefly saute and then stir in all the remaining ingredients. Bring to boil and immediately reduce the heat and simmer uncovered for 30 to 45 minutes. Cool and puree in a blender. Set aside.nCooks Note: This sauce will keep for 10 days covered and refrigerated.nFor the slaw:nCombine all the slaw ingredients in a large bowl and set aside until ready to serve. Add the dressing immediately prior to serving.nFor the dressing:nPut all the ingredients into a bowl and whisk to combine. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the pork:nPreheat charcoal grill over high heat.nCombine all the rub ingredients in a bowl and coat the pork liberally with the mixture. Set aside for at least 5 minutes.nSear over hot coals with a little hickory  NOT SOAKED. Turn and move the pork to the side of the grill. Cover the grill and cook for about 15 minutes for medium and mediumwell on the ends. Remove the pork from the grill to a cutting board and cover loosely with foil, to rest. Chop the pork as desired.nTo Make the Sandwich:nDivide and mound chopped pork on the flat bread, 4 pieces for an open face sandwich, top with generous serving of the slaw and drizzle with BBQ sauce., ingredients: [2 14 cups bread flour, 34 cup masa harina or any comparable corn flour, 1 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons honey, About 1 14 cups water, room temperature, 1 jalapeno grilled with top on, skinned and seeded, coarsely chopped, Oil, for coating dough, Sweet BBQ Sauce:, Oil, for pan, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic chopped, 1 small jalapeno, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 20ounce bottle tomato ketchup, or combination tomato paste and sauce, 13 cup brown sugar, 14 cup molasses or cane syrup, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, plus more to adjust acidity, Hot sauce, to taste recommended: Crystal, 1 12ounce bottle dark beer, 1 small head green cabbage, shredded, 1 to 2 medium carrots, grated, 1 bunch green onions, coarsely chopped, 1 small bell pepper, coarsely chopped, 1 small bunch parsley, leaves coarsely chopped, 1 cup mayonnaise preferably homemade, 14 cup coarse ground mustard, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 medium cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, plus more to adjust acidity, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 12 cup chili powder preferably ancho, 12 cup smoked paprika, 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper adjust to personal preference, 1 tablespoon salt, taste for level, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 1 12pound pork shoulder steak, no more than 34inch thick, not trimmed], title: BBQ Pork Sandwich on Grilled Jalapeno Corn Flat Bread, picturelink: null}, 42748: {instructions: 1. Cook veggie burger according to package directions. Top hot burger with cheese slice. Let stand for 1 minute or until cheese melts.n2. Meanwhile, in small bowl, stir together mayonnaise and curry powder. Spread on bun bottom. Top with burger, tomato slice, red onion, bell pepper and bun top.nON THE GRILL:nPreheat grillnUse a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 165 degrees F.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [1 Garden Veggie Pattiesu00ae Veggie Burgers, 1 slice provolone cheese about 34 ounce, 1 tablespoon reducedfat mayonnaise or mayonnaise, 18 teaspoon curry powder, 1 slice tomato, 1 slice red onion, 2 rings green bell pepper, 1 wholewheat hamburger bun, split], title: Morningstar Farmsandreg Garden Veggie Deluxe Burger, picturelink: 07hCnsKgi0RcEM3KnP8G5y6cQZ83diC}, 42749: {instructions: Special equipment: a 3inch round cutternPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, black pepper and salt. Rub the butter into the flour mixture with your fingertips, until it is in even pieces about the size of a pea. Stir in 1 cup PecorinoRomano, then gently stir the in the milk with a fork to make a loose dough.nTurn the dough out onto a lightlyfloured work surface. Pat into a 12inchthick rectangle. Fold the dough into thirds like a business letter. Pat into an 8by5inch rectangle about 34inch thick. Use a 3inch round cutter to make 6 biscuits. Press together the scraps of dough, cut 2 more biscuits, and put all of them on the prepared baking sheet.nLightly brush the tops of the biscuits with the cream, then sprinkle them equally with the remaining 2 tablespoons PecorinoRomano and a pinch of black pepper. Bake until puffed and golden brown on top, 20 to 22 minutes. Cool on a rack for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, plus more for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated PecorinoRomano about 5 ounces, 34 cup milk, 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Cacio e Pepe Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 42750: {instructions: In a bowl whisk sour cream, mascarpone and confectioners sugar, ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mascarpone, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar], title: Sour Cream Mascarpone, picturelink: null}, 42751: {instructions: Form the beef into four 6ounce patties, about 34 inch thick press the center of each patty with your thumb to make a 12inchdeep indentation. Season the patties on both sides with salt and pepper. Lightly brush the grill grates with the vegetable oil, then grill the patties, indentationside up, until marked on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook until marked and slightly firm, about 3 more minutes for medium doneness. Remove the patties to a plate and let rest 5 minutes. Grill the rolls, cutside down, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Toss the avocado and lime juice in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Spread the refried beans on the bun bottoms, then top with the burger patties, cheese, avocado, pickled jalapenos and lettuce. Cover with the bun tops.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, preferably chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 4 soft kaiser rolls, split, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and sliced, Juice of 12 lime, 1 15ounce can refried black beans, warmed, 12 cup queso fresco cheese, crumbled, Pickled jalapeno slices, for topping, 1 12 cups shredded iceberg lettuce], title: Mexican Torta Burgers, picturelink: gKZeH4pxgayPVNrZOibIh.u5bA83nK}, 42752: {instructions: Mix 1 teaspoon sugar, 13 cup chopped cilantro, 14 teaspoon salt and the juice of 1 lime in a large bowl. Add 3 or 4 shredded carrots and toss. Heat 14 cup vegetable oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 12 teaspoon cumin seeds and toast, swirling the pan, about 30 seconds. Add 13 cup unsweetened shredded coconut and continue swirling until golden. Let cool, then toss with the carrots.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [], title: CarrotCoconut Salad, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 42753: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees.nIn a mixing bowl cream butter with sugar until fluffy. With mixer on low, beat in egg. Scrape down sides of the bowl. Mix in brandy and vanilla. Add almond and allpurpose flours. Mix until creamy. Cover and refrigerate. Place almond filling into tart shell, spread level. Cut poached pear halves crosswise into 14inch slices. Reshape pear halves and arrange 8 halves around the top of each tart, spoke fashion. Press pears lightly to fan out. Bake for 40 minutes or until top is well browned and filling is springy to the touch. Cool and serve at room temperature.nNote: To poach pears, peel, core and halve pears, place in a pot with 1 34 cups white wine, 34 cup water, 4 ounces of sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, vanilla bean split, and 4 black pepper corns. Bring to a boil and lower heat to a simmer, cook for 30 minutes or until pears are tender when pricked. Cool in liquid.nIn a mixing bowl combine flour, sugar and salt, cut in butter until it resembles small pebbles. With a mixer running add vanilla and slowly drizzle in water until dough comes together in a sticky mass. Roll into a ball, wrap and chill at least 30 minutes and up to 24 hours before rolling. Roll shell to fit into a 9inch tart pan. Set aside., ingredients: [4 ounces butter softened, 3 12 ounces sugar, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons Brandy, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 ounces almond flour or pulverized almonds, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 recipe tart shell recipe follows, 8 poached pear halves see note, 4 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 13 ounces sugar, Pinch of salt, 4 ounces cold butter, cubed, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 14 cup cold water], title: Pear and Almond Tart, picturelink: null}, 42754: {instructions: Combine the whisky, orange liqueur, ginger, apricot preserves and lemon juice in a cocktail shaker. Muddle the ginger in the shaker, then cover and shake vigorously. Strain into an icefilled glass. Garnish with a lemon slice.nPhotograph by Mark Peterson, ingredients: [1 12 ounces Irish whiskey preferably Michael Collins, 12 ounce orange liqueur, 2 thin slices ginger, 1 teaspoon apricot preserves, Splash of fresh lemon juice, plus 1 lemon slice], title: Collins Preserve, picturelink: 6l1HLrnLzoQcaqJEawg9DeZKTBDgIG}, 42755: {instructions: Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and saute for 1 minute. Add the ale and cook until the ale has reduced by half.nWhisk in mustard and mix in until incorporated. Add the asparagus and season with salt and pepper. Cook for another 3 minutes until the asparagus is heated through. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately.nServings: 4, ingredients: [2 10.5ounce bags frozen asparagus spears, thawed, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 cup English ale, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Buttery Ale Asparagus, picturelink: mCV6POLR61GMUEGa64OCuHvYPd0xEu}, 42756: {instructions: In a large heavy saucepan, heat the butter and oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, until slightly golden. Add the poblanos and the garlic and cook for 2 minutes more, until the aroma of the garlic is released. Add the tomatoes, fish broth and bay leaf. Increase the heat to high and bring the mixture to a boil. Add the potatoes, bring back to the boil, and decrease the heat so the mixture is simmering. Cover the pan and simmer the soup for 15 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender but not falling apart. Stir in the milk and simmer for 5 minutes more, then add the corn kernels, corn rounds, shrimp, salt and pepper and simmer for an additional 4 minutes. Taste for seasoning and serve in heated bowls, sprinkled with a few leaves of cilantro., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 medium onions, finely diced, 2 Poblano chiles, toasted see Note and diced, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 6 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 1 cup fish broth or clam juice, 1 bay leaf, 6 small new potatoes, peeled and halved, 3 cups milk, 1 cup corn kernels, fresh or thawed frozen, 1 ear of corn, shucked and cut crosswise into 12inch rounds, 1 pound medium raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 small bunch cilantro, leaves only], title: Shrimp, Corn, and Potato Soup, picturelink: null}, 42757: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degree F.nSprinkle the cheese over the bottom of the pie shell, then evenly distribute the onion, broccoli, and mushroom over the cheese layer. Mix the eggs and the spices together in a bowl. Add the milk and halfandhalf and mix well. Pour over contents in the pie shell.nCut the cherry tomatoes in halves and place, cut side up, in a ring on top of the mixture. Sprinkle the 1 tablespoon of Romano over top. Bake for 15 minutes. Turn oven down to 300 degrees F and bake an additional 45 to 55 minutes or until cake tester inserted in middle comes out clean.nBlend together with pastry blender until crumbly like coarse cornmeal. Add cold water, 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing with a fork until mixture will hold together. Handle as little possible. Wrap in plastic wrap in a patty and chill for at least an hour. Roll out between Saran Wrap with very little flour. Place carefully in a pie plate, being careful not to stretch dough. Trim the edges., ingredients: [1 9inch prepared pie shell unbaked, recipe follows, 1 cup grated Swiss, 12 cup grated marbled jack, 3 tablespoon grated Romano, plus 1 tablespoon, 12 cup chopped medium onion, 1 cup fresh broccoli florets, 1 12 cup sliced fresh mushrooms, 14 teaspoons dried marjoram, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 3 eggs, 1 cup milk, 12 cup halfandhalf, 7 or 8 cherry tomatoes, 1 cup flour, 6 tablespoons butter flavored shortening, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon sugar, 3 tablespoons cold water], title: Savory 3Cheese Quiche, picturelink: null}, 42758: {instructions: Halve cucumber lengthwise and seed. Peel and trim carrots. With a vegetable peeler cut cucumber and carrots lengthwise into thin ribbons, transferring to a bowl. Cut celery and scallions crosswise into 3inchlong pieces. Cut pieces lengthwise into julienne strips, transferring to bowl. Add vinegar and oil and toss to combine well, ingredients: [1 large English cucumber, 4 large carrots, 4 large celery ribs, 4 scallions, 1 tablespoon seasoned rice vinegar, or to taste, 14 teaspoon Asian sesame oil], title: Ribbon Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 42759: {instructions: In large bowl, completely cover cod in water, and soak for at least 24 hours, refrigerated, changing water every 2 to 3 hours.nMake 2 bouquets garnis: For each, bunch 2 bay leaves, 1 sprig rosemary, and 6 sprigs thyme together, and tie with kitchen string. In a medium saucepan, place cod with 1 head of garlic, 1 bouquet garni, the milk, and 1 cup water. Over low heat, bring to simmer. Cook until fish is flaky, about 10 minutes. Drain, and discard garlic and bouquet garni. When cool enough to touch, flake fish, and set aside.nPlace potatoes in medium saucepan, and cover with salted water. Cook potatoes at a simmer until forktender, 15 to 20 minutes, and drain.nIn small saucepan, add oil, remaining head of garlic, and remaining bouquet garni. Over low heat, warm the oil, about 10 minutes. Discard garlic and bouquet garni.nPut potatoes through a food mill while still warm. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine potatoes and cod on low speed until just incorporated. Slowly add the infused oil, then add 12 cup cream. Do not overmix, or potatoes will become pasty.nGarnish brandade with remaining 2 tablespoons warm cream and garlic confit. Serve with toasted croutons or bread.nPlace ingredients in a small saucepan over low heat, and cook slowly until soft and golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound dried salt cod, cut into large pieces, 4 dried bay leaves, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 12 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 heads garlic, halved crosswise, outer paper removed, 2 cups milk, 1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and quartered, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, warmed, Garlic Confit, for garnish, recipe follows, Toasted croutons or bread, 1 head garlic, cloves separated and peeled, 12 cup olive oil], title: Brandad de Morue, picturelink: null}, 42760: {instructions: Grits: Bring milk to boil and stir in grits and add salt and pepper. Cook slowly until thick. Cool slightly and roll in a log and place in plastic wrap. Chill.nPlum Sauce: Dissolve sugar in vinegar over heat. Pour over plums and bake at 375 degrees for 20 minutesnCut grits into 12inch cylinders. Toss in flour and fry in oil until crisp. Drain. Keep warm.nHeat skillet with 2 tablespoons butter and saute foie gras on both sides. Remove and keep warm.nAdd chipoltes and plum mixture to saucepan. Whisk in veal or beef stock. Reduce and stir in remaining butter.nTo Assemble: Place one grit cake on a plate. Top with seared foie gras and then another grit cake. Pour plum sauce around and decorate with arugula and fried leeks, ingredients: [4 cups milk, 1 cup grits, Salt, Pepper, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 dozen plums, pitted and sliced, Flour, Oil, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 ounces foie gras 2 medallions each, 2 teaspoons canned chipoltes in adobo, chopped, 12 cup rich veal stock or beef stock, 14 pound arugula, Fried leeks], title: Crisp Grit Cake Foie Gras Club, picturelink: null}, 42761: {instructions: Heat oven to 450 degrees F and arrange rack in the middle. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil, place bread on top, and set aside.nMelt butter in a large nonstick frying pan over medium heat. When foaming subsides, remove from heat, add vanilla, salt, and cloves and sprinkle sugar evenly into pan.nPlace apples in a single layer and return to stove. Cook over medium heat, turning apples once, until apples are knife tender, about 10 minutes. Arrange apples on bread and pour all but 14 cup caramel sauce on top. Bake in oven until caramel sauce bubbles and bread is heated through, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from oven, pour remaining caramel on apples and let pizza sit for 5 minutes before cutting. Serve with ice cream or whipped cream., ingredients: [1 1 pound loaf plain ciabatta or focaccia, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 cloves, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 12 pounds gala, braeburn, or pink lady apples, peeled, cored, and cut into sixths, Ice cream or whipped cream for serving], title: Dessert Pizza, picturelink: 6gds3OT7qWFLpMwWK7jqqpXscinYlJi}, 42762: {instructions: In a bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites with the salt until they are frothy, add the cream of tartar, and beat the whites until they hold stiff peaks. Stir in the cayenne and the Parmesan. In a deep fryer heat 2inches of vegetable oil to 370 degrees and in it fry teaspoons of the mixture, formed into balls, in batches, turning them occasionally, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until they are golden. Transfer the Parmesan puffs to paper towels to drain and serve them hot as an hors doeuvre., ingredients: [4 large egg whites at room temperature, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Cayenne to taste, 2 cups freshly grated Parmesan, Vegetable oil for deep frying], title: Your Mothers Parmesan Puffs, picturelink: null}, 42763: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.nCombine carrots, applesauce, oil, and vanilla. Add eggs and sugar and mix together. In another bowl, mix the rest of the dry ingredients. Stir dry ingredients into applesauce mixture until blended. Do not over mix. Divide mixture into 2 greased loaf pans. Bake for 55 minutes or until done., ingredients: [12 cup shredded carrots, 1 13 cups applesauce, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 eggs, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 14 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 13 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 cup walnut pieces], title: Apple Nut Bread, picturelink: null}, 42764: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, puree the sliced strawberries, with their juice, and honey until smooth. To assemble the drink: Pour a generous spoonful of the fruit puree into a champagne flute. Add a few frozen blueberries and top with Prosecco. Repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [1 10ounce bag frozen sliced strawberries, defrosted, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 8ounce bag frozen blueberries, 1 bottle Prosecco], title: Berry Berry Fizz, picturelink: Y5J1yb6kuNctMFYmtyNyECa2H.PztG}, 42765: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChill 4 martini glasses. Rim each with a lemon half and then dip in sugar. Squeeze into a shaker the lemon juice from the halves you used to rim the glasses. Place the peppers in the shaker and muddle. Add to the shaker: mandarin vodka, orange juice, cranberry juice and simple syrup. Top with some ice, shake and strain into the glasses. Garnish each with a couple of small slices of serrano pepper.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Stir until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and cool. Add to drinks or desserts., ingredients: [1 lemon, cut in half, Extra fine sugar, to rim glasses, 4 small slices serrano chile pepper, plus more for garnish, 4 ounces mandarin vodka, 4 ounces fresh squeezed orange juice, 2 ounces cranberry juice, 2 ounces Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Ice, 1 cup sugar], title: Lipstick Mandarin, picturelink: DGX8z8e.lQaNxcYJvXMjSMjc6TrOK2}, 42766: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the stuffing cubes in a large bowl and set aside. In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add the jalapeno, onions, bell peppers, and thyme, then sprinkle with a pinch of salt and black pepper. Cook until the onions and bell peppers are tender, and then add the garlic. Cook until the garlic is tender, and then remove to the bowl with the stuffing cubes. Wipe out the pan with a paper towel and place back on the heat. Add the remaining butter and olive oil to the pan. When the butter is melted and bubbly, add the plantains and sprinkle with salt. Saute, while tossing, until the plantains are golden and caramelized on the edges, 6 to 8 minutes. Pour over the stuffing in the bowl. Add the chicken stock and stir or mix with hands.nPour and press the stuffing into an 8 by 8inch oven dish, cover with aluminum foil and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover and cook until the top edges are golden, another 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups herbed or cornbread stuffing cubes, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 12 cup diced onion, 12 cup diced red bell pepper, 1 tablespoon picked fresh thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large plantain with some black areas, peeled and diced into 12inch pieces, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Plantain Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 42767: {instructions: In a large bowl, soften the gelatin by stirring it into 12 cup of the orange juice. Set aside. In a small saucepan, boil 112 cups of the juice and the sugar until the sugar is dissolved. Pour the juice over the gelatin and stir to dissolve. Mix in the remaining 2 cups of juice. Let cool completely. Pour into a 4 12 cup mold or 4 individual serving glasses. Drop blackberries into the gelatin. Chill for 4 hours until set. Pour enough oil into a saucepan to come up the side of the pan 2 inches. Heat the oil to 350 degrees. Drop the noodles into the oil for 10 seconds. Drain the noodles.nTop gelatin with the noodles., ingredients: [2 envelopes gelatin, 1 quart fresh orange juice, divided into 12 cup, 112 cups and 2 cups, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup blackberries, 3 cups vegetable oil, 1 bunch bean thread noodles], title: Orange Gelatine Monster, picturelink: null}, 42768: {instructions: Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking.nFor the dough:nIn a large mixing bowl, combine pizza crust mixes, Italian seasoning, and hot water. Stir about 20 times until a ball forms. Split ball in half and cover each with plastic wrap set aside.nFor the filling:nIn a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and cook ground beef and sausage, stirring frequently to break up clumps. Cook until no longer pink but not totally cooked through, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in mushrooms, olives, cheese and 1 cup of the marinara sauce set aside.nUnwrap dough and put onto 2 parchment lined baking sheets sprinkled with cornmeal. Press out into 2 12inch circles about 14thick pinch together any holes. Spoon the meat mixture into center of each dough round. Slide the second dough circle off the parchment to top the meat mixture. Crimp the edges together. Gently pat entire surface of pizza until flat. Slide pizza onto hot oiled grill. Cook, covered, for about 5 to 6 minutes per side.nWarm the remaining marinara sauce in the microwave. Spoon some sauce on the plate and serve a hot slice of pizza on top., ingredients: [2 6.5ounce packages pizza crust mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning recommended: McCormicks, 1 cup hot water, 1 tablespoon oil, 12 pound lean ground beef, 12 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 2.5ounce jar sliced mushrooms, drained recommended: Green Giant, 1 2.25ounce can sliced black olives, drained recommended: Early California, 2 12 cups marinara sauce, divided recommended: Prego, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese recommended: Kraft], title: Meaty Stuffed Pizza, picturelink: Egl72AWHn82wMTE1CEnS.1lNwpq9vN2}, 42769: {instructions: Special equipment: a 9inch springform pan or 8 individual springform pansnFor the blackberryraspberry ice cream: Place the cream, milk, sugar and salt in a saucepan and bring to a low simmer.nWhisk the eggs in a bowl. When cream mixture reaches 130 degrees F on a thermometer, quickly whisk in the eggs. Cook, stirring constantly, until the thermometer registers 170 degrees F. Remove from the heat and pour the custard through a finemesh sieve.nWhisk the blackberry puree into the custard, then cool over an ice bath. Transfer to an ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturers instructions.nMeanwhile, combine the raspberry puree and sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced by onethird. Let cool.nWhen the ice cream is done churning, transfer it to a rectangular container. Drop spoonfuls of the raspberry mixture on top of the ice cream and swirl in with a butter knife. Freeze.nFor the lemonrosemary olive oil cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9inch springform pan or 8 individual springform pans with vegetable spray.nCombine the sugar and eggs in a stand mixer with the whisk attachment mix just to combine. With the mixer on low speed, slowly drizzle in the olive oil, making sure the oil is well incorporated and emulsified.nMeanwhile, whisk together the flour, salt, baking powder and baking soda in a bowl.nIn a second bowl or a measuring cup, combine the milk, lemon juice, lemon zest and rosemary.nAdd the flour to the stand mixer in three additions, alternating with the milk mixture 2 additions. Begin and end with the flour, and be sure to whisk well after each additionthe batter will be runny. Pour the batter in the prepared springform pan.nBake until the cake is a deep golden brown and bounces back when lightly pressed, 45 to 55 minutes 20 to 25 minutes for individual pans.nCool to room temperature on a rack, then remove the cake from the pan.nFor the lemonrosemary glaze: In a bowl, whisk together the confectioners sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest and rosemary until a glaze consistency similar to heavy cream is achieved. Adjust the consistency with more lemon juice or powdered sugar as needed.nFor the candied lemon peel: Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, then turn off heat.nUsing a vegetable peeler, peel the zest from the lemons slice thinly.nBlanch the lemon zest twice in boiling water, changing the water in between. After the second blanching, strain and add the lemon zest to the simple syrup.nBring the simple syrup to a boil, then turn off the heat and let the lemon zest sit in the simple syrup until translucent and cooled.nFor the black salt sugar cookies: In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and confectioners sugar until light and fluffy. Add the vanilla and egg and mix until combined. Add the salt and flour and mix until a dough forms.nForm the dough into a disk, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 30 to 45 minutes.nRoll out the dough to a 14inch thickness, then cut out cookies using a raindropshaped cutter.nTransfer the cookies to a parchmentlined baking sheet and sprinkle lightly with black sea salt and blue sanding sugar.nBake in a 350degree oven until golden brown at the edges, 12 to 14 minutes.nFor the raspberry coulis: Combine the raspberry puree and sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced by onequarter. Let cool.nFor the passion fruit coulis: Combine the passion fruit puree and sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil cook until reduced by onequarter. Let cool.nTo finish: Glaze the cake with the lemonrosemary glaze and top with the candied lemon peel.nServe with the two coulis and the ice cream and cookies on the side., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 eggs, 1 cup blackberry puree, 1 cup raspberry puree, 13 cup sugar, 2 cups sugar, 3 eggs, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 14 cups whole milk, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 3 cups confectioners sugar, plus as needed, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, plus as needed, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 cup sugar, 2 lemons, 1 cup butter, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, Hawaiian black sea salt, for sprinkling, Blue sanding sugar, for sprinkling, 1 cup raspberry puree, 13 cup sugar, 1 cup passion fruit puree, 12 cup sugar], title: LemonRosemary Olive Oil Cake with BlackberryRaspberry Ice Cream and a Black Sea Salt Sugar Cookie, picturelink: tSMvHUHtqj2YtIw9frDfCTEfcDhZ6}, 42770: {instructions: To blanch the haricots verts, add beans to boiling, salted water for 20 seconds. Remove beans from boiling water and add to ice water to preserve coloring and prevent further cooking.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the red wine vinegar, horseradish, dill, red onion, sour cream, and yogurt. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nIn separate bowl, fold together the celery, cucumbers, haricots verts, crayfish, and whitefish. Combine the dressing with the crayfish vegetable mixture. Fold in mixed greens, season, and serve., ingredients: [24 crayfish tails, cooked, 1 cup smoked whitefish, meat only, flaked, 34 cup chopped mixed greens, 20 haricots verts French green beans, trimmed, blanched, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 1 tablespoon chopped dill, 14 cup diced red onion, 12 cup lowfat sour cream, 12 cup nonfat yogurt, Salt and black pepper, 12 cup diced celery, 1 cup English cucumbers, peeled and sliced into half moons], title: Smoked Whitefish and Crayfish Salad, picturelink: null}, 42771: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the cookie dough and allpurpose flour using a stand mixer.nRoll out the dough between two sheets of parchment until it is about 14inch thick.nCut the shape of a Christmas tree and transfer the tree to a baking sheet. Combine the remaining scraps of dough and roll out to the same thickness as before. Cut the rolled scraps with assorted cookie cutters, these will be used as ornaments to decorate your tree. Place on a separate baking sheet. Bake the tree for 16 to 18 minutes and the smaller decorations for 12 minutes. Let cool completely and decorate as you wish., ingredients: [1 log store bought sugar cookie dough, at room temperature, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Desired cookie decorations, Special equipment:, Rolling pin, Assorted cookie cutters], title: Christmas Tree Cookie Cake, picturelink: oEtuAyGUe8s0NW5.mmsseIncNFMFku}, 42772: {instructions: Simmer lentils in salted water for 45 minutes until tender. The lentils will double in size. Meanwhile, saute onions and carrots in 2 tablespoons olive oil until soft. Transfer vegetables to a large mixing bowl. Add sugar, parsley, red wine vinegar and remaining olive oil.nDrain lentils well and add them to mixing bowl. Toss well while lentils are warm. You may need to add more oil and vinegar according to taste. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve warm, room temperature or chilled., ingredients: [3 cups lentils, 1 cup onion, diced, 1 cup carrots, small diced, 3 Tbs. granulated sugar, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, plus 2 Tbs., 14 cup parsley, chopped, salt and pepper to taste], title: Lentil Salad, picturelink: null}, 42773: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the Dashi, soy sauce, mirin, and yuzu. Taste and add more soy sauce, mirin, and yuzu as needed. Refrigerate until cold.nDredge the botan ebi heads in cornstarch. Add enough soybean oil to a skillet to come about 1inch up the sides and heat the oil until its hot. Add the botan ebi heads and fry until golden. Transfer to a plate and set aside.nCombine the daikon sprouts and radish in a small bowl and toss with lemon juice, salt, and pepper, to taste. Divide the dashi mixture evenly among 8 soup plates. Garnish each bowl with a pinch of kombu, topped with a piece of uni, and then a pinch of shiso. Then make another pile of fat choy topped with 1 botan ebi and a fried botan ebi head. Add a few drops of yuzu juice on top and a pinch of scallion julienne. Make another pile with a little aka tosaka, topped with a slice of scallop, a dab of wasabi, and a bit of the daikon sprouts salad.nRinse the kombu in cold water. Put the kombu in a stockpot with the water. Bring to a boil. Turn off the heat and add the bonito flakes. Let steep for 15 minutes and then strain through cheesecloth.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 cups Dashi, recipe follows, 14 cup soy sauce, more to taste, 14 cup mirin, boiled for 2 minutes, more to taste, Bottled yuzu juice, to taste, 8 botan ebi, peeled, heads removed and reserved, Cornstarch, for dredging the heads, Soybean oil, for frying, Daikon sprouts, for garnish, Julienned radishes, for garnish, Fresh lemon juice, for garnish, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Kombu, julienned, for garnish, 8 pieces west coast uni, Shiso leaf, cut in 13inch squares, for garnish, Fat choy, reconstituted in water until soft, for garnish, Finely julienned scallion greens, for garnish, Aka tosaka, rinsed thoroughly, 8 14inch thick slices sashimiquality sea scallop, Grated wasabi, for garnish fresh preferable, but frozen okay, 2 4inch squares kombu, 16 cups cold water, 3 cups bonito flakes], title: Tidal Pool, picturelink: null}, 42774: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the chicken in a bowl with the egg white and 12 teaspoon salt. Let sit covered for 10 minutes. Mix 2 teaspoons vegetable oil into the ground rice cereal, rubbing it in with your fingers. Dredge the chicken strips in the cereal. Place the coated strips in one layer on a rack set in a baking sheet and coat lightly with the nonstick cooking spray. Bake until the chicken has an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 20 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes, then cut into large bitesize pieces.nHeat the remaining teaspoon of oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic, ginger and dried chiles. Stir for a couple of minutes, then add the chicken broth, soy sauce, agave and vinegar. Mix the corn starch with 3 tablespoons water, and whisk into the sauce. Simmer gently for 8 to 10 minutes. The sauce should be thick, but pourable. Keep warm.nPut the broccoli florets in a microwavesafe bowl with 2 tablespoons water. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and microwave until crisptender, about 3 minutes.nDivide the chicken and broccoli evenly among four plates and drizzle the sauce over the top. Serve the rice on the side. Garnish with the sliced scallions., ingredients: [1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1 by 4inch strips, 1 egg white, lightly beaten, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 ounces crispy rice cereal, such as Rice Chex, finely ground rounded 12 cup, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cloves garlic, cracked, 2 ginger coins, cracked, 2 dried red chiles, broken in half, 34 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 12 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons agave syrup, 2 teaspoons distilled white vinegar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 4 cups broccoli florets about 10 ounces, 4 cups cooked brown rice, for serving, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: General Tsos Chicken, picturelink: BXoQJaWh9yjzC9qQEMkoL0A6A1WfC}, 42775: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: chopsticksnCook the breakfast sausage links in a castiron skillet, turning occasionally until done.nIn a large bowl, combine the pancake mix, cornmeal and cinnamon. Stir to combine.nAdd the eggs, vanilla and water, adding more water as needed for the batter to become slightly thick but not overly gloopy. Start out by adding 1 cup, then work your way up to 3 cups or more.nHeat some canola oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat to about 350 degrees F. Drop in a bit of batter to see if its ready the batter should immediately start to sizzle but should not immediately brownburn.nInsert chopsticks into the cooked breakfast sausages so that theyre twothirds of the way through. Dip the sausages into the batter and allow any excess to drip off for a couple of seconds. Carefully drop into the oil stick and all and use tongs or a spoon to make sure it doesnt hit the bottom of the pan and stick. Flip it here and there to ensure even browning, and remove it from the oil when the outside is deep golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes.nServe with warm pancake syrup., ingredients: [16 breakfast sausage links, 3 cups pancake mix, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, Sprinkle of cinnamon, 1 whole egg, slightly beaten, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 3 cups water, Canola oil, for frying, Warm pancake syrup, for serving], title: Sausage PancakesonSticks, picturelink: TTtn31X9Y4uqD4XKUvSJ4GR.zZure}, 42776: {instructions: 1. Heat oil in medium saucepan over medium heat until hot. Add 23 cup of the onion and the garlic cook 5 minutes or until tender, stirring occasionally. Add rice cook and stir 2 minutes.n2. Add tomato sauce, water, ground chile and 1 teaspoon of the cumin. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 45 minutes or until all liquid is absorbed.n3. Meanwhile, place both beans, drained tomatoes, corn, the remaining onion, cilantro, lime juice, hot sauce and the remaining cumin in large bowl. Mix well set aside.n4. When rice is done, stir in salt. Divide hot rice mixture among 8 individual bowls or spread in 13x9inch dish. Top with cheese, lettuce and bean mixture. Serve immediately and top each serving with sour cream., ingredients: [1 can 15 oz each Ranch Styleu00ae Black Beans, drained, rinsed, 1 can 15 oz each garbanzo beans, drained, rinsed, 2 tablespoons Pure Wessonu00ae Canola Oil, 1 cup chopped red onion, divided, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 cups brown rice, uncooked, 2 cans 8 oz each Huntsu00ae Tomato SauceNo Salt Added, 312 cups water, 4 teaspoons ground ancho chile pepper, 114 teaspoons ground cumin, divided, 1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Original Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, drained, 12 cup frozen whole kernel corn, thawed, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 12 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 112 cups shredded reduced fat Mexican cheese blend, 2 cups shredded romaine lettuce, 12 cup reduced fat sour cream], title: Bean Burrito Bowl, picturelink: A9JrJmCnML6UDucKOD75jBd5ouggMUq}, 42777: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: weights such as foil covered bricks or cast iron saute pannIn a small bowl combine the garlic, crushed red pepper, lemon zest and juice, rosemary, pimenton, and cumin. Drizzle in olive oil until the mixture becomes a paste. Place the chicken into a large bowl and massage with the spice mixture. Let marinate for 12 to 24 hours in the refrigerator or 2 hours at room temperature.n If refrigerating the chicken, remove from the refrigerator 45 minutes to 1 hour before cooking to let the chicken come to room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Lay the marinated chicken in the pan, skin side down. Oil the bottom of another large saute pan, lay it on top of the chickens and place bricks or weights in the second saute pan. Cook the chicken until the skin starts to brown, about 5 minutes. Place the whole shootin match in the preheated oven for about 15 minutes.nRemove the pans from the oven and remove the weights and the top pan. At this point the skin should be lovely and dark brown. Check the chicken for doneness, it should be cooked through but still succulent and juicy. Remove the chickens from the pan and reserve on a large platter.nRemove the excess fat from the saute pan and add the white wine. Cook over high heat until the wine has reduced by more than half. Add the chicken stock, season with salt and reduce by half.nArrange chicken on serving plates or a platter. Spoon the juices over. Tastes like chicken, ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 3 sprigs rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 12 teaspoon pimenton, 1 teaspoon toasted ground cumin, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 Cornish game hens, butterflied, backbone and wing tips removed, legs tied with kitchen string, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 34 cup chicken stock], title: Pollo al Mattone, picturelink: zpshsJ8IiC9tkUITFEVuik47vau6y}, 42778: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nCut each rack of ribs in half along the bone so they can be easily stacked. Lay them out on the parchment paper in which they were wrapped for easy cleanup.nSalt and pepper liberally on both sides and pat spices into the meat. Make sure to over season the ribs, because part of the rub will inevitably come off in the pan. On a cookie sheet lined with aluminum foil, stack the ribs close together, about 3 layers high. Place in the oven for 2 hours, shifting the bottom layer of ribs to the top every 30 minutes until they are tender and almost falling off the bone.nOne half hour before serving, transfer ribs to a preheated grill if using coals, make sure they have burnt down to an ember. Brush ribs with Espresso Sauce and close grill. Continue to turn and brush the ribs with sauce every 10 minutes, about 3 more times.nFresh ground black peppernMash garlic with the side of a knife and then mince finely to release oils.nAdd olive oil to a preheated saute pan. Add the garlic and saute until it gets light brown, about 1 minute. Add cider vinegar, soy sauce, ketchup, and honey and stir well. Add a pinch of grey salt, then whisk in the coffee. Add freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Bring to a simmer and simmer for 10 minutes.nLet cool and store in refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 racks baby back ribs about 4 to 6 ribs per person, Grey salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Espresso Sauce, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons mashed and minced garlic, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup soy sauce, 2 cups ketchup, 2 cups honey, Grey salt, 2 demitasse cups espresso or about 12 cup of strong coffee or instant espresso], title: Michael Chiarellos Babyback Ribs with Espresso Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: GBNW6adHFgCYFE67yBusXZ4FeCEMHm}, 42779: {instructions: For the brine: Combine the honey, salt, bay leaves, garlic, rosemary, thyme, red pepper flakes and 1 cup water in a large saucepot. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Turn off the heat and add the ice cubes. Place the turkey and brine into a 1gallon resealable plastic bag. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Remove from the brine and pat dry with paper towels.nFor the herbroasted turkey breast: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine the garlic, parsley, rosemary, thyme, lemon zest, olive oil, salt and black pepper in a small mixing bowl and mix well. Rub the turkey all over with the herbolive oil mixture to completely cover.nPlace the turkey in a large castiron skillet and roast for 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to 300 degrees F and cook until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F, 75 minutes to 90 minutes. Cover with foil if the turkey starts to get too dark. Let the turkey rest for 10 minutes. Reserve all the juices from the bottom of the skillet.nShred the turkey when cool enough to handle and reserve.nFor the grilled cremini mushrooms: Preheat a grill to high. Add the creminis, olive oil, thyme, salt and pepper to a medium mixing bowl and toss well to coat. Place the creminis on the grill and char on all sides, 4 to 5 minutes. Reserve the mushrooms.nFor the garlic butter: In a medium saucepan, combine the butter and garlic over medium heat and cook until the garlic becomes fragrant, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the parsley and mix well. Transfer to a small bowl and reserve.nFor the sandwiches: Increase the oven to 425 degrees F. In the same pan the turkey was roasted in, heat the flour and 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat, whisking together to make a roux. Cook, whisking often, for 5 minutes. Stir in the wine, then add the cremini mushrooms and chicken broth. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until the gravy is reduced by half, 12 to 15 minutes.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and shredded turkey in a large castiron pan over mediumhigh heat. Let the turkey crisp in the pan, 2 to 3 minutes. Lightly brush the rolls with the garlic butter and toast in the oven until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes.nSpoon 1 tablespoon black truffle paste on a roll. Top with 2 ounces of the sliced truffle gouda laid from end to end, a quarter of the crisped turkey and some arugula. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the gravy over the roasted turkey. Make 3 more sandwiches with the remaining ingredients. Serve immediately with extra gravy on the side., ingredients: [12 cup honey, 12 cup kosher salt, 2 bay leaves, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes, 3 cups ice cubes, 1 bonein skinon turkey breast 2 12 to 3 pounds, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped, Finely grated zest of 2 Meyer lemons, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, cut in half, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 to 4 turns of fresh ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons fresh flatleave parsley, chopped fine, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup unsalted chicken broth, 4 torpedo rolls, sliced lengthwise and scooped, 14 cup black truffle pastepate or truffle oil, 8 ounces truffled gouda, sliced, 4 ounces baby arugula], title: Roasted Turkey Sandwich with Cremini and Truffle, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 42780: {instructions: For the guacamole:nCombine the avocados, jalapeno, onion, lime juice, oil and cilantro in a bowl and gently mix until combined. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the grilled tomatochipotle salsa:nHeat the grill to high. Brush tomatoes with 2 tablespoons of the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill until charred on all sides. Remove from the grill, slice the tomatoes in half, remove the seeds and coarsely chop. Whisk together the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil, vinegar and chipotle puree in a small bowl, add the tomatoes and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the hot dogs:nHeat the grill to high. Grill dogs until golden brown on all sides, about 7 minutes. Remove to a plate. Place buns on the grill cut side down and grill until lightly golden brown, about 20 seconds. Place hot dogs in the buns, top with cheese, jalapeno, guacamole, salsa and tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 ripe Hass avocados, peeled, pitted and coarsely chopped, 1 large jalapeno, finely diced, 3 tablespoons finely diced red onion, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 plum tomatoes, 4 tablespoons canola oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chipotle in adobo puree, 8 kosher beef, turkey or chicken hot dogs, 8 hot dog buns, split 34 of the way through, 1 12 cups grated white Cheddar, 8 pickled jalapenos, thinly sliced, Fried blue corn tortilla chips, coarsely crumbled], title: Nacho Dog, picturelink: null}, 42781: {instructions: Split each lobster with a long, sharp knife. Cut each lobster into 8 pieces: two chest halves with legs attached, two lobster tail halves, two large claws and two knuckles that connect the claws and body. Save any juice that exude from the lobster. Refrigerate tails, claws and knuckles.nTurn on oven broiler. Brush a large roasting pan with a little oil, and place the four lobster chest halves on it. When oven is hot, place the pan directly under the broiler unit. Cook the lobster chests, turning frequently, for about 10 minutes, or until they are slightly charred.nWhile chests are cooking, place a tablespoon of olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Peel and mince 6 garlic cloves, and add to the oil. Saute, stirring, until the garlic turns golden brown, about 5 minutes.nRemove chests from the oven and place in the Dutch oven with the garlic and oil. Add the white wine to the roasting pan, and deglaze pan for 30 seconds over a mediumhigh heat. Pour the wine into the Dutch oven. Remove the tomatoes from the cans, and, one by one, squeeze then over the contents of the Dutch oven, finally dropping the crushed tomatoes in. Reserve tomato juice in cans for possible use later. Add any reserved juices from the lobsters. Add the dried chillies, oregano, and basil. Boil ten minutes. Cover the Dutch oven, remove from heat, and let it rest for at least one hour.nWhen almost ready to serve, pick the shells out of the tomato sauce and discard them. Remember to push all bits of tomato and lobster into the tomato sauce before discarding the shells. Add crushed red pepper flakes to taste.nIn a large heavy skillet, place the remaining 3 tablespoons of olive oil over a high heat. Gently peel the remaining 4 cloves of garlic and cut into broad, thin slices. Add the garlic to the oil, and cook until the garlic just starts to burn about 5 minutes. Add the 4 lobster claws, 4 knuckles, and 4 tail halves shell side down, and cook covered for 4 minutes. Turn the lobster pieces over and cook until done, covered, another 3 to 4 minutes. Lower heat to medium, add tomato sauce and stir well. Taste for seasoning and red pepper. If the sauce seems too thick, thin with a little reserved tomato juice. Cook for one minute. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 28ounce cans of whole tomatoes, 2 hot dried red chillies, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 8 torn basil leaves, Crushed red pepper flakes to taste, 2 1 12 pound lobsters, 10 cloves garlic, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup dry white wine], title: Lobster Fra Diavlo, picturelink: null}, 42782: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nShuck the corn and cut the endive heads in half lengthwise. Add the corn and endive to a baking sheet or cutting board, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the corn and endive to the grill and cook until lightly charred on all sides, about 3 minutes for the endive and 5 minutes for the corn.nMeanwhile, in a medium serving bowl, combine all the remaining ingredients.nOnce cooked, remove the corn and endive from the grill. Slice the endive crosswise into 14inch pieces and add to the bowl. Cut the kernels off the cobs and discard the cobs. Add the kernels to the bowl and stir to combine. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if needed. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [4 ears fresh corn, 2 heads Belgian endive, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 3ounce bunch cilantro, leaves only, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup crumbled feta, 12 lime, juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste], title: Summer Corn Salad, picturelink: null}, 42783: {instructions: Heat the oil in a saute pan, add the garlic and brown. Add anchovy, beets, black pepper, hot pepper, and parsley. Cook over medium heat for about 2 minutes.nCook the spaghetti in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente. 30 seconds before the pasta is finished cooking, add the escarole. Strain pasta and escarole together, and toss into the sauce. Serve, adding Parmesan, to taste., ingredients: [1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 4 anchovy fillets, chopped, 3 red beets, julienned, 1 pinch black pepper, 1 small hot pepper, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 pound thin spaghetti, 2 escarole hearts, coarsely chopped, Parmesan], title: Spaghetti del Padrino, picturelink: null}, 42784: {instructions: Combine Parmesan and herbs in a large mixing bowl. Set a 10inch skillet over low heat. Add a 14 cup of Parmesan mix to the pan and sprinkle it so it is evenly spread and you have a lattice effect i.e. it should be a lacey and thin layer. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes until golden and crispy. Carefully remove from the pan and cool on a tray. Repeat with remaining ingredients until used up. Break disks into large crisps.nBreak up walnuts into a rough powder using a mortar and pestle. Add salt and pepper and mix well. Season Parmesan crisps with the powdered walnuts., ingredients: [1 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons toasted walnuts], title: Parmesan Herbed Crisps with Walnut Pepper, picturelink: null}, 42785: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash the lettuce and remove any damaged or wilted outer leaves. Remove the lettuce core and discard. Cut the head into quarters and set it aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise and the ketchup. Add the hot sauce and pepper to taste. Place a lettuce wedge on each serving plate. Drizzle with the dressing. Also serve dressing with chips and pretzels, ingredients: [1 head iceberg lettuce, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons ketchup, Dash of hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Pepper, Chips and pretzels, for serving, optional], title: Trishas Wedge Salad with Thousand Island Dressing, picturelink: DKTj73PoDtusrYunCd082Nlb5jcIqS6}, 42786: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small baking dish arrange the sprigs of thyme along the bottom.nWash the fillets and dry them with paper towels. Rub the fish with the extravirgin olive oil and the lemon juice, and then season with black pepper, to taste.nArrange the fillets in the baking dish on top of the thyme. Next, break up the feta and sprinkle on top of the salmon. Add the white wine to the dish and bake for 20 minutes. Remove the fish from the oven and serve., ingredients: [3 to 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 7 to 8ounce wild salmon fillets, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 lemon, juiced, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces feta cheese, 6 ounces white wine], title: Baked Feta Crusted Salmon, picturelink: null}, 42787: {instructions: Spread mayonnaise on potato bread. Sandwich with sliced meatloaf and tomato jam. Trim the crusts and cut into pieces. Top with more jam., ingredients: [], title: MeatloafTomato Tea Sandwich, picturelink: kwJ7evxe5ev4cwy6q0uGaVP39LkG0Pa}, 42788: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with 72 mini cupcake liners or line a regularsize cupcake or muffin pan with 24 cupcake liners.nSift together the cake flour, baking powder, and salt into a bowl, and set aside.nCombine the graham cracker crumbs and brown sugar in a small bowl and pour in the melted butter. Stir until combined, and set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on medium speed until creamy. Gradually add the sugar and beat about 3 minutes more, or until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Reduce the speed to low and add the egg yolks one at a time, beating well after each addition. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Beat in the vanilla extract and cinnamon. On low speed, mix in 13 flour mixture and 12 the milk, repeat alternating between the flour and milk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Mix just until the flour is incorporated. Do not over beat once the flour mixture is added. Scrape down the sides of the bowl.nWith an electric hand mixer, beat the egg whites until mediumstiff peaks form and fold into the batter. Fold in the graham crackerbrown sugar mixture. Scoop the batter into the lined mini cupcake pan or regularsize cupcake pan. Bake 22 minutes for mini cupcakes or 27 minutes for regularsize cupcakes, or until a cake tester comes out clean. Cool the cupcakes completely before frosting.nCombine the graham cracker crumbs and brown sugar in a small bowl and pour in the melted butter. Stir until combined and set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, fitted with the paddle attachment, beat together the cream cheese and butter on medium speed until smooth. Beat in the vanilla extract, cinnamon, and salt. Reduce the speed to low, and add the confectioners sugar until well blended. Increase the speed to high and beat about 3 minutes more, or until light and creamy. Fold in the graham crackerbrown sugar mixture. Place the icing in pastry bag fitted with a pastry tip. Pipe the icing on the cooled cupcakes. Garnish the cupcakes with graham cracker crumbs, a piece of cinnamon sugar graham cracker, and a sprinkling of cinnamon.nYield: approximately 3 12 cups, ingredients: [3 14 cups cake flour, sifted, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 cup graham cracker crumbs, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup or 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 5 large egg, separated into 5 yolks and reserving only 3 egg whites, room temperature, 2 teaspoons Madagascar bourbon vanilla extract, 2 12 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 13 cups whole milk, room temperature, Cinnamon Sugar Graham Cream Cheese Icing, recipe follows, 12 cup graham cracker crumbs, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, room temperature, 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 teaspoon Madagascar bourbon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, Graham cracker crumbs, for garnish, Cinnamon sugar graham crackers, for garnish, Ground cinnamon, for garnish], title: Cinnamon Sugar Graham Cupcakes, picturelink: S.0GM.scM2QzXJXUpacH6cRMmwOyj6y}, 42789: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBegin by peeling your red onion. Remove the skin and cut off the remaining root. Chop up your red onion into small pieces and set aside. Take your jalapeno and remove the stem with a knife and slice in half. If you like spicy, keep all the seeds, if not, then nows the time to remove them as well as the veins. Place aside. Take your garlic cloves, peel them and put aside.nNow take your chicken thighs. After washing the chicken and removing any unwanted fat, youre now ready to grind the meat, using a meat grinder, grinder attachment or food processor. Place a mixing bowl underneath the grinder to catch the ground meat. While placing the thighs into the grinder, stagger in your jalapeno and garlic cloves so they mix in with the ground chicken thigh. Or if youre using a food processor, just place all the items into the processor and pulse until the ingredients are incorporated and place into a mixing bowl.nAdd the honey, crushed red pepper, curry powder, salt and black pepper and mix until fully incorporated. Preheat a nonstick skillet on medium heat with the veggie oil. While the skillet is heating, patty your burgers into 6ounce patties, and then place in the skillet. Cook each burger 6 to 8 minutes on each side, making sure that each burger is fully cooked and reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F. Now youre ready to dress it up however you like. On a bun, atop a salad or broken up to make chicken salad. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 red onion, 1 jalapeno, 4 cloves garlic, 3 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 2 teaspoons yellow curry powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Curry Chicken Burgers, picturelink: V5SAHQbZjRflm2DH3ljFy4kSWDE55A6}, 42790: {instructions: Preheat a grill. Place the shrimp on skewers and season with salt, pepper, and fresh thyme. Place the shrimp skewers on a platter, drizzle with olive oil, and let marinate for approximately 20 minutes. Place shrimp skewers on grill and cook for about 4 minutes per side.nPeel and mash the avocados with a fork, making sure you leave it a bit chunky. Chop the garlic and cilantro. Add the sour cream, garlic, and cilantro to the crushed avocados. Season with salt and pepper, and add the lemon juice.nTo serve, place a spoonful of the guacamole on a plate. Place the shrimp skewers on top of the guacamole, and garnish with grapefruit supremes., ingredients: [1 pound shrimp, peeled, Salt and pepper, 1 bunch fresh thyme, Olive oil, 4 avocados, 6 cloves garlic, 1 bunch cilantro, 2 ounces sour cream, Salt and pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 pink grapefruits, peeled and supremed pith and membranes cut away, leaving only segments of grapefruit], title: Shrimp Satay with Pink Grapefruit and Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 42791: {instructions: Brush 4 tortillas lightly on one side with the oil. Place 4 tortillas on the grill oiled side down. Top with cheese to taste and another tortilla on each. Turn quesadillas when bottoms are browned and cheese begins to melt. Brown on the other side. Serve hot., ingredients: [8 flour tortillas, 2 cups grated Cheddar cheese, 2 cups grated Jack cheese, Olive oil], title: Cheese Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 42792: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a 12 by 14inch roasting pan or an 11 by 17inch baking pan, combine the brandy, cinnamon, cloves, lemon juice and zest, brown sugar, and butter. Add all the apples, and toss.nRoast until the apples are very soft and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Transfer apples to the bowl of a food processor pulse until smooth. Stir in the salt. Serve warm., ingredients: [14 cup brandy or cider, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch ground cloves, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, plus 1 lemon, zested, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and cut into eighths, 3 McIntosh apples, peeled, cored and cut into eighths, Pinch salt], title: OvenRoasted Applesauce, picturelink: null}, 42793: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat baking sheet lightly with nostick cooking spray.nBEAT shortening, peanut butter and sugar in large bowl of electric mixer at medium speed until well blended. Beat in marmalade, eggs and vanilla.nCOMBINE flour, baking powder and salt in medium bowl. Mix into shortening mixture at low speed until just blended. Stir in butterscotch chips. Drop rounded teaspoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto baking sheet.nBAKE 10 to 12 minutes, or until lightly browned. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheet. Remove to cooling rack., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Butter Flavor NoStick Cooking Spray, 12 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 12 cup Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 34 cup Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Simply Fruitu00ae Orange Marmalade Spreadable Fruit, 2 large eggs, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 tbsp. baking powder, 12 tsp. salt, 1 cup butterscotchflavored chips], title: Peanut Butter Sunshine Cookies, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 42794: {instructions: Cut bacon slab in 12inch pieces and saute until crisp. Drain fat and put aside.nIn a saute pan, melt 2 ounces of butter. Chop and add onion, mushrooms, garlic, and basil. Saute until onion is limp. Drain and add bacon.nIn another saute pan, melt 2 ounces of butter and add all oysters. Cover and saute until oysters firm up. Do not overcook. Drain.nIn a nonstick fry pan, melt 2 ounces of butter. Add eggs. With a spatula stir eggs until you see them start to set on the edges. Slowly stir in the Parmesan. Continue to cook and stir until eggs start to thicken. The purpose is to cause the Parmesan to set in eggs and not go to bottom.nSpray a 4quart baking dish with cooking spray. Transfer eggs, oysters, and bacononion mix from saute pans into the baking dish and add freshly chopped green onion. Completely mix all ingredients in the baking dish. Cover the baking dish with foil and place in a preheated 400 degree F oven.nAfter 10 minutes, remove the foil. Bake an additional 3 to 5 minutes to allow moisture to escape and the ingredients to brown slightly. Remove from oven. Serve at once. Garnish with fennel and nasturtiums., ingredients: [1 16 ounce package sliced bacon, 6 ounces butter, 1 large onion, 1 4 ounce can sliced mushrooms, 2 tablespoons fresh crushed garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh minced basil, 1 quart extrasmall Maryland oysters approximately 35 oysters, 12 eggs, 1 cup fresh grated Parmesan, 1 cup chopped green onions, Fennel, Nasturtiums], title: Caswells on the Bay Hangtown, picturelink: null}, 42795: {instructions: Special equipment: an 8inch springform pannFor the crust: Put the flour, granulated sugar and salt in the bowl of a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the shortening and pulse until it looks like cornmeal. Add the butter and pulse until the butter is about the size of a pea. Add 4 tablespoon ice water and pulse until the dough starts to come together but is still crumbly add the remaining tablespoon water if necessary. Divide the dough into 2 pieces, one made from a third of the dough and the other from the remaining twothirds of the dough. Form each into a disc and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate for 30 minutes or up to overnight.nFor the peach filling: Combine the peach wedges, light brown sugar, quickcooking tapioca, cinnamon, vanilla extract, nutmeg, salt and lemon juice in a large bowl and toss to coat. Set aside.nLightly butter an 8inch springform pan. On a lightly floured surface, roll the larger piece of dough into a 14inch circle, about 14inch thick.nRoll the dough onto a rolling pin, then unroll it into the pan, patting it in gently, leaving a 1inch overhang. Pour in the filling.nRoll out the other piece of dough into a 10inch circle about 18inch thick and place it over the filling press the crust edges together and trim any excess, leaving a 1inch overhang. Roll up or pinch the overhang to seal.nPlace a foillined baking sheet on a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Wrap an oiled, wide band of foil around the edge of the pan like a collar to protect the crust. Make slashes in the top of the crust and chill the pie 30 minutes.nPlace the pie on the foillined baking sheet and immediately reduce the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake the pie for 1 hour. Remove the foil band, brush the crust with heavy cream and sprinkle with some granulated sugar. Continue to bake until golden brown, about 45 minutes more. Let cool 1 hour, then carefully remove the edge of the pan. Let cool completely, about 1 more hour, before slicing., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, plus extra for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 14 cup chilled vegetable shortening, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes, plus extra for the pan, 4 to 5 tablespoons ice water, 2 12 pounds peach wedges from 8 to 10 medium peaches, thawed and drained if frozen, 34 cup light brown sugar, 13 cup quickcooking tapioca, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, Juice of 1 lemon, Oil, for oiling the foil, 1 tablespoon heavy cream], title: Deep Dish Peach Pie, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 42796: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the chilies and red pepper on a baking sheet, toss with 2 teaspoons of the canola oil and roast for 20 minutes. Once cool enough to handle, finely chop.nHeat the remaining teaspoon of canola oil in a saute pan over medium heat, add the onion and garlic and sweat until softened, 5 to 8 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook until lightened in color, 1 to 2 minutes.nCombine the pepper mixture with the vinegar, lime juice, salt, paprika, and red pepper flakes in a food processor and pulse until combined. While the food processor is running, stream in the olive oil slowly to achieve a smooth puree, similar in to texture to ketchup. Set aside 13 of the sauce for serving.nPlace the steak and the remaining 23 of the sauce in a large resealable plastic bag toss to coat and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 to 4 hours.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Remove the steak from the marinade, pat dry with paper towels, and season with salt and pepper. Grill the steak for 4 to 5 minutes per side for mediumrare. Let the steak rest for 10 minutes before slicing thinly against the grain. Serve with the reserved sauce on the side., ingredients: [6 red chilies, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 red bell pepper, cut into large chunks, 3 teaspoons canola oil, 14 cup diced yellow onion,, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 12 cup white vinegar, Juice of 1 lime, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds skirt steak, cleaned and trimmed, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Peri Peri Skirt Steak, picturelink: null}, 42797: {instructions: In a large pot cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1 inch and simmer, covered, until just tender, about 15 to 30 minutes, depending on size of potatoes. In a colander drain potatoes and cool to warm. Cut the potatoes crosswise into 12inchthick slices.nPrepare grill. In a small bowl whisk together the oil, cumin, salt and pepper. Brush both sides of the potato slices with the oil mixture. Brush the ears of corn with the remaining oil mixture. Grill the potato slices for 1 minute per side and transfer to a large bowl. If necessary, the grilled potato slices can be halved or quartered into bitesize pieces at this point. Grill the corn for 3 to 4 minutes rotating once a minute and transfer to a plate. When the corn is cool enough to handle, remove the kernels with a sharp knife. Add the corn to the potato slices. Add the red bell pepper, scallions and 14 cup cilantro leaves. Do not stir to combine.nIn a food processor or blender combine the seasoned rice wine vinegar, chipotle chile, shallot, garlic, lemon juice and remaining cilantro leaves and puree until smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nPour half of the dressing over the vegetables and gently toss to combine. Add the remaining dressing and carefully stir again. Cover and let stand for at least 30 minutes to allow flavors to combine., ingredients: [2 12 pounds mediumsize sweet potatoes, peeled, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ears corn, husked, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 scallions, chopped, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 12 cup seasoned rice wine vinegar, available in most supermarkets or specialty food shops, 1 tablespoon canned chipotle chile with adobo sauce, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 1 minced garlic clove, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Grilled Sweet Potato Salad with Spicy Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 42798: {instructions: Make the topping: Heat the olive oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ham and cook, stirring frequently, until golden, 3 to 4 minutes remove from the heat. Add the apple, vinegar, honey, shallot, parsley, chives, rosemary, thyme, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper to the skillet and toss set aside.nPrepare the tomatillos: Soak the tomatillos in the buttermilk in a medium bowl set aside. Whisk the flour, cornmeal, parsley, mustard powder, onion powder, garlic powder, turmeric, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl.nHeat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a large pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Working in batches, remove the tomatillos from the buttermilk, letting the excess drip off dredge in the flour mixture to fully coat, then fry until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels sprinkle with salt. Serve topped with the appleham mixture and the aioli.nJalapenoCilantro AiolinCombine 1 cup roughly chopped cilantro, 1 chopped seeded jalapeno pepper, 1 large pasteurized egg yolk, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 1 garlic clove, 12 teaspoon kosher salt and a few grinds of pepper in a food processor blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly drizzle in 12 cup olive oil and process until thick.nPhotograph by Jason Varney, ingredients: [For the topping:, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped goodquality ham, 12 Gala apple, cut into matchsticks, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallot, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, For the tomatillos:, 4 medium tomatillos, husked, rinsed and cut into wedges, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup fine yellow cornmeal, 1 12 teaspoons mustard powder, 1 12 teaspoons onion powder, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground turmeric, Vegetable oil, for frying, JalapenoCilantro Aioli, for serving see below], title: Fried Tomatillos With Apple and Ham, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 42799: {instructions: Trim excess fat from duck breasts, reserving fat for sauteing vegetables. Heat a 12inch heavy skillet over high heat until very hot. Pat breasts dry and season with salt. Put breasts, skin side down, in skillet and reduce heat to moderate. Cook breasts 20 minutes, or until skin is crisp and mahoganycolored, removing fat from skillet as it is rendered with a metal bulb baster or very carefully pouring it off. Turn breasts and cook about 2 minutes for mediumrare or to desired doneness. Transfer breasts to a plate and keep warm, covered loosely. While duck breasts are cooking, peel pear and cut into 14inch dice. Pour off all but about 1 tablespoon fat from skillet and saute pear until lightly browned, about 1 minute. In a measuring cup stir together apple juice and cornstarch. To pear add Calvados or Armagnac. Stir in cornstarch mixture, peppercorns, demiglace or bouillon cube, and thyme and simmer, stirring, 2 minutes, or until slightly thickened. Serve duck breasts, sliced, with sauce spooned over them and garnish with thyme sprigs., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless duck breast 4 boneless breast halves, cut from two 5 12 to 6pound ducks, 1 firmripe Bosc pear, 34 cup apple juice, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons Calvados or Armagnac, 1 tablespoon green peppercorns packed in brine, drained and crushed lightly, 1 tablespoon duck or veal demiglace or 12 extralarge vegetarian vegetable bouillon cube, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves or 14 teaspoon dried, crumbled, Fresh thyme sprigs], title: Crispy Duck Breasts with Pear and Green Peppercorn Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42800: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8inch square baking pan with vegetable oil and line the bottom with parchment paper.nMake the cake: Beat the eggs and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer until pale and slightly thick, about 6 minutes. Slowly beat in the melted butter, then beat in the vanilla and 14 cup whole milk.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Sift the flour mixture over the egg mixture, then gently fold together with a rubber spatula to make a thick batter. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Run a knife along the edges to release the cake from the pan.nMeanwhile, whisk the remaining 2 cups whole milk, the evaporated milk, condensed milk and rum in a bowl. Pierce the warm cake all over with a fork, then pour the milk mixture gradually and evenly on top, letting the cake absorb the liquid until all is used. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight.nBefore serving, make the topping: Peel, pit and dice the mangoes. Puree half the mangoes in a blender with 2 tablespoons sugar. Transfer to a bowl and fold in the remaining diced mango.In a separate bowl, beat the heavy cream and the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar with a mixer until soft peaks form. Slice the cake top each piece with the whipped cream and sprinkle with cinnamon. Serve the mango topping on the side.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for greasing, 4 large eggs, 1 cup sugar, 23 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 14 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12ounce can evaporated milk, 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 2 large ripe mangoes, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, Ground cinnamon, for sprinkling], title: Tres Leches Cake with Mango, picturelink: dUw8O2wBIuf6Vai7T8aoBmrXirJCUy}, 42801: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Move a rack to the middle of the oven. Coat a 9by13inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a large pot set over high heat bring 1 gallon of water with 2 tablespoons kosher salt to a boil. Add the penne and cook 2 minutes less than the package directions, stirring occasionally. The pasta will be slightly underdone. Use a measuring cup or ladle to remove 13 cup pasta water and set aside. Drain the pasta into a colander. Return the pasta to the pot and set aside.nMelt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet set over medium heat. Add the flour and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, whisking constantly. Pour in the milk, whisking constantly until the mixture starts to thicken like heavy cream and then becomes almost puddinglike, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the shredded cheese and whisk until smooth, the sauce will be very thick. Add the nutmeg and season with some salt and pepper.nCombine the asparagus, pasta, reserved 13 cup pasta water and cheese sauce and toss well. Season with salt and pepper, then transfer to the prepared baking dish and top with a layer of the cheese slices. Cut the remaining 2 tablespoons butter into 1inch cubes. Sprinkle the panko over the cheese slices, and top with the butter cubes. Bake until the top is golden brown and crisp, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, Kosher salt, 1 pound whole wheat penne, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups vitamin D fortified 1percent milk, 2 cups shredded Swiss cheese, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 bunches raw asparagus, bottom trimmed 2inches and cut into 1 12inch pieces 4 cups, 10 slices Swiss cheese, 1 cup panko or regular breadcrumbs], title: Asparagus and Swiss Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 42802: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Cook the pasta according to the package directions.nCut the Perfect Grilled Chicken into strips. Heat over mediumhigh heat in a skillet until warmed through.nIn a saucepan or skillet over low heat, warm the cream and butter. Season with salt and pepper.nPlace half of the Parmesan into a large serving bowl. Pour the warm buttercream mixture over the top.nDrain the pasta and immediately pour it into the bowl. Toss a couple of times, and then sprinkle in the other half of the Parmesan. Toss to combine, thinning with pasta water if necessary. Top with the chicken slices.nDeliciousnMix together the olive oil, honey, mustard, salt, thyme, oregano and lemon juice in a large shallow container.nPound the chicken breasts to uniform thickness and add them to the marinade. Cover and marinate in the fridge for at least 8 hours.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the chicken in batches until golden brown on the first side, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown on the other side and cooked all the way through, another 4 to 5 minutes. Let the chicken cool.nTransfer the chicken to freezer bags individually and in pairs, so its easy to defrost the exact amount you need. Yield: 24 servings, ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound fettuccine noodles, 4 pieces Perfect Grilled Chicken thawed if frozen, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 stick salted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 2 cups olive oil, 6 tablespoons honey, 3 heaping tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons ground thyme, 2 teaspoons ground oregano, Juice of 12 lemons, 24 boneless, skinless chicken breasts], title: Grilled Chicken and Pasta, picturelink: BECJayVttKZmG8XDFerGai9CfuLwYg.}, 42803: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, using a rubber spatula, mix together the ricotta, mozzarella, 12 cup of the Parmesan, the diced pepperoni and the basil until well combined.nButter one side of each slice of bread. Working buttered side down, spread each slice with 1 tablespoon of the marinara. Divide the cheese mixture among 6 slices of the bread, and sandwich with the remaining slices. For each sandwich, sprinkle the top piece of bread with 1 tablespoon of the remaining Parmesan. Flip, and sprinkle the other side with an additional tablespoon of Parmesan.nTo make all of these sandwiches at once, heat 2 baking pans in the oven for 10 minutes. Spray the bottom of one of the pans with cooking spray, and place the buttered and Parmesaned sandwiches in the pan. Spray the underside of the second pan, and place it on top of the sandwiches. Bake until golden brown and crispy, and the cheese is melted, 10 minutes.nCut each sandwich into 3 pieces. Using a few shreds of mozzarella cheese as glue, make a face using the black olive slices as eyes, the green olive slices as a nose, and the pepperoni slices as a mouth. Melt for 4 minutes in the oven to adhere.nServe with marinara for dipping if desired., ingredients: [1 cup ricotta, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, plus for decorating, 1 14 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 12 cup diced pepperoni, plus 12 large slices and 4 slices for garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 6 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 12 slices rustic white bread, 34 cup jarred marinara sauce, plus more for dipping, optional, 36 black olive slices, 18 green olive slices], title: Pizza Grilled Cheese, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 42804: {instructions: In a blender, blend white rum, guava fruit puree, raspberry vodka, coconut cream and milk. Serve over ice in a glass. Garnish with a cocktail umbrella., ingredients: [1 12 ounces white rum, 3 ounces guava fruit puree, 1ounce raspberry vodka, 3 ounces coconut cream, 2 ounces milk], title: Guavabera Batida, picturelink: null}, 42805: {instructions: Combine mayonnaise and blue cheese. Refrigerate. Combine 1 to 12 cups flour, sugar, salt, and yeast. Melt butter in a pan and stir in onion and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add milk, water, and remove from heat. Then, stir into dry ingredients. Beat in egg and beat for 2 minutes, and then add enough flour to make a soft dough. Knead for 4 to 6 minutes, until smooth and elastic. Cover and let rest on floured board for 10 minutes. Roll dough out into a rectangle, 12 inches by 16 inches. Spread dough with blue cheese mixture, then chicken cut into chunks, wing sauce, and cheeses. Roll up as for a jelly roll, to make a 16inch roll. Transfer to a greased baking sheet and shape into a ring, sealing edges together. Make 8 slashes, cutting about half way down but not all the way through the dough. Bake at 375 degrees for 30 to 35 minutes. Serve warm with celery sticks., ingredients: [13 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup blue cheese, 4 to 4 12 cups flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 packages fleischmanns rapidrise yeast, 14 cup butter, 4 tablespoons finely chopped onion, 34 cup milk, 12 cup water, 1 egg, 2 cups cooked chicken, 13 cup chicken wing sauce, 12 cup pepper Jack cheese, shredded, 12 cup cheddar cheese, shredded], title: Buffalo Wing Ring, picturelink: null}, 42806: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together all ingredients except figs until smooth and season with salt and pepper. Rosemary goat cheese may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring goat cheese to room temperature before serving.nMound goat cheese in center of a platter. Halve figs and arrange around goat cheese for dipping., ingredients: [11 ounces soft mild goat cheese at room temperature about 1 14 cups, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, or to taste, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 pound fresh figs], title: Fresh Figs with Rosemary Goat Cheese, picturelink: bQ6azSS0KpmOLUgnuI3iqyLf0IzF11m}, 42807: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPierce the potatoes a few times with a fork, then place directly on the center rack in the oven. Bake until tender, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the leeks, 1 teaspoon salt and 3 or 4 turns pepper saute until the leeks are wilted, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms and thyme and saute until lightly browned, another 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nHalve the baked potatoes lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inchthick shell. Set aside to cool. Reserve the potato innards for another use.nFill a deep, heavy pot with 3 inches of canola oil heat to 350 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nWorking in batches, fry the potato skins in the oil until crispy and golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nArrange the fried potato skins, scoopedside up, on a baking sheet. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and 3 or 4 turns pepper. Fill the skins with the mushroomleek filling and top with the Brie and prosciutto. Transfer to the oven and bake until the brie is melted and the prosciutto crispy, 6 to 8 minutes. Garnish with the chives and serve., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 6 russet potatoes, scrubbed and washed, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 leeks, cleaned, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper, 2 cups sliced cremini mushrooms, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 8 ounces Brie, cubed, 8 thin slices prosciutto, torn, 14 cup finely sliced fresh chives], title: Elevated Potato Skins, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 42808: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the oil, oregano leaves, garlic, lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste. Pat the chicken dry and place in a resealable plastic bag. Pour the mixture over the chicken and seal the bag, pressing out any excess air, and then turn the bag over several times to distribute the marinade. Put the chicken bag in a shallow dish and marinate, in the refrigerator, for at least 12 hours and up to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degree F.nPlace a grill pan over moderatelyhigh heat until very hot. Place the chicken skinside down and cook until well browned, 10 to 13 minutes. Flip the chicken over and cook for another 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a sheet pan and finish cooking in the oven until golden brown and cooked through, 25 to 30 minutes. Let the chicken rest 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 bunch fresh oregano, leaves picked, 4 cloves garlic, finely minced, Juice of 1 to 2 lemons, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 whole organic chicken, quartered], title: Grilled Greek Chicken, picturelink: 2VyPvcgNGxMUdwKJq5EUIzhmXnInRt2}, 42809: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the salad: Cook the macaroni according to the package directions. Drain and set aside to cool.nHeat an indoor grill and brush with oil. Cook the ears of corn, turning, until browned and cooked through. Cut the kernels off the cobs.nPut the corn in a big bowl with the black beans, olives, tomatoes, green onions and red onions and toss to combine.nFor the dressing: In a separate bowl, whisk together the salsa, sour cream, mayonnaise, cumin and salt and pepper to taste. Pour over the salad ingredients and fold together until everything is coated. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nServe chilled., ingredients: [1 pound elbow macaroni, Vegetable oil, for oiling grill, 2 ears corn, 1 can black beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup finely chopped black olives, 6 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, 12 red onion, finely diced, 1 cup jarred salsa, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mexican Macaroni Salad, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 42810: {instructions: Sift together the flour, salt, and tumeric. Work in the butter and shortening until it has a cornmeallike consistency. Add the egg and the beer, and work until incorporated. Cover with a wet towel, and rest for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, saute the onion, tomatoes, and hearts of palm in butter for 2 to 3 minutes, until soft. Deglaze with the Sherry. Add the tomato paste and cook for 1 minute. Add shrimp and cook for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Let cool to room temperature.nPreheat oil to 350 degrees F.nRoll dough into 1inch balls and flatten into rounds approximately 3inches in diameter. Spoon 1 tablespoon of stuffing onto each round, fold the dough in half, brush edges with egg yolk, and pinch to seal. Fry the empanadas for 4 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons shortening, 1 egg, 12 cup beer, 1 small onion, cut into 12inch dice, 2 plum tomatoes, cut into 12inch dice, 1 14ounce can hearts of palm, drained and palms cut into 12inch dice, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup Sherry, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 pound shrimp, peeled, deveined, and cut into 12inch dice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg yolk, Oil, for frying], title: Brazilian Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 42811: {instructions: Place small scoops of sorbet, using a melon baller, into shot glasses only 1 flavor per glass. Top sorbet with about 1 tablespoon of matching flavored liqueur., ingredients: [1 pint sorbet, Mellon baller, 34 cup favored liqueur], title: Sorbet Shots, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 42812: {instructions: Place 4 Champagne flutes in the freezer for 15 minutes. Remove and add 1 tablespoon of the Chambord to each flute and a few raspberries. Fill each flute to the top with Champagne and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons Chambord, 14 cup fresh raspberries, 1 bottle moderately priced French Champagne, chilled], title: Kir Royale, picturelink: null}, 42813: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the bread in a large bowl and set aside.nWhisk together the cream, vanilla sugar, brandy, salt and eggs or use a blender. Pour over the bread. Let it sit for a few minutes, and then turn the bread over to ensure proper absorption. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add the butter. Sprinkle some flour and some vanilla sugar on top of the bread slices. When the foam from the butter subsides, put the soaked bread in the pan and cook on one side, about 5 minutes. Flip the bread and place the pan in the oven until cooked through and custardy in the middle, 10 to 15 minutes.nServe with powdered sugar and maple syrup., ingredients: [Four 3inchthick slices country bread, 4 cups heavy cream, 1 cup vanilla sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 12 cup brandy, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 9 eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Allpurpose flour, for sprinkling, Powdered sugar, for serving, Maple syrup, for serving], title: Pain Perdu, picturelink: 8dcSqk0ndAhlNLigikIoVImjit3iu}, 42814: {instructions: Peel baby artichokes and place in cold water. Squeeze 1 lemon into the water to prevent the artichokes from browning.nCook the artichokes in boiling salted water until tender, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain, cool, and reserve. Cut the artichokes into quarters and place in a large bowl. Add juice of 2 remaining lemons, olive oil, Parmesan, basil and toss thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [5 pounds baby artichokes, cleaned, 3 lemons, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup sliced Parmesan, 1 cup julienne basil leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Baby Artichoke Salad, picturelink: null}, 42815: {instructions: For the wings:nHeat grill to mediumhigh.nCombine the hot sauce, honey and butter in a small saucepan and cook over medium heat until the butter is melted and the mixture comes together, about 5 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Pour half of the sauce in a bowl and keep the remaining sauce in the pan, warm over low heat.nSeason the wings on both sides with the salt and pepper. Brush the wings with the reserved sauce in the bowl and place on the grill. Grill on each side for 5 minutes or until golden brown and cooked through. Remove wings from the grill and toss with the warm hot sauce. Transfer to a platter and serve with the blue cheese sauce on the side for dipping.nFor the blue cheesecelery dipping sauce:nWhisk together all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 cup hot sauce, 12 cup honey, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 24 chicken wings, tips removed, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup Greek yogurt, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup finely diced celery, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese recommended: Cabrales, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Wings with Red Hot Honey Glaze and Blue CheeseCelery Dipping Sauce, picturelink: OaLgijM5G8OtoU0UdqzA1hUb51miIQ.}, 42816: {instructions: Fill a large pot with water, add 1 tablespoon of salt, and bring to a boil.nMeanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large 12inch saute pan over medium heat. Add the prosciutto and cook for 5 minutes, separating the slices with tongs, until crisp. Remove to a plate and set aside. Add the remaining tablespoon of butter and the onion to the saute pan and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until tender. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the cream, Gorgonzola, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and the pepper and bring the sauce to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 5 minutes, until thickened. Turn off the heat.nWhen the sauce is almost done, add the pasta to the pot of boiling water and cook according to the package directions. Reserve 1 cup of the pasta water and drain the pasta, allowing some of the water to remain. Pour the pasta into the pan with the sauce. Add the peas, Parmesan, basil, and prosciutto and toss well. If the pasta seems dry, add some of the reserved pasta water. Taste for seasonings and serve hot with extra Parmesan., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 4 ounces prosciutto, cut crosswise in 12inchthick matchsticks, 1 cup chopped yellow onion 1 large, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 4 ounces Italian Gorgonzola dolce, crumbled, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 8 to 10 ounces tagliatelle or fettucine, such as Cipriani, 2 cups frozen peas, defrosted 8 ounces, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving, 14 cup julienned fresh basil leaves], title: Straw  Hay with Gorgonzola, picturelink: null}, 42817: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking sheets.nPut the flour, sugar, baking soda, pepper, and thyme into a bowl and whisk together to combine. In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, milk, lemon juice, and zest. Add the liquid ingredients to the dry ingredients, stirring with a wooden spoon until you form a nice smooth dough.nRoll heaping teaspoonfuls of the dough into balls. Place them about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake the cookies about 12 to 15 minutes, or until they are browned around the edges. Let the cookies cool for a few minutes and then transfer them to wire racks to cool completely., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 large lemon, zested and juiced], title: Lemon Thyme Olive Oil Cookies, picturelink: 61S.1Oa.gSfOyRUCuUDQHpc.GyFVj2u}, 42818: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPierce potatoes with fork. Place on center rack of oven and cook for 1 hour.nRemove from oven and let cool slightly. Using a paring knife, cut a canoelike top out of the potatoes. Scoop the flesh into a large mixing bowl, leaving a 12inch thick wall around the skin.nAdd the blanched broccoli to the potatoes. Stir in the butter, sour cream, Cheddar, Gouda, and salt and pepper and mash until creamy.nUsing a small spoon, scoop the filling back into the potatoes. It will be a nice mounded pile of filling. Sprinkle with more of both cheeses on top of the potatoes.nSet the potatoes on a baking sheet and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until heated through and cheese in melted and gooey. Serve with butter, if desired., ingredients: [4 large russet potatoes, each about 34 pound each, well scrubbed, 12 pound broccoli florets, blanched, 4 tablespoons softened butter, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, plus extra for topping, 12 cup shredded smoked Gouda, plus extra for topping, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Butter, for serving, optional], title: Neelys Twice Smashed Baked Potatoes, picturelink: Nt.6YDBhfS8tQGL3AwJFsimlwlp0pwG}, 42819: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange the pears cut side up in an 8inch square glass baking dish. Whisk the apple juice and sugar in a small heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat until the sugar dissolves. Whisk in the butter. Pour the sauce over the pears. Bake until the pears are crisptender and beginning to brown, basting occasionally with the juices, about 35 minutes.nSpoon the pears onto plates. Top with ice cream. Drizzle with any juices and serve.nThe pears can also be served frozen. To do so, cool the pears, then place them in the freezer until frozen solid, about 8 hours., ingredients: [13 cup apple juice, 13 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 firm Bosc pears, peeled, halved, cored about 1 pound, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Roasted Pears with Brown Sugar and Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 42820: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSauce:nIn a medium saucepot, over medium heat, combine the wine, shallots, and garlic and bring to a simmer. Add the basil, cloves, and bay leaf, and let simmer until the liquid is reduced to about 1 cup. When reduced, add the chicken stock, and continue to simmer until reduced by half. Strain into another sauce pan and stir in the butter. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. Keep warm.nChicken:nSeason the chicken lightly with salt, and pepper, to taste. Lay 4 slices of bacon crosswise on a cutting board with the slices slightly overlapping. Put a chicken breast on top of the bacon. Bring the bacon slices up and around the chicken so the entire breast is wrapped. Repeat with the remaining chicken breasts and bacon.nIn a large ovenproof skillet, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. Get the pan and oil hot, and then add the baconwrapped chicken and cook until the bacon is crispy on both sides, about 8 minutes per side. Transfer the pan to the oven and bake, until the chicken is cooked through, about 15 to 18 minutes.nSalad:nWhisk together the lemon juice and olive oil. Season the salad with salt, and pepper, to taste. Put the arugula and fennel into a large bowl and toss until well coated.nScoop some risotto nicely into the center or each plate, making sure it has some height so the chicken can stand up. Cut the chicken on a bias and put on top of the risotto. Drizzle some of the red wine sauce around the plate and directly over the chicken. Top each plate with some arugula salad and serve.nServing suggestion: Three Cheese Creamy Risotto, recipe follows.nHeat a large pot wider is better than taller over medium heat and add the olive oil and pancetta. Cook the pancetta until it begins to crisp, and then add the garlic and shallots. Cook the shallots and garlic until they begin to brown in color. Add the rice and stir well to coat. Cook the rice for 1 minute.nAdd wine and stir well. Stir the rice until the wine is almost completely absorbed. Add in some chicken stock until rice is just covered and stir again until the stock is absorbed into the rice. Continue to gradually add the stock, stirring well after each addition, until the rice is cooked through, but still has a bite. You may not use all of the stock.nWhen rice is cooked, stir in the cheeses and basil. Remove from heat and stir in the butter. Season with salt, and pepper, to taste. The risotto should be smooth, creamy, rich, and delicious., ingredients: [1 bottle lightbodied dry red wine, such as Pinot Noir or Beaujolais, 2 shallots, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, Small bunch fresh basil, 2 cloves, 1 dry bay leaf, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons cold butter, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, about 1 pound, preferably organic, trimmed and squared off a bit, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 slices bacon, not thick cut, from 16ounce package, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed Meyer lemon juice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups baby arugula, 2 ounces, trimmed and washed, 1 small fennel bulb, thinly sliced, 1 12 cups, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 14inch thick slices pancetta, 4 34ounces, diced, 1 cup, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 13 cups Arborio rice, 9ounces, 12 cup white wine, 3 cups chicken stock, heated, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1ounce, 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, 1 12ounces, 1ounce goat cheese, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Crispy BaconWrapped Chicken with Three Cheese Creamy Risotto and Arugula Fennel Salad, picturelink: vWISENdaf4eKobI2CHRWfXynHUGMm5K}, 42821: {instructions: For the salmon: Combine the soy sauce, sesame oil, rice wine vinegar, and fresh orange juice in a shallow dish. Add the salmon and marinate for 24 hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray.nMix the sesame seeds together. Dredge 1 side of the salmon in the sesame seeds and pan sear the seeded side only. In a saute pan over high heat, add a touch of sesame oil and sear the fillet in the middle of the pan until you smell the sesame seeds cooking, about15 seconds. Flip to the other side and cook for 10 seconds. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and cook until desired doneness, 6 to 10 minutes.nFor the vinaigrette: In a food processor, blend the miso paste with the sesame oil and rice wine vinegar. Slowly add the olive oil, soy sauce, and salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the vegetables: In a skillet over mediumhigh, saute the zucchini, yellow squash, and carrot in the olive oil, sesame oil, and soy sauce for about 45 seconds.nFor the salad: In a large bowl, toss the greens with 2 ounces of the misosoy vinaigrette and arrange on a plate. Place the stirfried vegetables on top. Sprinkle with the cashews and tomato slices. Arrange the salmon on top and drizzle with a little sweet soy sauce.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 ounces soy sauce, 1 ounce sesame oil, plus more for frying, 4 ounces rice wine vinegar, 1 orange, juiced, 1 5ounce salmon fillet, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 ounce black sesame seeds, 1 ounce white sesame seeds, 4 ounces miso paste, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 cups olive oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Salt and pepper, 12 ounce olive oil, 12 ounce sesame oil, 12 ounce soy sauce, 1 zucchini, cut into julienne, 1 yellow squash, cut into julienne, 1 carrot, cut into julienne, 12 ounces baby field greens, 1 plum tomato, sliced, 2 ounces toasted cashews, 12 ounce sweet soy sauce], title: Sesame Seared Salmon Salad, picturelink: null}, 42822: {instructions: Preheat a wood fire or outdoor charcoal grill to medium heat.nIn a Dutch oven placed on the grill grate or directly on the embers of the fire, cook bacon until crisp. Add onions and cook until transparent, about 5 minutes.nPut potatoes into a large mixing bowl. Add parsley, seasoned salt and pepper, to taste. Mix all ingredients well. Put potatoes into the Dutch oven, and add water and butter. Cook, covered, until potatoes are browned and tender, about 20 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [14 pound bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 12 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into bitesize chunks, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon seasoned salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces], title: Dutch Oven Potatoes, picturelink: 6G1wANIOWcdIVM6oCE86HbqqZguLa}, 42823: {instructions: Cut the cleaned fish fillets into medium sized pieces. In a large nonreactive bowl, whisk together the marinade ingredients. Add the pieces of fish and whole shrimp so that all the seafood is coated with the mixture. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.nFor the StockFumet: In a large stockpot over lowmedium flame, heat the oil and butter. Saute the leek, onion, garlic, and fennel for 5 minutes until tender. Deglaze with Pernod, cooking for 5 minutes to allow the alcohol to evaporate. Place the bouquet garni in the stockpot tied to the handle for easy removal. Add the cold water, wine, canned tomatoes and fish parts. Season with saffron and pepper. Simmer gently for 10 minutes, stirring to mingle flavors. Allow the stock to slowly simmer. Skim and discard the fish foam that rises to the surface. Do not boil If the stock boils, these impurities will be incorporated into the liquid. Simmer for 15 minutes, turn off heat and let steep for 15 minutes. Pass the fumet through a strainer lined with cheesecloth.nFor the Broth: Heat the olive oil in a stockpot over medium heat. Saute the onion, garlic, parsley and orange zest. Add the clams, mussels, Pernod and wine. Steam open, about 2 minutes. Stir in fennel, leek, tomatoes, bay leaf and fumet. Season with saffron, salt and pepper, Add the fish pieces to the broth. Simmer for 3 minutes until the fish is opaque. Add tomato paste and adjust seasonings.nFor the Rouille: Broil the tomato and bell pepper, turning to blacken all sides. Place the roasted pepper in a paper bag, close it, and let it sweat for 5 minutes so it is easier to peel the skin. Remove from bag, peel the skin and discard the seeds and stem. Peel and cut the tomato, squeeze out the seeds. In a food processor, puree the potato, roasted pepper, tomato, mayonnaise, fumet, garlic, saffron and cayenne. Season with sea salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until needed.nFor the Croutons: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly brush the baguette slices with olive oil and bake on a cookie sheet until crisp. Set aside.nLadle the soup into individual serving bowls. Spoon the rouille over the croutons and place in bowl. Garnish with parsley and basil., ingredients: [12 pound medium sized shrimp, whole  have fishmonger devein and shell, 1 dozen mussels in the shells, debearded and scrubbed, 2 dozen clams, scrubbed, 12 cup virgin olive oil, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 2 tablespoons Pernod, 2 fresh thyme sprigs, chopped, 2 fresh chervil sprigs, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 14 teaspoon saffron threads, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 leek, split, 1 onion, peeled and halved, 1 garlic bulb, halved, 1 fresh fennel bulb, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons Pernod, 1 small bunch fresh chervil, 1 small bunch fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, strips of orange peel, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds and 8 black peppercorns  secure in cheesecloth tied with string, 2 cups cold water, 2 cups dry white wine, 3 12 cups canned chopped tomatoes, Reserved fish bones and heads, Pinch saffron threads, Pinch cayenne pepper, 14 cup virgin olive oil, 1 onion, peeled and diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon flatleaf parsley, chopped, 12 small orange, zested, Clams and mussels, 1 tablespoon Pernod, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 fennel bulb, chopped, 1 leek, split and chopped, 2 tomatoes, peeled and diced, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Marinated fish and shrimp, Remaining fumet, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, Fresh flatleaf parsley and basil, for garnish, 1 large tomato, 1 red bell pepper, 1 potato, peeled and boiled, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup fumet, 5 garlic cloves, Pinch each saffron and cayenne pepper, Sea Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 baguette slices, each approximately 38inch thick, 12 cup virgin olive oil], title: Bouillabaisse, picturelink: null}, 42824: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine all ingredients but cherries, stir to mix well. Cover and chill to blend flavors, 3 hours or longer. Just before serving blend in cherries., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons minced chives or onions, 14 cup finely minced parsley, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 cup sour cream, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, Salt and pepper, 12 cup chopped Michigan Dried Cherries, Serve with red and yellow peppers, endive, celery, zucchini and blanched sugar snap peas and broccoli.], title: Blue Cheese Dip with Michigan Dried Tart Cherries, picturelink: null}, 42825: {instructions: Heat the canola oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until slightly tender about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the paprika, red pepper flakes and garlic. Saute for 1 minute, then stir in the tomatoes, white beans and spinach. Reserve 1 12 cups of beans and 14 cup spinach for Round 2 Spanish Dip recipe. Cook stirring every couple of minutes, until heated through, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 3 15ounce cans white beans, drained and rinsed, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed], title: Spicy Spinach Stew, picturelink: null}, 42826: {instructions: Put peppercorns in a small resalable plastic bag and hit with a rolling pin until coarsely crushed. Pat the steaks dry with paper towels and season well salt. Dip 1 side of each steak into the peppercorns and press to help adhere.nHeat the butter and oil in a 10inch heavybottomed frying pan over mediumheat until just smoking.nAdd the steaks, peppercorn side up to the hot pan and cook, undisturbed, about 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook, pressing the steaks down in the pan so that the peppercorns adhere, about 4 to 5 minutes for mediumrare. Remove to a cutting board, tent with foil, and let rest at least 5 minutes.nMeanwhile discard all but 1 tablespoon of the drippings, return the pan to the stove over medium heat, add the shallots and cook until softened, about 1 minute. Stir in the beef broth and brandy. Scrape the bottom of the pan to incorporate any browned bits and cook until slightly thickened, about 4 to 5 minutes.nAdd the cream and any accumulated meat juices and simmer until the sauce coats the back of a spoon, about 2 minutes. Stir in vinegar and season, to taste, with salt. Transfer the steaks to serving plates and drizzle with the sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 2 blade aka flat iron steaks, gristle removed, Salt, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 medium shallots, thinly sliced, 12 cup beef broth, 14 cup brandy, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon white wine vinegar], title: Steak au Poivre, picturelink: Ixl12iZSIyH1nMCDKWfKdlt1jSykyLq}, 42827: {instructions: Place jicama, cabbage, and carrots in a large bowl. Whisk together the lime juice, vinegar, ancho powder, honey, and oil in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the dressing over the jicama mixture and toss to coat well. Fold in the cilantro. Let stand at room temperature for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 large jicama, peeled and finely shredded, 12 Napa cabbage, finely shredded, 2 carrots, shredded, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves], title: Jicama Slaw, picturelink: null}, 42828: {instructions: 1. Whisk the egg with the scallion whites, ginger, soy sauce and 3 tablespoons of the mayonnaise in a large bowl. Finley grate the zest and add it and the juice from 12 the lime to the mixture. Cut the remaining 12 lime in wedges and reserve for serving. Fold the crabmeat, shrimp, and 4 tablespoons of the panko into the mixture and season with pepper.n2. Put some panko in a shallow bowl for breading. Divide the crab mixture evenly into 4 patties, about 3 inches in diameter. Coat each patty all over with the panko, transfer to a plate and refrigerate until set, about 30 minutes.n3. Meanwhile, put the wasabi powder in a small bowl, stir in 2 tablespoons water and let stand for 5 minutes. Stir in 2 tablespoons mayonnaise. This should be the consistency of heavy cream. Set aside.n4. Preheat the oven to 375 F.n5. Heat the oil in a large ovensafe nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the crab cakes and cook until light brown and crisp, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake the crab cakes until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F inside, 8 to 10 minutes.n6. Drain on paper towels. Serve the crab cakes on a bed of sprouts if desired, top with the scallion greens, wasabi mayonnaise and lime wedges.nFrom Food Network Kitchen: This recipe has been updated and may differ from what was originally published or broadcast., ingredients: [1 large egg, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, white and green parts, separated, 2 teaspoons finely grated freshly peeled ginger, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 5 tablespoons lowfat or regular mayonnaise, 1 lime, 8 ounces jumbo lump crabmeat, drained and picked over for shells, 8 ounces bay shrimp, deveined and finely chopped, 4 tablespoons panko Japanese breadcrumbs, plus up to 2 cups for breading, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon wasabi powder, 14 cup vegetable oil, Sprouts for serving, optional], title: Shrimp and Crab Cakes with Wasabi Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 42829: {instructions: Scoop vanilla ice cream into dessert cups. Top each cup with 1ounce orange liqueur. Garnish with orange zest and slices of orange., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, 4 ounces orange liqueur, such as Cointreau or Grand Marnier, 1 orange, zested, 4 thin slices navel orange, for garnish], title: Orange Cream Liqueur Dessert, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 42830: {instructions: Toast walnut pieces in a small pan or toaster oven until lightly browned. Remove from heat and cool.nPlace a large pot of water on to boil. When it comes to rolling boil, salt the water and cook tortellini to package directions.nHeat 1 cup chicken stock or broth to a boil and remove from heat.nUsing a food processor, working in batches, grind spinach leaves with nuts, chicken stock, and garlic. Transfer ground spinach nut paste to a large bowl. Stir in the cheese, nutmeg, and olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCoat hot, cooked tortellini with sauce, tossing in the bowl you prepared sauce in. Turn pasta out on to a serving platter and garnish with a few baby spinach leaves and edible flowers., ingredients: [4 ounces chopped walnuts, 2 family size 18ounce packages, cheese or mushroom and cheese filled fresh tortellini sold on dairy aisle of market, 1 cup chicken stock or broth, 10 ounces 1 package baby spinach, reserve a few leaves for garnish, 2 cloves garlic, 23 cup a couple of handfuls grated Parmigiano or Romano, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg or freshly grated, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, Edible flowers, optional plate garnish, nice for parties], title: Tortellini with Spinach Walnut Pesto, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 42831: {instructions: Wash and dry fresh spinach, and chop finely, or drain the thawed spinach. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine coconut, cumin, cayenne, turmeric, salt, and green chile with enough water about 14 cup to make a thick paste. Set aside.nIn a wok or large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the mustard seeds and when they begin to pop, toss in the dried chiles, curry leaves, and shallots and fry for 2 minutes or until the shallots begin to soften but not brown. Add the spinach and cook, stirring constantly until spinach is half cooked, about 5 minutes. Stir in the coconut paste and continue cooking, stirring constantly for another 5 minutes or until the spinach is tender. Remove from the heat and adjust seasoning., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh spinach or 2 10ounce packages frozen, chopped spinach, thawed, 34 cup grated unsweetened coconut, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 fresh green chile serrano or Thai, split lengthwise, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon brown mustard seeds, 2 dried red chiles, 10 to 12 fresh curry leaves optional, 1 cup finely chopped shallots or onion], title: Spinach Thoren, picturelink: null}, 42832: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat an 8 by 8inch baking dish with cooking spray.nFor the filling: In a large bowl, toss the berries with whole wheat flour, sugar and zest. Transfer the berry mixture to the baking dish and set aside.nFor the topping: In a medium bowl whisk together the wholewheat flour, allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons of sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Cut in the butter using 2 knives or a pastry cutter until many small pebblesized pieces are formed.nIn a small bowl or pitcher, whisk together the buttermilk and oil. Add the buttermilkoil mixture to the dry ingredients and mix until just moistened. Do not over mix. Drop the batter onto the fruit forming 6 mounds. Sprinkle with the remaining teaspoon of sugar. Bake for 30 minutes, until fruit is bubbly and top is golden. Let stand for at least 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, Two 12ounce bags frozen mixed berries, thawed about 6 cups, 14 cup wholewheat flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 orange, zest finely grated about 2 teaspoons, 14 cup wholewheat flour, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon sugar, divided, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 13 cup lowfat buttermilk, 2 tablespoons canola oil], title: Mixed Berry Cobbler, picturelink: 59oLp2F2QvLZJyuZa9NysF.sQUpD9f.}, 42833: {instructions: In a large cooking pot combine beef stock, wine, bay leaves, peppercorns, garlic and salt over medium heat, bring to a low boil. Place brisket in boiling mixture, fat side up, and cook at a low simmer for 4 12 hours, or until tender.nRemove brisket from pan and place on the top rack of a grill or smoker and cook for 1 hour. Baste with BBQ sauce. Remove from grill or smoker and let cool for 15 minutes. Slice thinly and serve., ingredients: [2 12 gallons good beef stock, 1 bottle dry red wine, 4 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns, 5 cloves garlic, 12 cup kosher salt, One 8 to 10pound brisket, fat cap on, 2 12 cups of your favorite BBQ sauce], title: Brisket, East Texas Style, picturelink: null}, 42834: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer combine, the sugar cookie dough, cream cheese, eggs, and extract.nFit a cookie press or resealable plastic bag with a star template or 34inch star tip. Pipe dough in 2 12inch lines, 2 inches apart on an ungreased cookie sheet. Press a cherry half at the base of each shell. Bake for 12 minutes, until brown on bottom and raw look is gone from tops., ingredients: [1 1 pound, 1.5 ounce package dry sugar cookie mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened and cut into pieces, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons cherry extract, 12 red or green candied cherries, halved], title: Cherry Shells, picturelink: LzIsrlt37QE.hQqRdYqa6iwwCb1QqG2}, 42835: {instructions: In each glass filled with ice, or a large pitcher filled with ice, pour in the grape juice, lemon juice and lemonlime soda. Stir gently. Garnish with sliced grapes and lemons.nChefs Note: You can mix the drink in a pitcher and then pour over ice filled glasses., ingredients: [Ice, 3 cups unsweetened white grape juice, 12 cup lemon juice, 2 cups lemonlime flavored carbonated beverage, 1 small bunch grapes, washed and halved, 1 lemon, sliced into rounds], title: LemonGrape Coolers, picturelink: null}, 42836: {instructions: Special equipment: a waffle makernPreheat a waffle maker to the regular setting according to the manufacturers instructions.nCrack the eggs into a bowl and whisk. Chop up the slice of ham, then mix the ham and cheese into the eggs.nSpray the waffle maker with cooking spray, then pour over the egg mix. Close the lid and cook about 4 minutes., ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 slice ham, 2 tablespoons grated mozzarella, Cooking spray, for spraying the waffle maker], title: Wafflet, picturelink: YjspT11MHuC2Ps9q4xh9mRht31.QsYK}, 42837: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine strawberries, sugar, and liqueur. Let stand 1 hour, stirring occasionally.nSet up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking.nIn a shallow bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, liqueur, and sugar. Coat each slice of bread on both sides with egg mixture. Place coated bread slices on hot oiled grill. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side.nTo serve, place 1 piece of French toast on plate. Top with strawberries and whipped topping. Add another slice of French toast and repeat.nINDOOR: Prepare bread slices as directed. Melt 2 to 3 tablespoons of butter on a hot griddle over mediumhigh heat. Cook prepared bread slices until golden brown on both sides. Serve as directed., ingredients: [16 ounces frozen strawberries, thawed, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 3 eggs, 12 cup milk, 14 cup orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, optional, 2 tablespoons sugar, 6 thick slices bread, cut in 12 diagonally, Whipped topping recommended: Cool Whip], title: Grilled Grand Marnier French Toast with Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 42838: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix together the calamari rings, garlic, chili flakes, sea salt, and freshly ground black pepper. Set aside. Heat a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Toss in the chorizo and cook, shaking frequently, for 3 to 5 minutes or until slightly browned. Transfer the chorizo to a plate lined with a paper towel. Wipe out the skillet and return to high heat. Add the oil to the skillet and heat until very hot. Add the calamari mixture to the skillet be careful because the pan will flame. Saute for a few minutes and then add the chorizo, beans and their juice, red bell peppers, parsley, lemon juice, and butter. Bring to a boil and simmer for 1 to 2 minutes. Adjust seasonings. If there isnt enough liquid, add a few tablespoons of clam juice or water. To serve, pour the stew into a shallow bowl and pass the croutons.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the olive oil, garlic, parsley, sea salt, and freshly ground black pepper together. Cut the baguette into 14inch slices at a severe angle. Lay baguette slices on a cookie sheet and brush with the seasoned oil. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden., ingredients: [12 ounces calamari, cut into 14inch rings, 12 tablespoon chopped garlic, 14 teaspoon red chili flakes, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces chorizo Bilbao, sliced into 14inch disks, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup cooked white beans, in their juice, 1 red bell pepper, roasted, seeded, cut into 14inch dice, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Croutons, for garnish, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, creamed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 baguette], title: Seared Calamari with White Beans and Chorizo, picturelink: null}, 42839: {instructions: Toppings: Sauteed green pepper, onion and ham, paprika and chopped parsley on cheesy skinsnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Western Omelet Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 42840: {instructions: In a large saucepan of boiling water blanch the peaches and the nectarines for 30 seconds, drain them, and let them cool. Peel, pit, and slice the fruit. In a large saucepan combine the sugar with 12 cup water, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring, and simmer it for 4 minutes. Add the fruit and the lemon juice and simmer the mixture for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the fruit is soft. Stir in the Southern Comfort, a pinch of salt, and the cinnamon. In a blender or food processor blend the mixture until it is smooth, transfer the puree to a bowl, and stir in the almonds. Serve the sauce warm., ingredients: [2 peaches, 1 nectarine, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Southern Comfort, or to taste, Pinch of cinnamon, 14 cup sliced blanched almonds, toasted lightly], title: Peach and Nectarine Sauce with Almonds, picturelink: null}, 42841: {instructions: Pulse the garlic, ginger, 1 tablespoon olive oil and the paprika in a food processor to make a paste. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlicginger paste, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper cook, stirring occasionally, until the paste begins to fry slightly, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl let cool.nMake about sixteen 1inchdeep slits all over the leg of lamb with a paring knife. Stuff the chopped mint and some of the garlicginger paste into the slits. Rub the remaining paste all over the outside of the lamb. Wrap the lamb in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight.nBring the lamb to room temperature 30 minutes before roasting. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Unwrap the lamb, season with salt and pepper and place on a rack in a roasting pan. Pour 1 cup chicken broth into the pan. Transfer to the oven and roast until the lamb starts browning, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the remaining 2 cups chicken broth, the vinegar and sugar in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil remove from the heat and set aside.nRemove the lamb from the oven baste with the broth mixture. Continue roasting, basting every 30 minutes, until the lamb is golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 130 degrees F, about 1 12 more hours. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 20 minutes before slicing.nMeanwhile, spoon off any excess fat from the pan juices add the pan juices to the remaining broth. Heat the broth mixture over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until reduced by about onethird, about 5 to 7 minutes. Top the lamb with mint and serve with the broth mixture.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 heads garlic, peeled, 1 3inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 7 to 8pound bonein leg of lamb, 2 cups firmly packed fresh mint leaves, chopped, plus more for topping, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons sugar], title: Roast Leg of Lamb with Ginger and Mint, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 42842: {instructions: 1. In food processor bowl combine beans, yogurt, oil, lemon juice, dill, lemon peel, cumin and pepper sauce. Cover and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper if desired.n2. Transfer to serving bowl. Cover with plastic wrap, pressing wrap onto dip surface. Refrigerate for 1 to 24 hours.n3. Before serving, garnish with dill sprigs if desired. Serve with KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE Flatbread Crisps  Sea Salt and Olive Oil crackers., ingredients: [2 cans 15oz. each cannellini beans or other white beans, rinsed and drained, 14 cup plain Greek yogurt, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 4 teaspoons grated lemon peel peel from 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, Kosher salt optional, Freshly ground black pepper optional, Fresh dill sprigs optional, Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Flatbread Crisps  Sea Salt and Olive Oil crackers], title: The Real Dill Deal, picturelink: ftwehhWbNyUMhoBD3.ZNPICS3dkjS}, 42843: {instructions: Trim all crusts from bread. Spread 4 slices with herb soft cheese. Top each cheese covered slice with 2 slices each of prosciutto, 3 leaves of arugula, thinly sliced tomatoes seasoned with a pinch of salt. Place a completed layer a top another, making 2 stacks each 2 layers high. Set the final trimmed bread slices in place, making 2 tripledecker sandwiches. Thinly slice and salt the radishes. Pierce a couple of thin slices of radish on each toothpick as you place 4 toothpicks in each sandwich. Cut each sandwich into 4 equal parts, cutting the sandwich across evenly on each side. The yield will be 8 tripledecker, squareshaped, club finger sandwiches, 2 per portion., ingredients: [6 slices thin cut white bread recommended: Pepperidge Farm Thin White Sandwich Bread, 1 cup soft, spreadable herb cheese recommended: Alouette, 8 slices prosciutto di Parma, 12 leaves fresh arugula or basil spicy vs. sweet, 2 plum tomatoes, thinly sliced, Salt, 2 radishes, thinly sliced, Toothpicks], title: Italian Club Finger Sandwiches, picturelink: 1aYeOwDgaRqO6uh8yDPkasBqwETdsFi}, 42844: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees . Toast the pecans on a baking sheet in the preheated oven for 8 minutes. remove the nuts from the oven and set aside to cool at room temperature until needed.nHeat 1inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. With the heat on, place the white chocolate in the top half of the double boiler. Use a rubber spatula to stir the chocolate until completely melted and smooth, about 4 minutes. Transfer the melted chocolate to a 1quart bowl and set aside. Thoroughly wash and dry the top half of the double boiler.nHeat 1 inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. With the heat on, place the semisweet chocolate in the top half of the double boiler. Use a rubber spatula to stir the chocolate until completely melted and smooth, about 6 minutes. Transfer the melted chocolate to a 4quart bowl. Allow the chocolate to stand at room temperature for 5 minutes before proceeding. Add the pecans to the bowl of melted semisweet chocolate. Use a rubber spatula to fold in the pecans until combined. Pour the chocolate pecan mixture onto a nonstick baking sheet with sides and use a rubber spatula to spread evenly. drizzle the white chocolate, one tablespoon at a time, over the entire surface of the chocolate pecan mixture.nUse a rubber spatula to spread and blend the white chocolate into the surface of the chocolate pecan mixture creating a marbleized effect be careful not to overblend which would diminish the marbleized effect. Allow the mixture to cool at room temperature for 30 minutes. Cover the baking sheet with plastic wrap and refrigerate until the bark is hard, about 1 hour. Remove the baking sheet from the refrigerator and transfer the bark to a cutting board. Use a cooks knife to cut the bark into irregular pieces. Refrigerate in a tightly sealed plastic container until ready to use., ingredients: [3 cups pecan halves, 6 ounces white chocolate, chopped into 14inch pieces, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped into 14inch pieces], title: White and Dark Chocolate Dogwood Bark, picturelink: null}, 42845: {instructions: In a blender, blend the soy sauce, mirin, sake, black pepper, daikon radish, Asian pear, apple and garlic until smooth.nRub the short ribs with the vegetable oil and season with ample kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Set a large castiron pan over high heat, and, when very hot, sear the ribs until goldenbrown on all sides, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Only sear as many ribs as will fit comfortably in the pan work in batches if necessary. Resist the urge to turn the meat before each surface has formed a crust. Trust us, it will pay off in the end Drain the seared ribs of their fat.nPlace the seared meat at the bottom of a slow cooker. Add the potatoes, onion, carrot and mushrooms on top. Cover with a layer of rice cakes then pour in soy sauce mixture and stock on top. The sauce may have settled, so give it a good stir before pouring.nCook on the slow cookers low setting until the meat is fork tender and falls off the bone, about 6 hours.nAlternatively, if not using a slow cooker: If youre not down with the electric cooker, that is very much OK. Sear the meat in a Dutch oven, drain the fat, and layer in the vegetables, rice cakes, sauce and beef stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to very low and simmer gently, stirring occasionally, until the meat is fork tender, about 2 hours., ingredients: [1 cup light soy sauce, 14 cup mirin, 14 cup sake, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 12 cup peeled and chopped daikon radish, 1 Asian pear, peeled, cored and sliced, 1 red apple, peeled, cored and sliced, 4 garlic cloves, 4 pounds bonein short ribs, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt and black pepper, 4 large Yukon gold potatoes, roughly chopped, 1 medium onion, quartered, 1 medium carrot, large dice, 6 dried shiitake mushrooms, chopped, 1 cup rice cakes, the discshaped variety used for soup, 1 cup beef stock], title: Beef Short Rib Stew Slow Cooker Kalbijjim, picturelink: FIt8e1EpQZaVCX2wqgVAZrOKhyat6}, 42846: {instructions: In a large saucepan, saute onion, celery and carrots over mediumhigh heat. Add peas and ham hock and cover with stock by a couple inches. Bring to a simmer and cook about 1 hour until soup is thick and peas have almost disintegrated but not quite. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Remove ham hock and let cool. Pull meat from ham hock bone and shred. Garnish with ham and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 large onion, finely diced, 2 celery stalks, finely diced, 2 carrots, finely diced, One 1pound bag split peas, rinsed and picked through, 1 12 pound smoked ham hock, 2 quarts chicken stock, water, or combination, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Split Pea Soup with Ham Hocks, picturelink: eRfMVwRre5fPu4qLK6xMFvu4Cnpgu}, 42847: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a pitcher and stir to combine. Pour over ice and serve., ingredients: [1 quart ruby red grapefruit juice, 10 fresh mint leaves , torn in 12, 2 shots orange liqueur, 8 shots tequila], title: Grapefruit Margarita, picturelink: ObCkDIQNzzFGLwr0wG2XOYdbnOQgBi}, 42848: {instructions: Combine spinach, egg, cheese and 14 cup Sauce in medium bowl set aside.nSeason cutlets, if desired, with salt and black pepper. Evenly top cutlets with spinach mixture leaving 14inch edge then roll up and secure with wooden toothpicks. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and brown veal. Add Sauce and reduce heat to medium and cook covered, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes or until veal is cooked. Serve, if desired, with hot cooked pasta or rice., ingredients: [1 package 10 oz. frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 1 large egg, slightly beaten, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Vineyard Premium Collections Marinara with Burgundy Wine Sauce, divided, 6 thinly pounded veal or chicken cutlets about 114 lbs.], title: Spinach and Cheese Veal Rollatini, picturelink: F8fH7weJV2ow1nhhzNFMpckgRwaeJe}, 42849: {instructions: Special equipment: a large, resealable plastic zipper bagnAdd the mayo, milk, Parmesan, Dijon, Worcestershire, hot sauce, garlic salt, salt and a pinch of black pepper to a large resealable plastic zipper bag. Seal the bag while allowing in as much air as possible so that its inflated. Shake it vigorously to mix the dressing.nOpen the bag and add the romaine and grape tomatoes. Add the rotisserie chicken. Break the Melba toasts in your hands and throw them in along with the extra Parmesan and another pinch of black pepper. Shake to coat everything. Roll down the edges of the bag and dig in., ingredients: [2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons shredded Parmesan, plus extra for serving, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce, Dash hot sauce, Pinch of garlic salt, Pinch of salt, Black pepper, Shredded bagged romaine 12 bag, A few grape tomatoes, 13 cup shredded rotisserie chicken, 4 to 5 pieces Melba toast], title: Zipper Bag Caesar, picturelink: null}, 42850: {instructions: Preheat oven: 350 degrees. Dice chicken in bite size cubes. Marinate chicken in the Italian dressing and Old Bay seasoning. Saute until 34s cooked. Drain of excess juice and place in chaffing dish. Place peppers, onions, mushrooms and garlic on top of the chicken. Cover with homemade Tony N Tinas marinara sauce about 1 12 half quarts. Bake for about 30 minutes., ingredients: [40 pounds chicken breasts, skinless and boneless, 1 quart golden Italian dressing, 1 cup Old Bay seasoning, 7 large red peppers, sliced, 7 large green peppers, sliced, 4 onions, sliced, 5 pounds mushrooms, sliced, 12 cup chopped garlic], title: Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: null}, 42851: {instructions: Rub tenderloins with oil and season with barbeque rub. Let marinate for about 1 hour. Grill until desired temperature is reached, medium rare is best 145150 degrees.nMix ingredients together and store in dry container., ingredients: [8 8ounce pork tenderloins, 3 ounces olive oil, 3 ounces Rathbun Family Rub, recipe follows, 2 ounces granulated garlic, 2 ounces granulated onion, 1ounce cayenne pepper, 12ounce white pepper, 1ounce black pepper, 4 ounces salt, 4 ounces paprika, 3 ounces brown sugar], title: Barbequed Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 42852: {instructions: Grease and lightly flour a large Bundt pan or alternatively use a vegetable release spray.nPlace the rack at the center of the oven and preheat to 300 degrees F.nMelt, do not boil, butter, sugar, chocolate, and coffee in a mediumsized saucepan with the hot water, until the sugar is dissolved. Cool completely and pour into a large mixing bowl.nSet the mixer on slow to medium speed.nSift together the combined flours and cocoa. In a separate bowl, combine the beaten eggs, vanilla, and coffeeflavored liqueur.nAdd the flour mixture alternately with egg mixture to the basic chocolate mixture. This is a thin mixture do not over beat. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan and place into the preset oven.nBake for 1 14 to 1 12 hours at 300 degrees F.nCheck with a skewer to be sure the cake is cooked through.nCool the cake for 20 minutes before removing it from the pan.nBarely melt the chocolate in a double boiler over gentle heat. Remove from the heat source and pour into a large mixing bowl then cool for five minutes. Add the butter, cream, vanilla, coffeeflavored liqueur, and mix on medium speed until the mixture thickens. Finally add the confectioners sugar in small batches until the mixture holds a medium peak. If the kitchen temperature is warm, and the icing is not of spreading consistency place the bowl in the refrigerator for a few minutes, then recommence mixing. Slather the icing over the cake with an offset palette knife.nYield: icing for 1 cake, ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks butter, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 13 cups good quality dark chocolate recommended: Guittard, 2 tablespoons extremely strong coffee, 1 12 cups selfrising flour, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cocoa, 2 cups very hot water, 3 large eggs, beaten, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla recommended: NielsenMassey, 14 cup coffeeflavored liqueur recommended: Kahlua, Whipped Chocolate Buttercream, recipe follows, optional, 1 cup good quality dark chocolate recommended: Guittard, 12 cup 1 stick room temperature salted butter, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla recommended: Nielsen Massey, 1 tablespoon coffeeflavored liqueur recommended: Kahlua, 1 pound sifted confectioners sugar], title: Decadent Dirt Cake: Signature Grooms Cake or Special Occasion Cake, picturelink: null}, 42853: {instructions: Slowly fry ham slices on both sides, in a cast iron skillet until lightly browned on each side. Transfer the slices to a heated plate.nAdd coffee to the skillet and, over high heat, boil it down, scraping the deglazings on thenthe bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon.nReduce the liquid to almost a glaze and spoon over ham slices. Serve with something mild and traditional like boiled rice or grits., ingredients: [2 14 inch thick slices cured country ham, 12 cup brewed coffee], title: Country Ham and Redeye Gravy, picturelink: null}, 42854: {instructions: Pour one ounce mango or peach nectar into a champagne flute, fill the remainder of the glass with champagne or sparkling wine and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 ounce mango or peach nectar, 4 ounces champagne or sparkling wine], title: Peach Bellini Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 42855: {instructions: To make the sauce, combine the vegetable oil and olive oil in a liquid measuring cup. In a medium bowl, combine egg yolks, shallots, capers, fish sauce, lemon juice, lime juice, mustard, Tabasco sauce, and white pepper. Whisk in the oil, drop by drop, until the sauce begins to thicken. Continue adding oil, in a slow steady stream, until all of the oil is incorporated. Taste, and adjust for seasoning.nTransfer 12 of the sauce to a medium bowl. Add the diced salmon, and stir gently to combine. If necessary, add additional sauce to barely coat the salmon. Reserve remaining sauce for another use. Stir in chives, parsley, and chervil.nIn a medium bowl, toss pea shoots with lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper.nPlace a 2inchdiameter ring mold on a plate. Fill mold to capacity with salmon tartare. Pat down evenly with the back of a spoon. Gently remove mold. Repeat with remaining salmon on fivore plates.nWrap each disk of salmon tartare with a slice of smoked salmon. Divide pea shoots between the plates, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for pea shoots, 3 large egg yolks, 14 cup finely chopped shallots, 14 cup finely chopped capers, 3 tablespoons Asian fish sauce nuoc nam, 4 12 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, plus more for pea shoots, 4 12 teaspoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons hot pepper sauce, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, plus more for pea shoots, 1 pound skinned salmon from the belly, cut into 14inch cubes, 2 tablespoons finely snipped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chervil, 2 ounces pea shoots, Salt, 6 1inchwide slices smoked salmon, 6 slices white bread, crusts removed, cut into triangles and toasted], title: Salmon Tartare, picturelink: null}, 42856: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSeason the prime rib roast liberally with salt and pepper, then place it on a rack set inside a roasting pan and roast for 30 minutes. Turn down the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the roast reads 130 degrees F for mediumrare, about 1 12 hours. Transfer the meat to a platter and tent with foil to keep warm.nPlace the roasting pan on top of the stove. Turn 2 burners to high heat, add the butter to the pan and use a wooden spoon to stir and scrape the bottom of the pan. Add the beef stock and red wine and cook until the liquid is reduced by half, about 20 minutes. Whisk in the rosemary and season with salt and pepper.nSlice the meat between the bones into individual steaks and serve each with the red wine au jus., ingredients: [One 6 to 7pound bonein prime rib roast, Kosher salt, Coarsely ground black pepper, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 cups beef stock, 2 cups red wine, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves removed from stem and chopped], title: Prime Rib Roast with Red Wine Au Jus, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 42857: {instructions: Make the turkey: Combine the brown sugar, thyme, coriander, ground ginger, paprika, allspice, cayenne, garlic and 2 teaspoons salt in a small bowl. Pat the turkey dry. Rub the vegetable oil all over the turkey, then rub with the spice mixture. Let sit at room temperature 30 minutes before grilling.nPreheat a grill to medium high and prepare for indirect grilling: On a charcoal grill, bank the coals to one side on a gas grill, turn off half the burners. Brush the grill grates with vegetable oil. Lay the turkey on the grates skinside up with the legs closest to the directheat side the dark meat needs more heat. Cover the grill and cook until the turkey is deep golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F, 2 12 to 3 hours. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the chutney: Combine the plums, shallot, dried apricots, brown sugar, vinegar, fresh ginger, thyme, mustard seeds, allspice, coriander, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until the plums are tender and the juices thicken, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool. Serve the turkey with the chutney.nIf youre making the turkey on a charcoal grill, youll need 4 to 5 pounds of charcoal. Add several new briquettes to the coals every 30 minutes to maintain the heat.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 pounds plums, cut into 12inch chunks, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 12 cup chopped dried apricots, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger, 1 12 to 14pound turkey, spatchcocked by your butcher, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt], title: CaribbeanSpiced Turkey with Plum Chutney, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 42858: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, melt the butter, then add the shallots and cook until beginning to soften, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd the carrots, sage, chicken broth, honey and wine and bring to a simmer. Cook until the carrots are tender and the liquid has reduced to a syrup, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the marjoram and some salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 shallots, peeled and thinly sliced into rounds, 2 pounds carrots, trimmed and cut into 3inch pieces, 4 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 1 cup chicken broth, 14 cup honey, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons marjoram leaves, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Glazed Carrots with Marjoram, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 42859: {instructions: Position an oven rack about 8 to 10 inches from the broiler and preheat. Grate the lemon zest and combine in a small bowl with the butter, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Mash with a fork to make a smooth paste.nWith your fingers, gently loosen the skin on the chicken breasts, legs and thighs. Spread the flavored butter under the skin as evenly as possible. Halve the lemons and squeeze 2 halves over the chicken season with salt and pepper.nPlace the chicken skinside up on a broiler pan or a rack on a baking sheet. Position the halves about 2 inches apart with the thick parts of the legs facing the center. Arrange the remaining 2 lemon halves cutside down next to the chicken.nBroil the chicken until the skin is light brown and crisp, about 8 minutes. If the chicken browns too quickly, lower the oven rack. Flip the chicken and the lemons and continue to broil until almost cooked through a thermometer inserted into the thickest part will register 160 degrees, about 15 minutes. Remove the lemons, if browned turn the chicken again and broil until the skin is brown and crisp and the thermometer registers 165 degrees, about 2 more minutes. Serve the chicken with the broiled lemons for squeezing on top.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 lemons, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 half chickens 3 to 3 14 pounds total], title: Broiled LemonGarlic Chicken, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 42860: {instructions: Combine the beef stock, ketchup, onion, bacon drippings, 14 teaspoon salt and 12 to 1 teaspoon pepper in a medium pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the onion is tender, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to let the flavors develop, at least 1 hour. Reheat the sauce before serving.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 12 cups beef stock or broth, 12 cup ketchup, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons bacon drippings or unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: TexasStyle Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: X9MEArKznX5O3jh0KyuX.lPEGPBWp.2}, 42861: {instructions: To prepare crust by hand:nIn a narrow bowl, combine flour, salt and shortening. Using 2 knives scissorsstyle, cut fat into flour until only small peasize bits of shortening remain.nSprinkle water over flour mixture as you toss with a fork. Dont keep stirring. Turn only about 8 to 10 times. Continue with Step 3 below.nOr prepare crust using a food processor:nChill flour, shortening, butter, water.nMeasure flour into work bowl. Add salt and pulse 3 times.nAdd shortening. Pulse 6 times. Add butter that has been cup up into chunks. Pulse 4 times.nAdd water 1 tablespoon at a time. Pulse after each addition.nPour out of bowl onto plastic wrap. Create a 5inch disk and flatten. Refrigerate.nAfter about 15 minutes in the refrigerator, remove your disc. Place a piece of plastic wrap or parchment paper on the counter. Flour it. Cover the disk with another piece of wrap or parchment. Roll out from the center, until disk is about 11 inches in diameter. Remove top wrap, flour the surface lightly and drape crust over rolling pin. Center over pie plate and put it in. Smooth into 9 12inch pie pan. Remove wrap. Trim edge to about 12 inch around outside of pan.nFold edge under and flute using thumb and forefingers to make a stand up edge. Refrigerate until ready to fill.nTo prepare filling and topping:nHeat oven to 350 degrees F.nCoarsely chop macadamias and almonds, put all nuts separate large nuts from chopped on cookie sheet and toast 5 to 6 minutes. Cool. Put hazelnuts into a kitchen towel and rub together to remove skins. Chop hazelnuts.nCombine filling ingredients. Mix well. Sprinkle chopped nuts on bottom of crust. Arrange pecan halves, slivered almonds and cashews in attractive pattern on bottom of unfilled crust. Pour filling into pan deflecting on back of a spoon. Larger nuts will rise up to top. Cover edge of crust with foil.nBake for 45 minutes to 50 minutes. Test with a stainless steel knife in center. When it comes out clean, its done. Cool completely on wire rack. Serve after cooling or wrap in heavy foil and refrigerate until next day to serve., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon butter flavored shortening, chilled, 13 cup ice water, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1 egg, beaten, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 16ounce can pumpkin, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ginger, 14 teaspoon cloves, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup chopped pecans, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 3 tablespoons butter, softened], title: Pumpkin Pecan Crumble Pie  2003 1st Place Pumpkin, picturelink: null}, 42862: {instructions: Fill fryer with vegetable oil to its maximum level, or fill a deep pot no more than halfway with the oil. Preheat fryer to 350 degrees F.nFill a gallon resealable plastic bag with 3 cups wheat cereal. Using a rolling pin, lightly crush cereal into small crumbs. Set aside.nIn a shallow bowl, combine flour, ranch dressing mix, and salt. Coat fish with seasoned flour mixture then shake off excess flour. Dip in eggs and roll in crushed cereal. Continue with remaining fillets. Carefully add 3 to 4 pieces in fryer and cook until golden brown and crisp. Repeat with remaining fillets.nServe with tartar sauce and seasoned chips.nIn a small dish, strain relish and discard juices. In a separate bowl, combine strained relish with mayonnaise, mustard, and lemon juice. Stir thoroughly. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve with fried halibut., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 3 cups dry wheat breakfast cereal squares, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 packet garlic ranch dressing mix, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 pound Halibut fillets cut into 3 by 1inch strips, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, Chips, recipe follows, Tartar Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup sweet relish, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt and pepper], title: Fish and Chips with Tartar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42863: {instructions: Position an oven rack at the bottom of the oven, and preheat to 325 degrees F.nWhisk the maple syrup and oil together in a large bowl. Add the almonds, pecans, coconut, sunflower seeds, sesame seeds, flaxseed and salt, and toss to coat.nSpread the mixture out on a baking sheet, and bake for 20 minutes. Remove it from the oven, and scrape and toss the mixture around. Continue to bake until golden and still slightly sticky, 10 to 12 minutes more. Or, for a deeper, toasted version, bake until deeply golden you may start to smell the toasted nuts, 13 to 15 minutes more. Let cool. The granola can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 5 days., ingredients: [14 cup pure maple syrup, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup sliced skinon almonds, 12 cup pecans, roughly chopped, 14 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 3 tablespoons sunflower seeds, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon ground flaxseed, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: NutandSeed Granola, picturelink: pYZPJqQuEkPifj2UmnaD2L9Fy1hHu}, 42864: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Make the brine: Combine the vinegar, half of the lemon juice, 12 cup water, the sugar, coriander, 1 teaspoon salt and a pinch of pepper in a saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Put the bell pepper and red onion in a bowl pour in the brine. Let cool to room temperature.nCook the green and wax beans in the boiling water until crisptender, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and rinse. Transfer to a large bowl along with the black beans.nReserve 14 cup brine, then drain the bell pepper and onion and add to the beans. Make the vinaigrette: Whisk the reserved brine, the remaining lemon juice and the mustard in a bowl, then whisk in the olive oil until smooth. Toss with the bean mixture. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Stir in the cilantro and season with salt and pepper before serving.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 cup white vinegar, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon crushed coriander seeds, Freshly ground pepper, 1 small red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 pound green beans, trimmed and halved crosswise, 12 pound wax beans, trimmed and halved crosswise, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: ThreeBean Salad, picturelink: QYoejWbesoJK2xlkspJfBpwWdEpPxF.}, 42865: {instructions: Place the steak on a rimmed plate or baking sheet and rub all over with the smashed garlic cloves. Sprinkle evenly with the rosemary, thyme and lemon zest. Drizzle with the olive oil. Rub the herb mixture into the meat. Allow to sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPrepare a grill or grill pan for mediumhigh heat. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Set a wire rack over a rimmed baking sheet.nSprinkle the steak evenly on both sides with the salt. Grill until nicely seared all around, about 5 minutes per side. Remove the steak to the wire rack, and transfer to the oven. Cook for an additional 15 minutes, flipping halfway through, or until an instantread thermometer inserted in the middle of the steak reads 120 degrees F.nRemove the steak to a plate, and squeeze the lemon half over the top. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Finish with a sprinkling of coarse salt., ingredients: [One 2pound ribeye steak, about 2inches thick, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, plus whole sprigs for basting, 14 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest 12 lemon, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 lemon half, charred on the grill if desired, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, to finish], title: Marinated Bistecca Fiorentina, picturelink: 2IGdcKfGwkNKH1tBtgXHOyHWIA1ZcO}, 42866: {instructions: Heat 1 12 cups each sugar and water in a saucepan until the sugar dissolves let cool. Mix 2 cups of the sugar syrup with 1 12 cups lime juice, 12 cup lemon juice and 2 cups water in a pitcher divide among icefilled glasses. Add a sprig of sage to each glass.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Sage Limeade, picturelink: 7HzkjA2PIiNMRWIIRnxDD14M0PYgu}, 42867: {instructions: Heat the milk in a small sauce pot over medium heat, then add salt and a little bit of nutmeg, to taste. In another pot melt the butter and add the flour. Stir it gently and as soon as you see some flour foaming pour the mixture into the hot milk. Lower the heat and keep stirring until it becomes creamy. Remove from the heat and set aside.nIn a heavybottomed pan over medium heat, add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the onion and fry for 3 minutes, then add the pork and fry until its partly cooked, approximately 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the onion and pork from the pan to a plate and set aside to cool. Set up 3 dredging bowls. Mix the bread crumbs and the Parmesan in 1 bowl, add the cold bechamel in another bowl, and the eggs beaten with salt and pepper, to taste, in the third bowl.nUsing toothpicks spear a cube of pork, a cube of cheese and a piece of mortadella or ham onto each toothpick. Roll the skewers first in the bread crumb mixture, then in the cold bechamel with the help of a spoon, then in the beaten egg and finally coat again in the bread crumb mixture. Gently press the breading by hand to adhere the mixture. Reheat the oil and add the skewers avoid turning too often, or the breading will break off. Once they become golden, about 5 minutes, gently remove them from the oil to paper towels to drain. Transfer the birds to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 cups milk, Salt, Freshly ground nutmeg, 2 ounces butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 onion, chopped, 2 cups corn oil, 21 ounces pork tenderloin, diced into 1inch pieces, 2 cups bechamel, 3 eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups plain bread crumbs, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 7 ounces Swiss cheese, cut into 12inch cubes, 6 ounces mortadella or ham, diced into 1inch pieces], title: Escaped Birds, picturelink: ZSq26cgzxonaC.V32dl8T3.95I4Tuh6}, 42868: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 very large grill pans or griddlesnHeat 2 very large grill pans or griddles to high heat.nMix together the salt, oregano, chili powder, black pepper, cumin, garlic powder and cayenne pepper in a bowl.nPut the steak cubes and shrimp in separate large bowls. Sprinkle the spice mixture evenly over both and toss to ensure the steak and shrimp are well coated.nAdd some oil to the grill pans and, working in batches, grill the shrimp on one grill pan until they turn from translucent to opaque, and the steak on the other grill pan to medium rare, 3 to 5 minutes per batch. Clean and reoil the grill pans between batches.nServe with the taco bar fixings of your choice., ingredients: [1 cup kosher salt, 1 cup ground oregano, 1 cup chili powder, 12 cup ground black pepper, 12 cup cumin, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup cayenne pepper, 37 12 pounds sirloin steak, cut into 1inch cubes, 18 34 pounds peeled and cleaned shrimp 1620 count, Oil, for grilling, Taco bar fixings of your choice, for serving], title: Steak and Shrimp Taco Bar, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 42869: {instructions: In a shallow bowl soak the fillets in the milk for 15 minutes. In another shallow bowl toss together the flour, spice mixture, and salt. In a large skillet heat the oil until it is just smoking. Dust the fillets with the flour mixture, shaking off the excess and add them to the pan, skinned side up. Saute for 2 minutes on each side or until just cooked through. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [4 67ounce thin white fish fillets, 12 cup milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon thyme, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon cut into wedges as an accompaniment], title: Sauteed Spicy Sole, picturelink: null}, 42870: {instructions: In a small bowl, stir together all the ingredients, seasoning with salt and pepper to taste. Cover and chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon of chopped cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42871: {instructions: Roll out the puff pastry on a wellfloured work surface until about 14inches square and 18inch thick. Trim the edges, if necessary, and cut the puff pastry into 4 squares. You may need to roll the puff pastry larger or smaller depending on the size of the meat. Put them in a single layer onto one or two baking sheets and into the refrigerator to firm up.nRinse the dried mushrooms in cold water, put them into a small bowl and cover them with hot water. Let soak for 20 minutes.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is very hot, season the meat with salt and pepper and sear on each side for 1 minute per side. Set aside.nTurn the heat down to medium, add the shallots to the pan and cook until they are soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the butter and fresh mushrooms and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Drain the dried mushrooms and chop them finely. Add them to the pan along with the sherry, if using. Turn the heat up a bit and cook until the mushrooms are almost dry, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the thyme and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 1 more minute, take the pan off the heat and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the pastry from the refrigerator. Put a large tablespoon of the mushroom mixture in the center of a pastry square and spread it out to the same size as the meat. Place a piece of tenderloin on top and brush some egg wash around the edges of the pastry. Fold up the corners and sides of the pastry so they meet and overlap slightly in the middle. Turn it over so the seams are down and shape it into a neat package with your hands. Repeat with the other three squares. If the pastry has gotten soft, put the packages back in the refrigerator for 5 to 10 minutes to firm up. This will make sure the pastry does not just melt into a gooey mess in the oven before it has a chance to puff up. Save the remaining mushroom mixture for the sauce.nWhen you are ready to bake, cut a design into the top of each package with a paring knife. Brush them all over with egg wash. Bake for 14 minutes for medium rare or adjust the time shorter or longer according to how you like your meat cooked.nWhile the Wellingtons are baking, reheat the mushroom mixture. Add the cream and cook on high for 2 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Remove from the heat, cover and keep warm.nWhen the Wellingtons are ready, remove them from the oven and serve with the sauce and a big glass of hearty red wine., ingredients: [One 17.3ounce package frozen puff pastry, thawed, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 ounce dried morels or porcini mushrooms, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, for cooking, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Four 6ounce pieces beef tenderloin, 4 small shallots, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound fresh chestnut or crimini mushrooms, cleaned and finely chopped, 14 cup mediumsweet sherry, optional, 1 bunch thyme, leaves only, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Mini Beef Wellingtons with Morel Mushrooms, Sherry and Thyme, picturelink: null}, 42872: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the red peppers, kalamata and pimentostuffed olives, garlic, red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper to the bowl of a food processor. Pulse a few times, adding enough olive oil to loosen the mixture to a loose paste. Taste and adjust the seasoning, adding more garlic or red pepper flakes if desired.nSpread the crostini with a bit of pesto and spoon on a big dollop of the tapenade. Garnish with fresh parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [One 12ounce jar large roasted red peppers, drained, One 9 12ounce jar pitted kalamata olives, drained, One 5 34ounce jar pimentostuffed olives, drained, 2 cloves garlic, or more to taste, Red pepper flakes, to taste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 to 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 package prepared crostini about 24 or 24 baguette slices, One 6 12ounce jar pesto, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Tapenade Crostini, picturelink: I6zgJykD6NMd4rviu5qESdk0s02HU2}, 42873: {instructions: Place all the compote ingredients in a saucepan and bring to a simmer. Cook 10 minutes then turn off the heat and let plump 30 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nToast the crumpets in the toaster and spread with honey then toast a few more seconds. Place on a plate and top with a spoonful of the dried fruit compote and a dollop of vanilla yogurt., ingredients: [1 cup golden raisins, 1 cup dried cherries, 1 cup dried apricots, quartered, 1 cup water, 34 cup sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 vanilla bean, split, 2 whole star anise, 1 package crumpets, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 cup vanilla yogurt], title: Fruit Compote with Crumpets, picturelink: null}, 42874: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat and saute the chopped bacon until crispy. Drain the bacon pieces on a paper towel.nPlace the pine nuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until lightly golden, about 6 minutes.nIn a large bowl, lightly whisk together the mascarpone cheese, creme fraiche, orange zest and juice, and lemon zest and juice. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste.nAdd the fennel, green apple, celery, and green grapes to the dressing. Toss to evenly coat with the dressing. Season the fennel salad with salt, to taste.nPlace the fennel salad in a serving bowl and top with the pine nuts and bacon., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound applewood smoked bacon, chopped, 34 cup pine nuts, 8ounces mascarpone cheese, 8ounces creme fraiche, Zest and juice of 1 orange, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bulb fennel, stalk removed, bulb thinly sliced, 2 green apples, cored and chopped, 4 stalks celery, chopped, 1 cup green grapes, halved], title: Bacon Waldorf Salad, picturelink: KKXVsrash9Gu3cDVUnNIhlZvz01V3J2}, 42875: {instructions: Special equipment: Pastry brush Pastry bag or resealable plastic bags with 1 corner snipped Small star tip 13 or similar 12 red, yellow and or polka dot cupcake liners 12 pieces colored construction paper, cut into small triangular shapes, for flags Rubber cement 12 extralong toothpicksnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 12 cup muffin tins with white paper liners.nMake the cake mix according to package instructions, substituting the milk for water. Pour the batter into the lined muffin tins and bake until golden and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 12 to15 minutes. Remove the tins from the oven and let them cool completely on a wire rack.nIn a large bowl, using a hand mixer, beat the frosting with enough confectioners sugar to create a stiff consistency. Remove about 12 cup of the frosting and color it with either red or yellow food coloring. Put the frosting into a pastry bag or resealable plastic bag fitted with a small star tip.nWhen the cupcakes are cool, frost the top of 12 cupcakes with an offset spatula. Reserve the remaining cupcakes for a centerpiece or frost if you have more guests. Put each cupcake into a red or yellow liner. The liners will not fit snugly but will resemble a frilly clowns collar.nTo decorate: Write the name for each guest on colored flags. Using a small amount of rubber cement fold 1 edge over the top of the toothpick to attach. Using a serrated knife cut about 1 12inches off the bottom of the sugar cones. Using pastry brush, coat each lightly with piping gel. Roll 6 cupcakes in yellow sanding sugar and the other 6 in the red. Firmly but gently insert the flag into the top of each cone. Put the cones slightly towards the back of each cupcake. Snip the licorice into 12 2inch pieces for mouths, and approximately 120 1 pieces for hair. A clean pair of tweezers is helpful for attaching the hair along the base of the sugar cone. Add a gumball to each for a nose and either 2 brown or blue candy coated chocolates for eyes. Pipe small stars with colored frosting along the base of the cones and hair and along the base near the top of the liner.nFor extra cupcakes: Divide some white frosting into 2 small bowls and color 1 with red coloring and 1 with yellow. Fit 2 pastry bags with a star tip and fill each with 1 color of the frosting. Pipe a swirl of red frosting onto 6 cupcakes and a swirl of yellow on the remaining cupcakes. Sprinkle each cupcake with nonpareil sprinkles.nArrange all of the cupcakes on a cupcake stand and serve., ingredients: [1 box vanilla cake mix, 1 14 cups milk, 2 12ounce containers vanilla frosting, plus more for extra cupcakes, 14 to 12 cup confectioners sugar, Red or yellow food coloring, 12 sugar cones, 14 cup piping gel, Red and yellow sanding sugar, Shoestring licorice, 12 small red gumballs, Mini candy covered chocolate candies recommended: M and Ms, Large multi color nonpareil sprinkles, for extra cupcakes], title: Birthday Party Clown Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 42876: {instructions: For the everythingbagel strata: Combine the cream cheese and eggs in a blender and blend until smooth. Add the milk and Parmesan blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Add the dill, blend a few seconds, and then blend in the lemon zest.nTransfer the custard to a large bowl. Add the bagel pieces and mix to coat, pressing on the pieces to totally submerge them in the custard. Transfer the mixture to a buttered 9by13inch baking dish. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 12 hours, pressing on the bagels a few times.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhile the oven heats, remove the strata from the refrigerator and place on a baking sheet. Bake until puffed and lightly golden brown at the edges and just set in the center, about 40 minutes. Let sit for 15 minutes.nFor the caper relish: Combine the capers, dill, tomatoes and onions in a bowl. Season with a touch of salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes.nTo serve, cut the strata into large round circles like a bagel and place on a plate. Top with a few slices of smoked salmon and some of the relish., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 8 large eggs, 2 12 cups milk, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 5 dayold everything bagels, halved horizontally and cut into bitesize pieces, Butter, for greasing the baking dish, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, plus fronds for garnish, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 12 small red onion, finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces smoked salmon, thinly sliced], title: EverythingBagel Strata with Caper Relish and Smoked Salmon, picturelink: nIwogV5etiQ1pH5x7nlo.c3.mXmzXK}, 42877: {instructions: Parfait:nHave ready a lightly oiled baking sheet. In a small, very clean, heavy saucepan, combine the water and the sugar and stir together over low heat until the granules of sugar have dissolved and the liquid appears clear. Increase the heat to high and simmer the mixture until syrupy and golden brown. Be careful not to overcook and burn the caramel. If crystals form on the sides of the pan, remove them by swirling the liquid in the pan, never stir the caramel with a utensil. Add the toasted almonds, swirl to mix and remove from the heat. Immediately pour the almond croquant onto the oiled baking sheet and allow to cool until quite brittle. Remove to a cutting board and, with a sharp heavy knife, chop coarsely.nLine the base of an 8 by 12inch baking pan with parchment paper and set aside. In a medium stainless steel bowl set over a saucepan of gently simmering water, combine the confectioners sugar and the egg yolks, and whisk constantly for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the mixture will hold a ribbon when the beater is lifted away. Remove from the heat and leave to cool for 5 minutes. In another bowl, whip the cream with the vanilla to soft peaks. With a large rubber spatula, gently fold the yolk mixture into the whipped cream, then fold in the crushed almond croquant. Pour the parfait into the prepared baking pan and freeze until solid.nCreme Anglais:nIn a medium heavy saucepan, combine the whipping cream with the vanilla bean and bring to the boil. Remove from the heat, cover, and allow to steep for 10 minutes. In a large stainless steel bowl, beat the egg yolks and the sugar together until pale and thickened. Very slowly whisk the hot cream into the yolk mixture. Set the bowl of custard mixture over a medium saucepan of barely simmering water and stir continuously with a wooden spoon until the mixture thickens enough to coat the back of the spoon. Strain the mixture through a fine sieve into another bowl and refrigerate until chilled.nPreheat a broiler to high heat. With a sharp knife, cut the frozen parfait into 4 by 4inch squares. Place a parfait square in the center of each of 6 ovenproof dessert plates. Cover the parfait with sliced strawberries, top with an even layer of the other berries, and spoon some of the creme Anglaise over the top. Two at a time, place the dessert plates under the hot broiler until the creme is golden brown and bubbling. Turn the plates once or twice as necessary so that they brown evenly. Garnish the plates with mint sprigs and serve immediately., ingredients: [5 tablespoons water, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar, 3 ounces blanched sliced almonds, toasted, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 4 large egg yolks, 2 cups whipping cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups whipping cream, 12 vanilla bean, split, 5 large egg yolks, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar, 16 fresh strawberries, hulled and thinly sliced, 1 12 cups fresh raspberries, 1 12 cups fresh blackberries, Sprigs of fresh mint], title: Almond Croquant Parfait, picturelink: null}, 42878: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the short ribs on a sheet pan, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and roast for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven and add the fennel, leek, onion, celery and carrots and cook over mediumlow heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste and wine, bring to a boil and cook over high heat until the liquid is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Tie the rosemary and thyme together with kitchen twine and add to the pot.nPlace the roasted ribs on top of the vegetables in the Dutch oven and add the brown sugar and beef stock. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Cover the Dutch oven and bake for 2 hours or until the meat is very tender.nCarefully remove the short ribs from the pot and set aside. Discard the herbs and skim the excess fat. Cook the vegetables and sauce over medium heat for 20 minutes, until reduced. Put the ribs back into the pot and heat through. Serve with the vegetables and sauce., ingredients: [Fresh thyme sprigs, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 6 cups beef stock, 6 beef short ribs, trimmed of fat, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup good olive oil, 1 small fennel, fronds, stems, and core removed, largediced, 1 leek, cleaned and largediced, white part only, 1 12 cups chopped onion 2 onions, 4 cups largediced celery 6 large stalks, 2 carrots, peeled and largediced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 750ml bottle Cotes du Rhone or other dry red wine, Fresh rosemary sprigs], title: Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: Mcrm7zwGNaq4WB6.PYnaTJS7x0e1aLm}, 42879: {instructions: Cut the fish into small servingsize pieces. Keep the richer, heavier fisheel, haddock, cod, bass separate from the more delicate types. Cut the live lobsters into pieces. Wash and clean the mussels.nCut the white part of the leeks into small pieces. Chop the onion and the garlic. Peel and seed the tomatoes.nHeat the olive oil in a large kettle. Add the vegetables and let them cook well together. Add the bouquet garni and the heavier fish. Let this cook for about 7 to 8 minutes. Add the lighter fish, the lobster, and a good pinch of saffron. Cover with water or fish broth, season to taste with salt, pepper and cayenne, and bring to a boil. Cook for 15 minutes. Add the mussels and cook until they open. Place the fish in a deep serving dish and pour the hot liquid over it. Serve garlic flavored croutons separately., ingredients: [1 pound eel, 1 pound haddock or sea bass, 1 pound red snapper, 3 pounds lobster, 3 dozen mussels, 3 leeks, 2 large onions, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, 3 tomatoes, 13 cup olive oil, Bouquet garni thyme, bay leaf, parsley, celery, rosemary, Pinch of Saffron, Water or fish broth, Salt, Pepper, Cayenne, Croutons fried in garlicflavored olive oil], title: Bouillabaisse, picturelink: null}, 42880: {instructions: Cut the fish into 8ounce pieces or two pieces per pound. Marinate in lemon in glass baking dish for 2030 minutes. Drizzle olive oil and sprinkle paprika over all. Bake 1015 minutes at 450 degrees F., ingredients: [1 pound fresh halibut, 1 fresh lemon, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon paprika], title: Baked Halibut, picturelink: null}, 42881: {instructions: To make the brine: Zest, then quarter the lemon. Put the lemon zest and quarters in a saucepan. Add the tea, sugar, and salt. Simmer the mixture over mediumhigh heat until the salt and sugar dissolve. Add 1 quart of ice water and the chicken. Brine the chicken in the refrigerator for 48 hours. Drain the chicken and blot dry.nCombine 2 cups flour, the masa harina, crab boil seasoning, chili powder, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. In another bowl, beat the 8 eggs with the buttermilk. Put the remaining 2 cups of flour in a third bowl.nPrepare a breading station by lining up the bowl of flour, then the bowl containing the egg and buttermilk mixture, and finally the bowl of seasoned crust mixture. Roll the chicken in the flour, then the egg mixture, and then the crust then put the legs and thighs in a single layer on a plate or baking sheet. Set aside at room temperature for 30 minutes.nFill a large deep pan with enough oil to completely submerge the chicken. Heat the oil over medium heat until it reaches 300 degrees F. Add the chicken and cook until it is golden and the juices run clear, 15 to 25 minutes. Drain the chicken on a rack then serve., ingredients: [1 lemon, 1 quart very strong tea, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup kosher salt, 8 chicken legs and 8 thighs, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups masa harina, 2 tablespoons crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 tablespoon chili powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Sweet Tea Brined Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 42882: {instructions: Special equipment: two 6well eclair pansnFor the doughnuts: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray two 6well eclair pans with nonstick spray.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and salt to combine. Add the milk, egg, vanilla and butter, and mix gently until combined.nFill the wells of the prepared eclair pans about halfway with the batter.nBake until the doughnuts spring back when touched and a toothpick comes out clean, 10 minutes. Transfer the pans to a rack set over a baking sheet let cool for 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the doughnuts from the pans and let cool completely on the rack.nFor the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar and milk together until smooth.nDunk the doughnuts in the glaze to coat completely. Transfer to a rack and let set for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 to 3 tablespoons milk, plus more as needed], title: OldFashioned Doughnut Sticks, picturelink: iA5ZF0vCnBP6BH4XW2eyewMUgiu7Pb6}, 42883: {instructions: In large saucepan, bring red wine vinegar and sugar to boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil until reduced to 12 cup, about 10 minutes, watching carefully. Whisk in olive oil. Meanwhile, cook beans in a large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Drain. Pour vinegar mixture into same pot and return to simmer, whisking constantly. Return beans to pot and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer beans to bowl and sprinkle with almonds., ingredients: [1 cup STAR Red Wine Vinegar, 3 Tbs. sugar, 3 Tbs. STAR Orginale Olive Oil, 1 12 lbs. green beans, trimmed and cut into 1 12 inch pieces, salt and pepper, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted], title: Sweet And Sour Green Beans, picturelink: y44t6M26YVEADmcVZOTLYbGAfSOq.eS}, 42884: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the beef thinly and pound to flatten. Set aside in the refrigerator. Saute the white and portobello mushrooms together with yellow onion in cooking oil. Add the potatoes and 1 teaspoon olive oil and continue to cook until browned and tender. Season with salt and pepper and cool slightly.nTake the beef and place some potato mixture onto the center of each slice. Roll to make roulade. Bake the rolls in the preheated oven for about 2 minutes.nTake half of the dried shiitake mushrooms and place in blender or food processor. Blend into fine powder. Mix powder with tea and set aside.nBring water to a boil. Add shallot, lemon grass, ginger, Bonito flakes, soy, remaining dried mushrooms and kelp. Let simmer for 5 minutes. Add in 12 of tea mixture. Let steep for 5 minutes and strain.nPlace remaining tea mixture into a tea ball or filter. Immediately before serving pour sherry into liquid and liquid into teapot fitted with filter.nPlace 1 to 2 drops truffle oil into each serving cup. Pour tea from pot into cup and serve on side of Kobe beef., ingredients: [8 ounces Kobe beef, 2 cups white mushrooms, chopped, 1 cup portobello mushrooms, chopped, 12 yellow onion, chopped fine, Vegetable oil, for sauteing, 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 teaspoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, Garnish: 2 sprigs thyme, 2 cups dried shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup dried citrus tea leaves, 1 quart water, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 stalk lemon grass, 1 3inch piece of ginger, 1 cup Bonito flakes, 2 tablespoons soy, 1 sheet kelp, 12 cup sherry, 1 to 2 teaspoons truffle oil 1 drop in each cup before serving], title: Warm Kobe Beef with Truffle Tea, picturelink: null}, 42885: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray a 9inch springform pan the nonstick spray. Refrigerate. Microwave the chocolate until melted and smooth, stirring every 20 seconds, for about 1 minute.nCombine the almonds and cookies in processor. Pulse until the almonds and cookies are finely ground. Transfer the nut mixture to a medium bowl. Add the butter and sugar to the processor and blend until creamy and smooth. Add the grated orange peel and pulse briefly, until incorporated. Add the eggs 1 at a time. Blend until the eggs are incorporated. Clean the sides of the mixing bowl and blend again. Add the nut mixture and melted chocolate. Pulse until blended. Clean the sides of the bowl. Blend again.nPour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until the center puffs and a tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Cool the cake in the pan for 15 minutes.nTransfer the cake to a platter. Sift the cocoa powder over and serve., ingredients: [Butterflavored nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup bittersweet chocolate or semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup slivered almonds, 1 cup baby amaretti cookies about 2 ounces, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons grated orange peel, 4 large eggs, Unsweetened cocoa powder, for sifting], title: Chocolate Amaretti Cake, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 42886: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 bamboo skewersnPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nCut each piece of chicken lengthwise into 6 slices. Thread each strip through a bamboo skewer. Sprinkle the chicken generously with salt and pepper.nUsing a rag and tongs, generously oil the grill pan. Place the chicken skewers on the grill. Cook the chicken until lightly charred and cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove the skewers from the grill to a plate or sheet tray and cover to keep warm.nIn a small bowl stir together mayonnaise and mustard. Put the crushed pretzels onto a large plate and combine with the grated cheese.nBrush a chicken skewer with the Dijon mayonnaise, then roll into the pretzel and cheese mixture to coat completely. Repeat with remaining chicken skewers and serve with extra Dijon mayonnaise for dipping., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for grilling, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup wholegrain Dijon mustard, 1 cup finely crushed pretzels, 13 cup grated Parmesan], title: PretzelCrusted Chicken Skewers, picturelink: JKr33fVFLBd3sUvVa05D6Unpy35Wyq}, 42887: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the biscuits: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, 1 tablespoon of the sugar, and the salt in a medium bowl. Using a bowl scraper or your fingers, mix in the butter until the mixture resembles a coarse meal using your fingers will yield a more cakelike texture. Make a well in the center, pour in the milk and stir until just combined.nTurn the dough out onto a floured work surface and knead 5 or 6 times. Roll into a 10by14by14inch rectangle.nMix together the mascarpone, cinnamon and the remaining 3 tablespoons sugar in a small bowl until well combined. Gently spread the mixture onto the rolledout biscuit dough, leaving a 12inch border. Sprinkle with the raisins and then roll the dough into a long cylinder. Transfer to a baking sheet and freeze for 20 minutes.nSet the dough cylinder on a floured work surface and slice into 8 equal pieces. Place cutside down on a parchmentlined baking sheet, spaced 1 12inches apart. Use the palm of your hand to gently press the biscuits into 1inchthick disks.nBake until the tops start to brown, 20 to 25 minutes.nFor the caramel: Whisk the cream and the instant tea together in a small bowl until the tea has dissolved or add to a Mason jar and shake.nWithout stirring, heat the sugar in a dry pan over medium heat until liquefied and starting to brown, 6 to 10 minutes. When the edges begin to brown and the sugar is liquid, go ahead and stir to ensure even browning. Continue cooking until copper colored, 1 to 4 minutes. Immediately turn off the heat and VERY CAREFULLY stir the creamtea mixture into the hot sugar. Add the vanilla and stir until smooth. If lumps form, turn the heat back on to low and stir until dissolved. Set aside to cool a bit.nDrizzle the biscuits with the caramel and eat as soon as cool enough not to burn the roof of your mouth., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 4 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons fine salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold butter, cubed, 1 12 cups milk, 8 ounces mascarpone or cream cheese, room temperature, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 cup golden raisins, plumped in water, 1 cup heavy cream, room temperature, 3 tablespoons unsweetened instant ice tea mix, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Cinnamon Roll Biscuits with Sweet Tea Caramel, picturelink: w9pIThTs5F2fsmWzMRWnp2YlQFV9am}, 42888: {instructions: Toss 1 cup each strawberries and mixed berries with 1 tablespoon granulated sugar and the juice of 12 lemon in a medium bowl set aside to macerate, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, puree 1 cup mixed berries in a blender until smooth. Refrigerate the remaining 2 cups each strawberries and mixed berries for topping.nBeat the cream cheese, confectioners sugar, vanilla, the zest of both lemons and the juice of 1 lemon in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the heavy cream and beat until slightly stiff peaks form, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer half of the whipped cream mixture to a separate bowl and fold in the berry puree.nLine a 9by5inch loaf pan with plastic wrap, leaving an overhang on all sides. Spread 1 cup of the plain whipped cream mixture in the pan refrigerate the rest for topping. Cover with a single layer of cookies. Spread 1 cup of the berry whipped cream over the cookies, then top with half of the macerated berries and another 1 cup berry whipped cream. Repeat with another layer of cookies, berry whipped cream and the remaining macerated berries and berry whipped cream. Top with another layer of cookies you may have some left over. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight.nBefore serving, toss the remaining 2 cups each strawberries and mixed berries with the remaining 1 tablespoon granulated sugar and juice of 12 lemon in a large bowl set aside to macerate, 30 minutes.nUncover the cake and invert onto a platter remove the plastic. Cover with the reserved plain whipped cream. Top with the macerated berries.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [3 cups chopped strawberries about 1 pound, 4 cups mixed berries raspberries, blueberries andor blackberries about three 12pint containers, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, Finely grated zest and juice of 2 lemons, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 cups cold heavy cream, 2 6ounce packages lemon cookies], title: LemonBerry Icebox Cake, picturelink: kDaeu8FQp0cQJ5migns8hE6E9hXf4X2}, 42889: {instructions: Special equipment: an 8cavity round shot glass silicone moldnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUnwrap the candies. Place an 8cavity round shot glass silicone mold on a baking sheet. Arrange 4 candies in the bottom of each mold. Arrange a second layer of candies on top of the first, staggering them between the candies on the bottom. Top each with 4 additional candies in the same manner.nTransfer to the oven and bake until all the candies are melted, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and use a spoon to tap the candies to eliminate any air bubbles or gaps. Allow to cool and set at room temperature. Remove from the molds and serve as shot glasses with drinks of your choice., ingredients: [1 bag about 96 multicolored hard candies], title: Hard Candy Shot Glasses, picturelink: XC8MjZYr0X.VsV.DbQWL6pbATm9Yd8.}, 42890: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Twenty 6inch bamboo party skewersnHeat the grill over medium high heat. Skewer chicken. In a shallow dish, combine lemon zest and juice with extravirgin olive oil. Reserve 14 of the marinade. Coat chicken tenders in marinade and season generously on both sides with coarse black pepper. Season chicken tenders lightly with salt. Cook tenders in 2 or 3 batches, a single layer, in a very hot grill. Chicken tenders will cook 3 minutes on each side. Transfer to a serving platter and brush with the reserved marinade., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken breast tenders, 20 pieces, 2 lemons, juiced and zested, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Coarse black pepper, Coarse salt], title: Lemon Pepper Chicken Tenders, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 42891: {instructions: Lightly toast the waffles. Mix egg substitute, vanilla extract, and cinnamon in a bowl, and set aside.nBring a large skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat on the stove. Add butter and allow it to coat the bottom of the skillet. Meanwhile, coat the waffles thoroughly in the egg mixture.nCook the waffles in the skillet until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Top them with syrup and powdered sugar. Serve with raspberries, if you like, and enjoy, ingredients: [2 frozen lowfat waffles, 12 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 teaspoons light whipped butter or light buttery spread, 14 cup sugarfree pancake syrup, 1 teaspoon powdered sugar, Serving suggestion: raspberries.], title: Bonus Waffle Recipe: FrenchToasted Waffles, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 42892: {instructions: Julienne the roasted tomatoes. Add the olives, garlic, capers, vinegar and basil. Toss tomato mixture with pasta.nPreheat oven to 250 degrees F.nToss all ingredients in a large bowl. Arrange tomatoes, cutside up, on an oiled cookie sheet. Roast in oven for 3 12 hours or until tomatoes have reduced in size by 12., ingredients: [12 pound farfalle bowtie pasta, cooked, 16 slow roasted tomatoes, halved recipe follows, 14 cup Calmata olives, pitted and chopped, 1 12 teaspoons roasted garlic, mashed, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 2 tablespoons reduced balsamic vinegar, 14 cup fresh basil, chiffonade, 8 plum tomatoes, sliced in half, lengthwise, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Farfalle Pasta with Slow Roasted Tomato Compote, picturelink: null}, 42893: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nTo marinate the Portobello Mushroom: In a deep bowl place mushroom cap, balsamic vinegar, salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, and 2 tablespoons of olive oil then mix well with hands. Finish mixture with torn pieces of basil and thyme about 12 bunch of each to release natural oils. Let stand for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes place mushroom on hot grill or broiler for 2 minutes on each side, slightly charring the outside while keeping the inside raw. Set aside.nTo prepare eggplant: In a large deep bowl place slices of eggplant, apply kosher salt liberally to each slice, repeat in layers. Take a plate and put it on top of the eggplant and apply weight on the plate using anything that weighs a couple of pounds. Let stand for 1 to 2 hours, then rinse drain and pat dry until all water is removed. Finally dice into cubes for stuffing.nTo prepare stuffing for pepper: In hot saute pan add 12 cup olive oil until shimmering, then add diced pepper, onion, 2 cloves garlic, tomatoes, remaining basil and thyme, 1 cup of the asparagus, eggplant, salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Saute until ingredients brown and you can smell the garlic about 3 minutes at this time add 1 cup white wine scraping bottom of saute pan  let simmer for 1 minute. In a separate bowl mix the cooked rice with the stuffing. If stuffing appears to dry add more olive oil.nWhen mixture is ready, take whole pepper and stuff finishing top with some bread crumbs and a drizzle of olive oil to keep moist, put in oven set at 450 degrees F for 35 minutes.nTo prepare beans: In a hot saute pan add 12 cup olive oil, 1 clove garlic, remaining 12 cup asparagus and beans, and saute for 2 minutes, Add lemon juice, remaining 12 cup white wine, and salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Let simmer for 3 minutes until mixture is tight.nTo assemble plate: Place beans in center of plate, then place the portobello on top of the beans and then the stuffed pepper, finish with a sprinkle of fresh herbs or a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [1 large portobello mushroom cap, 3 ounces balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 12 cup, plus 12 cup, 1 bunch fresh basil leaves, torn, 1 bunch fresh thyme, leaves picked, 1 medium eggplant, sliced, Kosher salt, 1 small red bell pepper, diced, plus 1 large, top removed and seeded, 1 sweet onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, plus 1, 1 cup diced plum tomatoes, 1 cup diced asparagus, plus 12 cup, 1 cup white wine, plus 12 cup, 2 cups cooked rice, 14 cup Italian bread crumbs, 1 8ounce can white beans, rinsed and drained, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Stuffed Pepper Served on a Marinated Portobello, picturelink: null}, 42894: {instructions: Mix together the bell peppers and rice wine vinegar and marinate for 1 hour and up to a day in the refrigerator.nIn a heavybottomed Dutch oven over medium heat, add the vegetable and sesame oils. Add the shallots, garlic and ginger and saute for 10 minutes, stirring frequently to avoid burning. Add the tofu by crumbling into small pieces and saute for 15 minutes more.nIn the meantime, whisk together the hot sauce, salt, fish sauce, vinegar, sugar, soy sauce and hoisin and add to the tofu. Cook until the sauce thickens, 10 to 15 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the chopped Thai basil. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if necessary.nTo serve, spoon the tofu mixture onto a piece of lettuce and top with the marinated peppers, cashews, scallions, the chiffonade Thai basil and a couple dots of plum sauce. For more heat, add a few drops of hot sauce., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, diced, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 shallots, minced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons grated ginger, 4 packages extrafirm tofu, pressed on a wire rack for at least 1 hour and up to 24, 1 tablespoon Asian hot sauce, such as Sriracha, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 12 cups Thai basil, chopped, Salt, 12 cup Thai basil, cut in chiffonade, 2 cups cashews, roughly chopped, 14 cup thinly sliced scallions, 3 heads green leaf lettuce, cleaned and trimmed, Plum sauce, for serving], title: Thai Basil Tofu Lettuce Cups, picturelink: Ol3jArdWMpD4xK7r6AnoLOFmOlIomaC}, 42895: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nChop the cranberries and mix them into the goat cheese. Cut the tops off the apricots and use your finger to open up a hole. Fill an apricot with some of the cheese mixture, then push a raisin into it. Fill a fig with some cheese, then push the apricot into it. Repeat until all the fruit has been used. Slice the prosciutto slices in half lengthwise and wrap a slice around each fig. Place on a baking sheet and bake until the prosciutto has browned, about 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool a bit before serving., ingredients: [14 cup dried cranberries, 6 ounces fresh goat cheese, at room temperature, 12 dried apricots, 12 raisins, 12 dried figs, 6 slices prosciutto], title: Stuffed Figs in a Blanket, picturelink: null}, 42896: {instructions: Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. When it is hot, sprinkle half of the cheese evenly over the bottom of the skillet. Cook, shaking pan occasionally to assure an even distribution of cheese over the pan bottom, until the edges are lacy and toasted, about four minutes.nRemove pan from heat and allow cheese to set for about 30 seconds. Use a large heatproof spatula and tongs to carefully flip frico over and cook until the other side is golden, another two minutes. Slide frico out of the pan and onto a paper towellined plate. Repeat with remaining cheese and let stand while you prepare the eggs.nCut chorizo into halfinch dice. Heat a nonstick skillet to mediumhigh heat and add chorizo. Once the fat from the chorizo has started to render, after about a minute, add onion and stir. Reduce heat to medium and cook, stirring often, until onion is soft and onion and chorizo have browned slightly. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat.nWhisk eggs to break up yolks and add to skillet. Add parsley to taste. Reduce heat to low and cook, stirring and scraping the bottom often this yields a soft, fluffy texture. Spoon scrambled onto plates and season to taste with pepper and salt keep in mind that fricos are salty and chorizo is peppery. Break fricos into approximately 3inch pieces and serve with eggs., ingredients: [3 oz. manchego cheese, shredded, 3 oz. Spanishstyle chorizo, 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped, 6 large eggs, 14cup fresh parsley, finely chopped, freshly ground black pepper and sea salt], title: SpanishStyle Scrambled Eggs with Chorizo and Manchego Fricos, picturelink: null}, 42897: {instructions: Place onions and oil in a deep pot and cook, stirring over high heat until they turn light brown, about 5 minutes. Lower heat and stir in ginger, coriander, turmeric, and red pepper. Cook for an additional minute. Stir in the coconut, salt, and mussels, and bring contents to the boil. Cover the pot and steam until the mussels open up, about 7 minutes. Transfer mussels and the sauce to a deep platter. Sprinkle with lemon juice, coriander and, if desired, coconut. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup finely chopped onions, 2 tablespoons light vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon finely shredded fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground red pepper, 12 cup rich coconut milk, Coarse salt to taste, 4 pounds mussels about 4 dozen, scrubbed clean, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons grated unsweetened coconut optional], title: Goan Warm Mussel Salad Tisru, picturelink: null}, 42898: {instructions: In a medium sized pot, cover the potato with cold water. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 40 minutes. Drain the potato, remove the skin and mash well in a large bowl. Add the butter, salt and pepper, to taste, and the garlic powder. Mix well until desired consistency is reached., ingredients: [1 russet potato, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder], title: Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 42899: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly butter the bottom of a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish. Arrange chicken in dish in a single layer. In a medium bowl, mix together the pecans, mustard, maple syrup, melted butter, brandy, egg white, and pepper. Spread mixture evenly over each chicken breast. Bake, uncovered, for 40 minutes. Arrange chicken on a platter and spoon Nectarine Brandy Sauce over each piece. Garnish with parsley sprigs and seasonal flowers. Serve with additional sauce on the side.nIn medium saucepan, combine all ingredients and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, for about 20 minutes., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan, 6 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 1 cup finely ground pecans, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 tablespoon butter, melted, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 egg white, slightly beaten, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, Nectarine Brandy Sauce, recipe follows, Fresh parsley sprigs, for garnish, Seasonal flowers, optional, for garnish, 2 nectarines, peeled, pitted, and finely diced, 14 cup diced sweet onion, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons brandy, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard], title: Maple Encrusted Chicken with Nectarine Brandy Sauce, picturelink: null}}