{42900: {instructions: For the pizza dough: Heat 14 cup of the olive oil and the garlic in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat until the garlic is softened but not browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in 12 teaspoon pepper. Cool slightly.nWhisk the water and sugar in a bowl sprinkle the yeast over top. Set aside until foamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in the olive oilgarlic mixture.nWhisk the flour and 2 teaspoons salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour and pour in the yeast mixture. Gradually stir with a wooden spoon to make a rough dough.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes, dusting with more flour as necessary. Form into a large ball. Brush a large bowl with olive oil, add the dough and turn to coat. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, adjust an oven rack to the lowest position and preheat to 450 degrees F. Put a baking sheet on the rack to heat up while the dough rises. The baking sheet should be the same size or slightly larger than the baking sheet that you will later form the dough on.nOnce the dough has doubled in size, brush a rimmed baking sheet generously with half of the remaining olive oil. Put the dough onto the oiled baking sheet and stretch and pat evenly into the pan, making sure that it reaches the edges. Use your fingertips to make dimples all over the dough. Brush with the remaining olive oil and sprinkle lightly with salt. Arrange the tomato slices on the pizza in a single layer, making sure that each bite will have a piece of tomato. Sprinkle the tomatoes lightly with salt. Place the baking sheet with the dough directly on top of the preheated baking sheet in the oven this helps with a crispy crust. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove the baking sheets and sprinkle the Parmesan over the dough. Continue to bake until the dough is golden brown and the cheese is melted, 10 to 15 minutesnWhile the pizza is baking, make the Caesar dressing: Whisk together the lemon zest and juice, egg yolk, anchovies, garlic and honey in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil, season with 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper.nRemove the pizza from the oven and transfer to a large platter or cutting board. Toss the romaine with the dressing. Season with additional salt and pepper if needed. Top the pizza with the salad. Use a vegetables peeler to shave ribbons of Parmesan over the salad. Drizzle with olive oil, cut into pieces and serve., ingredients: [23 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 13 cups warm water 105 degrees F, 1 tablespoon sugar, One 14ounce packet 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 3 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Kosher salt, 2 large ripe beefsteak tomatoes, each cut in to 6 to 8 thin slices, 34 cup finely grated Parmesan, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 large egg yolk, 2 oilpacked anchovies, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 14 teaspoon honey, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 romaine hearts, cut into 12inch thick and 1inch wide pieces about 8 cups, A hunk of Parmesan, for topping], title: Caesar Salad Pizza, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 42901: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F.nCOMBINE brown sugar, peanut butter, shortening, banana, milk, vanilla and almond extracts in bowl of electric mixer beat at medium speed until well blended. Add egg beat just until blended.nCOMBINE flour, baking soda and salt in medium bowl. Add to shortening mixture beat at low speed just until blended. Stir in chocolate chunks and nuts, if desired. Drop dough by rounded measuring tablespoonfuls 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets.nBAKE 11 to 13 minutes or until cookies are light brown around edges. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheet transfer to cooling racks to cool completely., ingredients: [1 14 cups firmly packed light brown sugar, 34 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 12 cup Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening or 12 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks AllVegetable Shortening, 1 cup mashed bananas, 3 tbsps. milk, 1 12 tsps. vanilla extract, 12 tsp. almond extract, 1 large egg, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 34 tsp. baking soda, 34 tsp. salt, 1 12 cups milk chocolate chunks or semisweet chocolate chunks, 1 cup peanuts or coarsely chopped pecans optional], title: Bananaramas, picturelink: xCPymuU79NH8dZeIIQ7BAhn2pHpTv2}, 42902: {instructions: Fill a large roasting pan about onethird of the way with water and carefully place on the middle oven rack. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Wrap the outside of an 8inch springform pan with aluminum foil. Coat the inside of the pan with cooking spray.nFinely crush 3 chocolate cookies and sprinkle the crumbs in the bottom of the springform pan tap out the excess. Beat the cream cheese in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the sugar, eggs, 34 cup cream and the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to medium and beat until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is creamy, scraping down the bowl as needed do not overbeat if there are still lumps, whisk the batter by hand to smooth them out.nPut the chocolate and the remaining 14 cup cream in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave until the chocolate melts, about 45 seconds. Stir in the cocoa powder until smooth.nDivide the batter between 2 large liquid measuring cups or bowls about 2 12 cups batter in each. Stir the melted chocolate mixture into one of the batters. Pour about half of the vanilla batter into the pan, then slowly pour half of the chocolate batter into the center of the vanilla, letting it spread. Pour the remaining vanilla batter into the center of the chocolate batter, letting it spread pour the remaining chocolate batter into the middle.nCarefully transfer the cheesecake to the pan of hot water and bake until the edges are set but the center still jiggles slightly, 1 hour, 30 minutes to 1 hour, 45 minutes. Turn off the oven and keep the cheesecake in the oven with the door ajar, 30 minutes. Remove the cheesecake from the water bath and transfer to a rack. Run a knife around the edge of the cake to loosen and let cool completely, then refrigerate overnight.nRemove the springform ring. Crush the remaining 3 chocolate cookies and toss in a bowl with the crushed meringues and peanuts. Press into the sides of the cake.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 6 chocolate wafer cookies, 20 ounces cream cheese 2 12 eightounce packages, at room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 meringue cookies, coarsely crushed, 2 tablespoons salted peanuts, chopped], title: Rocky Road Cheesecake, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}, 42903: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the salmon: Season the salmon filets with salt and pepper. In a bowl, mix together the panko, parsley, dill, garlic and 1 tablespoon of the oil until the panko is evenly coated. Coat the salmon with the panko mixture and let sit for a few minutes so the crust sticks.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in an ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the salmon and cook until the breadcrumbs are golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook for 5 minutes. Keep the salmon warm.nFor the salmon hash: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until they start to brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the onion and bell pepper and cook until the potatoes are cooked through and the peppers are soft, 10 minutes more. Turn off the heat and stir in the salmon and capers. Season with salt and pepper. Keep the hash warm.nTo make the salad: Toss the bread cubes with 1 tablespoon of the oil on a baking sheet. Spread the bread in a single layer and toast in the oven, stirring once or twice, until crunchy but not too hard, 8 to 10 minutes.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, shallot, remaining 2 tablespoons oil, salt and pepper. Add the cucumber, tomatoes, onion and dill and stir to coat everything in the dressing. Stir in the toasted bread.nFor the sauce: Heat the oil in a small skillet over low heat. Add the shallot and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and whisk in the butter 1 piece at a time. Stir in the capers and dill. Squeeze in the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.nTo plate: Divide the salmon hash among 4 plates and top each with a salmon filet. Spoon the sauce over the salmon. Divide the salad among the plates, placing it on the side of the salmon., ingredients: [4 skinless salmon fillets about 6 ounces each, Salt and ground black pepper, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 potato, peeled and cut into small cubes, 1 onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 4 ounces sliced smoked salmon, chopped, 2 tablespoons capers, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 thick slices pumpernickel bread, cut into cubes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 small shallot, diced, 12 teaspoon salt, Good pinch of ground black pepper, 1 small cucumber, peeled and cut into cubes, 2 tomatoes, cut into cubes, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 shallot, minced, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 12 lemon, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Salmon Two Ways with Caper Sauce, picturelink: ea4pM4CT4p8KhfNgB6yt.LrINWNJOe}, 42904: {instructions: Prepare an outdoor grill with a mediumhigh fire. If youre using wooden skewers, soak them in water for at least 30 minutes before grilling. Or you can use wooden toothpicks.nFor the scallops: Slice the zucchini lengthwise on a mandoline into thin slices, about 18 inch thick. When you get to the seedy center, rotate the zucchini 13 turn and continue to shave slices until you hit seeds. Give the zucchini a final 13 turn and shave off the remaining slices. You want to end up with the same number of zucchini slices as you have scallops. Discard the seedy center. Wrap a zucchini ribbon around the circumference of each scallop. Thread 2 to 3 scallops per skewer or 1 per toothpick.nFor the dressing: Whisk the mint, chives, orange juice, 2 tablespoons oil, limoncello, salt, and cayenne in a small bowl. Set aside.nCut up the tomatoes, season them with salt and black pepper to taste, and divide them among 4 plates.nBrush scallops with oil and season with salt and black pepper to taste. Grill, turning to cook both sides, until zucchini and scallops are cooked through and have distinct grill marks, about 8 minutes total. Divide the scallops evenly among the plates, drizzle scallops and tomatoes with the dressing, and serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 large zucchini, 1 14 pounds large sea scallops, foot removed if necessary about 12 to 14, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh mint, 14 cup sliced fresh chives, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 tablespoons canola or grapeseed oil, plus additional for brushing, 1 tablespoon limoncello see Cooks Note, right, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 large ripe tomatoes, preferably 1 red and 1 yellow, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Sea Scallops with Zucchini Ribbons and MintChive Oil, picturelink: null}, 42905: {instructions: Fill large chilled glass with crushed ice. Pour in schnapps and fill glass with iced tea and peach tea. Garnish with peach slices and serve at once., ingredients: [2 ounces peach schnapps, 3 ounces freshly brewed, slightly sweetened regular iced tea, 3 ounces freshly brewed, slightly sweetened peachflavored tea, Fresh peach slices for garnish], title: PeachSchnapps Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 42906: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a large heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds until aromatic. Add the chicken broth, bell pepper, honey, ginger, vinegar, and chipotle chile, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the sauce thickens, about 2 12 hours. Add the raspberries and cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and let the chutney cool slightly. Stir in the cilantro and season with salt and black pepper, to taste. Chutney can be prepared 3 days in advance. Cool and store in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the puff pastry into a 12inch square. Cut the pastry into 2 to 3inch squares. Put the squares on the prepared baking sheet. Using a small cookie cutter score a circle in the center of each square or using a paring knife, score a 12inch border around the edge of each square. Bake the squares until puffed and golden, about 12 minutes.nRemove the scored, top section of the cooked pastry and fill with some of the goat cheese. Spoon a generous dollop of the chipotleraspberry chutney on top of the goat cheese. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium chopped onion, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup lowsalt chicken broth, 12 red bell pepper, chopped, 12 cup honey, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, left whole, 1 6ounce container fresh raspberries or 1 cup frozen thawed, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry half of a 17.3ounce package, thawed, Flour, for dusting, 1 5.5ounce log goat cheese, at room temperature], title: Goat Cheese Squares with Raspberry Chile Chutney, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 42907: {instructions: Beat the butter, superfine sugar and salt in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg, vanilla and peppermint extract. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour until incorporated. Transfer the dough to a piece of plastic wrap and pat into a rectangle tightly wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Spread some red sanding sugar and superfine sugar on separate plates. Gently roll heaping teaspoonfuls of dough into short logs with your hands. One at a time, roll half of the logs in red sanding sugar to form 4inch strands. Repeat with the remaining logs and superfine sugar. Twist 1 strand of each color together, then arrange on the prepared baking sheets, about 2 inches apart, and bend the tops to form candy canes. Refrigerate until firm, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nBake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are set and lightly browned around the edges, 11 to 13 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup superfine sugar, plus more for rolling, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon pure peppermint extract optional, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Red sanding sugar], title: Candy Cane Cookies, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 42908: {instructions: Special equipment: an 18by13inch sheet pannPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPut 2 tablespoons olive oil and the garlic in a large skillet and place over medium heat. When the garlic sizzles and its edges start to brown, add the tomatoes, red pepper flakes and 34 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce thickens, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the chopped basil.nHeat an 18by13inch sheet pan in the oven for at least 10 minutes while you bread the eggplant. Line up 3 shallow dishes fill one with the flour, one with the beaten eggs, and one with the breadcrumbs. Sprinkle both sides of the eggplant slices with salt. Dredge an eggplant slice in the flour tapping off excess, then dip in the egg, and finally dredge it in the breadcrumbs. Repeat with the remaining eggplant.nWhen all the eggplant slices are breaded, carefully remove the heated sheet pan from the oven and brush it with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Place the eggplant on the sheet pan in a single layer. Bake until the undersides are crisp and browned, 8 to 10 minutes, then flip the slices and continue baking until they are golden on the second side, 8 to 10 minutes more.nTop the baked eggplant with the tomato sauce, mozzarella and Parmesan. Return the pan to the oven and bake, rotating halfway through, until the cheese melts and browns and the sauce is bubbly, 20 to 25 minutes. Top with torn basil before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 13 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, plus more torn leaves for serving, 1 mediumlarge eggplant about 1 12 pounds, sliced into 12inchthick rounds, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, beaten, 34 cup Italianstyle breadcrumbs, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: NoFry SheetPan Eggplant Parmesan, picturelink: TZUiV.Aheo55siIDbo1zGMBbv707KK}, 42909: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the penne and cook according to package directions or until al dente. Drain well, reserving 12 cup of the pasta water.nMeanwhile, heat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and sausage cook for about 5 minutes, breaking up the sausage into bitesize pieces with a wooden spoon. Add the shallots and cook for another minute. Stir in the corn and salt, and cook, stirring often, until the corn is warmed through, another 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl.nTo the bowl, add the mascarpone, chile paste and the hot pasta and reserved pasta water. Add the Parmesan directly over the untossed hot pasta. Using a large serving spoon, toss everything together well. Add the basil and toss again. Serve with additional Parmesan if desired., ingredients: [1 pound penne rigate, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 ounces spicy Italian sausage about 4 links, casings removed, 2 shallots, diced, 2 cup frozen corn, thawed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus for the pasta water, 8 ounces mascarpone, room temperature, 1 tablespoon Calabrian chile paste, 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano, plus for serving, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped], title: Penne with Corn and Spicy Sausage, picturelink: Vjb2QF4qIZMsMUdJ2XqqQRUmC820Jbq}, 42910: {instructions: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the squash, covered, for 15 minutes, or until it is very tender. Reserve the steaming liquid and in a food processor puree the squash with the butter, maple syrup, and enough of the reserved steaming liquid to reach the desired consistency. Season the squash puree with salt and pepper. The squash puree may be made 3 days in advance, kept covered and chilled, and reheated, adding additional water as needed., ingredients: [3 12 pounds butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1inch chunks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 to 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup], title: Maple Squash Puree, picturelink: null}, 42911: {instructions: Special equipment: La Caja China grillnFor the Spanish spice rubbed pork butt: Combine the paprika, salt, coriander, fennel, mustard seeds and pepper in a bowl. Rub the entire pork with the spice mixture. Cover the pork and refrigerate overnight.nFor the sherry vinegarhoney glaze: Whisk the honey, vinegar, salt and pepper in a bowl.nPrepare the Caja China according to manufacturers directions. Drizzle the pork with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the pork in the Caja China and roast until the pork reaches an internal temperature of 175 degrees F, about 3 12 hours. At 175 degrees F, begin basting the pork with the Sherry VinegarHoney Glaze about every 15 minutes. Removing the top of the Caja China will slow the cooking process considerably.nCook the pork until it reaches an internal temperature of 190 degrees F, about 1 hour. Remove the pork from the Caja China and tent loosely with aluminum foil. Let the pork rest for 20 minutes before slicing or pulling., ingredients: [14 cup smoked Spanish paprika, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 heaping tablespoon ground coriander, 1 heaping tablespoon ground fennel, 1 heaping tablespoon ground mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, One 4pound pork butt, Canola oil, for drizzling, 1 cup clover honey, 12 cup sherry vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spanish Spice Rubbed Pork Butt with Sherry VinegarHoney Glaze, picturelink: null}, 42912: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBake the potatoes until tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Allow to cool, and then peel and grate them. Season well with salt and pepper.nSpray two 12hole muffin pans generously with cooking spray. Scoop 3 to 4 tablespoons of grated potato into each muffin hole. Use your fingers to gently press down the sides and bottom in each muffin hole to make a nest. Spray again with cooking spray. Then bake for 15 to 20 minutes. Watch and make sure they do not burn.nAllow the nests to cool. Then crack an egg into each one. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and bake until the whites are set, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [6 to 8 medium russet potatoes, Salt and ground pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, 24 large eggs], title: Baked Eggs in Hash Brown Cups, picturelink: ECVaMD69JvD89hw83hFtSBCAgmmK}, 42913: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nArrange the bread slices on 2 heavy large baking sheets. Drizzle 3 tablespoons oil over the bread slices. Bake until the crostini are pale golden and crisp, about 15 minutes.nBlend the bell peppers and mayonnaise in a food processor until smooth and creamy. Season the bell pepper mayonnaise, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate.nTie the beef with kitchen string to help maintain its shape. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a heavy small skillet over medium heat. Add the beef to the skillet and cook until brown and cooked to desired doneness, about 8 minutes for rare. Freeze the beef until it is just frozen this will make it easier to slice, about 3 hours. Using a large sharp carving knife, cut the beef into thin slices.nSpread the bell pepper mayonnaise over the crostini and top with the sliced beef. Arrange the crostini on a platter. Scatter over the capers, sprinkle with the coarse sea salt, and serve.nDoAhead Tip: The bell pepper mayonnaise and sliced beef can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate.nAlternative: If desired, the beef tenderloin can be substituted with 1 pound freshly sliced roast beef. Since the roast beef is already cooked and can be used as is, it makes a great timesaving alternative., ingredients: [36 slices 12inch thick baguette bread, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 23 cup roasted red peppers, preserved in water, drained well and patted dry, 13 cup mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1 12pound piece beef tenderloin, trimmed, 3 tablespoons drained capers, chopped, Coarse sea salt, to serve], title: Beef Crostini with Red Pepper Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 42914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial Equipment: 24cup mini muffin tinnPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk and melted butter. Whisk in the flour and salt and fold in the cheeses and chives until evenly incorporated. Cover batter and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPut a mini muffin pan on the middle rack in the oven to warm for 10 minutes.nRemove muffin tin from oven careful, hot and pour the batter into the cups of the hot tin, filling almost to the top. Lightly sprinkle with cayenne. Bake the popovers until crisp and golden, about 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup finely grated Cheddar, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons minced chives, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Cheesy Popovers, picturelink: fvds84Q4EL0vAKb02svLu0kNgCYGA6}, 42915: {instructions: Dissolve the sugar in 1 cup water and bring to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the mixture turns syrupy, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Place the tea bags in the saucepan and let the mixture come to room temperature. Refrigerate until cold, about 2 hours. Syrup will keep up to one month stored in the refrigerator in a container with a tight fitting lid.nSpoon 3 tablespoons of the cold Earl Grey simple syrup into each Champagne flute. Garnish with a thin slice of lemon., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 Earl Grey tea bags, Champagne or sparkling wine, very cold, 2 thin lemon slices], title: Earl Grey Spritzer, picturelink: null}, 42916: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDivide prepared cake mix into nonstick muffin tins and bake for 20 minutes. The batter will make 8 to 10 muffins, depending on the size of your tin. Turn muffins out of tins to quick cool.nBeat cream cheese, pumpkin, nutmeg, orange zest and vanilla with hand mixer at medium speed. Beat in sugar until frosting is fluffy. Frost cupcakes and top with crystalized ginger., ingredients: [1 box prepared gingerbread mix, prepared to package directions for cake, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 cup canned pumpkin puree, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 1 orange, zested, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 12 cups powdered confectioners sugar, Shaved crystalized ginger, for garnish], title: Gingerbread Cupcakes with Pumpkin Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 42917: {instructions: Toast the almonds and pistachios at 325 degrees F for 20 minutes on a baking sheet.nCombine the sugar, corn syrup, and water in a saucepan and cook to 330 degrees F. When the sugar reaches 265 degrees F, start to heat the honey in a separate pan and bring it to a low boil.nSimultaneously, whisk the egg whites to stiff peaks with an electric mixer, being careful not to overwhisk. With the mixer still on high, gradually add the honey, pouring it down the side of the bowl. Continue to whisk. When the sugar reaches 330 degrees F, pour it over the honey meringue. Mix for 5 minutes at medium speed. Switch to the paddle and continue mixing for another 5 minutes. Using a spatula, incorporate the warm nuts. This will be sticky. Apply cooking spray to parchment lined sheet pan. Pour the nougat onto the parchment paper and flatten or spread to 34inch thick with cornstarchdusted hands or rolling pin. Rest overnight at room temperature. Cut to desired sized pieces and dip half in chocolate or drizzle chocolate over the top.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [2 23 cups almonds, toasted, 1 cup pistachios, toasted, 2 12 cups sugar, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons corn syrup, 9 tablespoons water, 1 34 cups honey, 13 cup egg whites or 1 12 whites, Cornstarch, for dusting, 8 to 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered], title: Nougat Montilimar, picturelink: KTzLtgAvpXi98Z6JElVI.lrjB7Mq.u}, 42918: {instructions: In a saucepan combine the plums, the sugar, and 2 12 cups water and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Simmer the mixture, covered, for 5 minutes and let it cool for 5 minutes. In a blender or food processor puree the mixture, strain the puree through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on the solids, and let it cool. Stir in the lemon juice and the vanilla and chill the mixture, covered, for 1 to 2 hours, or until it is cold. The mixture may be made up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Stir the mixture, transfer it to 2 metal ice cube trays without the dividers or a shallow metal bowl, and freeze it, stirring it with a fork every 20 to 30 minutes depending on the temperature of the freezer and crushing the large frozen clumps, for 2 to 3 hours, or until it is firm but not frozen hard. Scrape the granita with a fork to lighten the texture and serve it in chilled bowls., ingredients: [1 pound red or purple plums, pitted and chopped, 23 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 12 teaspoon vanilla], title: Plum Granita, picturelink: null}, 42919: {instructions: Thoroughly rinse the squid under cold water and pat dry. Cut the tentacles in half lengthwise. Cut the bodies in half lengthwise as well and then into 12inch wide pieces. Set aside.nOver high heat, bring 12 inch of water to a boil in a 6quart saucepan. Decrease the heat in order to maintain a simmer. Place the squid in a steamer basket and gently set over the simmering water. Cover and steam for 2 to 4 minutes. Remove the steamer basket from the pot and plunge the squid into ice water to stop the cooking. Remove from the water and drain thoroughly. Set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, black pepper, cumin and cayenne pepper. Add the squid, tomato, onion, capers and cilantro and toss until combined. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 12 pounds squid, tubes and tentacles, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon toasted and ground cumin seeds, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 34 cup finely chopped and seeded tomato, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Seaside Squid Salad, picturelink: iAxLlit37wq5mlWhZ.1LRJLy1ba652}, 42920: {instructions: BRING a large pot of water to a boil.nHEAT olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and saute until slightly yellow in color.nCOOK pasta 1 minute less than recommended cook time on package.nMeanwhile, ADD zucchini and yellow squash to the skillet and saute for 34 minutes.nADD tomatoes and 12 cup water. Season with salt and pepper.nDRAIN pasta and add to the skillet. Toss with the sauce. Let pasta continue to cook in the skillet for 1 minute.nTURN off heat and toss in basil.nTOP with Parmesan cheese before serving., ingredients: [1 box Barilla Whole Grain Spaghetti, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 2 zucchini, sliced with peeler, 2 yellow squash, sliced with peeler, 1 can, 14 oz, San Marzano tomatoes, 12 cup water, salt, to taste, black pepper, to taste, 4 leaves basil, cut into strips, 12 cup Parmesan cheese,grated], title: Barilla Whole Grain Spaghetti with Zucchini and Yellow Squash, picturelink: stZ7zzRqZgZ0KGpxq.1isBhJEESppC}, 42921: {instructions: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the walnuts, stirring constantly. Add the brown sugar and cook until melted. Remove from the heat and carefully add the bourbon. Return to the heat and cook out the alcohol, about 3 to 5 minutes. Be careful as mixture may ignite. Add cream and bring to a slow boil. Combine milk and cornstarch.nAdd milk mixture into sauce stirring constantly until thickened., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup toasted chopped walnuts, 23 cup brown sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 5 tablespoons bourbon, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon cornstarch], title: Bourbon Walnut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42922: {instructions: For the mushroom topping: Add the butter, oil, thyme, onions, chiles, salt and pepper to a pan over medium heat. Cook until the onions are tender and the thyme is fragrant, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook until they lose some moisture and wilt, about 5 minutes. Transfer the mushrooms to a plate and wipe out the pan to reuse.nFor the patty: Whisk the Worcestershire, salt, pepper and garlic in a small bowl. Break up the ground chuck in a separate large bowl. Gently combine the Worcestershire and the ground chuck. Form the ground chuck into a ball.nHeat the pan over mediumhigh heat. Place the ball of ground chuck between two sheets of parchment or plastic wrap. Flatten the ball to a size a little larger than the flatbreads, using a rolling pin or the bottom of a glass. Place the flattened patty in the pan and cook on one side until the edges begin to curl under a bit. Flip the patty and cook the other side to your desired amount of doneness, about 5 minutes total.nAdjust an oven rack to the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Place one of the flatbreads on a sheet of aluminum foil. Evenly layer the American cheese on top and sprinkle with the bacon. Place the patty on top and evenly spread the mushroom mixture on top. Place the smoked mozzarella on top. Place the second flatbread on top and tightly wrap the sandwich inside the foil and bake, flipping the sandwich halfway through the cooking process, about 10 minutes.nRemove the sandwich from the oven and let rest 5 minutes before opening. Cut the sandwich in to 4 wedges with a knife. Serve with ketchup., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 fresh sprigs thyme, stripped and chopped, 12 onion, finely chopped, 12 serrano chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, Pinch salt, Grind or two freshly ground black pepper, 8 button mushrooms, sliced, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, A few grinds freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp, 8 ounces ground chuck, Two 7to8inchround flatbreads, such as Aladdin or Metsuyan, 3 slices American cheese, 4 strips bacon, cooked and chopped, 4 ounces smoked mozzarella, sliced or torn into bits, Ketchup, for serving], title: Sunnys Patty Melt Muffaletta, picturelink: WfuWPodWLH9oBPd6F3u5bMZh6yRE2}, 42923: {instructions: Cut the beef against the grain into narrow 2inch long strips about 12inch thick. Pat dry and season with salt and pepper, to taste. In a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the infused olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the prepared beef and brown on all sides, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the meat from the pan and set aside. Add another tablespoon oil to saute pan, if needed, and add the onions. Cook until light golden, stirring and adding 14 cup of beef stock to deglaze the pan. Stir in the remaining beef stock and the beef with any resting juices back to the skillet and simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in the sour cream and just heat through, do not boil. Taste for seasoning and adjust, as necessary. Transfer the stroganoff to a serving platter and serve. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 pounds top sirloin roast, trimmed, Kosher salt and fresh cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons garlic infused olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cups good quality beef stock, 1 12 cups sour cream], title: Beef Stroganoff, picturelink: UEOY6NZDvmlG3B7OdasJoUboEPHFLom}, 42924: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat and saute the bread until golden and crisp. Remove bread and set aside.nAdd 2 more tablespoons of olive oil and cook the onion, stirring, just until the onion begins to color, about 10 minutes. Add the tomato paste and swirl around with the onion. Season with a little salt. Add the bread and toss all together in the skillet until the bread is warmed through. Remove from the heat, drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups 1inch bread cubes without crusts, 1 medium red onion, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, Salt to taste, Freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Sauteed Bread with Onion and Tomato from Lefkada Panada, picturelink: null}, 42925: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 3inch biscuit cutternPreheat the grill over medium heat.nCoat a large saute pan over medium heat with canola oil. Add the fennel seeds, red pepper flakes, to taste, and the pork, and brown for about 3 minutes. Add garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, cayenne pepper, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for a few more minutes, then stir in the parsley.nStretch out the dough to make it wider. On a floured surface, roll the dough into a thin disk. Using a biscuit cutter, cut out circles and brush 1 side with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the dough circles on the grill, oil side down. Brush more oil on other side and season again with salt and pepper. Grill for 1 to 2 minutes on each side. When cooked remove them from the grill.nTop each mini pizza with desired amount of the pizza sauce, pork mixture and cheese. Return the pizzas to the grill and close the lid. Cook until the cheese melts and the pork mixture is warmed through, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter, garnish with fresh chopped parsley and serve., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 12 teaspoon fennel seed, Red pepper flakes, 1 pound ground pork, Garlic powder, Onion powder, Paprika, Cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 storebought pizza dough, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 jar favorite pizza sauce, 2 cups grated mozzarella cheese], title: Grilled Pizza, picturelink: JeVoY3uHii4E35WoooyrATXurn1drW}, 42926: {instructions: Transfer pasta dough to floured baking sheet and cover loosely with plastic wrap. Dredge scallops in flour, shaking off excess, and season with salt and pepper. In skillet set over moderately high heat melt 1 tablespoon of the butter with the oil and heat until hot. Add the scallops and saute until golden and just firm. Transfer to a plate, add the shallots to the skillet and cook 1 minute. Add the Madeira and reduce by half. Add the cream and reduce until lightly thickened. Stir in mustard, lemon juice, paprika and salt and pepper to taste.nIn a saucepan of boiling salted water cook the pasta shapes until al dente, drain and toss with remaining butter.nAdd scallops to sauce and simmer until heated through. Spoon scallop mixture onto serving plates, mounding it in the center of the plate, and drape the pasta shapes over. Garnish with the herb sprigs., ingredients: [12 recipe egg pasta dough recipe above, 1 pound sea scallops, Flour for dredging, Salt and pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup minced shallots, 12 cup Sercial Madeira, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Fresh lemon juice to taste, Sweet paprika to taste, Herb sprigs for garnish if desired], title: Herb Pasta Sheets with Scallops in Madeira Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42927: {instructions: In a bowl stir together the yolks, the mustard, the anchovy paste, the Worcestershire sauce, the hot sauce, the mayonnaise, the celery, the parsley, the bell pepper, the garlic, and the celery seeds until the mixture is combined well and stir in the egg whites and salt and pepper to taste. Serve the sauce with boiled shrimp. Makes 1 34 cup., ingredients: [2 hardboiled large eggs, the yolks mashed and the whites minced, 1 teaspoon Englishstyle dry mustard, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 18 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons minced celery, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons minced green bell pepper, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon celery seeds], title: Remoulade Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42928: {instructions: Spread the bread with butter, cut into 12 2inch squares, and press the buttered side of the bread gently into the parsley to coat it. In a small bowl combine well the radish and the onion and divide the mixture among the bread squares. Roll up each herring strip into a coil and arrange the herring and the capers decoratively on the bread.nThe canapes may be made 30 minutes in advance and kept covered and chilled. Arrange the canapes on a platter., ingredients: [6 slices of rye bread, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons minced radish, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 12 4inch strips of bottled pickled herring fillet, patted dry, 24 drained bottled capers], title: Pickled Herring Canapes, picturelink: null}, 42929: {instructions: In a medium sauce pot, melt the butter with the oil and saute the celery and onion for approximately 1 12 minutes or until translucent. Add the flour and blend together to make a roux. Add chicken stock and bring to a boil and whisk until it becomes lightly thickened and vegetables are tender Add the heavy cream and blend well together with a mixer.nAdd the remaining ingredients and puree soup in a blender in batches. Serve garnished with celery leaves, ingredients: [1 teaspoon butter, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 2 cups celery, roughly chopped, 14 cup onions, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Salt and pepper to taste, Pinch of dried thyme, Pinch of dried oregano, Pinch of dried tarragon, 2 teaspoons celery seeds, toasted and ground, Celery leaves for garnish], title: Creamy Celery Soup, picturelink: null}, 42930: {instructions: Place chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water and whisk until melted. Remove from heat, and carefully dip the bowl of a teaspoon into the melted chocolate. Allow the excess chocolate to drip back into the bowl. The spoon should be evenly coated with a thin layer of chocolate. Place spoon faceup on a parchmentlined baking sheet and allow chocolate to harden at room temperature, about 3 hours., ingredients: [Semisweet chocolate, chopped], title: Chocolate Covered Spoons, picturelink: null}, 42931: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 220 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, add the cayenne, garlic powder, dark brown sugar, black pepper and curry powder and stir to blend. Spread the spice mix on a baking sheet and put it in the oven for 2 minutes. Meanwhile, separate the bacon slices. Remove the pan from the oven and put the bacon slices, in a single layer, on the spice mix. Turn them over to lightly coat both sides of each slice with the spice mix.nArrange the bacon in 2 large skillets and cook over medium heat until golden brown. Note: because of the brown sugar, the bacon is more prone to burning, especially if cooked too quickly over high heat. As the bacon is cooked, use a slotted spoon or spatula to transfer the strips to a paper towel to drain. Drain off any excess grease from the skillets but leave a small layer in each pan.nRaise the temperature of the oven to 350 degrees F.nArrange the bread on a baking sheet and put it in the center of the oven. When the bread is toasted, remove from the oven and set aside.nReturn the skillets to the stove over mediumlow heat and crack 2 eggs into each skillet. Do not overcrowd. Season them lightly with salt. Cook until desired doneness. Transfer the eggs to a platter and arrange the bacon and the toast around the eggs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 6 slices thick cut bacon, 12 loaf sourdough bread cut into 24 2inch long and 1inch thick rectangles or soldiers, 4 eggs, Sea salt], title: SpiceRubbed Bacon with Fried Eggs and Toast Soldiers, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 42932: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn 2 13 by 9inch pans place tomato halves cut side up. Sprinkle with oil, salt and pepper, onion, garlic, and herbs. Bake tomatoes for 2 hours. Check the tomatoes after 1 hour and turn down the heat if they seem to be cooking too quickly. Then turn the oven to 400 degrees and bake another 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and process tomatoes through a food mill on medium dye setting over a small saucepan. Discard skins. Add white wine, bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and cook for 5 minutes., ingredients: [20 Roma tomatoes, halved and seeded, 14 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup finely diced onion, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon finely chopped oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped thyme leaves, 1 cup white wine], title: Tomato Sauce, picturelink: 2URUkAyrmIPHZZ1v8Rf8hwhoFbju}, 42933: {instructions: Combine, shake, and pour into a martini glass., ingredients: [2 oz. Baileysu00ae Hazelnut Flavor Liqueur, 12 oz. Vodka], title: Baileysandreg Hazelnut Martini, picturelink: FhddE4CTXKtRWwCZ4HNS8FwVnLMxzeq}, 42934: {instructions: Follow directions on the package of brownie mix, then add the marshmallows. Bake according to the package and cut into your favorite shapes. To make the caramel sauce, in a sauce pot melt the sugar, water and cream until the famed caramel color is achieved. Lower heat and slowly reduce. Remove from the stove, and if it is too thick add more cream 1 teaspoon at a time until a desired consistency is achieved., ingredients: [1 package brownie mix, 1 cup small marshmallows, 1 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons water, 5 tablespoons cream], title: Get Outta the Doghouse Brownies with Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42935: {instructions: Cream together the sugar and butter in a bowl. Add the molasses and egg and mix until thoroughly combined.nIn a medium bowl, add the cake flour, bread flour, baking soda, salt and spices and whisk together. Pour into the wet ingredients and mix until just combined.nScoop the dough onto a sheet of plastic wrap and form a log. Refrigerate and chill the dough for at least 1 hour.nWhile the dough is chilling, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the chilled dough from the refrigerator and form into golf ballsize balls. Roll in the sugar to coat and place on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake for 4 minutes, then rotate the cookie sheet and then bake for another 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the baked cookies from the oven and cool.nUse a 4inch ring cutter to cut out rings of the Bacon Caramel Semifreddo and place on a cookie. Then add the crumbled bacon and sandwich with another cookie to make ice cream sandwiches.nIn a large bowl, whip the heavy cream to stiff peaks. Set aside to chill in the fridge. Using an electric mixer, whip the egg whites on low until frothy. Increase the speed to medium and slowly add 34 cup of sugar. Whip to stiff, glossy peaks.nMeanwhile, begin whipping the egg yolks on medium speed. Slowly add the bacon fat as the yolks begin to increase in volume. In a small saucepot, bring the remaining sugar and 12 cup water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Allow the sugar mixture to cook until it reaches 245 degrees F. Remove the sugar from the heat and slowly stream to combine with the whipped yolk mixture. Whip the yolks mixture until it triples in volume and cools completely.nOnce all three mixtures are prepared fold onethird meringue into the yolk mixture. Then gently fold the yolk mixture back into the remaining meringue in two equal additions. Just before it is completely combined, begin to fold in the whipped cream. Continue to gently fold together until completely incorporated. Spread evenly into a 17by12inch jellyroll pan. Place in the freezer until firm., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 1 stick butter, softened, 13 cup molasses, 1 egg, 34 cup cake flour, 12 cup bread flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Extra sugar, to coat cookies, Bacon Caramel Semifreddo, for serving, recipe follows, Cooked bacon, crumbled, for serving, 3 cups heavy cream, 8 eggs, separated, 1 14 cup sugar, 12 cup rendered bacon fat], title: Molasses Cookie Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 42936: {instructions: Gently pound chicken breasts between sheets of plastic wrap with a flat meat pounder or a rolling pin until 13inch thick.nWhisk together buttermilk, hot sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, and black pepper in a shallow dish, then add chicken, turning to coat, and let stand 15 minutes.nPlace flour in a shallow dish.Stir together bread crumbs, cayenne, and remaining 12 teaspoon salt in another shallow dish. Remove chicken from buttermilk 1 piece at a time, dredge in flour, dip back into the buttermilk, letting excess drip off, then dredge in bread crumbs, pressing gently to help them adhere. Transfer chicken as coated to a sheet of waxed paper.nHeat oil in a 10inch heavy nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking about 360 degrees F, then fry chicken 2 pieces at a time until golden brown and cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side. Transfer chicken with tongs to paper towels to drain and serve with hot sauce on the side., ingredients: [4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves 1 12 pounds, 1 cup wellshaken buttermilk, 1 teaspoon bottled hot sauce, plus additional, for serving, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 3 cups fresh bread crumbs from 6 slices firm white sandwich bread,crusts on, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 cup vegetable oil, for frying], title: Spicy Fried Chicken Cutlets, picturelink: null}, 42937: {instructions: 1. For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pulse together the walnuts, flour, sugar, and salt to a fine meal in a food processor. Pulse in the butter until it forms a crumbly dough. Press into the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch springform pan. Place on a baking sheet and bake until lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove and let cool.n2. For the filling: Reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the wild mushrooms, white mushrooms, and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. Lower the heat to medium add the butter, shallots, and thyme. Cook, stirring frequently, until the mushrooms are tender, about 10 minutes more. Adjust the seasoning and set aside.n3. Combine the Parmesan and Comte cheeses in a small bowl and set aside. Scatter half the mushrooms and half the cheese evenly over the crust. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, and heavy cream until smooth and frothy. Pour half the egg mixture over the mushrooms. Repeat with the remaining mushrooms and egg mixture and top with the remaining cheese.n4. Bake the quiche until golden brown on top and just set with a little wiggle in the very center, 50 to 60 minutes. Run a clean paring knife between the crust and the pan to separate. Let cool slightly, about 25 minutes. Garnish the quiche with the parsley. Carefully remove the springform pan ring. Cut the quiche into wedges and serve warm or at room temperature with crisp greens., ingredients: [1 12 cups walnuts, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound mixed wild mushrooms, such as oyster, shiitake, and trumpet, 34 pound white or cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 shallots, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 3 13 cups grated Parmesan, 12 cup shredded Comte or Mahon cheese, 3 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish, Crisp greens, for serving], title: Wild Mushroom Quiche with Walnut Crust, picturelink: null}, 42938: {instructions: Whisk 3 tablespoons lowfat Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon each olive oil, lemon juice and honey, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, and salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Add 8 cups baby arugula, 1 chopped apple, 13 cup each chopped walnuts and dried cranberries, and 2 tablespoons sunflower seeds toss.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Arugula with Apples and Walnuts, picturelink: YiMIYwLkSwbrq7t.xfWCr9GQvKExgq}, 42939: {instructions: For filling: Heat oil in large nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Add pork, serrano, chili powder, cumin, chipotle powder, cinnamon, and allspice to the skillet and stir for 3 minutes. Add raisins and lime juice, bring to a boil and cook until almost all liquid evaporates, about 1 minute. Remove from heat. Mix in the almonds and sour cream. Season with salt and pepper. Cool.nFor dough: Butter 2 large baking sheets. Mix flour, masa harina, baking powder, and salt in large bowl. Stir in melted butter. Whisk water and 1 egg in a small bowl to blend. Add to flour mixture knead in bowl until smooth pliable dough forms, about 2 minutes. Working with half of dough at a time, roll out on floured surface to 18inch thickness. Using a 3inch diameter biscuit cutter, cut out rounds. Reroll scraps and cut out additional rounds for a total of 12 rounds per dough half. Whisk remaining egg in a small bowl to blend. Place 1 tablespoon filling in center of each dough round. Lightly brush edges with egg. Fold dough over, pressing edges with fork to seal. Place on prepared baking sheets. Cover with plastic wrap chill. Note: dough can be made 1 day ahead.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Brush empanadas with beaten egg. Bake until light golden brown, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12ounce pork tenderloin, trimmed, cut into 13inch medallions, 1 serrano chile, minced, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 cup golden raisins, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 6 tablespoons chopped toasted almonds, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 12 teaspoon chipotle powder, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup masa harina cornmeal, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, cooled, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon water, 2 large eggs], title: Piggy Pie Spicy Pork Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 42940: {instructions: Heat the oil in a nonstick pan over a low heat. Add the cumin seeds, cinnamon, cloves, cardamom, and bay leaf, and fry for 20 to 30 seconds, or until the spices are fragrant. Add the onion, and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden brown. Add the almonds and raisins, and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the rice, and stir well to coat it in the spiced oil.nAdd the water, saffron water, and half of the chopped figs, and season, with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Bring the mixture to a boil, and continue to boil for 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, and cover the pan with a lid. Cook the mixture for 7 to 8 minutes, or until the rice is tender, but still has a slight bite. Add the remaining figs and the chopped nuts, and stir well, fluffing the rice with a fork as you stir. Set the pan aside for 4 to 5 minutes to allow any excess water to evaporate, and then serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 3inch piece cinnamon stick, 3 whole cloves, 3 green cardamom pods, 1 bay leaf, 1 onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped blanched almonds, 2 teaspoons raisins, 7 ounces basmati rice, washed until the water runs clear, drained, 2 cups water, Pinch saffron threads, soaked in 2 tablespoons hot water, 2 readytoeat dried figs, chopped, plus extra to serve, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped walnuts or pistachios], title: Kashmiri Pilaff, picturelink: null}, 42941: {instructions: If using fresh clams, shuck them over a bowl to catch their juices. Measure 2 cups of juices, transfer to a small saucepan and heat just to boiling. Meanwhile, in a soup pot heat butter over mediumhigh heat, add leeks, celery and pepper and saute, stirring, for 10 minutes, without browning. Reduce heat and whisk in flour. Cook, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Whisk in boiling clam juice and fish or chicken stock and heat to simmering. Add potatoes. Squeeze tomatoes with your hands into soup pot. Stir in thyme leaves. Simmer for 20 minutes.nIn a food processor blend 23 cup of clams to a puree coarsely chop remaining 1 13 cups clams. When ready to serve, reduce soup to barely simmering and vigorously stir in pureed clams. In a small saucepan combine coarselychopped clams with a ladleful of chowder and heat for 20 seconds over low heat. Divide chowder among soup bowls and top each portion with some chopped clams. Garnish with thyme sprigs., ingredients: [36 large clams such as Quahogs, or 2 cups shucked fresh clams, 2 cups fresh clam juice, from clams, or bottled clam juice, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 leeks, white parts only, thinly sliced into rounds, 2 celery ribs, minced, 12 green bell pepper, minced, 4 tablespoons flour, 2 cups fish or chicken stock, 2 medium potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 28ounce can tomatoes, 1 heaping tablespoon fresh thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon dried, plus 6 sprigs for garnish], title: Compromise Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 42942: {instructions: In a small pot over medium heat, rehydrate figs in vinegar for 12 hour. Let this mixture cool, then place in food processor, and pulse until figs are in small pieces. In a medium size bowl, whisk figs and shallots and add 1 12 cups olive oil, salt, and pepper.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nSprinkle the triangular toasts with oil, and season with salt and pepper. Toast the croutons in the oven. Crumble some of the blue cheese on top of each crouton. Melt the blue cheese on the toast points underneath the broiler.nWhile cheese is melting, toss the baby spinach in the fig vinaigrette. Divide the spinach onto 2 plates, add 12 the onion slices and 12 the toasted pecans. Place 3 hot croutons on each plate., ingredients: [A composed salad of baby spinach, sliced Vidalia onions, toasted pecans, fig vinaigrette, and blue cheese croutons., 1 cup dried calymyra figs, stem cut off and quartered, 1 12 cups champagne vinegar, 14 cup diced shallots, 1 12 cups good quality olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Salt and pepper, 3 slices thinly sliced white bread, crusts removed, and halved diagonally, making 2 triangles, 14 pound imported preferably: fourme dambert blue cheese, or a domestic blue, 12 Vidalia onion, thinly sliced and divided into rings, 12 cup pecans, toasted in a 300 degree F oven for 7 minutes, 1 large bunch about 4 cups baby spinach], title: Southern Spinach Salad, picturelink: null}, 42943: {instructions: Add the corn kernels to the insert of a 6quart slow cooker. Use the back of a butter knife to scrape the juice from the cobs and add to the slow cooker. Tie the thyme together with kitchen twine and add to the slow cooker along with the halfandhalf, butter, cream cheese, garlic, 2 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cover with a lid and cook on low heat for 4 hours.nTurn off the heat, remove the lid and discard the thyme. Stir with a wooden spoon or rubber spatula until the mixture comes together. Cover with the lid and rest the creamed corn for 15 minutes. Serve topped with bacon and sliced scallions., ingredients: [8 large ears corn, husked and kernels removed about 6 cups, A few sprigs thyme, 1 cup halfandhalf, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 8 large chunks, One 8ounce package cream cheese, cut into 8 large chunks, 1 large clove garlic, finely grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestions: crumbled bacon and sliced scallions], title: SlowCooker Creamed Corn, picturelink: hL1PHxPQPRz7Ico7XFGCPJBCm8EKnM.}, 42944: {instructions: SEPARATE biscuits. Arrange on bottom and up side of 9inch pie plate press together to form crust. Bake as directed on package.nMELT butter in medium skillet on low heat. Beat eggs, milk and seasonings with wire whisk until well blended pour into skillet. Cook until eggs begin to set, stirring occasionally. Add cream cheese cook until cream cheese is melted and eggs are set, stirring occasionally.nSPOON into crust sprinkle with bacon, ingredients: [1 can 7.5 oz. refrigerated buttermilk biscuits, 2 tbsp. butter or margarine, 6 eggs, lightly beaten, 13 cup milk, 14 tsp. each salt and pepper, 3 oz. cream cheese, cubed, 6 slices OSCAR MAYER Bacon, crisply cooked, crumbled], title: Bacon and Eggs Pie, picturelink: U8xUZe0RZeDEW1cu6A5tCZVPAtF5XaG}, 42945: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Prepare pizza dough and roll it out to fit a 14inch pan. Spread My Marinara over the dough. In a skillet, saute the mushrooms in the olive oil. Spread the mushrooms on top of the sauce and cover them with dollops of the roasted garlic. Sprinkle all over with the cheeses and bake until all of the cheese melts, about 15 minutes.nMix the yeast, sugar and water in a small bowl. Proof the yeast by letting it stand 5 to 10 minutes until bubbles form. Sift the flour and salt into a large mixing bowl. Add the oil and yeast mixture to the dry ingredients. With a wooden spoon, mix thoroughly until the dough is smooth. After the dough forms, continue kneading and working until all of the flour is incorporated and the texture is smooth. Let the dough rest in an oiled mixing bowl for 20 to 30 minutes. Punch down before rolling.nSaute the onion, garlic and the red bell pepper in the oil in a large pot for 5 to 7 minutes. Add the mushrooms, canned tomatoes with the juice, and the fresh tomatoes, stirring well to combine all ingredients. Add the olives, the stir in the tomato paste. Sprinkle the sugar, salt, pepper, oregano and basil over the mixture, and place the bay leaves in the pot. Mix well. Bring the mixture to a boil, lower to simmer, cover and cook about 2 hours. Remove the bay leaves before serving. Yield: 4 to 6 servings, ingredients: [1 recipe Basic Pizza Dough, 12 cup My Marinara Sauce, 10 ounces mixed exotic mushrooms shiitake, oyster, any wild mushrooms available, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 garlic cloves, roasted, 3 ounces Gruyere cheese, 3 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated, 3 ounces Swiss cheese, grated, 1 package yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 34 cup warm water, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Dash of salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium to large onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 4ounce can mushroom pieces, drained, 1 24ounce can whole tomatoes, chopped, juice reserved, 1 pound fresh tomatoes, diced, 1 4ounce can ripe olives, diced, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 2 bay leaves], title: Wild Mushroom Pizza, picturelink: null}, 42946: {instructions: Chop the reserved chicken and vegetables and mix them all together along with the apple. In a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, parsley, and salt and pepper, to taste. Toss with the chopped chicken mixture. Divide the mixture among the tortillas, wrap up, and enjoy., ingredients: [Reserved chicken tenders from Grilled Lemon Herb Chicken, Reserved red onion from Steamed Mahi Mahi with Vegetables, Reserved zucchini and squash from Steamed Mahi Mahi with Vegetables, 1 apple, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons lowfat mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 flour tortillas], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Grilled Chicken and Apple Wraps, picturelink: pNApwXpLmn79Ys2YOmc7DQwpDOJse}, 42947: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat to preheat. Season both sides of chicken with salt and black pepper. Place chicken on hot pan and cook 3 to 5 minutes per side, until cooked through.nIn a small bowl, whisk together rice wine, vegetable oil, wasabi paste, hot mustard, and ginger. Set aside.nHeat sesame oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add slaw mix and soy sauce and cook 2 to 3 minutes, until wilted.nArrange wonton wrappers on a flat surface. Top each wrapper with 1 heaping teaspoon of slaw mixture. Pull up sides and pinch the middle together, making a purse. Heat peanut oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add purses and cook 1 minute, until bottom is golden brown. Add broth and bring to a simmer. Cover and steam 3 to 5 minutes, until purses are tender and translucent.nServe 4 of the chicken breast halves with all of the vinaigrette spooned over top and all of the beggars purses on the side. Reserve remaining chicken for stroganoff, if desired., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 6 boneless skinless chicken breast halves about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup rice wine mirin, 2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, 1 teaspoon wasabi paste, 2 teaspoons hot mustard not powder, 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 cups prepared cole slaw mix, 1 tablespoon reducedsodium soy sauce, 16 wonton wrappers, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth], title: Grilled Chicken with Spicy Ginger Vinaigrette, picturelink: eCAFjYp1.7efuu0EupqCr5Pj8hoLDwG}, 42948: {instructions: Mix honey, orange juice and Seasoning in large bowl. Add shrimp toss to coat well. Thread shrimp and watermelon cubes alternately onto skewers.nGrill over medium heat 5 minutes or just until shrimp turn pink, turning occasionally.nCopyright u00a9 2011 McCormick  Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon McCormicku00ae Grill Matesu00ae Fiery 5 Pepper Seasoning, 1 pound large shrimp 26 to 30 count, peeled and deveined, 26 to 30 seedless watermelon cubes 1inch cubes], title: Fiery 5 Pepper Shrimp and Watermelon Kabobs, picturelink: AVuEVLj9f4FcfAmWqLCvViYqHPNZrgy}, 42949: {instructions: In a heavy kettle  at least 5 quarts cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp. Add onions and cook, stirring, until softened. Peel potatoes and cut into 34inch cubes. Add potatoes, celery, broth, and water and simmer, covered, 10 minutes. Add lima beans and corn and simmer, covered, 5 minutes.nIn a small bowl dissolve cornstarch in half andhalf or milk and stir into simmering soup with Worcestershire sauce. Bring soup to a boil, stirring, and add fish.  If using smoked trout, no further cooking is necessary if using finnan haddie or fresh fish, simmer, covered, 5 minutes, or until it just flakes. Stir in parsley or dill. Soup may be made 2 days ahead cool uncovered before chilling covered. Reheat gently., ingredients: [3 slices bacon, chopped, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 12 pounds russet baking potatoes, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 12 cups water, 10 ounce package frozen baby lima beans, 10 ounce package frozen corn, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 12 cups halfandhalf or milk, 1 to 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 pound finnan haddie smoked haddock, cut into 1inch pieces, or 2 smoked trout, skinned, boned, and flaked into 1inch pieces, or fresh fillets of cod, haddock, halibut or snapper, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves or fresh dill], title: Smoked Fish Chowder, picturelink: null}, 42950: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the chicken breasts with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the breasts on an oiled cookie sheet and bake for 14 to 16 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the oven and cool, then refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes. Shred or dice the chicken breasts and set aside. Add the mayonnaise, vinegar, celery, pine nuts, ginger and grapes to a medium bowl and whisk well. Fold the chicken into the mayonnaise mixture until well coated. Return the chicken to the refrigerator for 20 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve with pita chips or use to make a great summer sandwich., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray or oil, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 ribs celery, minced, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 cup halved red grapes, Pita chips, for serving, if desired], title: Chicken Salad with Ginger and Grapes, picturelink: null}, 42951: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nButter and sugar a baking dish and reserve the remaining sugar.nIn a large mixing bowl combine apple wedges, lemon juice, brown sugar, spices, salt and apple brandy. Toss to combine evenly. In a separate mixing bowl add bread cubes, pour in the melted butter and toss to coat evenly. Layer bread cubes in the bottom of the baking dish followed by apples and repeat this so you have 2 layers of each. Press gently on top of the fillings to compact slightly. Pour any remaining liquid over the apples and bread cubes. Sprinkle with the remaining sugar and bake in the oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the top is golden. Remove from the oven and allow to cool. Serve topped with a scoop of ice cream and powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus more for baking dish, 4 tablespoons sugar, 6 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and cut into small wedges, 1 lemon, juiced, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, Pinch ground nutmeg, Pinch salt, 14 cup apple brandy recommended: Calvados, 1 loaf brioche bread, crusts discarded and bread cubed, 1 quart vanilla bean ice cream, for serving, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Apple Brown Betty with Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 42952: {instructions: In a medium saucepan set over medium heat, heat the oil until shimmering, about 2 minutes. Add the onion and saute until browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 2 minutes more. Add the stock and quinoa and mix until fully combined. Add the cumin, cayenne, and some salt and pepper.nIncrease the heat to high and bring the mixture to a boil. Immediately reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, or until all the liquid is absorbed. Add the spinach and gently toss with the quinoa until wilted.nRemove the pan from the heat. Stir in the corn and black beans. Crumble the feta over the top and garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 34 cup golden quinoa, rinsed, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 ounces baby spinach, One 12ounce bag frozen sweet corn kernels, thawed, Two 15ounce cans black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 to 2 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, torn, for garnish], title: Black BeanFeta Quinoa Bowl, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 42953: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with aluminum foil.nPlace the sweet potatoes on the prepared sheet pan and pierce each potato 4 times with a small knife. Roast for 1 to 1 14 hours, until very tender inside when tested with a knife. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Leave the oven on. Peel the potatoes, discard the skins and place the potatoes in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment.nMeanwhile, place the milk, cream, chipotle chile and adobo sauce in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. It might look curdled.nWith the mixer on low speed, add the chipotlemilk mixture to the sweet potatoes. Add the maple syrup, butter and 1 tablespoon salt. Mix until the potatoes are coarsely pureed. Pour into a 9by12by2inch oval oventotable baking dish and bake for 30 minutes, until heated through. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve hot.nMake ahead: Prepare the sweet potato mixture, spoon it into the baking dish, cover and refrigerate for up to 3 days. Bake at 350 degrees F for 40 to 45 minutes, until hot.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [4 pounds sweet potatoes 6 potatoes, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon minced canned chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, with seeds, such as Goya, 1 tablespoon adobo sauce from the can of chiles, 14 cup pure Grade A maple syrup, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Chipotle Smashed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: 8uFF651Quzs551AzROlmU9ujzffNENW}, 42954: {instructions: Sprinkle the steak all over with 14 teaspoon salt. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the steak and sear until browned, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Add the garlic to the skillet. Once it sizzles, add the onion and bell peppers and cook, stirring occasionally, until they soften slightly, about 4 minutes. Add the pepperoncini, tomatoes, oregano, red pepper flakes and 34 cup water and stir to combine. Bring to a rapid simmer, then nestle the steak in the sauce and simmer, turning once, until medium rare, about 7 minutes. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let rest about 5 minutes. Continue simmering the sauce until thickened, about 3 more minutes. Thinly slice the steak against the grain and divide among plates. Top with the sauce and parsley. Serve with focaccia.nPer serving:nCalories 318nFat 12 g Saturated 3 gnCholesterol 51 mgnSodium 668 mgnCarbohydrate 16 gnFiber 4 gnProtein 35 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 14 pounds boneless sirloin steak about 1 inch thick, excess fat trimmed, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 large onion, sliced 14 inch thick, 2 bell peppers 1 red, 1 yellow, sliced 12 inch thick, 4 jarred pepperoncini, drained and thinly sliced, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Focaccia, for serving optional], title: Steak Pizzaiola, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 42955: {instructions: 1. Peel the grapefruit, reserving the rind for cooking the crayfish. Using a small knife, slice away the bitter pith and with it the thinnest possible layer of fruit. Cutting against the membranes, release each section of grapefruit intact remove any seeds. Set the sections aside for the moment and, working over a bowl, squeeze as much juice from the membranes as you can, to use in the cocktail sauce discard the membranes.n2. Halve, pit and peel the avocados, then rub the exposed fruit with the cut lemon to keep it from darkening. Slice each avocado half into 3 wedges and give the wedges a squirt of lemon juice.n3. Arrange the lettuce in an even layer in the bottom of a large shallow bowl. Mound the tomatoes in the center of the bowl and surround them with alternating slices of grapefruit and avocado. Sprinkle the tarragon over the tomatoes. Cover the salad and keep it refrigerated until serving time. The salad can be made a couple of hours ahead of time and kept tightly covered and chilled.nThe Crayfish: 1. If the crayfish are cooked and peeled, move on to the cocktail sauce. If theyre live, bring 1 gallon of water to a boil in a stockpot. Add all the ingredients, return to the boil, and simmer, uncovered, for 2 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and cool the crayfish in the water for 10 minutes. Drain and discard the cooking liquid.n2. To peel crayfish, twist off and discard the head. Peel off the upper three sections of shell, then, holding the meat in one hand and the tip of the tail in the other, squeeze the tail while pulling the meat out of the shell. The vein in the center of the crayfish should come off with the shell. If it doesnt, remove it by hand, then use your finger to rub off any yellow coral that clings to the meat. Set the crayfish aside.nThe Cocktail Sauce: 1. Boil the grapefruit juice until it is reduced to 2 teaspoons cool.n2. Whisk the yolk, mustard, salt and pepper to taste, and cayenne together in a medium bowl. Whisking constantly, add the oil in a slow stream. When the mixture is emulsified, like mayonnaise, whisk in all the other ingredients, including the cooled grapefruit juice. Taste and adjust the seasonings if necessary. The sauce can be kept in a tightly covered container in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 days.nTo serve: Arrange the crayfish on the tomatoes sprinkle with almonds, and serve the sauce on the side.nTo drink: A light, dry Alsatian Gewurtztraminer or, perhaps, a Muscat Sec, ingredients: [1 pink grapefruit, 2 ripe avocados, 12 lemon, 1 head Boston lettuce, washed, dried, and cut into thin strips, 4 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and finely chopped, 12 leaves tarragon, finely sliced, The reserved grapefruit rind see method, 12 bunch tarragon, leaves and stems, 14 cup salt, 1 teaspoon cracked peppercorns, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 3 pounds crayfish, preferably live, rinsed under cold running water, or 1 pound peeled cooked crayfish, The reserved grapefruit juice see method, 1 large egg yol, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, Small pinch of cayenne pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, preferably grapeseed or safflower oil, 2 12 tablespoons ketchup, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon Cognac or Armagnac, 2 tablespoons sliced blanched almonds, toasted, for serving], title: Crayfish Salad with French Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42956: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and salt it. Add pasta and cook 6 minutes  to a chewy al dente. Pasta will continue to cook in frittata. Drain and reserve.nHeat a large nonstick skillet with oven safe handle over medium high heat. If all of your skillets have rubber handles, cover handle tightly in foil to protect it. Add oil and butter and melt together. Add cream and reduce for about 3 minutes. Add cheese and nutmeg, salt and pepper. Toss sauce with cooked pasta to coat. Add parsley and beaten eggs to the skillet and stir gently to combine. Allow the eggs to set up on the bottom of the pan and become firm. Transfer pan to hot oven and bake 10 minutes, until golden. Serve from the pan or transfer to a platter. Serve hot or cold, cutting frittata into wedges and serve with Ham Steaks.nHeat a large skillet, with olive oil. Add the ham steaks and heat through, 1 to 2 minutes on each side., ingredients: [1 12 ounce box egg fettuccini pasta, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 to 12 teaspoon grated or ground nutmeg, eyeball it, Salt and black pepper, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 extra large eggs, beaten, Ham Steaks, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 large ham steaks, cut in halves], title: Egg Pasta Frittata, picturelink: u3pYM4dxtVBq3qoO8JaZsBWbWSsPtQS}, 42957: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in an icefilled mixing glass. Stir and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with frozen red grapes., ingredients: [1ounce Vya a California Vermoth, 2ounces Skyy Vodka], title: Vinters Martini  the California, picturelink: null}, 42958: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the salt and water in a pitcher and stir until the salt has dissolved.nRinse the cucumbers thoroughly and snip off the blossom end stem. Set aside.nPlace the peppercorns, pepper flakes, garlic, dill seed and fresh dill into a 1gallon crock. Add the cucumbers to the crock on top of the aromatics. Pour the brine mixture over the cucumbers in order to completely cover. Pour the remaining water into a 1gallon ziptop plastic bag and seal. Place the bag on top of the pickles making sure that all of them are completely submerged in the brine. Set in a cool, dry place.nCheck the crock after 3 days. Fermentation has begun if you see bubbles rising to the top of the crock. After this, check the crock daily and skim off any scum that forms. If scum forms on the plastic bag, rinse it off and return to the top of the crock.nThe fermentation is complete when the pickles taste sour and the bubbles have stopped rising this should take approximately 6 to 7 days. Once this happens, cover the crock loosely and place in the refrigerator for 3 days, skimming daily or as needed. Store for up to 2 months in the refrigerator, skimming as needed. If the pickles should become soft or begin to take on an off odor, this is a sign of spoilage and they should be discarded., ingredients: [5 12 ounces pickling salt, approximately 12 cup, 1 gallon filtered water, 3 pounds pickling cucumbers, 4 to 6inches long, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon dill seed, 1 large bunch dill], title: Dill Pickles, picturelink: NU53Xebbs7rHUvxtR24Pc.1hc9Teu}, 42959: {instructions: Prepare and heat a grill stocked with hickory. This is a slow cooking meat, so the temperature of the grill should be between 240 and 250 degrees F.nTrim the fat off of the meat, leaving 14inch of fat cover. Season the meat with salt and pepper and grill until an inserted instant read meat thermometer says 200 degrees F in the thickest part of the meat, 12 or more hours, checking the internal temperature every 30 minutes during the last 4 hours. If the brisket seems to dry out, when it reaches an internal temperature of 170 degrees, cook the meat for the remainder of time wrapped in foil.nWrap the meat in aluminum foil when done cooking and place in a cooler for 3 to 4 hours prior to slicing.nPrior to cuttingslicing, brush the meat with barbecue sauce over the outside surface serve the meat with more sauce., ingredients: [1 14 to 15 pound certified Angus brisket, held in the cryovac bag at 33 to 35 degrees F for 40 to 45 days, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Barbecue sauce, homemade or store bought], title: Barbecued Brisket, picturelink: null}, 42960: {instructions: Slice the pork loin into 1inch thick chops.nIn a medium pot, bring 4 cups water, lemon juice, honey and 12 teaspoon salt to a boil for 2 minutes.nRemove from heat, add 2 cups cold water. Pour the brine into a plastic container large enough for the chops. Add the chops, brine overnight.nPreheat oven to 350u00b0. Place pecans on a baking sheet and bake for 5 minutes or until golden brown.nFor the stuffing: In a large skillet over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the apple slices, brown sugar, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Sautu00e9 until tender. Remove from heat and allow to cool for 5 minutes. Add the chopped pecans and goat cheese.nRemove the chops from the brine.nSlit each chop horizontally to create a large hole for the stuffing.nSpoon the stuffing into the chops. Season each chop with salt and pepper to taste.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, sear each chop in extra virgin olive oil.nPlace chops on a baking pan and bake for 2030 minutes until internal temperature is 155160u00b0., ingredients: [23 pound Roseland Half Pork Loin, 6 cups water, divided, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 cup Berryhill Honey, 34 teaspoon Stonemill Iodized Salt, divided, plus additional to taste, 1 cup Southern Grove Chopped Pecans, 2 tablespoons Countryside Creamery Unsalted Butter, 4 Granny Smith apples, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons Bakers Corner Brown Sugar, 14 teaspoon Stonemill Ground Black Pepper, plus additional to taste, 6 ounces Happy Farms Preferred Goat Cheese Log, crumbled, 3 tablespoons Carlini Extra Virgin Olive Oil], title: Apple, Goat Cheese  PecanStuffed Pork Chops, picturelink: jDJZEMoMX6S5TNVwnZbb4hkGnQlzcq}, 42961: {instructions: Place water in large lidded pot, add salt and bring to a rolling boil. Add spaghetti, fanning it into the water so that each strand makes contact. Using a wooden spoon or tongs, gently bend noodles to submerge. Cover pot and return to a rolling boil, reducing heat to mediumhigh. Stir occasionally.nPour 3 tablespoons of good quality extra virgin olive oil into the bottom of a wide serving bowl along with garlic.nIn 4 minutes, start tasting. When done, a string of spaghetti should be springy when pulled on. To the tooth, there should be some resistance but not so much that the pasta sticks in the teeth. As soon as pasta is done, drain immediately in a large colander lidded models are the best. Shake pasta to stop cooking but dont shake dry. And no rinsingnAdd pasta to serving bowl and toss to coat. Quickly divide into individual bowls and toss, ingredients: [3 quarts water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 16 ounces dried spaghetti noodles, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 cloves of garlic, minced fine, Capers, Sun dried tomatoes, Red pepper, Olives, Walnuts, Hard cheeses like Asiago and Parmesan, Soft or veined cheeses like gorgonzola or chevre, Canned Artichokes, Smoked oysters, Black pepper], title: Pasta, picturelink: null}, 42962: {instructions: Slice the onion very thinly. Melt the butter in a frying pan, add the onions, season with salt and pepper and cook gently, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 15 minutes. Add the vinegar and reduce until the liquid evaporates, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat.nSprinkle the pork chops with salt, pepper and sugar. Fry until golden and cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. If they are lacking in fat, you may need to add a little oil or butter, or both, to the pan to fry them. Serve with a spoonful of red onion confit on top., ingredients: [1 red onion, 1 to 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper, A splash of balsamic or red wine vinegar, 2 pork chops, with lots of nice fat, Pinch sugar], title: Pork Chops with Red Onion Confit, picturelink: null}, 42963: {instructions: Special equipment: a resealable plastic zipper bagnMix the apple jelly and 2 tablespoons water in a resealable plastic zipper bag until combined. Pour in the fruit, seal and toss with your hands. Add the mint leaves and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons apple jelly, 1 cup mixed fruit, such as pineapple chunks, melon chunks, grapes, blueberries, Fresh mint leaves, for serving], title: Zipper Bag Fruit Salad, picturelink: YjspT11MHuC2Ps9q4xh9mRht31.QsYK}, 42964: {instructions: Place flaked tuna in a medium bowl. Add veggies and mix well. Add mayo, honey mustard, relish, salt, and black pepper. Mix thoroughly. Season with more salt and black pepper, to taste, if you like. Mmmmmm, ingredients: [1 12ounce can or pouch albacore tuna packed in water, drained and flaked, 1 cup finely chopped red and yellow bell peppers, 12 cup finely chopped carrots, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 23 cup fatfree mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon honey mustard, 2 teaspoons sweet relish, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, Cut bell peppers for scooping, Lettuce leaf cups], title: VeggieLoaded Tangy Tuna Salad, picturelink: y5Znbi6aUgDqmWjPr36spnh0YJW1PCu}, 42965: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to medium heat.nCut the tomatoes and core them, removing all the seeds and juice.nIn a medium bowl add the onions, basil, and goat cheese. Mix and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add cooked orzo and combine. Stuff the tomatoes with the mixture. Drizzle olive oil over the tomatoes. Top the tomatoes with the Parmesan.nPlace the tomatoes directly on the grill with the cover closed and cook for 10 minutes. The juices will begin to run. Remove from grill and place on platter., ingredients: [6 large tomatoes, 2 tablespoons chopped green onions, 2 tablespoons chopped basil leaves, 6 ounces goat cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups cooked orzo, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Grilled Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: 3lteipYvbmd8fUdtvpBc8GLwqXiUC}, 42966: {instructions: For the tabbouleh: Place the bulghur wheat in a bowl and cover with water. Stir in the salt and soak for 40 minutes, or until the a bulghur is softened but still a bit crunchy. When ready, drain the water from the bulghur wheat, squeezing out as much moisture as possible with your hands.nPlace the bulghur wheat in a large bowl and add the tomatoes, the parsley, the bacon and the cumin. Mix well. Add the lemon juice, the olive oil and the harissa. Mix well and taste for seasoning. Cover. Reserve in the refrigerator until ready to serve. Just before serving, moisten with a bit of olive oil.nFor the taratour sauce: Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Beat in 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons cold water in a stream.nWine: 1986 Domaines Ott Bandol Rose, ingredients: [1 cup bulghur wheat, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups chopped tomatoes about 2 large tomatoes, 4 cups finely chopped parsley, 16 slices wellcooked bacon, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 6 tablespoons lemon juice, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup minced scallions, Few drops of harissa a spicy sauce you may substitute Tabasco, 1 cup tahini, 12 cup lemon juice, 3 garlic cloves, crushed with 1 teaspoon salt], title: Spicy Tabbouleh with Cumin and Bacon Taratour Sauce, picturelink: null}, 42967: {instructions: Dress the melon quarters with lime zest, lime juice and mint. Fill each boat with a small scoop of lemon sorbet and serve., ingredients: [1 honeydew melon, quartered and seeded, 1 lime, A handful mint leaves, chopped, 1 pint lemon sorbet], title: Green Melon with Lime and Lemon Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 42968: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large plastic resealable bag, add the soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic, and grated ginger and mix until the sugar is dissolved. Put the chicken thighs into the bag with the marinade. Seal and refrigerate at least 2 hours or as long as overnight.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over medium heat.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and set aside. Put the marinade in a pot over medium heat and reduce by half. Oil the grill grates with canola oil, arrange the chicken on the grill, skinside down and cook for 8 minutes per side. Brush the chicken liberally with the reduced marinade before turning. Reserve 1 piece of chicken for the Round 2 Recipe. Chicken Pot Stickers.nIn a medium pot combine the rice, sliced ginger, salt and 3 12 cups of water. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat to low and cover. Let cook until the rice has absorbed all the water and is fluffy, about 15 to 20 minutes.nWhile the chicken is cooking, put the scallions on the grill, reserve 1 uncooked scallion for Round 2 Recipe Chicken Pot Stickers. Cook until wilted, about 2 minutes per side. Reserve 2 grilled scallions for Round 2 Recipe Chicken Pot StickersnTransfer the rice to a serving platter, discarding the sliced ginger. Top with the cooked chicken, garnish with grilled scallions and serve., ingredients: [12 cup reduced sodium soy sauce, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 1inch piece peeled, fresh ginger, divided use, 12 grated the other half thinly sliced, 2 pounds skinon boneless chicken thighs, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 cups conventional white rice, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 12 cups water, 2 bunches scallions, ends removed], title: Chicken Teriyaki with Ginger Rice, picturelink: upuQInCu7gghnefer1oyShBRmh3o5qu}, 42969: {instructions: For the mousse filling, melt the chocolate to 104 to 113 degrees F.nIn another bowl combine sugar, yolks, and 6 tablespoons cream, and whisk well over simmering water to cooking to thicken, making a sabayon. Whisk half the whipped cream into the chocolate, then fold in the sabayon. Add remaining whipped cream and fold in, then chill, until ready to use.nFor the crepe batter, whisk the eggs well then add the milk and whisk. Whisk in remaining ingredients. Let sit 20 minutes then strain.nFor the bisque, put all the ingredients in a pot except the extract and bring to a boil. Turn off the heat and whisk well to incorporate the chocolate then add the extract. Chill over night if making ahead of time. When ready to serve, warm the bisque through.nLadle small amounts 1 to 2 ounces of crepe batter into buttered crepe pan and cook on both sides. Repeat until all the batter is used.nLet the crepes cool before filling. To fill, place a quenelle of chocolate mousse in each crepe and fold it over to enclose the mousse. Serve 2 filled crepes per person. Spoon some chocolate mint bisque over and around the crepes. Sprinkle with raspberries and white chocolate shavings., ingredients: [6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 3 heaping tablespoons sugar, 4 yolks, 6 tablespoons cream, plus 1 12 cups cream, whipped, 4 eggs, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 teaspoons sugar, 34 cup flour, 14 cup cocoa powder, 1 12 cups cream, 2 ounces butter, 14 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 14 vanilla bean, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 drops mint extract, 1 pint raspberries, White chocolate shavings about 1 cup], title: Chocolate Mousse Crepes, picturelink: null}, 42970: {instructions: Place all the ingredients except toppings in a jar or other container with a tightly fitting lid and give them a good stir. Cover and refrigerate overnight or at least 5 hours. In the morning, add additional liquid if youd like. Once you achieve the desired consistency, add the toppings., ingredients: [13 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 13 cup plain coconut yogurt, 13 cup almond milk, 1 teaspoon chia seeds, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon pure maple syrup, Toppings: 12 chopped apple, chopped walnuts, pure maple syrup], title: Apple Pie Overnight Oats, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 42971: {instructions: Heat the 3 tablespoons of oil in a large saucepan, and saute the garlic and shallots over a gentle heat until translucent. If you have any trimmings of meat, you would add them at this time. Deglaze the pan with the wine, and add the beef stock and the thyme and rosemary. Allow this mixture to reduce. It could take 20 to 30 minutes sometimes longer at a rolling boil, uncovered. You want the liquid to evaporate to about 13 of what you started with in order to intensify the flavor. Once you have reduced the liquid to the required volume, remove from the heat, strain through a chinois a conical strainer or some cheesecloth so you can remove all the vegetables and herbs, return the sauce to the pan and stir in the butter to finish the sauce.nFor the potatoes:nBoil the potatoes with the bay leaves until the potatoes are tender. While the potatoes are cooking, saute lobster meat in oil and butter until it is no longer translucent, and set aside. Drain the potatoes well and discard the bay leaves, then mash the potatoes. Using a beater, add in 1 stick of butter and salt and white pepper. Fold the lobster meat into the potatoes and set aside in a warm place.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason beef with salt and pepper. In a heavy bottomed, ovensafe saute pan, add just enough oil to cover the bottom of the pan and heat on medium high heat on the stovetop. When the saute pan is hot, cook each side of the filets for approximately 2 to 3 minutes, leaving undisturbed for the first 2 minutes or so. Turn the filets and continue the searing process on the other side of the filets for another 2 to 3 minutes. Place the pan of steaks into the preheated oven. Allow the filets to cook a further 6 to 8 minutes in the oven depending on the thickness of the steaks and the heat of your oven.nWhile the steaks are in the oven finish the potatoes by crumbling the Boursin cheese into the lobster mashed potatoes which you have been keeping warm and gently stirring it in to allow cheese to melt.nRemove the pan of steaks from oven and allow them to rest. Remember to use an oven mitt the handle of the pan will be hotnIf necessary, briefly reheat the Merlot sauce, then remove the pot from the heat and whisk in the whole stick of butter.nPlate a portion of mashed potatoes in the center of serving plate. Top with the filet mignon, spoon the Merlot sauce over and around and garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon 1 to 2 cloves chopped fresh garlic, 2 finely diced shallots, or 1 white onion finely diced, Any meat trimmings you may have from the beef see beef ingredient below, 12 750ml bottle Merlot wine, 12 pint 1 cup strong beef stock or demiglace, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped rosemary leaves, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, 4 medium to large potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, 2 bay leaves, 1 pound lobster meat, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter to saute lobster plus 12 cup butter 1 stick, for the potatoes, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 3 ounces soft herbed cheese recommended: Boursin, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 6 4ounce beef tenderloins filet mignon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 cup grapeseed oil], title: Filet Mignon over Lobster Boursin Mashed Potatoes with a Merlot Reduction, picturelink: sxuoormBIDANFg4RikffiHTnz3pgBy}, 42972: {instructions: In a heavy 3 to 4quart saucepan melt the butter over moderate heat. When the foam begins to subside, stir in 34 cup of the flour and mix well. Add the milk in a stream whisking constantly. Cook over high heat until the sauce comes to a boil and thickens. Simmer for another 10 minutes on low heat, whisking often.nTake the pan off the heat and beat in the egg yolks, one at a time, using a wooden spoon. Season with the salt and pepper. Add the grated cheese and mix well. Pour into a greased baking dish 8 by 6inches and spread into a 12inch thick layer. Use a spatula to smooth the top. Allow to cool to room temperature, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 8 hours, or overnight, until firm.nUsing a pastry wheel or a sharp knife, cut the mixture into 2inch squares and transfer them to a sheet of waxed paper. Dredge each square into the remaining flour and coat completely. Shake off excess flour and dip into the egg wash, followed by the bread crumbs. Pat the square gently with a spatula to help the crumbs adhere. Repeat with all the squares and place them on a baking sheet. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour, until the coating is firm.nIn a deep fryer or heavy saucepan, heat 2 to 3inches of oil until it reaches 375 degrees. Preheat the oven to its lowest temperature. Line a baking dish with paper towels and set in the middle of the oven.nDeepfry the squares 3 or 4 at a time, turning them with a slotted spoon for about 5 minutes, until golden brown on both sides. As they brown, transfer them to a baking dish in the oven to keep them warm while you deepfry the rest. Serve at once as a first course or an accompaniment to the drinks., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups milk, 3 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon white pepper, 1 cup freshly grated imported Swiss Gruyere cheese about 14 pound, 1 cup freshly grated imported Swiss Emmentaler cheese about 14 pound, 2 eggs beaten together with 13 cup milk, 1 cup dried bread crumbs, Vegetable oil for deep frying], title: DeepFried Cheese Squares, picturelink: null}, 42973: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nInto a large saucepan, mix together milk, rice, sugar, vanilla bean and seeds, allspice and salt over mediumhigh heat. Let simmer for 45 minutes, stirring frequently and being careful not to scorch the milk. Once rice is tender and pudding has thickened turn off heat and remove the vanilla bean.nIn a heavy skillet, melt butter and add brown sugar over low heat. Stir to melt the sugar. Add sliced bananas and continue to saute until they are soft and covered with the sugar and butter mixture.nSpoon pudding to serving bowls and top with the warm banana topping., ingredients: [5 cups whole milk, 1 cup Arborio rice, 12 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 ripe but firm medium bananas, sliced], title: Mama Callies Rice Pudding, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 42974: {instructions: Special equipment: a piping bag or a resealable plastic bagnLine a 9inch square pan with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on two sides. Lightly coat the foil and a wooden spoon with cooking spray.nFor the cheesecake squares: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the marshmallows, honey, 12 teaspoon vanilla and a pinch of salt, and stir with the wooden spoon until the marshmallows have completely melted, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the rice cereal, and stir until the mixture is fully combined. Transfer the mixture to the prepared pan, and press into an even layer while warm. Let sit at room temperature until firm, about 20 minutes.nCombine the gelatin with 2 tablespoons water in a small microwavesafe bowl, and set aside to soften, about 5 minutes. Beat the cream cheese on mediumhigh speed with an electric mixer until completely smooth, about 1 minute. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the the sour cream, sugar, lemon juice, remaining 12 teaspoon vanilla and a pinch of salt, and beat on mediumhigh speed until smooth, about 1 minute.nMicrowave the gelatin in 10second increments, stirring as needed, until it dissolves, 30 to 50 seconds. Pour the gelatin into the cream cheese mixture, and beat on mediumhigh speed until incorporated, about 30 seconds.nPour the cream cheese mixture over the cooled crispy treat layer, and spread out evenly with an offset spatula or butter knife. Wrap the pan loosely with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until the cheesecake layer is set, about 2 hours or up to overnight.nFor the frosting: Whisk together the butter and cream cheese by hand in a medium bowl. Add the sugar and vanilla and whisk until smooth and creamy.nCut the cheesecake bites into twentyfive 1 34inch squares. Transfer the frosting to a piping bag or resealable plastic bag. Cut a 14inch hole in the corner of the piping bag. Pipe a circle of frosting on the top of each square, about the diameter of the base of a strawberry. Place a strawberry cut sidedown on top of each frosting circle, pushing down gently so that the frosting comes up around the bottom of the strawberry and resembles the base of a Santa hat. Pipe a ball of frosting on the tip of each strawberry for a pompom., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 ounces mini marshmallows about 1 cup tightly packed, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 4 cups crispy rice cereal, One 14ounce package unflavored powdered gelatin, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 25 medium strawberries, hulled, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Santa Hat CrispyTreat Cheesecake Squares, picturelink: EQJRba73507syEtbqS4iYDUdGuJBMn2}, 42975: {instructions: For the ice cream: In a large pan on medium heat, add the butter, brown sugar, pumpkin pie spice, apples, pears and a tiny pinch of salt. Cook while stirring until the fruit is tender, but still has a bit of a bite, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove to a plate or bowl and place in the freezer or refrigerator until cold.nIn a large bowl, add the softened ice cream and chilled fruit and stir until combined. Place in an airtight container and return to the freezer until firm, 1 to 2 hours. Place a parchmentlined baking sheet in the freezer to chill as well.nFor the coating and frying: In a bowl, add the cereal, pecans and a pinch of salt and stir to combine. In another bowl, add the eggs and 2 tablespoons water and whisk. Refrigerate the egg wash until needed, returning it to the refrigerator when not in use.nRemove the ice cream from the freezer. Using an ice cream scoop, make 1 ball of ice cream if you use your hands to make it perfect, do it fast and quickly roll it in the cereal coating. Place it on the baking sheet in the freezer and repeat for the remaining balls. Freeze until firm, about 1 hour.nRemove the egg wash from the fridge and, one by one, dunk and coat each ball in it. Then roll again in the cereal coating, returning each ball to the freezer immediately after rolling in the cereal coating. Freeze this time about 30 minutes.nRepeat the egg wash and cereal coating again, freezing the final time a full 2 hours or overnight. Perfect to prep the day beforenFill a heavy pot or deep fryer about halfway with oil and bring to 375 degrees F. Drop a few ice cream balls in directly from the freezer and cook golden brown, about 1 minute. Timing depends on the batch and ball size, so watch the pot Roll on a papertowellined plate to quickly remove any excess oil. Serve immediately after frying., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 1 12 quarts vanilla ice cream, softened, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and chopped, 2 pears, peeled, cored and chopped, Kosher salt, 2 cups flaked corn cereal, crushed, 1 cup finely chopped pecans, 6 eggs, Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying], title: Sunnys Fried Apple and Pear Ice Cream, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 42976: {instructions: Boil the pasta in salted water. When done remove, drain and refresh under cold water to stop the cooking process. While pasta is cooking, make a dressing by whisking together the olive oil and vinegar and season well, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add the bell pepper and pimento and toss with the elbows. Set elbows in a wreath over washed Boston lettuce.nAlso make a dressing with the mayonnaise and Dijon mustard and combine with cooked turkey. Center this in middle of elbow macaroni wreath and garnish with chopped hard boiled egg and scallions., ingredients: [1 12 cups elbow macaroni, or small shells 3 cups cooked, 23 cup olive oil, 14 white wine vinegar, 14 cup finely diced green bell pepper, 14 cup finely diced pimento, Boston lettuce leaves, washed, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 cups cooked turkey, cut into 34inch dice, 2 hard boiled eggs, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons finely sliced scallion], title: Turkey Mayonnaise with Pasta Salad, picturelink: null}, 42977: {instructions: In a medium bowl combine cream cheese, dill, capers, lemon juice, lemon zest, and pepper. Stir until well combined. This can be made up to 3 days ahead and kept refrigerated in an airtight container., ingredients: [1 pound cream cheese, room temperature, 14 cup coarsely chopped dill, 1 tablespoon capers, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, or to taste, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground pepper], title: Dill Cream Cheese, picturelink: null}, 42978: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Whisk the eggs, milk and cayenne together in a bowl add 1 teaspoon Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper to taste. Fold in the cheese and dill.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in an ovenproof 6 or 8inch nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat, swirling to coat the pan. Add the cauliflower, 14 teaspoon Kosher salt and pepper to taste cook until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Pour the egg mixture into the skillet and stir gently with a rubber spatula to distribute the filling. Cook until the bottom is just set but not brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the frittata is almost set on top, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven, cover and set aside for 5 minutes to finish cooking.nSeason the greens with salt and pepper and toss with the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and the vinegar. Slide the frittata onto a cutting board and slice into wedges. Sprinkle generously with more dill serve warm or at room temperature with the salad.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [10 large eggs, 14 cup milk, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, plus more for garnish, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 head cauliflower, thinly sliced about 5 cups, 6 cups mixed salad greens about 5 ounces, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar], title: FetaandCauliflower Frittata, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 42979: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone liner and another baking sheet with a wire rack. For the eggplant: In a bowl, toss the tomatoes with the balsamic vinegar, olive oil, brown sugar and some salt. Evenly place the tomatoes on the lined baking sheet. Place in the oven and roast until slightly caramelized and dried out a bit, 20 to 30 minutes. Set aside. Set the eggplant slices on the wire rack if you dont have a rack you can use a colander set in the sink. Sprinkle salt on each side of the eggplant and let the salt do the work for 15 to 30 minutes. Once the salt has released moisture from the eggplant, pat the slices dry with paper towels. Then sprinkle each side of the eggplant with pepper. Set up a standard breading station with the flour in one shallow dish, the eggs in another and the panko mixed with the Parmesan in a third dish. Dredge each eggplant slice in the flour, shake off any excess, dip in the egg, let any excess drip off and then coat in the panko. Set aside on the wire rack and repeat. In a large castiron skillet, heat 1inch vegetable oil to 350 degrees F. Working in small batches, fry the eggplant slices, turning once, until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes a side. Using a pair of tongs, transfer back to the wire rack. Repeat with the remaining eggplant. Make sure to season the eggplant as it comes out of the oil. For the sandwich build: Butter and griddle both sides of the buns until golden and crispy you can toast the buns as well. Tear the burrata over the bottom buns, then add 2 hot eggplant slices, some roasted tomatoes, a few pickled cherry peppers and some fresh basil leaves on each bun. Serve to applause., ingredients: [Two 28ounce cans whole tomatoes, drained of their liquid, 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, Salt, 1 large eggplant, peeled and sliced into 12inch rounds youll need at least 8 rounds, Freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, for dredging, 4 large eggs, beaten, 3 cups panko breadcrumbs, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons salted butter, softened, 4 soft brioche buns, 1 pound burrata cheese, 12 cup pickled cherry peppers, sliced 14inch thick, 16 leaves fresh basil], title: Deconstructed Eggplant Parmesan Sandwich, picturelink: b80LULFN8dwAaCRHTs3j0abPBv868hK}, 42980: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Be sure your oven is very clean. Line a sheet pan with aluminum foil.nFor the Caesar sauce, place the garlic, parsley, anchovy paste, and mustard in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and pulse until the garlic is minced. Add the mayonnaise, lemon zest, lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper and pulse to make a smooth sauce.nPlace the fish on the pan and sprinkle both sides generously with salt and pepper. Set aside one third of the sauce to serve with the cooked fish. Spread the fish on one side with half the remaining sauce, turn the fish, and spread the remaining sauce on the second side. Sprinkle with the scallions and allow to stand for 10 minutes.nRoast the fish for 10 to 12 minutes, until the center is just barely cooked. Cover the fish with aluminum foil and allow to rest on the pan for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a small saute pan until very hot, add the capers, and cook for 30 to 60 seconds, until they start to pop and are a little crisp. Serve the fish hot with the lemon wedges, frizzled capers, and the reserved Caesar sauce., ingredients: [2 large garlic cloves, chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon anchovy paste, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 cup good mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds striped bass steaks, 34 to 1 inch thick, cut into 6 portions, 12 cup chopped scallions, white and green parts 4 scallions, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 3 tablespoons drained capers, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: CaesarRoasted Fish, picturelink: XjC7ug7zdszXvPVSm.nLe7pS7vucCO}, 42981: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the coconut oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, red pepper and garlic and saute until soft, about 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, add 23 of the blackeyed peas and mash all the ingredients together with a potato masher. Remove from the heat and cool slightly.nAdd the flour, egg, green onion, oregano, lemon zest, cayenne, and 14 to 12 cup breadcrumbs to the pea mixture. Fold in the cheese and remaining blackeyed peas. Season with salt and pepper.nPlace the remaining breadcrumbs in a shallow bowl. Divide the batter into 12 portions using a 1 12ounce portion scoop. Press into flat 12inchthick discs and coat in the remaining breadcrumbs.nWipe out the skillet. Heat the remaining oil and, in batches, sear the fritters until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Place on a baking sheet and finish cooking in the oven until cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes.nTop with the onion jam and garnish with the green onions.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, lemon zest, ginger, and 12 teaspoon salt and cook until the onions start to turn translucent, about 5 minutesnAdd the coriander, 14 cup of the brown sugar and half the lemon juice and turn the heat to low. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions start to cook down and the liquid is evaporated, about 15 minutes. Add 13 cup water every 10 minutes and continue to cook until the onions are thick and golden brown, about 55 minutes. Stir in the remaining 14 cup brown sugar and the lemon juice and cook until the brown sugar melts, 3 to 5 minutes more. Season to taste., ingredients: [1 medium Vidalia onion, small dice about 1 12 cups, 12 red bell pepper, small dice about 12 cup, 1 clove garlic, minced, Two 15.5ounce cans blackeyed peas, rinsed and drained, 1 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, 1 large green onion, green part chopped, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup fresh breadcrumbs, 13 cup coconut oil, 34 cup shredded firm aged sheep or goat cheese, such as Singing Brook from Blackberry Farm, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Onion Jam, recipe follows, for serving, 1 12 teaspoons unsalted butter, 2 Vidalia onions, julienned if not in season, any sweet onion will do, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 14 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, Kosher salt, 12 cup firmlypacked brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, Freshly ground black pepper], title: BlackEyed Pea Fritters, picturelink: .oxjUftd.bOorJyZq6UP6JVguIiZQAO}, 42982: {instructions: Heat a terra cotta pot or a similar oval pan. Add olive oil and toss in sliced garlic. Bring to a bare simmer and keep on the lowest heat possible so the garlic toasts to a golden brown about 15 minutes. Season shrimp with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add to the pot and remove from heat. Allow to cook until pink and tender. Finish by squeezing juice of whole lemon over shrimp and sprinkling with chopped parsley. Use a slotted spoon to fish out prawns and serve on a platter topped with toasted golden garlic shavings and parsley., ingredients: [1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 10 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 12 pounds peeled and deveined shrimp, tail off, split down middle, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, 14 bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves chopped], title: Shrimp with Toasted Garlic: Camerones De Ajo, picturelink: y7DX2N2X6MdkcsIXkM3FNwUnCNC3bj6}, 42983: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 metal skewersnHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nFor the kabobs: Thread 1 piece of red pepper, 1 piece of pineapple and 1 piece of red onion on a metal skewer. Repeat the process until you reach the end of the skewer. Continue with the remaining fruit, vegetables and skewers.nDrizzle the grill pan with olive oil and grill the kabobs until all sides have char marks, 3 minutes on each side, 12 minutes total.nFor the honeylime vinaigrette: Add the olive oil, honey, cumin, lime juice and cilantro to a small bowl and mix until combined. Drizzle the vinaigrette over the grilled kabobs., ingredients: [2 large red bell peppers, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 large pineapple, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 large red onion, cut into 2inch pieces, Olive oil, for drizzling, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon cumin, Juice of 1 lime, 12 bunch fresh cilantro chopped], title: Grilled Fruit and Vegetable Kabobs, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 42984: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, whisk the butter together with the egg until evenly blended. In a double boiler over gently simmering water, combine the chocolate and the coffee and melt, stirring occasionally.nIn a large mixing bowl, place about 2 12 cups of the confectioners sugar. Add the butter and egg mixture, the melted chocolate mixture, cream and vanilla. Stir well and, if necessary, add more sugar to make the mixture into a paste stiff enough to handle. Roll the paste quickly into little balls, using about 2 heaping teaspoons for each one. Roll the balls in the chocolate threads. Chill until firm, on a tray lined with parchment paper in the refrigerator. If desired, layer the balls with parchment in an airtight cookie tin and store in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, well softened, 1 large egg, well beaten, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, broken into 6 pieces, 1 tablespoon strong coffee, About 1 pound confectioners sugar, sifted, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 cup chocolate threads or grated chocolate], title: Bitter Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: null}, 42985: {instructions: Put the shallots in a bowl and cover with cold water. Soak for about 10 minutes drain.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and salt it generously. Fill a medium bowl with ice water and salt it as well. Add the broccolini to the boiling water and cook until crisptender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the radish slices, and cook 30 seconds, more. Use a slotted spoon or strainer to scoop out the vegetables and plunge them immediately into the ice water. Drain the vegetables, pat them very dry.nAdd the pasta to the same pot of boiling water, and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 8 to 9 minutes. Drain and set aside.nWhisk the sherry vinegar, orange zest, the 34 teaspoon salt and pepper, to taste, in a large serving bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a dressing.nToss the rigatoni, broccolini, radish and shallot with the dressing. Add the feta cheese and toss lightly. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [1 medium shallot, thinly sliced, 1 bunch broccolini about 10 ounces, stems cut into 2inch stems, and florets, 1 medium bunch radishes, trimmed and very thinly sliced, 12 ounces wholewheat rigatoni, 1 tablespoon sherry wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 7 ounces feta cheese, crumbled], title: WholeWheat Pasta with Broccolini and Feta, picturelink: XJvFShhF5zH3ZN.H0k8xPagYOgcPW}, 42986: {instructions: Heat 2 34 cups of the milk in a large saucepan over medium until hot but not boiling. Whisk the granulated sugar, cornstarch and salt in a large bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks and the remaining 14 cup milk. Whisk half of the hot milk into the egg mixture until smooth, and then gradually whisk the egg mixture into the heated milk. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils and thickens, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the peanut butter until melted. Transfer to a bowl. Press plastic wrap directly onto the surface and chill until set, at least 4 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F with a rack set on the middle shelf. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPlace the bacon on a cooling rack set over a baking sheet. Brush both sides of the bacon with the maple syrup. Bake until golden brown and slightly crispy, rotating the baking sheet halfway through, 20 to 25 minutes. Place on the lined baking sheet and cool completely. The bacon will continue to crisp as it cools. Break each piece of cooled bacon in half.nWhip the heavy cream and confectioners sugar in a large mixing bowl with a hand mixer to soft to medium peaks. Refrigerate until ready to use.nTo assemble, loosen the chilled pudding by whisking it until smooth and creamy. Spoon 14 cup of the pudding into the bottom of a 10 to 12ounce glass. Layer in this order: 14 cup crushed waffle cookies, half of a sliced banana, 14 cup whipped cream, 14 cup pudding and a light sprinkle of additional crushed waffle cookies. Top each parfait with a dollop of the remaining whipped cream and 2 bacon halves., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 13 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large egg yolks, beaten, 34 cup smooth peanut butter, 6 slices bacon, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 15 butter waffle cookies, such as Jules Destrooper, lightly crushed about 2 cups, 3 small bananas, sliced into rounds about 18inch thick], title: ElvisInspired Peanut Butter Brunch Parfait, picturelink: JVct5roFn2vH7heRifQSCH2iJ0QuxjO}, 42987: {instructions: Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat.nIn a bowl, stir to combine beans, mustard, mesquite sauce and bacon pieces.nPour bean mixture into 8inch cast iron skillet. Cover beans with bacon slices. Cook on covered grill for 30 minutes.nINDOOR: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare beans as directed and pour into a 2quart oven proof casserole. Bake in oven 35 to 40 minutes or until beans have thickened and are bubbling., ingredients: [1 28ounce can baked beans recommended: Bushs, 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard recommended: Guldens, 14 cup mesquite grilling sauce recommended: McCormicks Grill Mates, 14 cup real bacon pieces recommended: Hormel, 5 slices center cut bacon recommended: Oscar Mayer], title: Mesquite BBQ Beans, picturelink: fUdduDvJ9yddrsxyku9E7BRBbBHWrm}, 42988: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients in a pitcher, cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or up to 48 hours before serving. Serve over ice., ingredients: [1 bottle fruity red wine, 2 cups pomegranate juice, 12 cup brandy, 12 cup Triple Sec, 14 cup simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water, heated until sugar dissolves, cooled, 14 cup pomegranate seeds, 1 large orange, halved and thinly sliced, 1 green apple, cored, halved and thinly sliced, 1 cup red grapes, sliced in 12], title: Pomegranate Sangria, picturelink: QltyRNfvILvIGUxB9II6XfEznrHJWrO}, 42989: {instructions: Special equipment: 12inchlong bamboo skewers, starshaped cookie cutternPlace the watermelon slices on your cutting board and use a starshaped cookie cutter to cut out stars from all the slices.nSkewer the fruit by sliding the watermelon stars about halfway up the skewers. Follow with the strawberries, grapes and kiwis. Place the large rectangle piece of honeydew on the bottom as a base. Place standing up on a platter, giving the skewer a little wiggle to get it to stand up straight. Serve with Sweet White Cloud Dip.nAdd the milk to a medium saucepan over medium heat and whisk until the mixture is steaming.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar until pale yellow and the sugar is dissolved. Slowly add a few ladles of the hot milk into the egg mixture while whisking. Slowly return the tempered mixture to the saucepan while whisking constantly.nHeat the custard over low heat, stirring constantly, until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 4 to 6 minutes. Stir in the butter and vanilla., ingredients: [One 3pound small seedless watermelon, cut into 34inchthick slices, 1 pint strawberries, sliced in half crosswise, 1 bunch seedless red grapes, removed from stems, 4 kiwis, peeled, sliced 34inch thick, 1 honeydew melon, seeds scooped out, peeled, cut into 2inch rectangle shapes, Sweet White Cloud Dip, recipe follows, 1 12 cups whole milk, 5 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Fruit Skewers with Custard, picturelink: 8fbA5OMk.s7nW6Iq6.66qNHXslnVu}, 42990: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine apples, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, and cinnamon in a large bowl toss to combine. Set aside.nCombine the remaining 3 12 cups flour and 12 cup superfine sugar in a large mixing bowl. Add butter and quickly work the butter into the flour mixture using your fingertips or a pastry blender until it resembles coarse meal. Combine egg yolk and 4 teaspoons cold water mix to combine. Divide the dough in half.nWorking quickly, press 12 of the dough into and up over the edge of a 9inch glass pie plate. Fill with the apple mixture, mounding in the center.nRoll remaining dough between 2 large pieces of plastic wrap into a 14inch circle. Remove top piece of plastic wrap, and invert onto apples. Remove remaining plastic. Trim edges and decoratively crimp using your fingers. Brush lightly with 1 tablespoon water and egg mnixture, and sprinkle with the remaining 2 teaspoons sugar. With a sharp knife, cut slits into pastry. Transfer to oven and bake until golden brown, about 1 hour., ingredients: [2 to 3 pounds of King Luscious apples or of your favorite baking variety, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced, 3 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup superfine granulated sugar, 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces, 1 large egg yolk, 4 tablespoons cold water, plus 1 tablespoon], title: Breezy Hill Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 42991: {instructions: Season the crabs with salt and pepper, and sprinkle both sides with the chili powder. Preheat a pan with the oil until nearly smoking. Add the crabs, bellyside down. Cook for 5 minutes before turning. Lower the heat and cook for another 5 minutes on the second side. Remove from the pan and pat dry with paper towels to remove any excess oil.nBuild your sandwich with lettuce, tomato, sprouts, and avocado, topped off with the crab and chili mayonnaise., ingredients: [4 medium softshell crabs, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 soft buns, such as brioche, croissant, or other goodquality soft dinner bun, 1 sliced tomato, 12 cup alfalfa sprouts, 2 avocados, peeled, pitted and cut into 14inch slices, Several leaves of redleaf lettuce, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons pureed ancho chili peppers, rehydrated], title: SoftShell Crab Club Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 42992: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 3 to 4ounce ice pop moldsnCombine the peach, almond milk, lemon juice, honey, oats, preserves and a pinch of salt in a blender and puree until smooth.nDivide the mixture evenly among four 3 to 4ounce ice pop molds. Freeze until solid, at least 8 hours and preferably overnight. Let sit at room temperature for a few minutes before unmolding.nThe pops will keep in the freezer for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 large ripe peach, coarsely chopped about 1 14 cups, 12 cup unsweetened almond milk refrigerated, not shelf stable, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 tablespoon peach preserves, Kosher salt], title: PeachOat Breakfast Ice Pops, picturelink: Ml8FRHseHjEqI0osDnEfGGBpyYSt1Cu}, 42993: {instructions: Over high heat, bring chicken broth and water, mustard, and garlic to a simmer. As this is coming to a boil, derib and wash the spinach, then tear the leaves into 2inch pieces. Lightly toast 4 slices of French or Italian bread. When toasted, spread with sundried tomato, pesto or green olive paste.nWhen the soup is at a simmer, add the chicken and simmer, uncovered for 2 minutes just to warm through. Then add the spinach leaves, and cook for a few seconds or until the leaves just wilt. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nSet 2 slices of toasted bread in the bottom of each soup bowl. Remove the soup from the heat, season to taste with salt and pepper and ladle it over the bread., ingredients: [2 cups chicken broth, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove minced garlic, 8 to 10 ounces fresh spinach, 4 sliced country French or Tuscan bread, 2 tablespoons of either green olive paste, pesto or sundried tomato puree, 2 cups bitesized chunks of skinned cooked roasted chicken, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spinach Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}, 42994: {instructions: Stir together cactus pear syrup, orange and lime juice in the bottom of a glass. Add a few ice cubes and fill to the top with club soda., ingredients: [12ounce cactus pear syrup, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Ice, Lime club soda], title: Cactus Pear Fizz, picturelink: null}, 42995: {instructions: Place edamame in a microwaveable bowl and add 1 tablespoon water. Loosely cover the bowl and microwave twothree minutes, stirring once midway through cooking, until the edamame are thawed and tender. Drain, place on small appetizer plates and sprinkle with kosher salt., ingredients: [10 oz. bag frozen in the pod edamame, kosher salt to taste], title: Edamame with Kosher Salt, picturelink: null}, 42996: {instructions: Special equipment: a flour sifter or finemesh sieve a 12cup Bundt pannSprinkle the yeast over the warm water in a large bowl. Stir a few times, then let stand until the yeast has dissolved and the mixture begins to bubble, 1 to 2 minutes. Sift 1 12 cups of the flour into the bowl, and stir until mostly smooth. Cover with plastic wrap, and set aside in a warm place for about 30 minutes. The mixture will expand, loosen in texture and have large bubbles on the surface.nMeanwhile, place the dried fruit, pecans, brandy and 2 tablespoons of the brown sugar in a microwavesafe bowl, stir until the sugar is dissolved, then microwave until hot and bubbling, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir, then set aside to cool.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the remaining 1 12 cups flour, cinnamon, cardamom and salt. Generously butter a 12cup Bundt pan set aside.nWhen the flouryeast mixture has risen, beat the butter with the granulated sugar and remaining 34 cup brown sugar with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, until combined the mixture may look slightly curdled at this stage, then add 1 teaspoon of the vanilla. Beat in the flouryeast mixture. Reduce the mixer speed to mediumlow, then gradually beat in the flourspice mixture. Raise the mixer speed to medium, add the fruitnut mixture with any remaining liquid and beat until the fruit is well blended. The dough should be soft, loose and elastic, almost like brioche dough or an extremely thick batter.nTransfer the dough to the prepared Bundt pan, cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until the dough fills the pan a little more than 34 of the way, about 1 hour. When the cake is almost done rising, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the plastic wrap from the cake. Bake the cake until golden brown and a cake tester comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool for 30 minutes in the pan on a wire rack. Loosen the sides with a small metal spatula, and turn the cake out, flatside down, onto the wire rack to cool completely.nBefore serving, stir together the confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon of the milk and the remaining 12 teaspoon vanilla in a small bowl. Gradually add as much of the second tablespoon of milk as needed to make a thick glaze that will just gently run. Spoon the glaze over the top of the cake, allowing it to run down the outside and inside., ingredients: [Two 14ounce packets active dry yeast, 1 cup warm water about 105 degrees F, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup dried fruit, such as currants, cranberries and chopped dates, 12 cup pecans, coarsely chopped, 13 cup brandy or rum, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing the pan, 14 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons milk], title: Election Cake, picturelink: null}, 42997: {instructions: Make the GoTo Chocolate Chip Cookies, folding in 34 cup each broken pretzel sticks and chopped roasted peanuts with the chocolate chips. Bake as directed., ingredients: [], title: Peanut Pretzel Chocolate Chip, picturelink: null}, 42998: {instructions: Finely chop up 12 of the garlic on a cutting board and sprinkle with a generous pinch of salt. Mash the garlic and salt together with the flatside of a knife into a paste. Add the oregano and continue to mash until incorporated. Put the garlicoregano paste in a small bowl, add the lemon juice and 1 cup of olive oil season with salt and pepper. Slice the remaining garlic into thin slivers.nPut the lamb on a large platter, and trim any excess fat. Cut the lamb in 12 lengthwise so you have 2 large pieces. Make slits all over the meat with a sharp knife, and push the garlic slivers inside. Rub 12 of the garlicoregano paste all over the lamb and season the meat with salt and pepper. Roll up each piece of lamb lengthwise and tie with butchers twine to hold the roasts together. Put the lamb on a large platter and slather with the remaining garlicoregano paste. Marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nWipe off the excess paste from the lamb so it wont burn in the oven. Place a large roasting pan over 2 burners on mediumhigh flame and coat with a fair amount of olive oil. Put the lamb roasts in the roasting pan and sear to form a nice brown crust on all sides. Transfer the pan and lamb to the oven and roast for 1 to 1 12 hours it should be pink in the center and the internal temperature reads 130 degrees F. Allow the lamb to stand 10 minutes to let the juices settle before and slicing.nCut off the butchers twine and thinly slice the lamb. Place the meat in the center of the pita breads. Top with lettuce, chopped tomatoes, and tzatziki.nPut all the ingredients in a mixing bowl and combine with a fork. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to marry., ingredients: [1 head garlic, cloves peeled, Kosher salt, 2 bunches fresh oregano, leaves finely chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for searing, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 butterflied leg of lamb, about 4 pounds, 10 large Pita bread, 1 head butter lettuce, 5 vineripe tomatoes, chopped, Tzatziki, recipe follows, 3 cups plain yogurt, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 medium cucumbers, peeled, halved, seeded and diced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Leg of Lamb Gyros, picturelink: null}, 42999: {instructions: Put all the ingredients except ice cubes into a blender and blend on medium speed for two minutes. Pour tea mixture into oldfashioned glasses filled with ice. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups chopped seedless watermelon, 1 cup chilled green tea, 1 cup chilled cream soda, 18 tsp. ground cinnamon, 1 tsp. light brown sugar, ice cubes], title: SouthoftheBorder Watermelon Iced Green Tea, picturelink: null}, 43000: {instructions: In a large Dutch oven or heavy pot, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and a threefinger pinch of salt and sweat them until theyre translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the neck bones and let them brown, about 5 minutes. Add the ground veal, beef and sausage, and season with another healthy pinch of salt. Cook until the meat is browned, about 10 minutes. Stir in the white wine, tomatoes and their juice, and the bay leaves. Scrape the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon, making sure to get all of the browned bits into the sauce. Season the sauce with salt, to taste, and simmer for 2 hours over medium heat. Remove the bay leaves and neck bones and let cool. Skim any fat that rises to the surface.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add enough salt so that it tastes seasoned and allow the water to return to a boil. Add the noodles and cook until al dente. Drain well and set aside.nIn a medium bowl mix together the ricotta, parsley, basil, oregano, eggs, and Parmesan with a pinch of salt.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLadle about 1 cup of sauce on the bottom of a lasagna pan. Arrange a layer of noodles followed by a layer of sauce and then some of the ricotta mixture. Top with a layer of mozzarella, smoothing it with a spatula to the edges. Repeat the process until the pan is full. Finish with a final layer of noodles, sauce, the mozzarella, and Parmesan.nCover the lasagna with aluminum foil and bake for 1 hour. Uncover and bake for 30 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and let it rest, 5 to 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 4 garlic cloves, minced, Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound pork neck bones, 1 pound ground veal, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound spicy Italian sausage, loose or removed from casings, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 28ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, with their juice, 2 bay leaves, 1 pound dried lasagna noodles, 2 pounds whole milk ricotta cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 large eggs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for final topping, 1 pound fresh mozzarella cheese, grated], title: Moms Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 43001: {instructions: To prepare the pasta, put all ingredients in a bowl, and knead together. Wrap in plastic wrap and allow to rest for approximately one hour. Roll out the pasta to the thinnest setting on a pasta machine and lay out to dry for about 5 minutes. Cut the pasta into strips, or feed through a pasta cutter. Set pasta aside until ready to be cooked.nTo begin the sauce, heat the olive oil and add the basil, so the flavors infuse into the oil. Add the cherry tomatoes and salt, and cook for about 10 minutes. In the meantime, bring a pot of water to a boil, and cook the pasta for 6 to 7 minutes.nIn a separate pan, heat some oil, and fry the eggplant. The eggplant must be golden brown when done. Lightly salt when eggplant is still hot.nTo serve: Heat the sauce and add the drained pasta. In the center of each dish, place a tomato star filled with the golden eggplant. Surround the plate with the pasta, and place a basil leaf on top for decoration., ingredients: [2 pounds durumwheat semolina, 2 eggs, 4 egg yolks, 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pound spinach, boiled, salted, and drained, 1 ounce extravirgin olive oil, 2 large sprigs basil, leaves removed, plus leaves for garnish, 12 pound cherry tomatoes, skinned and seeded, 12 pound eggplant, diced and coated with flour, 1 large tomato, skinned, seeded, and sliced crossways into 6 stars], title: Green Pasta, Mediterranean Style, picturelink: null}, 43002: {instructions: In a food processor combine the flour and salt and process for a second to blend. Add the butter and shortening and process, by pulsing the machine, for a few seconds or until the mixture resembles coarse meal.nAdd ice water a bit at a time and pulse for a few seconds just until combined. Remove the dough from the processor. Divide the dough into equal two pieces. Flatten each piece into a round flat disk, wrap and refrigerate for an hour.nLightly flour a pastry board or kitchen counter. Take one piece of pastry out of the refrigerator. Lightly flour your rolling pin. Roll the dough, starting from center of the round, and working up in one direction only, turning the pastry continuously to prevent it from sticking to the counter. Using a 9inch pie plate as guide, roll out your pastry so it is 18thinch thick and about 2 inches wider in circumference than the pie plate. Brush off excess flour and fold pastry circle in half and in half again so that it forms a triangle.nSet point of dough in center of pie plate and unfold it gently. Allow pastry to hang over edges gently. Fill the dough see below for filling. Roll out second piece of pastry in same manner but after you have folded it in quarters, cut some decorative little vents into it. Reserve, covered.nROLLING OUT THE DOUGH.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees.nSet shelf in middle of oven. Peel, core and slice the apples into eighths. Grate the zest and juice the lemon. In a mixing bowl toss the apples with grated lemon zest and juice, sugar, flour, cinnamon and butter. Mound the apples, making them as high as possible in the center. Lay the second round of pastry over the apples, pressing top and bottom crusts together. Trim edges with scissors, leaving a bit of an overhang about 12inch. Fold the overhang over the top and press together. Crimp the rim with a fork or press with your fingers.nSet pie on a baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes. Lower the heat to 350 degrees and bake for another 35 to 40 minutes or until golden. Check pie halfway through baking time and protect edging with foil if necessary.nRemove pie from oven and cool on a wire rack until warm. Serve with wedges of sharp cheddar cheese for dinner or with vanilla ice cream for dessert.none double crusted pie, serving 4 to 6., ingredients: [2 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 ounces chilled unsalted butter, cut into 10 tablespoons, 5 tablespoons chilled vegetable shortening, 14 cup or more ice water, 8 medium large apples such as Macouns, Granny Smiths, Greenings, 1 large lemon, 13 to 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons flour, 18th teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons butter cut into small pieces], title: Pie Crust, picturelink: null}, 43003: {instructions: In a small bowl, stir together crumbled bleu cheese, mayonnaise, and lemon juice. Set aside.nTo make sandwiches, spread bleu cheese mayonnaise on bread slices. Add watercress and roast beef. Place another slice of bread on top. Cut into quarters and serve., ingredients: [13 cup crumbled bleu cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 slices whole wheat bread, 6 slices white bread, 1 bunch watercress, 12pound sliced roast beef from deli], title: Roast Beef and Bleu Cheese Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 43004: {instructions: Arrange chicken, skin side up, in a single layer in a shallow dish. Combine soy sauce, mirin, sugar, garlic, and ginger pour over chicken. Marinate in refrigerator, turning once or twice, for 30 minutes to 1 hour. Heat grill. Remove chicken from marinade. Place on grill, and cook, basting with marinade, about 12 to 15 minutes, turning once. Let cool and slice in thin strips.nDress the romaine and julienne vegetables with the aioli and place on the bottom 13 of the tortilla. Top with the sliced chicken and the pineapple. Fold over the edges and snuggly roll up your burrito, dig in and smilenPlace the yolks, juice, vinegar, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, and chile powder in a blender on medium speed. While blending, drizzle in the vegetable oil and then the sesame oil. Season, to taste, with the salt., ingredients: [2 boneless chicken breasts, 12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup mirin, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 heart of romaine, chiffonade, Julienne vegetables carrots, zucchini, peppers, andor scallions, SoyGinger Aioli, recipe follows, Burrito size tortilla, flavored or unflavored, Small strips pineapple, 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon finely minced ginger, 12 teaspoon finely minced garlic, 12 teaspoon Japanese chile powder, 1 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup toasted sesame oil, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Chicken Teriyaki Wrap, picturelink: null}, 43005: {instructions: Place the sliced eggplant in a shallow pan with the buttermilk and marinate for 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat to 350 degrees F.nBeat the eggs and milk together to make an egg wash. Once the oil is to temperature, dredge the eggplant in the flour, tap off any excess, and then coat with the prepared egg wash. Slip gently into the oil and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip and continue to cook the other side until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. After frying, remove to paper towels to drain. Repeat the process until all the eggplant has been fried.nLay the eggplant flat and apply about 1 tablespoon goat cheese to the bottom short edge of the eggplant. Top the goat cheese with 1 basil leaf and roll the eggplant from bottom to top, ensuring the goat cheese and basil stays in the middle of the roll. Place the rolls in a baking dish.nTop the rolls with Marinara Sauce, sprinkle with Parmesan, and bake until the cheese has melted, about 10 minutes.nIn a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and heat to the verge of smoking. Add the onions and celery and cook until the onions are translucent. Deglaze the pan with the wine, stir and scrape up any bits, and then add the red sauce and garlic. Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.nAdd the Worcestershire sauce, thyme, oregano, basil, and tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat and simmer 1 hour, stirring occasionally., ingredients: [2 medium eggplants, cut into 14inch planks, 2 cups buttermilk, 4 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 to 1 cup goat cheese, divided, 12 fresh basil leaves, 2 cups Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup shredded Parmesan, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 onion yellow, diced, 14 cup diced celery, 14 cup red wine, 1 quart red sauce of choice, 1 clove garlic, peeled and thinly sliced or minced, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme, 14 cup dried oregano, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 cups diced tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Eggplant Cannelloni, picturelink: WnQXRLtsNyBWB57qkiSRGMVOSYmXIaa}, 43006: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 cups hickory chips, soaked for 30 minutesnFor the burger: Preheat the grill to medium heat. Get your wood chips smoking in the grill.nGently combine the ground beef and lamb. Sprinkle the bourbon over the ground meat and let rest for 2 minutes. After the bourbon has soaked into the meat mixture, incorporate the duck fat, mustard, parsley, thyme, hot sauce, vinegar, shallots and some salt and pepper. Be careful not to over mix, particularly with the duck fat the fat should be evenly distributed in small pieces the size of a pencil head. Form 4 patties loosely, just enough to hold their shape and not fall apart.nGrill by placing the patties in a U formation on the grill outside grills on high and center section off, or make a charcoal well. Cook to mediumrare, about 4 minutes per side. Allow to rest in a warm place. Toast the split buns on the grill while the smoke is building.nFor the marmalade: Brush the onion halves with olive oil and cook on the stillhot grill, until they are softened and the outside is charred. Once cool enough to handle, cut into thin strips and set aside.nIn a heavy saucepot over high heat, cook the diced bacon until crispy and rendered. Stir in the onion strips and bourbon and bring to a simmer. Simmer until the liquid is reduced by half, and then stir in the butter. Cover and simmer for 30 minutes. Season with some balsamic vinegar, the Dijon, rosemary and salt. Take the marmalade off the heat and finish with maple syrup. Reserve in a warm area to serve may be done up to 2 days ahead.nPlace the burgers on the bottom buns, spoon over some marmalade make sure to get plenty of sauce and cap it..nIf its not dripping down your arm, you didnt get enough sauce on thereu00bfEAT IT FOOL, HURRY UPu00bf, ingredients: [1 pound ground beef 5050 ratio with 11 to 13percent fat content, 1 pound ground lamb, 12 cup bourbon, 2 ounces duck fat cool, solid but squishable, 1 tablespoon whole grain Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, Dash hot sauce, Dash balsamic vinegar, 1 shallot, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sesame buns, 4 onions, halved, Olive oil, for brushing, 1 pound bacon, diced, 2 cups bourbon, 8 ounces butter, Balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, Kosher salt, Maple syrup], title: Westwood Retro Burger, picturelink: VRmjXGolIFz5JQDDczmKNmPpEEjhM.}, 43007: {instructions: Place arugula in a bowl and dress with lemon juice, extravirgin olive oil and salt. Divide the arugula among dinner plates or place on a serving platter and mound the greens up. Use a vegetable peeler to shred some cheese on top of the arugula. Arrange the meat in a thin layer all around the plate, draping it over the arugula. The plates or platter should look like a mound of beef. Thinly slice the artichokes, finely chop rosemary and parsley and slice the caper berries. Decoratively arrange the artichokes, chopped herbs and capers all over the meat. Drizzle the completed salad with aged balsamic vinegar and serve., ingredients: [8 cups arugula, 1 lemon, juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Coarse salt, A small chunk Parmigiano, 13 pound minimum, 1 pound bresaola cured beef, like prosciutto available at deli counter, 1 can artichoke hearts in water, drained, 4 sprigs rosemary, A handful flatleaf parsley, 12 cup caper berries, drained, Aged balsamic vinegar, for drizzling look for 6 plus years of age, widely available in many markets], title: Bresaola Salad, picturelink: null}, 43008: {instructions: Mash the sweet potatoes in a bowl and then add the chickpea flour, garam masala, ginger, salt, cilantro, and yogurt. Mix well and then form into small patties about 2inches in diameter.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook the patties in batches so they have plenty of room to fry. Cook for about 2 minutes on each side, or until they are golden and crispy and cooked through.nPlace the juice, onion, cilantro, chat masala, and salt in a food processor and process to a paste. Add the mango and pulse until the chunks are coarsely chopped. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 cups cooked sweet potatoes, 12 cup chickpea flour, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons yogurt, 2 tablespoons grape seed oil, Mango Chutney, for serving, recipe follows, About 14 cup60 ml pineapple juice, About 1 12 ounces or 3 tablespoons40 g chopped red onion, 1 tablespoon15 ml chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon15 ml chat masala, About 12 teaspoon2 ml salt, About 5 ounces150 g mango chunks], title: Crispy Sweet Potato Cakes, picturelink: null}, 43009: {instructions: Put a large piece of parchment paper on a work surface and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of the vanilla sugar. Lay the puff pastry on top, sprinkle with 2 more tablespoons vanilla sugar and roll out into a 12inch square. Trim the edges to make an even square, then cut the pastry into four 3inchwide strips.nLightly beat the egg and water in a small bowl. Brush the egg wash lengthwise down the center of 3 of the pastry strips. Stack the 3 strips neatly on top of each other top with the remaining pastry strip. Place the rolling pin lengthwise down the center of the pastry stack and press gently to adhere the layers in the center the edges should remain separated. Cut the stack crosswise into 12by3inch strips. If the pastry is too soft to cut, transfer to a baking sheet and refrigerate until firm, about 15 minutes.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Pinch the center of each strip, then twist the pastry twice at the pinch point. Arrange 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Fan out the edges of the pastry. Lightly brush with the egg wash, then sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons vanilla sugar. Refrigerate until firm, about 20 minutes.nPosition racks in the middle and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 375 degrees F. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes. Immediately transfer the cookies to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [6 tablespoons vanilla sugar, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed half of a 17ounce package, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon water], title: Puff Pastry Snowflakes, picturelink: ZEgzHbZyFAXQoNu0PxaAsbBfVfwDxr.}, 43010: {instructions: Whisk 5 tablespoons buttermilk, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon sugar and 14 teaspoon kosher salt in a large bowl. Add 6 cups baby greens, 2 cups watercress, 1 cup halved grape tomatoes and 2 tablespoons chopped scallions. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to coat.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Greens with Buttermilk Dressing, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 43011: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the celery, carrot, shallot and garlic season with 12 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring to coat, 1 minute. Sprinkle in the flour and stir until incorporated. Stir in the crushed tomatoes and chicken broth. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the vegetables are very soft, about 20 minutes.nWorking in small batches, puree the soup in a blender until smooth. Return to the pot over low heat stir in the heavy cream and truffle oil.nPour the soup into shot glasses or small cups top with the popcorn and cheese. Photograph by Ralph SmithnStovetop PopcornnHeat 14 cup vegetable oil with a few popcorn kernels in a large pot over medium heat until one kernel pops. Add 34 cup popcorn kernels and cover the pot cook, shaking the pot occasionally, until the popping subsides. Makes 12 to 16 cups popcorn., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 1 small carrot, chopped, 1 large shallot, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt, 1 12 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 15ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons truffle oil, 2 cups buttered popcorn, 1 cup grated truffle pecorino cheese about 3 ounces], title: Tomato and Truffle Popcorn Soup Shooters, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 43012: {instructions: Place the crushed ice in a blender. Add the pineapple cubes, dark rum, honey, coconut milk, orange juice and pineapple juice to the blender. Pulse until the mixture reaches a slushie consistency, about 15 seconds or pulses. Skewer the garnishes on the soaked bamboo skewers.nServe the slushie in chilled glasses with fruit skewers and top with umbrellas., ingredients: [6 cups ice cubes, slightly crushed, 3 cups cubed ripe pineapple, 1 cup dark rum, 14 cup honey, 1 cup light coconut milk, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 1 cup fresh pineapple juice, Lime wedges, Pineapple chunks, Orange wedges, Mango slices, 4 bamboo skewers, soaked in water, Cocktail umbrellas], title: Frozen Tropical Slushie, picturelink: null}, 43013: {instructions: Heat a large stockpot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons oil. Add the carrots and onions and saute until they begin to caramelize. Next, add the ginger, garlic and habanero. Saute until the vegetables become aromatic, about 1 minute. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and the mushrooms and cabbage. Stir in the tamari sauce, chicken stock and pork. Reduce the heat to low, cover and let simmer about 20 minutes.nTo serve, divide the prepared noodles between 4 entreesize bowls. Ladle the soup into the bowls and garnish each with cilantro leaves, bean sprouts and lime wedges. Drizzle with additional tamari sauce, if desired.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix the olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Using a pastry brush, spread the mixture all over the pork shoulder.nSet the meat on a rack set into a roasting pan. Roast for 20 minutes, and then reduce the heat to 325 degrees F. Continue to cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the shoulder reads 185 degrees F, about 4 hours. Remove the pork from the oven and let stand until cool enough to handle, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons canola oil, divided, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 1 small white onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 habanero, seeded and chopped or a milder chile if preferred, 2 cups shiitake mushrooms, chopped, 1 head Chinese cabbage, chopped, 2 tablespoons tamari soy sauce, plus more for drizzling, 8 cups chicken stock, 2 cups shredded Simple Roasted Pork Shoulder, recipe follows, 1 7ounce package udon noodles, prepared according to package directions, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, 1 cup bean sprouts, for garnish, Lime wedges, for garnish, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4 pound pork shoulder], title: Pork and Udon Noodle Soup, picturelink: EffNdXlgOqA8UioNy3ywzgM494BXuEG}, 43014: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRub the ribs liberally with the Rib Spice and let them sit, covered, in the refrigerator overnight.nPrepare a charcoal grill.nSeason the ribs with salt and pepper. When the coals are very hot, grill the ribs for 5 to 7 minutes per side.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nArrange the ribs in roasting pans. Pour the beer and vegetable stock over the ribs and spread the onions over the top.nCover each roasting pan with plastic wrap and heavyduty aluminum foil. There should be no holes in the plastic wrap or the foil. Braise the ribs until a bone comes out with minimal resistance when pulled, about 2 hours. Do not overbraise.nRemove the plastic wrap and foil and let the ribs cool in their braising liquid.nTo serve, prepare a charcoal grill. Warm the ribs over medium heat and baste with the Molasses Barbeque Sauce. Serve hot.nCombine the brown sugar, chili powder, granulated onion, salt and pepper, granulated garlic and dried oregano in a large bowl and whisk until well combined.nCombine the ketchup, molasses, vinegar and steak sauce in a medium saucepan over low heat. Once the mixture comes to a simmer add the sugar, chili powder, granulated garlic and granulated onion. Stir the sauce often to prevent the sugars from scorching and do not allow the sauce to boil. Simmer for 30 minutes. Yield: enough for 3 racks of ribs., ingredients: [45 pounds baby back ribs, diamond scored on bone side, 2 quarts Rib Spice, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, 3 quarts porter or other dark beer, 3 quarts vegetable stock, 5 white onions, julienned, Molasses Barbeque Sauce, recipe follows, 2 12 cups brown sugar, 1 cup chili powder, 12 cup granulated onion, 12 cup salt and pepper, mixed, 14 cup granulated garlic, 14 cup dried oregano, 2 cups ketchup, such as Heinz, 12 cup molasses, 14 cup cider vinegar, 4 12 tablespoons steak sauce, such as A1, 14 pound brown sugar, 12 tablespoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, 14 teaspoon granulated onion], title: BeerBraised Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 43015: {instructions: Grate the zest of 2 limes set aside. Squeeze the juice into a saucepan add 8 thin slices ginger and 2 cups unsweetened pineapple juice. Boil until reduced to 12 cup, 8 to 10 minutes. Strain, then add the lime zest, 1 cup apricot preserves and 14 cup dijon mustard.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: PineappleApricot Glaze, picturelink: 01uXCVnBGQKiTWvCDzPHtUNXyJ7Gs1y}, 43016: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish and set aside.nBring a large pot of water to a boil add the pasta shells and cook for approximately 9 minutes until al dente. Drain and rinse under cold water being careful not to break the shells. Set aside.nMeanwhile prepare the filling. In a large bowl mix together the ricotta and Parmesan. Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat, add the garlic, and cook 1 minute, being careful not to brown it. Stir in the arugula until just wilted, about 2 minutes. Add the chopped chicken and stir well. Remove from heat and let cool for about 10 minutes. Add chicken mixture to cheese mixture and stir carefully. Stuff each shell with approximately 12 cup of the cheese filling and place in prepared baking dish.nFor sauce, heat the butter in medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook for about 1 minute until fragrant but not brown. Add the flour and whisk until smooth. Gradually add the cream and milk and whisk until mixture begins to thicken and bubble. Remove from heat and add the chives, 1 cup Parmesan, cherry tomatoes and stir gently. Pour sauce over shells and sprinkle with remaining 3 tablespoons of Parmesan. Bake for 30 minutes until the sauce is bubbling and cheese is golden brown. Sprinkle with parsley., ingredients: [6 jumbo pasta shells conchiglioni, 2 12 cups ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups arugula, 2 cups chopped cooked chicken rotisserie chicken works well, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup milk, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 cup grape tomato halved, Italian parsley for garnish], title: Stuffed Shells with Chicken and Arugula and Creamy Alfredo Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43017: {instructions: Peel the top rind off of the Camembert. With your knife, poke 8 to 10 holes in the top of the cheese and put it onto a glass serving plate.nMix the sugar and water together in a small heavy saucepan and put it over medium heat. Bring to a boil and cook until the caramel is thick and amber in color. Use caution when working with hot caramel and dont leave it untended. As soon as it is done, pour it evenly over the camembert. Serve immediately with bread or crackers., ingredients: [1 wheel Camembert, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water, Bread or crackers, for serving], title: Candied Camembert, picturelink: t2RSH17pRvC83zJxhxkXL1QjTNVKEC}, 43018: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: In a large bowl, whisk together the cornstarch and egg whites with a fork until almost frothy, about 1 minute. Add the chicken to the mixture and allow to sit for 5 to 10 minutes.nFor the sauce: Meanwhile, put the orange juice, soy sauce, sugar, vinegar, sesame oil, salt, crushed red pepper, garlic and ginger in a small nonstick skillet and whisk. Heat until bubbling and starting to thicken, about 5 minutes.nWhisk together the cornstarch and 14 cup water in a small bowl and add 1 to 2 tablespoons of the cornstarch slurry to the sauce. Mix in and thicken for 1 minute.nHeat about 2 inches of vegetable oil in a heavybottomed Dutch oven until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F. Carefully drop the chicken into the oil and move it around, flipping gently, until golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Let the pieces drain on a plate lined with paper towels for 2 to 3 minutes. Then drop them back into the oil for 1 minute to really solidify the coating.nToss the chicken in the sauce and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cornstarch, 4 egg whites, 4 boneless chicken thighs, cut into bitesized pieces, 12 cup orange juice I used Simply Orange, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 packed tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, Dash salt, Dash crushed red pepper, 1 clove garlic, pressed, A little grated or minced ginger, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying], title: Orange Chicken, picturelink: jFohCDVTIvvbmHpLTonkASImEkrsp52}, 43019: {instructions: Rinse each of the fish steaks under fresh cold water, then pat them dry. Let the fish marinate in the rice wine for 5 to 10 minutes, turning the fish once halfway through.nPreheat your broiler to the highest setting possible, or if you are grilling outdoors, make sure your coals are burning hot.nRemove the fish from the marinade, and very lightly salt the flesh on both sides. Salt the surrounding skin a bit more generously. Place the fish on a rack set over a foillined tray, or use disposable foil broiling pans for easier cleanup. If you are broiling outdoors, you may wish to lightly oil the rack on which the fish will be laid. Broil the fish for 6 to 7 minutes, or until it is opaque and slightly browned around the edges. Flip the fish with a large metal spatula, and broil for 2 to 3 more minutes, until the fish is just cooked through.nCut the lemon into 4 wedges, and serve each piece of fish with one of them. The Japanese typically serve a small mound of grated radish to the side of the fish. Each person then dribbles some soy sauce over the radish and spread this mixture on the fish just before conveying it to the mouth. If you wish to follow suit, drain the grated radish of excess liquid before mounding it on the plates., ingredients: [4 mackerel fillets, 4 to 5 ounces each, 2 tablespoons sake Japanese rice wine, 12 teaspoon salt, preferably coarse, 12 lemon, 12 cup grated daikon Japanese white radish, optional, Soy sauce, optional], title: SaltGrilled Spanish Mackerel, picturelink: null}, 43020: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust: Combine the gingersnaps, brown sugar, and ginger in the bowl of a food processor. Process until the cookies are fine crumbs. Drizzle the butter into the crumb mixture. Pulse 8 to 10 times to combine.nPress the gingersnap mixture into the bottom, up the sides, and just over the lip of a 9inch glass pie dish. Place on a half sheet pan and bake the crust for 10 to 12 minutes. Cool crust at least 10 minutes before filling.nFor the filling: Bring the pumpkin puree to a simmer over medium heat in a 2quart saucepan. Cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the halfandhalf, nutmeg, and salt. Stir and return the mixture to a simmer. Remove the pumpkin mixture from the heat and cool for 10 minutes.nWhisk the brown sugar, eggs, and yolk until smooth in a large bowl. Add the pumpkin mixture and whisk until thoroughly combined. Pour the prepared filling into the warm pie crust and bake on the same half sheet pan until the center jiggles slightly but the sides of the filling are set, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool on a cooling rack for at least 2 to 3 hours before slicing. Pie can be made and refrigerated up to 2 days in advance. Pie is best the day after it is made.nFor minipies: Evenly divide the crust mixture between 5 5inch pie tins and bake on a half sheet pan for 5 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before evenly dividing the filling between the pans. Bake until the center juggles slightly but the sides of the filling are set, 25 minutes. Cool on a cooling rack for 2 hours. Spread 1 teaspoon of light brown sugar on the top of each pie. Melt the sugar using a torch to form a crispy top. Cool for 5 minutes before serving.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice a small piece of skin off the one side of the pumpkin so when laid on its side, the pumpkin will lay flat without rolling. Remove the stem and split the pumpkin in half from top to bottom, using a large cleaver and a mallet. Scoop out the seeds and fiber with a large metal spoon or ice cream scoop. Cut the fibers with kitchen shears if necessary. Reserve seeds for another use.nSprinkle the flesh with kosher salt and lay the halves, flesh side down, on a parchment paperlined half sheet pan. Roast until a paring knife can be easily inserted and removed from the pumpkin, 30 to 45 minutes. Test in several places to ensure doneness.nRemove the half sheet pan to a cooling rack and cool the pumpkin for 1 hour. Using a large spoon, remove the roasted flesh of the pumpkin from the skin to the bowl of a food processor. Process until the flesh is smooth, 3 to 4 minutes. Store in the fridge for up to 1 week or freeze for up to 3 months., ingredients: [6 ounces gingersnap cookies, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 ounce unsalted butter, melted, 16 ounces Pumpkin Puree, recipe follows, 1 cup halfandhalf, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 5 teaspoons light brown sugar, divided, 1 4 to 6pound baking pumpkin, rinsed and dried, Kosher salt], title: Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 43021: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the bechamel: In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium flame. Add the flour and whisk until the texture of wet sand is achieved. Lower the heat to low, add the cloves and nutmeg and cook for 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in the whole milk and bring the sauce to a simmer. Cook for 3 minutes, season with salt and pepper and set aside.nFor the fettuccine alfredo: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and season with salt. Add the pasta and begin to cook.nMeanwhile, in a large saute pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Cook the shallots and garlic until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the bechamel sauce, along with 1 cup of the pasta water.nWhen the pasta is 80 percent cooked, add it to the saute pan and simmer until the sauce is thickened and the pasta is al dente. Toss with the cheeses and parsley, and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, Pinch grated nutmeg, 2 12 cups whole milk, warmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces dried fettuccine, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup thinly sliced shallots, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 14 cup finely minced fresh parsley], title: Fettuccine Alfredo, picturelink: 7mVp1PwjzvZKMqKRLwS2AXvklu6Ylri}, 43022: {instructions: Arrange lettuce leaves on a plate. Create nests on top of the lettuce leaves using chopped herbs. Spoon a tablespoon of artichoke pesto into the nests. Sprinkle with crumbled feta and chopped almonds and serve.nCooks Note: Prepared pestos and tapenades can be found where the pasta and sauces are in the grocery store., ingredients: [8 butter lettuce leaf cups, 1 cup chopped mixed herbs such as tarragon, basil, parsley, 12 cup artichoke pesto or tapenade, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped almonds], title: Herb Nest Salad, picturelink: null}, 43023: {instructions: Soak 14 cup thinly sliced red onion in cold water 15 minutes drain. Peel 3 blood oranges with a paring knife slice into rounds. Toss with the onion, 12 cup fresh mint and 14 cup olive oil season with salt and pepper. Toss with 4 cups torn Little Gem lettuce top with crumbled feta., ingredients: [], title: Blood OrangeMint Salad, picturelink: s4pyTT4IpDPNaPbYax8MU6WI2Ad1o.K}, 43024: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the endives in half, remove the core, place in a small pot. Add 1 tablespoon butter, salt, pepper, sugar, and 1 cup ale beer. Bring to a boil, cover with a piece of parchment paper and place in a 350 degree oven. Cook for 30 to 40 minutes, until slightly brown in color and the beer has reduced by 12.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in an ovenproof frying pan or casserole. Season the meat with salt and pepper on all sides. When the oil is very hot, sear the meat, caramelizing all sides evenly. When seared, drain off the fat and add the Belgian beer.nIncrease the oven temperature to 450 degrees F.nRoast the meat in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and let the meat rest for 5 minutes before slicing.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a heavybottomed pot, add the onions, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Squeeze the mushrooms out of the juice, and add to the onions, cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Deglaze the pan with 2 cups beer, and reduce until almost dry. Then add the mushroom rehydrating liquid, and reduce until almost dry. Add the veal stock and the cream, and reduce at low heat until thick. Check the seasoning, reserve.nTo serve, slice the meat in 12 to 14inch thick pieces. Place on a plate, surround with the endive leaves. Put the wild mushrooms around the meat and cover with a thin layer of the sauce and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 heads endive, 1 tablespoon butter, plus 2 tablespoons, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup dark ale beer, plus 2 cups, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 2 to 3 pound strip beef tenderloin, 12 cup dark Belgium ale, 1 red onion, sliced, 1 cup dry wild mushrooms, soaked in 1 cup dark ale beer, 2 cups brown veal stock, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Beef Tenderloin with a Dark Ale and Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43025: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: crinkle cutter knifenIn a medium bowl, whisk to combine the sour cream, milk, lemon juice, lemon zest, mint, parsley, salt, garlic powder and onion powder. Serve the dip with the crinklecut carrots., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic powder, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 2 pounds large carrots, cut into coins with a crinkle cutter knife], title: CrinkleCut Carrots with Zesty Herb Dip, picturelink: SemSq1U8.Bube.ZlJnxkpJgYsH7XmVy}, 43026: {instructions: Place anchovies and onion in alternating layers in a bowl. Cook vinegar, garlic, bay leaf, peppercorns and cloves for 5 minutes on low heat. Pour hot marinade over anchovies and onions. Marinate for 2 days in refrigerator. Serve cold., ingredients: [21 ounces salted anchovies, rinsed and dried, 1 onion, sliced, 1 cup white wine herbal vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, 1 bay leaf, 10 black peppercorns, 2 cloves], title: Marinated Anchovies, picturelink: null}, 43027: {}, 43028: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the leaves from half of each rosemary sprig. Reserve the sprigs to use for skewers. Chop enough of the leaves to make 1 12 teaspoons. Reserve the remaining leaves for another use. Combine the olive oil, lime juice, garlic, cilantro, chili powder, and chopped rosemary in a medium bowl. Season the marinade with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the shrimp and toss until coated. Let stand for 5 minutes. Skewer 2 shrimp onto each rosemary sprig.nHeat a large, wide grill pan or comal over high heat. Add the skewers and cook for 1 minute per side, or just until the shrimp is cooked through and turns pink. Do not overcook. Transfer to a platter, garnish with the lime wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [15 fresh rosemary sprigs See Cooks Note, 14 cup olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon chipotle chili powder See Cooks Note, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds raw mediumsized shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails left intact, 2 limes, sliced into wedges, for serving], title: Smokin Shrimp Skewers, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 43029: {}, 43030: {instructions: Toast the paprika in a small skillet over medium heat until the aroma emerges and the color deepens, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat. In a blender, combine the paprika with the vinegar, honey, and red peppers and blend well. Slowly add the oil and blend until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the Bass: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Make 4 diagonal cuts on each side of each fish, reaching all the way down to the bone. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Place a large roasting pan on a burner over high heat. When pan is hot add oil. Heat oil to almost smoking. Place the fish in the roasting pan and sear until golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. When fish is seared, place the roasting pan into the oven and roast for 12 to 14 minutes, depending on the size of the fish. Arrange the fish on a large serving platter with batter fried potatoes and drizzle with sauce.nFor the Batter Fried Potatoes: In a mixing bowl, combine the beer, egg, milk, flour, and melted butter and mix well. Add salt and pepper to taste.nAdd the thyme to the beer batter. Place the batter and the seasoned flour in 2 separate bowls. Season the potato slices with salt and pepper to taste. In a saute pan over medium heat, heat the oil to 375 degrees F or until a drop of batter sizzles on contact. Dredge the potato slices in the flour, dip them in the batter, and fry in batches until golden brown on both sides, about 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [3 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoons honey, 3 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 34 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 striped bass, 1 pound each, scaled and gutted, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, Red PepperSpanish Paprika Sauce recipe above, 34 cup beer, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup milk, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon butter, melted, Salt and pepper, 10 medium new potatoes, cooked until just tender and sliced 18inch thick, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, Beer Batter recipe above, 12 cup seasoned flour, Salt and pepper, 4 cups peanut oil], title: Roasted Striped Bass with Red PepperSpanish Paprika Sauce with Batter Fried Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 43031: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the hashbrowns: Spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray. Spread the shredded potato on the baking sheet in an even layer. Sprinkle with the salt and some pepper and pour over the oil. Bake until golden and crispy, turning frequently, 10 minutes.nFor the eggs: Meanwhile, spray a nonstick skillet with cooking spray and heat over medium heat. Crack the eggs into a bowl and whisk well. Stir in the roasted red peppers, and then add to the pan and scramble until cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes.nSpoon the potatoes into 2 mugs and top with the scrambled eggs. Sprinkle with the cheese and chives., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 1 small sweet potato, shredded with a box grater about 1 cup, 18 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons diced roasted red pepper, 14 cup lowfat shredded cheese, for topping, Chopped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Bobbys Light Breakfast in a Cup, picturelink: bMI3FGY.RCzGgAagbcsrBE7z4b9JyO}, 43032: {instructions: Drain the beans and set aside. In a large stockpot heat the oil over moderate heat until hot. Add the onion, celery and carrot and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add ham and garlic and cook stirring, 1 minute. Add tomatoes, beans, beef stock, thyme, bay leaf and pepper to taste. Add the Parmesan rind. Bring to a boil and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes. Transfer 12 cup of the beans to a small processor or blender and puree. Return beans to pot and season with salt and pepper to taste. Bring liquid to a boil and add pasta. Simmer until pasta is tender, about 6 minutes. Garnish with basil and cheese., ingredients: [1 cup dried cannellini or Great Northern beans, soaked, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, minced, 1 celery stalk, minced, 1 carrot, minced, 12 pound smoked ham, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, including liquid, 4 cups beef stock, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon, dried, 1 bay leaf, Pepper to taste, Rind from a piece of Parmesan cheese, 23 cup dried small pasta, such as shells or elbows, Minced fresh basil and freshly grated Parmesan for garnish, if desired], title: Pasta e Fagioli Beans and Pasta Soup, picturelink: null}, 43033: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nWith the tip of a paring knife, make ten 34inchdeep slits on each side of the roast. Insert a garlic clove half into each slit. Season the meat all over with the salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat until shimmering. Gently set the roast in it and sear all over, turning with tongs, until well browned, about 14 minutes. Remove the meat from the pan to a plate.nAdd the carrots, onions and bay leaves to the pan and cook for 2 minutes. Add the wine and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring up the crispy bits at the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, until the wine is reduced by half. Return the roast to the pot, laying it on top of the vegetables. Add enough chicken stock to cover the roast by threequarters. Cover and roast for 1 hour 30 minutes.nFlip the meat over and add the potatoes. Cover and continue cooking until the potatoes are tender but not mushy and the meat is fallapart tender, 45 minutes more, depending on the thickness of the roast.nRemove the roast and vegetables to a platter. Season the meat with additional salt. Pour the sauce into a gravy boat and pass with the meat and vegetables., ingredients: [2 to 2 12 pounds beef chuck roast, 10 cloves garlic, halved, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 carrots, cut into large bitesize chunks, 2 onions, thickly sliced, 2 bay leaves, 4 cups dry white wine 1 bottle, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 1 12 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces], title: SetItandForgetIt Pot Roast, picturelink: H6A3ekNg2g91NWGCTzlkSZjNZ0m851S}, 43034: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Pulse the onion, parsley, cilantro, tarragon, 2 tablespoons dill, the walnuts and garlic in a food processor. Add 3 tablespoons olive oil, the vinegar, 2 teaspoons salt, and pepper to taste pulse until smooth.nStir half of the herb paste with the yogurt in a small bowl cover and refrigerate.nSeason the chicken inside and out with salt and pepper. Loosen the skin with your fingers rub some of the remaining herb paste under the skin and the rest on the outside of the bird. Truss the chicken. Place in a roasting pan roast until the skin turns golden, about 30 minutes.nReduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees. Toss the tomatoes with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Baste the chicken with the drippings and add the tomatoes, cutside down, to the pan. Continue roasting until a thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the thigh registers 155 degrees, about 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper let the chicken rest 10 minutes before carving.nArrange the chicken and tomatoes on a platter sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons dill. Serve with the yogurt sauce.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [12 medium red onion, roughly chopped, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh tarragon, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh dill, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 3 cloves garlic, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup plain yogurt, 1 6 to 7pound roasting chicken, 2 pounds plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise], title: HerbRoasted Chicken with Melted Tomatoes, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 43035: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water by about 2 inches. Season with salt. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer until just tender, about 6 minutes. Drain and set aside.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat and 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.nWipe out the skillet and return to mediumhigh heat. Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons bacon fat and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Add the potatoes, season with salt and pepper to taste, and arrange in a single layer. Cook, without stirring, until well browned on one side, about 8 minutes. Using a spatula, turn the potatoes in small sections, and continue cooking, turning occasionally, until wellbrowned, about 12 minutes. Stir in the onions, heat through, and sprinkle with the cayenne, if desired. Transfer to a warm platter and serve.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [4 russet potatoes about 2 pounds, peeled and cut into a 34inch dice, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons rendered bacon fat, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, like soy, peanut, or corn, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper optional], title: Homefries, picturelink: null}, 43036: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard cupcake or muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners.nFor the snickerdoodle cookie: In a small bowl, combine the allpurpose flour, cream of tartar, baking soda and salt and set aside. With a hand mixer, beat the granulated sugar, butter and egg together until creamy. Add the flour mixture and mix until fully incorporated.nPut the cinnamon sugar on a small plate. Scoop about a tablespoon of the batter into the cinnamon sugar mixture and roll around to coat in the sugar. Drop into one of the cupcake liners and flatten the dough repeat to fill the remaining 11 cupcake liners. Set aside.nFor remainder of the cookie dough, scoop teaspoonfuls of the dough onto baking sheets. Bake until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Cool completely.nFor the cake batter: Combine the cake flour, cinnamon, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a small bowl and set aside. Combine the granulated sugar, butter and honey in the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment and mix on medium until the mixture is creamy. While the mixer is running, add the eggs and yolks one at a time, thoroughly mixing after each egg. Alternate adding the flour mixture and the sour cream, ending with the flour. Mix on medium until the ingredients are all fully incorporated.nFill the liners on top of the cookie dough threequarters full with the cupcake batter. Bake until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely before frosting.nFor the mint tea: Add the mint leaves and sugar to 1 cup boiling water and let steep for 5 minutes. Strain out the mint and set aside to cool completely.nFor the cinnamon honey glaze: Put the butter in a small bowl and stir in the honey and cinnamon sugar until smooth.nFor the mint buttercream: Combine the granulated sugar, salt and egg whites in the bowl of a heavyduty stand mixer. Set the bowl over a medium saucepan of gently simmering water, and whisk until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is frothy and smooth and reaches 160 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the bowl to the mixer and beat on high speed with a whisk attachment until the mixture has cooled completely and formed stiff and glossy peaks, about 7 minutes. With the mixer running, add the butter one piece at a time. Continue beating until all of the butter is incorporated and the mixture looks smooth. Add the cooled mint tea, confectioners sugar and mint extract. With the paddle attachment, beat until fully incorporated and smooth.nTo assemble: Brush some of the cinnamon honey glaze on top of each cupcake, frost with mint buttercream and top with a mini snickerdoodle., ingredients: [1 14 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup granulated sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick salted butter, 1 egg, 14 cup cinnamon sugar, 1 14 cups cake flour, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup granulated sugar, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks salted butter, softened, 12 cup honey, 2 eggs plus 2 egg yolks, 1 cup sour cream, 1 ounce fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon cinnamon sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 egg whites, 18 tablespoons 2 14 sticks salted butter, softened and cut into pieces, 1 cup cooled mint tea, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons pure mint extract], title: Cinnamon, Honey and Mint Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 43037: {instructions: Place the ice cream and vanilla extract in a blender. While the motor is running, slowly add the milk and halfandhalf. Blend until thoroughly combined. Pour into an ice cream parlor glass and serve., ingredients: [1 quart vanilla ice cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup milk, 1 cup halfandhalf], title: Vanilla Milkshake, picturelink: null}, 43038: {instructions: In a small dish, combine flour and pepper. Lightly coat chicken in flour, shaking off any excess. Set aside. Heat olive oil in large fry pan over medium heat. Add chicken and cook for about 5 minutes on each side or until golden. Remove chicken and set aside. Add onion and lemon juice to pan and cook for about 2 minutes, stirring often. Add garlic, vegetable broth, capers, lemon zest and sugar and cook for about 2 minutes more. Reduce heat to low return chicken to pan. Cover with a lid and simmer for about 10 minutes, turning chicken once. Be careful not to boil. Add parsley and Benefiberu00ae, mixing well.nRead product label before recipe preparation., ingredients: [13 cup allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 46 ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 12 cups vegetable broth, 4 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon sugar, 3 tablespoons parsley, chopped, 2 tablespoons Benefiberu00ae Powder], title: Lemon Caper Chicken, picturelink: null}, 43039: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix together the yogurt, sambal, garlic, ginger, honey, soy, black pepper and lemon juice. Mix chicken in the bowl and let marinate at least 4 hours, preferable overnight. In another large bowl, mix together the panko, togarashi, paprika, sesame seeds and cumin. Pull the chicken out of the marinade and season lightly with salt. Place chicken in panko bowl and completely coat the chicken. Heat oil to 350 degrees and fry until brown. May have to do heat transfer on the larger pieces, Pulling the chicken out of the fryer and resting for 3 to 5 minutes, before finishing the frying. Drain on paper towels and season again lightly with salt.nIn a food processor add the Dijon and egg yolks and season. While running on high speed, slowly drizzle in the oil in the beginning to emulsify then pour the rest in. Add the mustard seeds and lemon juice, pulse to mix and check for seasoning. Toss the 2 cabbages, scallions and 12 of the dressing. Add more dressing if needed and let slaw sit 30 minutes in the refrigerator before serving.nPLATING On a huge platter, pile the slaw in the middle and surround with chicken. MunchnBEVERAGE House made lemonade spritzer 2 parts lemon juice, 1 part lime juice, 1 part sugar, 3 parts soda water, serve on ice., ingredients: [4 chicken legs, rinsed and patted dry, 4 chicken thighs, rinsed and patted dry, 4 breasts with the wing attached, rinsed and patted dry, 4 cups yogurt may substitute with buttermilk, 14 cup sambal, 2 tablespoons garlic, finely minced, 1 tablespoon ginger, finely minced, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup naturally brewed soy sauce, 1 tablespoon coarse ground black pepper, 2 lemons, juiced, 3 cups panko bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon togarashi, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin, Salt for seasoning, Canola oil for frying, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 egg yolks, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 1 cup canola oil, 2 teaspoons mustard seed soaked in the juice of 2 lemons, 1 hour, 1 head cabbage, decored and shredded, 12 head red cabbage, decored and shredded, 12 cup sliced green scallions], title: Spicy Fried Chicken with Dijon Slaw, picturelink: null}, 43040: {instructions: Remove the sausage from the casing. Place in a large soup pot or Dutch oven. Turn heat to medium, cook, stirring constantly until browned, about 5 to 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels to remove excess fat. Add onions, fennel, garlic and fennel seeds, toss to combine. Cover and cook, stirring every few minutes until fennel and onions begin to soften, about 12 to 15 minutes. At this point remove 12 of the mixture and reserve it for the Pasta Morph.nAdd chicken broth and tomatoes to the remaining sausagefennel mixture. Break tomatoes apart with spoon. Bring to a boil, add pasta. Bring back to boil again, reduce to a strong simmer. Cook 8 minutes or until pasta is almost done. Add cannelinni beans and parsley. Cook until flavors have come together and pasta is cooked through. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nToss the pasta and reserved sausage mixture in a large bowl. Add heated pasta water, a little at a time, until a sauce consistency is achieved. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Top with bread crumbs and cheese., ingredients: [1 pound Italian sausage, 2 medium onions, peeled and cut into chunks, 2 small fennel bulbs, fennel fronds removed, cored, and thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon fennel seed, 4 cups low sodium chicken broth, 1 14ounce can Italian plum tomatoes and their juice, 1 cup uncooked small pasta such as tubetinni, 1 14ounce can canellinni beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup loosely packed, roughly chopped Italian parsley leaves, Coarse ground salt and cracked pepper, Pasta Morph, recipe follows, 1 pound pasta, cooked to al dente, reserve 1 cup cooking water, Reserved sausage, onion, and fennel mixture, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 12 cup unseasoned bread crumbs, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan], title: Italian Sausage Soup Supper and Pasta Morph, picturelink: null}, 43041: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Fill a medium bowl with water and add the lemon juice. Set aside. With a sharp, serrated knife, cut about 12 inch off the medium ones. Pull off and discard the tough, green outer leaves to expose the pale green hearts. Trim the dark stem end of each artichoke. Quarter the small artichoke hearts, or cut the medium hearts lengthwise into 8 wedges. With a small spoon or your fingers, scrape out any prickly inner leaves. As you work, drop the artichokes into the lemon water to prevent browning.nSpread the bread crumbs in a single layer on a lightcolored baking sheet a dark surface tends to overbrown them. Toast in the oven until lightly browned, stirring once or twice, 3 to 5 minutes. Set aside. Set oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nIn a large nonstick skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring often, for 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring constantly, 2 minutes. Add the toasted bread crumbs and stir well to combine. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the olives, parsley, salt, and pepper, stirring well to combine. Set aside.nBrush a shallow 12 X 8inch baking dish with half the remaining oil. Drain the artichokes and pat dry with paper towels. Arrange onethird of the onion mixture in the prepared dish. Spread half the drained artichokes over the onion mixture. Repeat, ending with the remaining third of the onion mixture. Pour the broth carefully around the edges of the dish. Season the top lightly with salt and pepper, then drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil.nCover the baking dish tightly with foil and bake for 20 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Cook until artichokes are almost cooked through and tender, about 10 minutes for the small, 15 to 20 minutes for the medium. Uncover the dish and bake for 10 minutes, or until the artichokes are tender when pierced with the tip of a sharp knife and the top is browned. If the mixture appears too dry, add more broth as necessary around the edges of the dish. Let cool slightly. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 small eggsize artichokes or 6 medium globe artichokes about 6 ounces each, 1 cup soft plain white bread crumbs, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 medium onions about 6 ounces each, thinly sliced, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup Nicoise or other goodquality black olives, pitted and chopped, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 cup lowsodium canned vegetable broth reduced over high heat to 13 cup], title: Gratin of Young Artichokes and Olives, picturelink: null}, 43042: {instructions: Mix together the soda, liqueur and aperitif wine in a rocks glass over ice and garnish with a slice of orange and a mint sprig., ingredients: [4 ounces very cold orange soda, such as Aranciata, 12 ounce bitter orange liqueur, such as Aperol, 12 ounce French aperitif wine, such as Lillet Blanc, Ice, for serving, Orange slice, Fresh sprig mint], title: Citronata, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 43043: {instructions: Separate dulse fronds and rinse in 1 cup of chilled kelp stock for 15 to 20 seconds. Squeeze out moisture and place in a deep bowl. Mix the seasoned rice wine vinegar, mirin, soy sauce and dashi and pour over the separated dulse fronds. Mix all together for one minute or so. Divide into four chilled dishes and sprinkle the kelp cayenne sea seasoning over the top. Serve immediately. This salad has a wonderful ocean brine aroma. Great with smoked fish., ingredients: [1 cup chilled kelp dashi stock, 1 ounce Dulse Maine Coast Sea Vegetables, 1 teaspoon seasoned rice wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon mirin, 14 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon kelp sauce, 12 teaspoon kelp cayenne sea seasoning optional], title: Dulse Salad, picturelink: null}, 43044: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9by4inch loaf pan with cooking spray.nCombine the bananas, eggs, sugar, coconut oil, yogurt, and rum and vanilla extracts in a bowl.nIn another, larger bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt.nMake a well in the center of the dry ingredients. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir until the flour is incorporated and batter is smooth. Pour the batter into the prepared loaf pan and bake until golden brown and a skewer inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and set aside while you make the glaze.nMelt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the brown sugar and 12 cup water and stir. Cook until the sugar dissolves, and then continue cooking another 3 to 5 minutes over low heat until the mixture bubbles around the edges. Turn off the heat and carefully in case it flames stir in the rum and the orange zest.nSlowly pour half of the glaze over the banana bread, allowing it to seep into all the surfaces. Wait until the glaze has been absorbed, about 30 minutes, and then turn the loaf out of the pan.nSlice and serve with vanilla ice cream, if using, and the remaining glaze., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for greasing, 4 mediumripe bananas, mashed 1 23 cups, 2 eggs, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup coconut oil, melted, 3 tablespoons plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon rum extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup spiced rum, 1 teaspoon orange zest, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, optional], title: Bananas Foster Bread, picturelink: Hxx6cHBHfd8TOjOoX5O4tDggruAQne.}, 43045: {instructions: For the Flourless Chocolate Cake: Heat the oven at 350 degrees F. .nCut the chocolate into small pieces. Bring the water and 4 ounces of sugar to a boil. Remove from heat and add the chocolate. Slowly mix in pieces of the butter until fully incorporated. Set aside. In a mixer, whip the eggs and 2 ounces of sugar on high speed until light and airy but not to full volume. When the chocolate is warm fold it gently into the egg mixture. Pour batter over a half sheet pan that is lined with a silpat or with parchment paper. Bake until the cake is firm and slightly spongy in the center. Remove from oven and let cool at room temperature then transfer to the refrigerator. Cut around the edges of the cake. Carefully turn it out onto an inverted half sheet pan and peel back the silpat. With a small ring mold roughly 2 inches in diameter cut disks out of the cake. Return disks to the refrigerator. .nFor the Macadamia Nut Ice Cream: Toast the macadamia nuts on a sheet pan in a 300 degree F oven until deep golden brown. Grind the nuts in a food processor adding a 13 cup of milk to make a paste. Add the vanilla bean to the remaining milk and bring to a simmer. Add the nut paste, cover, and let steep for 1 hour. Whip the yolks and sugar until they form a ribbon when pulled with the whip. Bring the milk mixture back to simmering. Strain through cheesecloth. Squeeze the lump of ground nuts through the cheesecloth to extract as much milk as possible. Cut the vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape the seeds into the milk mixture. Slowly stir the hot milk mixture into the eggs. Cook the mixture in a bainmaire until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Stir in the cream. Let stand at room temperature for 1 hour, cover and cool in the refrigerator overnight. Turn the mix in an ice cream freezer. Spoon into a quart container, cover, and freeze overnight.nFor the Italian Meringue: Put the egg whites in a very clean mixer bowl with a whip attachment. Boil the light corn syrup, sugar and water in a small saucepot with a candy thermometer attached. When the mixture reaches 230 degrees F start the mixer at high speed. See that the whites do not pass medium peaks before the syrup mixture reaches 240 degrees. When the syrup reaches 240 degrees F remove it from the stove. Turn the mixer down to medium and slowly drizzle the syrup into the egg whites towards the edge of the bowl. Try to get it between the whip and the bowl to avoid splattering. When all of the syrup has been added turn the mixer back up to high speed and whip until the mixture cools. Placing a bowl of ice under the mixer bowl will speed this process up. Transfer to container and refrigerate. For this dish the meringue is best served cool but not cold. For the Amaretto Sauce: Combine the Amaretto and sugar in a saucepot and bring to a boil. Use caution, as the mixture will become very flammable when hot. Continue to boil the mixture for 10 or 15 minutes up to 45 depending on heat of the stove until the mixture reaches syrup consistency. It will have a very tight bubble and will be thick. Remove from heat. Add the mascarpone a spoonful at a time stirring constantly with a spoon. Transfer to a squeeze bottle or a container with a lid. Let cool to room temperature and store in the refrigerator. Bring sauce to room temperature before serving. If consistency is too thick warm the sauce slightly or cool if too thin.nFor the Chambord Sauce: Put raspberries, blackberries, sugar, and lemon juice in a saucepot. Bring to a low boil. Cook mixture, stirring often, until it gets thick and syruplike. The liquid portion of the mixture should coat the back of a spoon when ready. Let cool for about 5 minutes before mixing in the Chambord. Force the mixture through a fine sieve. Transfer to a squeeze bottle or small container. Let cool to room temperature and then refrigerate. Its best served cold. If mixture is too thick add a little water or more Chambord. To assemble: Spoon some of the meringue into a large pastry bag. Place a chocolate cake disk in the center of each plate. Top with a 2ounce scoop of ice cream. Pipe the meringue around the cake and ice cream. Pipe the meringue on the plate just touching the outer rim of the cake. Work your way up around the ice cream and then to a tip on top. Once all plates have meringue, use a blowtorch to carefully brown the meringue. Spoon or pipe the sauce onto the plate around the Baked Alaska. Serve quickly as the ice cream will be starting to melt., ingredients: [9 ounces sweet dark chocolate, 12 cup water, 4 ounces sugar plus 2 ounces sugar, 7 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 4 eggs, 34 pound raw unsalted macadamia nuts, 1 pint milk, 1 vanilla bean, 6 egg yolks, 7 ounces sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup egg whites, 12 cup light corn syrup, 12 ounces sugar, 12 cup water, 1 bottle amaretto, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup mascarpone, 8 ounces raspberries fresh or thawed, 8 ounces blackberries fresh or thawed, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 ounces Chambord], title: Baked Alaska, picturelink: null}, 43046: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhipped cream or ice cream, for servingnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFilling:nCombine all of the ingredients in a large bowl and stir to be sure everything is well combined. Spoon the filling into 8 individual ramekins or 1 wide shallow baking dish.nTopping:nIn a food processor combine the flour, oats and brown sugar and pulse to combine. Add the butter, vanilla and salt and pulse pulse pulse until the mixture looks dry and crumbly. Add 1 tablespoon of water and pulse until the mixture starts to come together and look crumbly. If the mixture still seems dry add 1 more tablespoon of water and pulse to combine.nCrumble the topping over the filling. Bake in the preheated oven until the filling is hot and bubbly all the way through and the topping looks crispy and light brown, about 25 to 30 minutes. Serve warm with whipped cream or ice cream.nIts berry delicious, ingredients: [1 quart strawberries, stemmed and quartered, 4 stalks rhubarb, cut into 12inch lengths, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 14 cups wholewheat flour, 12 cup rolled oats, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 14 sticks butter, cut into peasized pieces, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 1 to 2 tablespoons water], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Crisp, picturelink: LtZuaHrBOfWIOBc5xdmXoL7jggIiQG}, 43047: {instructions: Chop mushrooms or chilies in a food processor until fine.Place in a pot with the oil and heat until mixture begins to bubble. Let cook 1015 seconds and remove from heat. Swirl until just warm. Strain into a bowl through 4 layers of cheesecloth. Squeeze well to extract as much oil as possible. Pour into a sterilized jar or bottle, seal tightly, refrigerate and use within one week for best flavor., ingredients: [4 fresh hot chilies unseeded or 8 dried chilies of single type or mix for complex flavors or 1oz. dried mushrooms such as porcini or shiitake, 1 cup olive oil], title: Chili Oil or Dried Mushroom Oil, picturelink: null}, 43048: {instructions: Special equipment: an instantread or candy thermometer, an ice cream maker, a spray bottle and two 6cavity 4ounce pyramid molds or an 8inch springform pannFor the bittersorange marmalade ice cream: Combine the cream, milk, sugar and salt in a saucepan. Cook over medium heat until the temperature reaches 140 degrees F.nMeanwhile, whisk the eggs in a small bowl until well blended.nWhen the milk mixture reaches 140 degrees F, whisk in the eggs and continue cooking, stirring constantly, until the temperature reaches 170 degrees F. Pour through a finemesh sieve into a clean bowl. Whisk in the marmalade, bitters and orange zest. Refrigerate until chilled, 2 to 4 hours and up to overnight.nFreeze the cold base in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Hold in the freezer until ready to serve.nFor the cherryorange sauce: Combine the cherries, orange zest and juice, sugar, bitters and salt in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer and cook until reduced and slightly thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool to room temperature, then puree in a blender until completely smooth.nFor the candied orange zest: Bring a small pot of water to a boil. Using a vegetable peeler, peel the zest from the oranges and cut into very fine julienne. Blanch the zest in the boiling water. Remove with a slotted spoon, discard the water and bring a fresh batch of water to a boil. Blanch the orange zest a second time.nMeanwhile, combine the sugar, whiskey, bitters and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer, stirring to make sure that the sugar is completely dissolved.nAfter blanching the zest a second time, transfer it to the simmering simple syrup. Simmer until translucent, 20 to 30 minutes.nFor the bitters salt: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nCombine the salt and bitters in a plastic container with a lid and shake well until the salt is completely coated. Pour the salt on a parchmentlined baking sheet and bake until dried, about 20 minutes. Set aside.nFor the cake: Raise the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Spray two 6cavity 4ounce pyramid molds or an 8inch springform pan with baking spraynHeat the chocolate and butter in a saucepan over low heat until melted, then stir in the sugar and mix until well combined. Whisk in the eggs until just mixed. Add the flour and mix until just combined.nScoop the batter into the prepared molds and bake for 20 minutes 20 to 25 minutes for the springform pan. The cakes will not look done, but will firm up on cooling.nFor the whiskeybitters spray: While the cakes are baking, combine the whiskey and bitters in a clean spray bottle.nAs soon as the cakes come out of the oven, spray the tops with the bitters spray. Let the cakes cool slightly, 3 to 5 minutes, then remove them from the molds and let cool for 15 to 20 minutes. Spray the cakes 3 more times as they cool. Dust the cooled cakes with cocoa powdernPlace the cakes onto serving plates and sprinkle each with some of the bitters salt. Spoon some cherryorange sauce onto each plate next to the cake, then place some of the candied orange zest next to the sauce. Serve with the bittersorange marmalade ice cream., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups milk, 1 cup sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 3 large eggs, 1 cup orange marmalade, 2 teaspoons aromatic bitters, Zest of 1 orange, 3 cups frozen pitted sweet cherries, Zest of 1 orange plus 1 cup orange juice, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons aromatic bitters, Pinch kosher salt, 2 oranges, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons whiskey, 1 teaspoon aromatic bitters, 14 cup flaked sea salt, 1 teaspoon aromatic bitters, Nonstick baking spray, for spraying the molds, 1 12 cups chopped bittersweet chocolate, 14 tablespoons 1 34 sticks unsalted butter, 1 13 cups sugar, 5 large eggs, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Cocoa powder, for dusting, 1 cup whiskey, 2 teaspoons aromatic bitters], title: Whiskey and BittersInfused Chocolate Cake with BittersOrange Marmalade Ice Cream, picturelink: RV9fAirtvwd9LTlHRxgHHDtaI6Sbe}, 43049: {instructions: Bring the cream to a simmer in a large saucepan. Add the cauliflower and simmer until the cauliflower is tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Drain, reserving both the cauliflower and the cream. Chill the cream.nPlace half the bay scallops, egg, Worcestershire, and hot pepper sauce in food processor and blend until all ingredients are incorporated. Add cream used for cooking cauliflower, steeped saffron and steeping liquid, and blend thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper.nSet up a bamboo stovetop steamer and heat over simmering water.nLine a small teacup with cauliflower florets and fill with saffron mousse. Steam for 8 to 10 minutes, cool and invert onto a plate.nIn a hot pan add olive oil, the remaining half pound of bay scallops, leeks, and fennel and toss quickly. Season with salt and pepper. Place on plate next to cauliflower. Garnish with baby greens., ingredients: [24 ounces cream, 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets, 1 pound bay scallops, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon hot pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 tablespoon saffron steeped in 2 ounces white wine, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, 1 leek washed, thinly sliced, 4 baby fennel, cleaned, thinly sliced, 4 cups baby greens], title: Cauliflower Stuffed with Saffron and Scallop Mousse, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 43050: {instructions: Form 1 pound ground beef into 4 patties. Place on heated grill pan. Cook for 5 minutes. Turn and cook for 3 more minutes. Place 1 slice cheese on each burger. Continue to cook for 2 more minutes or until cheese melts. Serve with Basil Mayonnaise and Tomato SalsanPlace all ingredients in a blender. Puree until smooth.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl. Let stand for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 4 slices mozzarella, Basil Mayonnaise:, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, Salt and pepper, Tomato Salsa:, 2 tomatoes, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 12 cup pimento olives, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Mozzarella Cheeseburgers with Basil Mayonnaise and Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 43051: {instructions: Cut the 2 ounces dough in half, shape each half into a 9 to 10inch rope with your palms, and flatten the ropes slightly. Place the ropes in the tart shell, one across the other at right angles, so that the shell is divided into 4 equal quadrants. Spoon the raspberry and apricot preserves, pastry cream, and cherries each separately into 1 quadrant. Brush the dough with the egg.nBaking: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake until light golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Immediately brush the fruit with the glaze. Let cool, to room temperature, on a rack.nBy Mixer:nCream the butter and the sugar in a mixer bowl with the paddle until pale and creamy. Add the egg, egg yolk, vanilla, and lemon juice, 1 at a time, mixing thoroughly after each addition. Add the flour and salt and mix until the dough comes together and is consistent but still soft. Be careful not to overmix or the pastry will be tough.nAt this point you may pat the dough into place in a buttered tart pan and bake it immediately after chilling. Otherwise, divide it into thirds or halves, depending on the size tart you are planning, or flatten the whole amount into a 4 to 5inch disk.nChilling: Wrap the dough with plastic wrap or aluminum foil, and refrigerate at least 1 hour but no longer than 1 day.nShaping: Let the dough stand at room temperature for 30 to 45 minutes before rolling it out. Knead the dough briefly on a lightly floured surface to loosen it and make it supple enough for shaping. Roll the dough out 14 to 38 inch thick with a rolling pin and ease the dough into a lightly buttered pan. Trim the edge by running the rolling pin or a dough scraper over the edge of the pan to cut the dough neatly and then tidy the edge with your fingers.nFor 1 9inch tart shell, use 9 to 10 ounces 250 to 300 grams dough and roll into a circle. Line a buttered 9inch tart pan with the dough.nStorage: Store the remaining unrolled dough, including all scraps which may be used again, in the refrigerator for 1 to 3 days or the freezer up to 1 month. Let frozen dough thaw in the refrigerator for 24 hours before rolling it out.nResting: Refrigerate the doughlined pan for 20 to 30 minutes to reduce shrinking when the pastry is baked.nBaking. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor partially baked shells: Line each shell with aluminum foil and fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake until set, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and let cool 5 to 10 minutes. Place the tart pan on top of a smaller can, such as a coffee can, and gently release the side of the pan from the baked tart crust. Let cool completely on a rack.nSlowly heat the milk, 1 teaspoon of the sugar, and the lemon zest in the top of a double boiler over simmering water or in a small heavy saucepan over low heat. Meanwhile, whisk the remaining sugar, the egg yolks, and salt in a small bowl until thick but still golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Sift in the flour, a little at a time, whisking briskly to mix thoroughly. Whisk 14 cup of the boiling milk mixture. 1 tablespoon at a time, into the egg mixture then pour the egg mixture into the remaining milk mixture. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. As it begins to reach a boil and look lumpy, whisk it vigorously to smooth it. When the cream is as thick as mayonnaise, reduce the heat and whisk or stir for another minute. Remove from the heat and discard the lemon zest. Beat in the vanilla and then the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time. Cool the cream quickly by placing the pan in a bowl of cold water or by spreading the cream out on 2 baking sheets. Smear a little butter on top and cover tightly with plastic wrap so that the cream doesnt develop a skin. Cool completely in the refrigerator. You may want to thin it with 1 or 2 tablespoons milk before using. This pastry cream will keep 4 to 5 days in the refrigerator or in the freezer up to 2 months.nHeat the preserves and water in a small heavy saucepan over moderate heat until the mixture comes to a boil and strain through a sieve. Use the glaze while it is still warm. Any leftover glaze will keep indefinitely in a covered jar heat again before using., ingredients: [2 ounces 60 grams Pasta Frolla dough, recipe follows, 9 inch partially baked tart shell, recipe follows, 12 cup raspberry preserves or jam, 12 cup apricot preserves or jam, 1 cup Pastry Cream, recipe follows, 30 to 35 preserved amarena cherries, 1 egg, beaten, 13 cup apricot glaze, recipe follows, 12 cup 100 grams sugar, 1 34 sticks 200 grams unsalted butter, at cool room temperature and malleable, 1 egg, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice or 12 teaspoon lemon extract or grated zest of 1 lemon, 2 14 cups 300 grams allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 13 ounces milk, 14 cup plus 1 teaspoon 55 grams sugar, 1 12 fine strips lemon zest, 4 egg yolks, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup 35 grams unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 to 1 tablespoon vanilla extract or 34 teaspoon vanilla and 1 12 to 2 tablespoons rum, 1 12 tablespoons 22.5 grams unsalted butter, 23 cup bestquality apricot jam or preserves, 2 to 4 teaspoons water or fresh lemon juice], title: Four Seasons Tart from Lake Como: Crostata di Quattro Stagioni, picturelink: YIWFmTPkkjHNRogdEuMv5.vFYlYEUi}, 43052: {instructions: Combine the olives, tomatoes, olive oil, pine nuts, lemon juice, pepper, lemon slices, garlic, scallions and onions in an airtight container with a lid. Marinate for 8 hours or up to 7 days to allow the flavors to develop. Add shaved Parmesan just before serving.nServe alongside antipasti platter and crostini., ingredients: [3 to 4 cups mixed olives, drained, 1 pint grape tomatoes, sliced in half lengthwise, 14 cup pine nuts, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 5 lemon slices, halved, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, Shaved Parmesan, for serving, Serving suggestions: antipasti platter and crostini.], title: Marinated Olive and Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 43053: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix eggs and brown sugar until well combined. Add buttermilk, water and brewed coffee, and stir to combine. In another large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cloves, cinnamon, ginger, and nutmeg. Add the liquid ingredients to the flour mixture and stir just until combined. Stir in the melted butter.nGrease a griddle or heavy skillet. Heat griddle or skillet over mediumhigh heat and then add the batter, by ladlefuls. Cook until little bubbles appear around the edges of the pancake, and then flip. Cook on the second side until golden brown and cooked through in the middle. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 eggs, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup water, 14 cup brewed coffee, 2 12 cups white unbleached flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon ground nutmeg, 4 tablespoons butter or margarine, melted], title: Magnolia Cafes Gingerbread Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 43054: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 wooden skewersnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice the tops of the peppers off and discard the tops but keep the membranes. Place the scallops inside the peppers. Starting at one end, roll each pepper in 1 slice of bacon. Skewer the dragon toe through the center, placing 3 toes per skewer.nRoast in the oven for 12 minutes., ingredients: [24 habanero peppers, 24 scallops, muscles removed, 24 slices bacon], title: Dragon Toes, picturelink: 9eiZBZ28DsEtgtpC.Q3hO2K1uE3CS}, 43055: {instructions: SPRINKLE chicken with salt brush with 2 tsp. of the dressing.nHEAT nonstick skillet on mediumhigh heat. Add chicken cook 2 min. on each side or until browned on both sides. Reduce heat to mediumlow cover. Cook 5 min. or until chicken is cooked through 170F, turning occasionally. Slice chicken.nARRANGE lettuce, oranges, peas, chicken, almonds and carrots on two serving plates. Drizzle with remaining dressing., ingredients: [1 small boneless skinless chicken breast half 4 oz., 18 tsp. salt, 14 cup KRAFT Asian Toasted Sesame Dressing, divided, 2 cups torn salad greens, 1 small navel orange, peeled, sliced, 12 cup diagonally cut snow peas, 1 Tbsp. PLANTERS Slivered Almonds, toasted, 1 small carrot, cut into matchsticks], title: Fresh Asian Chicken Salad, picturelink: VMAPAxiOVwwwzC37TVhugzCQYx6I6m}, 43056: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a blender or small food processor puree 14 cup parsley with 14 cup oil. Pour mixture through a fine sieve set over a bowl, pressing hard on solids, and discard solids.nIn a small baking pan toast pine nuts and cumin seeds, stirring occasionally, until nuts are golden, about 10 minutes.nIn a colander rinse and drain chickpeas and in a food processor puree 12 cup with garlic until garlic is finely minced. Add tahini, water, lemon juice, salt, remaining chickpeas, and remaining 12 cup olive oil and puree until smooth. Recipe may be prepared up to this point 3 days ahead. Keep hummus and parsley oil chilled, covered, and pine nuts and cumin seeds in an airtight container at room temperature. Bring parsley oil to room temperature before using.nStrip leaves from additional parsley sprigs. Divide hummus between 2 shallow dishes and smooth tops. Drizzle hummus with parsley oil and sprinkle with parsley, pine nuts, and cumin seeds.nServe hummus with toasted pita chips., ingredients: [14 cup packed fresh flatleafed parsley sprigs plus 2 to 3 additional sprigs, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 19ounce cans chickpeas, 4 garlic cloves, 23 cup wellstirred tahini Middle Eastern sesame paste, 23 cup water, 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, Accompaniment: Toasted pita chips], title: Hummus with Toasted Pine Nuts, Cumin Seeds, and Parsley Oil, picturelink: null}, 43057: {instructions: Special equipment: 1inch and 2inch round cuttersnBring the milk to a simmer in a 1quart heavy saucepan, then remove from the heat and stir in the sugar and salt. Pour into a large bowl and let cool slightly.nWhile the milk is cooling, dissolve the yeast in 2 tablespoons warm water in a small bowl, stirring. Let stand for 5 minutes.nStir the yeast mixture into the milk mixture along with the oil, lemon zest and eggs. Stir in 2 12 cups of the flour with a wooden spoon to make a very soft dough. Spread 1 cup of the flour on a work surface and put the dough on top, scraping it from the bowl with a rubber spatula. Knead the dough for about 5 minutes, incorporating all of the flour from the work surface and adding just enough additional flour if necessary the dough should be slightly sticky. Transfer the dough to an oiled large bowl and sprinkle lightly with additional flour. Cover the bowl with a clean kitchen towel and let the dough rise in a warm draftfree place until doubled in bulk, 1 to 1 12 hours.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface and roll out with a floured rolling pin until 1 inch thick. Cut out rounds with a 2inch cutter. To make ring shapes, cut out doughnut holes with a 1inch cutter. Place on a baking sheet, cover the doughnuts with another kitchen towel and let rise in a warm place for 30 minutes.nWhile the doughnuts rise, heat about 10 cups vegetable oil in a deep 4quart pot until it registers 365 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Fry the doughnuts 2 at a time, turning once or twice, until puffed and golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per batch. Transfer to paper towels to drain., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, One 14ounce package active dry yeast 2 12 teaspoons, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for oiling and frying, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 3 12 to 3 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for sprinkling and flouring], title: Plain Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 43058: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish with vegetable oil. Place squash cut side up in prepared dish. Pierce each squash half several times with toothpick or skewer. Bake until squash is tender, about 45 minutes.nWhile the squash is cooking, use a handheld mixer with the chopping attachment to pulse the cookies until roughly chopped. Set aside.nIn a large pot, bring the olive oil up to almost smoking. Quickly cook the sage leaves until crisp. Remove and reserve the sage, and saute the sliced onion. When the squash is done cooking, using a large spoon, scrape squash into the pot discard peel. Add 3 12 cups chicken stock and nutmeg and puree until smooth, add additional stock to reach desired consistency. Stir soup over medium heat until heated through. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls. Top with crushed amaretti garnish with sage leaves., ingredients: [2 2 pound butternut squash, halved lengthwise, seeded, Vegetable oil, 14 pound amaretti cookies, 12 cup olive oil, 14 bunch fresh sage, 1 onion, sliced thin, 4 cups chicken stock, either homemade or storebought, Pinch of grated nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Butternut Squash Soup with Amaretti Cookies, picturelink: JpVcDRLUtj6fG3BVs6PzrSSE05m}, 43059: {instructions: Remove ducks legs and breasts, saving remaining bones and wings for brown duck stock. Leaving bones and skin attached, chop breasts into halves. With a cleaver, remove tips of drumsticks to use in stock.nSprinkle all over with salt and pepper, and set aside at room temperature 45 minutes. Then place duck pieces in a Dutch oven with rendered fat, garlic and thyme. Cook over low heat, uncovered, 1 12 to 2 hours. To test for doneness, pierce with a sharp fork. It should just fall off fork when shaken.nTransfer duck pieces to a medium baking dish and add the fat. Let cool to room temperature, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least 24 hours or as long as 4 weeks. Before serving, lift duck pieces out of fat. Remove and discard skin and any excess fat by warming slightly on a rack in the oven. Serve duck hot or cold., ingredients: [2 5 pound ducks, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, cracked, 6 cups rendered duck or pork fat, 12 garlic cloves, peeled, 12 fresh thyme sprigs], title: Duck Confit, picturelink: null}, 43060: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl combine all the ingredients. Stir and refrigerate until use. Best if used the same day it is made., ingredients: [1 cup peeled, diced cherimoya, 1 cup peeled and diced papaya, 1 cup peeled, seed removed, and diced mango, 1 cup pineapple chunks, grilled, 1 cup peeled, pitted, diced avocado, preserved by squeezing a lime over it to prevent browning, 1 cup diced star fruit, 1 cup peeled, diced kiwi, 1 12 cups small diced white onion, 2 red Thai chile, stem removed, diced small, 1 red jalapeno, stem and seeds removed, diced small, 12 cup roughly chopped cilantro, 34 cup rice wine vinegar, 34 cup olive oil, 12 cup chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 3 limes, juiced, Kosher salt and ground black pepper], title: Island Fruit Salsa, picturelink: null}, 43061: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, mash the goat cheese, ricotta, and herbs together. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Fold in the beaten egg.nCut the baguette into thin slices on the bias. Arrange baguette slices on a baking sheet and toast lightly. Remove from heat and change oven setting to broil.nSpread cheese mixture on baguette slices, return to baking sheet, and broil lightly. Serve warm., ingredients: [14 ounces goat cheese, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup chopped fresh herbs combination of tarragon, basil, thyme, etc., Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 eggs, slightly beaten, 2 baguettes], title: Herbed Goat Cheese Toast, picturelink: null}, 43062: {instructions: Mix together the bell peppers, cabbage, onions, tomatoes, jalapeno and salt in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight. Drain the liquid from the mixture.nIn a large pot over mediumhigh heat, toast the mustard seeds and celery seeds until they begin to pop, about 3 minutes. Add the sugar, vinegar and 1 cup water, and heat until the sugar is dissolved. Add the vegetable mixture and the crushed red pepper, mustard powder, turmeric, ginger and cinnamon, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until thick, about 1 hour.nAllow to cool. Serve over beans and cornbread or as a relish for pulled pork or hot dogs., ingredients: [12 cups diced bell peppers, mixed colors, 8 cups diced cabbage, 8 cups diced yellow onions, 6 cups diced green tomatoes, 1 jalapeno, cut into small dice, 14 cup kosher salt, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons celery seeds, 3 cups sugar, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper, 2 teaspoons mustard powder, 2 teaspoons ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Serving suggestions: beans and cornbread, pulled pork or hot dogs], title: Chowchow, picturelink: null}, 43063: {instructions: Bring white wine, clam juice, garlic, onion and butter to a simmer. Add leeks and braise for 20 minutes, let cool in liquid. Cut lengthwise. Whisk together the olive oil and garlic in a large bowl, and the leeks and let marinate 1 hour. Preheat grill. Grill until golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups white wine, 2 cups clam juice, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 bunch of leeks, outer tough leaves removed, cleaned, 1 cup olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped], title: Grilled Leeks, picturelink: null}, 43064: {instructions: To prepare the marinade: Blend together the tamarind paste, if using, orange juice, molasses, chile powder, vinegar, oil, and basil. Pour the marinade over the pork loin in a shallow glass baking dish, cover, and marinate overnight in the refrigerator.nTo prepare the stuffing: Place the figs, garlic, and pureed chipotles in a food processor and pulse until semismooth. Transfer to a bowl and fold in the remaining ingredients.nTo prepare the pork: Remove the pork from the marinade, reserving the marinade, and blot dry. Butterfly the loin lengthwise, leaving 12 inch of meat attached to connect the 2 halves of the loin. Open the pork loin and cover it with plastic wrap. Pound lightly with a butchers mallet or heavy pan to an even thickness, 12 to 34 inch. Mound the stuffing down the center of the loin and fold it closed. Tie the loin carefully at 1inch intervals with butchers string. The loin may be prepared to this point up to 24 hours in advance.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees. Pour the marinade into a saucepan and reduce it over low heat to a glazelike consistency. Heat the olive oil in a saute pan over moderate heat and sear the meat. Transfer to a metal rack wet in a roasting pan and roast for 40 to 50 minutes, or until the internal temperature is 145 degrees. Bursh the pork liberally with the glaze during the last 5 minutes of cooking. Let the meat rest for 5 minutes or so before removing the twine. Slice and serve.nServing Suggestion: Serve with sauteed chanterelle mushrooms with apple wedges., ingredients: [12 cup tamarind paste, dissolved in water optional, 1 12 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup molasses, 1 12 teaspoons chile powder, 12 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 pounds boneless loin of pork, with the fat cap left on, 2 cups dried Black Mission figs, trimmed and coarsely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons chopped roasted garlic, 1 teaspoon pureed chipotles in adobo, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons lemonflavored oil or 2 tablespoons virgin olive oil with 2 teaspoons minced lemon zest, 1 teaspoon sherry or balsamic vinegar, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, Olive oil, for searing], title: Roasted Loin of Pork with Fig and Chipotle Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 43065: {instructions: Place both types sugar and the cream in a heavy saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. When the temperature reaches 228 degrees on candy thermometer, stir in the butter and pecans and continue to cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture reaches 236 degrees. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the mixture to cool for 5 minutes. Beat the mixture with a wooden spoon until the candy coats the pecans but does not lose its gloss. Drop the pralines 1 tablespoon at a time onto a wellgreased piece of aluminum foil or a slab of confectioners marble. Allow the pralines to cool. They can be eaten as is, stored in tins, or crumbled over vanilla ice cream for a New Orleans  style dessert., ingredients: [1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light cream, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 1 cup pecan halves], title: Pecan Pralines, picturelink: null}, 43066: {instructions: Place one marshmallow on a skewer. Place over medium flame, constantly turning as not to burn. Once slightly melted, place onto graham cracker. Place one piece of chocolate on top of marshmallow and top with another graham cracker. Repeat process with remaining ingredients., ingredients: [4 jumbo marshmallows, 8 graham crackers, 4 oneounce pieces, semisweet or milk chocolate], title: SMores, picturelink: null}, 43067: {instructions: Serving suggestions: honey, or beans, taco meat and pork, or New Mexican chili and cheesenMix the flour, baking powder and salt very well. Then add in the shortening and mix until well combined. Add 1 12 to 2 cups water and knead until you have a nice dough.nWith a rolling pin, roll out the dough to a 14inch to 13inch thickness and cut 4 to 5inch squares or triangles of dough.nHeat the oil in a large pan to 375 degrees F.nPut the dough squares into the oil and carefully splash the tops, which will make the squares puff up. Flip and do this on the other side, until golden brown, about 1 minute per side.nEat warm with honey or make a stuffed sopapilla with beans, taco meat or pork, or smother with New Mexico chili and cheese and enjoy., ingredients: [5 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons shortening, 8 cups cooking oil], title: Sopapilla, picturelink: cSKDfpDYg0Wzpilir3XY.Ff3zjk6}, 43068: {instructions: Rub 2 tablespoons of butter around a casserole and dust with 1 tablespoon granulated sugar. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter the bread with the remaining 6 tablespoons of butter. Scald milk in a pan, add the vanilla pod and the lemon zest. Stir in 14 cup granulated sugar. Increase the heat and dissolve the sugar and then remove from the heat. Arrange some of the cut bread overlapping on the base of the casserole. Sprinkle with some of the raisins and candied peel. Place another layer of bread on top  alternating the brown and white slices. Cover with the remaining bread. Sprinkle the remainder of raisins on top and grate the nutmeg over them. Break the eggs into a bowl and whisk. Slowly stirring into the scalded milk having removed the lemon zest and vanilla pod. Pour this mixture over the bread. Dust with 1 tablespoon sugar and sprinkle with the dry sherry. Allow to stand 1 hour. Before placing it in the oven, pour the 12 cup of whipping cream over the pudding. Cook in the preheated 325 degree oven on the middle shelf for 55 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dry sherry, 12 cup whipping cream, 8 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar for dusting, plus 14 cup sifted, 12 slices white bread, halved, 12 slices brown bread, halved, 5 cups milk, 1 vanilla pod, Lemon zest, 3 pieces, 2 cups raisins, 2 ounces candied peel, Freshly grated nutmeg, 6 eggs], title: Bread and Butter Pudding, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 43069: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDivide the bread lengthwise. Scoop out some of the doughy interior and reserve for another use.nCombine the olives, oil, pickled vegetables, red peppers, parsley, vinegar, garlic and Italian seasoning in a bowl. Spread half of the olive tapenade on the bottom half of the bread. Layer the salami, provolone, capicola, mozzarella, mortadella and the rest of the olive tapenade. Top with the other half of the bread and wrap the entire loaf in plastic wrap. Top the wrapped sandwich with a cast iron pan and set aside to rest for 1 hour. To facilitate easy cutting, skewer the muffaletta with 4 skewers and cut into 8 even triangles., ingredients: [One 10inch round loaf Italian bread, 1 cup mixed pitted olives, roughly chopped, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup pickled vegetables, such as giardiniera, chopped, 14 cup chopped roasted red peppers, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 12 pound salami, deli sliced, 12 pound provolone, deli sliced, 12 pound capicola, deli sliced, 12 pound smoked mozzarella, deli sliced, 12 pound mortadella, deli sliced], title: Muffaletta with Olive Tapenade, picturelink: Hxx6cHBHfd8TOjOoX5O4tDggruAQne.}, 43070: {instructions: Add the nuts to the bowl of a food processor, fitted with a blade, and pulse until finely ground it should be powdery and not a paste, about 15 pulses. Set aside. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt in a large bowl until evenly combined and set aside.nPut the butter and sugars in the bowl of a stand mixer, fitted with a paddle attachment, and mix on medium speed until creamy and light, about 2 to 3 minutes. Turn off the mixer, scrape down sides of the bowl, and add egg yolks and vanilla. Mix until well incorporated.nMix in the orange zest, ground hazelnut powder, and the flour mixture until just incorporated. Divide the dough into 2 even pieces, pat each into a thin disk, enclose in plastic wrap, and let rest in refrigerator at least 1 hour and up to 12 hours.nWhen ready to bake, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange racks in the upper and lower third of the oven. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and let sit at room temperature until pliable enough to roll. Roll out half of the dough on a piece of lightly floured parchment or waxed paper to 14inch thickness. Using a 2inch round cookie or biscuit cutter, cut out rounds of dough. Using a 34inch round cookie cutter, cut out the center of half of rounds to make rings. Transfer rounds and rings to the freezer to set up for 5 minutes before continuing. Gather the dough scraps and chill.nTransfer the chilled cookies to parchmentlined baking sheets, leaving at least 1inch between each cookie. Bake 2 sheets of cookies at a time until the undersides are golden, switching sheets halfway through, about 12 to 15 minutes total. Cool 5 minutes on sheets then remove to a wire rack to cool completely. Repeat until all dough is used.nTo assemble cookies, spread 1 teaspoon of the chocolate spread on the bottom of each solid round cookie, then top with a ringshaped cookie.nFor BlackberryPecan Linzer Cookies variation, follow the same instructions except spread 12 teaspoon jam on the bottom side of each solid round cookie, then top with a ringshaped cookie., ingredients: [1 cup toasted hazelnuts, 2 cup allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon table salt, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into pieces, 34 cups packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons grated orange zest, 12 cup chocolatehazelnut spread recommended: Nutella], title: HazelnutChocolate Linzer Cookies, picturelink: ADw0RaQ8ERnzhe.eJSA8oBofqrFJnVa}, 43071: {instructions: Marinate chicken in sesame oil, oyster sauce, cornstarch, 1 tablespoon garlic and 1 tablespoon ginger for 30 minutes. Blanch snap peas al dente in hot salted water followed by an iced bath. Keep the peas crisp. In a hot wok, coat bottom with oil and add remaining 1 tablespoon of garlic, 1 tablespoon of ginger and white scallions. Stir quickly to avoid burning. Season chicken and brown. After about 8 minutes, add chicken stock and reduce by half. Add mushrooms quickly stir for 1 minute. Add peas just to heat up and serve. Check for seasoning. Garnish with fresh cracked black pepper. Serve with rice., ingredients: [6 chicken thighs, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 12 cup oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoon minced garlic, divided, 2 tablespoon minced ginger, divided, 12 pound snap peas, blanched, 12 cup canola oil, 4 sliced scallions, separate green and white, 12 cup chicken stock if canned, use low sodium, 2 cups sliced shiitakes, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Chicken with Snap Peas and Shiitakes, picturelink: jdMvi5vIngcLozLuXQcmCHpylyGcUzy}, 43072: {instructions: Preheat a grill. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine butter, garlic, and 12 cup of the parsley, and mix well. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo prepare the mushrooms, remove stems, lightly coat with olive oil, and grill until tender. Place a spoonful of the butter mixture on each mushroom, and bake until butter is melted, approximately 3 minutes.nTo serve, place on large platter, and sprinkle with remaining parsley., ingredients: [1 pound butter, room temperature, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup finely chopped parsley, plus 1 tablespoon, Salt and pepper, 1 pound medium size mushrooms, Olive oil], title: Grilled Mushrooms with Garlic and Parsley Butter, picturelink: null}, 43073: {instructions: Heat the dashi to a simmer in a saucepan. Add the mushrooms and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Soften the miso in a small bowl by mixing it with a few tablespoons of hot dashi. Pour the softened miso into the saucepan. Heat the soup, being careful not to boil, and add tofu. Pour into individual soup bowls and garnish with the green onions.nCombine the water and kelp in a large pot. Bring the water to a boil, removing the kelp just before water boils since it emits a strong odor. If the fleshiest part of the kelp is still tough, return it to the water for a few more minutes, along with a little cold water. Soft kelp means sufficient flavor has been extracted. Remove the kelp and bring stock to a full boil.nAdd 14 cup cold water to bring the temperature down quickly and add the bonito flakes. Bring to a boil, and then immediately remove from the heat. If bonito flakes boil too long, the stock becomes bitter. Allow the flakes to settle to the bottom of the pan, then filter the stock through cheesecloth., ingredients: [4 cups dashi, 12 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms, 4 tablespoons red miso, 10 ounces tofu, cut into 12inch cubes, Chopped green onions, for garnish, 3 quarts cold water, 3 ounces giant kelp, kombu, 3 ounces dried bonito flakes], title: Miso Soup with Tofu and Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 43074: {instructions: Start to cook the bacon so that it becomes crisp. Meanwhile combine the mayonnaise with lemon juice, garlic, turmeric and ground cumin and season to taste with salt and pepper. Pan grill the bread, just until dried out or toasted pan grill the tuna, only 3 minutes a side, or until rare.nRemove bacon to paper towels to drain.nTo assemble, spread each slice of bread with mayonnaise, on one side only. Slice the tuna into thin diagonal pieces. Set some arugula on bottom of bread, then top with bacon, peppers and tuna and bread, mayonnaise side down repeat and finish with third slice of bread repeat for the other sandwich., ingredients: [8 thick slices slab bacon, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, Pinch turmeric, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices brioche or egg bread or good quality multigrain bread, 8 ounces fresh tuna, 12 cup julienned roasted red or yellow bell peppers fresh or from jar, 2 cups washed and dried fresh arugula leaves], title: Tuna Club and Peppers, picturelink: null}, 43075: {instructions: Special equipment: an instantread thermometer, an ice cream maker, a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip, a pastry brush and a small offset spatulanFor the gelato: Whisk together the sugar and egg yolks in a medium bowl until pale. Heat the milk with the vanilla bean and seeds in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat to steaming. Whisk a little of the hot milk into the eggsugar mixture, then add the egg mixture back to the saucepan with the milk and cook, whisking, until it registers 180 degrees F on an instantread thermometer the mixture should coat the back of a spoon. Remove from the heat and chill completely.nPour the chilled base into an ice cream maker and spin until frozen.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, stir the vegetable oil into the chocolatehazelnut spread until well combined. Fold in the feuilletine.nWhen the gelato is finished spinning, fold in half of the chocolatehazelnut mixture so it is swirly and place in the freezer to firm, 2 hours to overnight. Reserve the remaining chocolatehazelnut mixture for the cake.nFor the pan di spagna: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8inch cake pan and line with parchment paper.nWhip together the sugar and eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer until airy, about 2 minutes. Sift the flour in batches directly into the egg mixture and fold in after each addition until combined. Fill the prepared cake pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean and the top is golden and springs back when lightly touched, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in the pan until cool enough to handle, then invert on a cooling rack to cool completely.nFor the diplomat cream: First, make the custard. Whisk together the egg yolks and half of the sugar in a medium heatproof bowl. Heat the milk, vanilla bean and seeds and remaining sugar in a medium saucepan until just boiling. Remove from the heat and whisk the milk mixture into the eggsugar mixture. Then whisk in the flour. Return the mixture to the saucepan, bring to a boil and cook, whisking constantly, until very thick, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, transfer to a shallow dish and cool completely.nWhip the cream to medium peaks and fold into the cold custard to lighten it. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip with the diplomat cream.nTo assemble the cake: Place a baking sheet in the freezer to chill.nSplit the cake in half. Brush the bottom half with the orange liqueur using a pastry brush. Pipe the diplomat cream to cover the surface within 14 inch of the edge. Scatter the surface with the sliced strawberries, half of the raspberries and half of the blueberries. Top with the other half of the cake. Pipe the top with an even layer of the diplomat cream and smooth the surface with a small offset spatula.nPut the white chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave at 15 to 20second intervals, stirring between each, until almost completely melted. Remove when you can still see pieces of the chocolate and continue to stir until the chocolate is completely smooth. Remove the baking sheet from the freezer and spread 2 thin layers of the chocolate on it, each about 116 inch thick, 3 inches wide and 15 inches long they can be slightly tapered at either end. Place back in the freezer for just a minute or 2 until set but still pliable. Once set, start at one end of a strip and use the edge of an offset spatula to lift and ease up the chocolate. Wrap around the edge of the cake. Repeat with the second strip so that the ends overlap. Or see Cooks Notes for an easy white chocolate garnish alternative.nCut the remaining strawberries in half. Garnish the top of the cake with the remaining raspberries and blueberries, the halved strawberries and the edible flowers if using. Slice and serve with a scoop of the gelato, and garnish with a spoonful of the reserved chocolatehazelnut mixture., ingredients: [Gelato:, 1 cup sugar, 5 large egg yolks, 2 cups milk, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 cup chocolatehazelnut spread, such as Nutella, 12 cup paillete feuilletine see Cooks Notes, Pan di Spagna:, Unsalted butter, for greasing the pan, 34 cup sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 cup flour, Diplomat Cream:, 3 large egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 34 cup milk, 12 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 14 cup 00 flour, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, 6 strawberries, thinly sliced, plus 3 whole berries, 1 cup raspberries, 1 cup blueberries, 4 ounces white chocolate couverture see Cooks Notes, Edible flowers, for decorating, optional], title: Pan di Spagna Birthday Cake with Gelato Gusto Carrara, picturelink: 9v5eYg6rLYfCbon9AiBMjWLLc90LaGK}, 43076: {instructions: In a large pot of boiling, salted water, place the potatoes one variety at a time, the purple potatoes last, and cook until fork tender. Remove with a slotted spoon into an ice bath. Drain all potatoes. Cut the new potatoes and purple potatoes into quarters. Slice the fingerling potatoes lengthwise.nPlace the beets into the pot of boiling water and cook until fork tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Rinse under cold water and remove the skin. Wear gloves to avoid turning your skin purple. Slice beets into wedges.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the rice wine vinegar, olive oil, honey and Dijon until an emulsion has formed. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a large bowl, toss all of the vegetables except the lettuce and the olives with approximately 2 tablespoons of vinaigrette. Marinate for 15 minutes.nIn a separate large bowl, toss a handful of greens per person with 2 tablespoons of vinaigrette per person. Plate the lettuce and then place a mound of mixed vegetables on top of the lettuce.nTop each salad with a 1 to 2 ounce portion of the albacore tuna. Garnish with the olives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 new potatoes, 8 fingerling potatoes, 4 waxy Peruvian purple potatoes, 2 large beets, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper, 2 cups shredded carrots, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 cups green beans, blanched, 2 cups snow peas, blanched, 1 small head leafy green lettuce, 8 ounces albacore tuna, white meat in spring water, drained, 1 cup Nicoise olives], title: Hearty Vegetable Salad and Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 43077: {instructions: Combine cantaloupe and 2 cups of water in a blender and puree until smooth. Pour blended mixture into a pitcher and add the rest of the water, lime juice and sugar if using. Chill well before serving., ingredients: [2 cups chopped, seeded cantaloupe, 5 cups cold water, 14 cup fresh squeezed lime juice, sugar to taste, lime wheels for garnish], title: Agua Fresca, picturelink: null}, 43078: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the base: Bring the milk and white chocolate to a slow boil in a small saucepan, whisking until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla.nMix in addins as desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups cold whole milk, 6 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, AddIns:, Orange:, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, Candied orange peel, for garnish, White Russian:, 2 teaspoons vodka, 1 teaspoon coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua, Whipped cream, for garnish, Crushed chocolatecovered espresso beans, for garnish], title: White Hot Chocolate 2 Ways, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 43079: {instructions: Whisk together all ingredients in a medium shallow baking dish. Add monkfish and turn to coat. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Preheat grill. Grill for 7 to 8 minutes on each side or until cooked throughnCoconutMint Chutney: Combine all ingredients together in a medium bowl and refrigerate for 1 hour. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 1 12 pounds monkfish fillets, 1 cup shredded unsweetened coconut, 12 cup plain yogurt, 13 cup finely chopped fresh mint, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Turmeric Spiced Monkfish with CoconutMint Chutney, picturelink: null}, 43080: {instructions: Blanch the tomatillos in 1 quart boiling water for 3 minutes. Drain and save 12 cup of the cooking water. Set aside, cool, and remove husks. Place tomatillos in a blender with the garlic, salt, and serrano chiles. Add 3 to 4 tablespoons cooking liquid and blend on high speed for 10 seconds. Set sauce aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the Mexican sausage and fry until browned and completely cooked through. Transfer sausage to paper towels to drain and set aside.nSimmer sauce for 5 minutes in a pan wide enough to dip tortillas. Heat the remaining oil in a large skillet over high flame. With tongs, dip 1 tortilla at a time in the hot oil for a few seconds to coat and heat and then dip the tortilla in tomatillo sauce. Place on a serving plate and fill with 112th of the Mexican sausage, 1 tablespoon minced onion, and 12 teaspoon minced cilantro. Roll the tortilla into the shape of an enchilada. Repeat with remaining tortillas. Top with sauce, sour cream, strips of green chile, and a cilantro sprig. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds whole, unhusked tomatillos, 3 garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 to 2 serrano chiles, 14 cup olive oil, divided, 1 pound Mexican sausage recommended: longaniza or chorizo, minced, 12 corn tortillas, 1 white onion, minced, 14 cup minced cilantro leaves, 1 cup sour cream, 4 poblano or Anaheim chiles, roasted, sweated, peeled, seeded, deveined, and cut into strips, 12 cilantro sprigs, washed and dried], title: Cream Tacos: Tacos de Crema, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 43081: {instructions: Prepare Farm Rich Mozzarella Bites according to package directions.nSkewer a pineapple chunk and folded slice of deli ham onto each warm Mozzarella Bite.nSeason with salt and pepper to taste, and serve with ranch dressing for dipping, if desired., ingredients: [Farm Rich Mozzarella Bites, Deli ham, Fresh pineapple chunks, Toothpicks or short skewers, Ranch dressing optional, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Hawaiian Mozzarella Bites, picturelink: AbHiwYWMlJZWhCJc.bJwxgYiijTITuG}, 43082: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the bread into 1inch cubes. Spread out on a baking sheet to dry out for at least 1 hour or overnight.nGrease a 9inchby13inch baking dish with butter.nWhisk together the halfandhalf, eggs and lemon zest and juice. Add the sugar and stir until it dissolves. Put the bread cubes in the prepared baking dish. Pour the liquid over the bread. Let the bread soak up the liquid while you preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nBake until the crust is golden brown, 50 to 55 minutes. Let rest for at least 15 minutes.nServe warm with Bourbon Whipped Cream.nCombine the heavy cream, sugar and bourbon in a large mixing bowl with an electric mixer and begin mixing immediately on high speed until stiff, about 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 loaf eggy bread such as challah or brioche, Softened butter, for greasing the baking dish, 2 cups halfandhalf, 4 large eggs, Zest and juice of 2 lemons, 1 cup sugar, Bourbon Whipped Cream, recipe follows, for serving, 1 cup heavy cream, very cold, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons bourbon], title: Lemon Bread Pudding, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 43083: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice the ends off the onion and remove its outer layer. Cut onion into 12inchwide slices, and separate into rings. Set aside.nUsing a blender or food processor, grind cereal to a breadcrumblike consistency. Season the crumbs with spices and transfer to a plate or bowl.nFill a small bowl with egg substitute. Prepare a baking sheet or 2 by spraying with nonstick spray. Set aside.nOne at a time, dunk each ring in egg substitute, give it a shake to remove any excess, and then coat it in the seasoned crumbs. Evenly place rings on the baking sheets.nBake in the oven until the outsides are crispy and insides are soft, 20 to 25 minutes, carefully flipping rings over about halfway through. Serve with mustard, if using. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 large onion, 12 cup highfiber bran cereal twigs recommended: Fiber One Original, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, or more to taste, 18 teaspoon salt, or more to taste, Black pepper, to taste, 12 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, Mustard, as dip, optional recommended: Vivis Original Sauce Classic Carnival Mustard], title: Lord of the Onion Rings, picturelink: sUhp8geBQLnD6PegavnEwYph5q6w1i}, 43084: {instructions: Special equipment: eight 5inch wooden or metal skewersnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and fit a baking sheet with a wire rack.nIn a small saucepot, mix the maple syrup, red pepper flakes, orange juice and 14 cup water. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat.nLine up the bacon slices on the wire rack and brush with the hot maple syrup mixture. Sprinkle some cheese on each piece of bacon. With a skewer in hand, fold the end of a piece of bacon in half lengthwise and press the skewer through the end. Do this to 4 pieces of bacon, spreading them out evenly across the skewer, and place the skewer on the baking sheet. Twist the bacon pieces into long spirals so as to create straws. Take another skewer and skewer the bottom of each piece of bacon to keep the bacon twisted. Do this to all the bacon.nBake until the bacon browns, about 35 minutes. Let cool slightly on the rack the bacon will get crunchy as it sits. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup maple syrup, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 12 orange, juiced, 1 pound regular uncured bacon not thick cut, 14 cup finely shredded Cheddar], title: Cheesy Bacon Straws, picturelink: XBfLyoRQ2sf7xujrdT4NDARsn7I7Ru}, 43085: {instructions: To make the cake:nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter the bottom of two 9inch round cake pans. Line the bottom with parchment paper, then butter and flour the parchment and the sides of the pans.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the sugar, flour, cocoa, salt, baking powder, and baking soda, mixing on low speed. Mix in the eggs, oil, and milk.nIncrease the speed to medium and beat for 2 minutes. Reduce the speed to low and mix in the water. The batter will be soupy.nDivide the batter evenly between the cake pans. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean.nRemove from the oven and cool on a cooling rack for 5 minutes, then turn the layers out onto the rack and cool completely.nWhen the cakes have cooled, check the frosting. It should have the consistency of mayonnaise. If it is still too thin, allow it to cool longer.nTo make the frosting:nIn a small saucepan, combine the sugar and cream and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat and simmer for 6 minutes. Add the chocolate and butter and stir until melted. Pour into a bowl and stir in the vanilla.nTo frost the cake:nPlace one cake layer on a serving plate. Spread the frosting with a hot palette knife or icing spatula to give the frosting a beautiful shine. Run the knife under hot tap water and dry with a towel. Spread about 34 cup of the frosting over the top of the first layer. Top with the second layer. Spread the remaining frosting over the top and sides of the cake, heating the knife again as necessary., ingredients: [Unsalted butter and flour for pans, 2 cups granulated sugar, 134 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup SCHARFFEN BERGER unsweetened natural cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 112 teaspoons baking powder, 112 teaspoons baking soda, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup canola oil, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup boiling water, 114 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 5 ounces SCHARFFEN BERGER 99 Cacao Unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped, 8 tablespoons 4 ounces unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: That Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 43086: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, toss the sliced apples with the lemon juice until the apples are thoroughly coated. Add the raisins, 14 cup sugar, and the 2 tablespoons cold cubed butter and toss well. Set aside.nLightly dust the counter or work surface with flour. Lay the puff pastry on top and dust the rolling pin with additional flour. Gently roll the puff pastry to 18inch thickness.nSpread the apple and raisin mixture over the bottom half of the puff pastry square leaving about 1inch of space along the side edges. Fold the top half of the puff pastry over and pinch to seal the edges together.nBrush the entire strudel with the melted butter and then sprinkle with cinnamon and remaining sugar. Using a serrated knife, make 3 diagonal slits across the top of the strudel.nPlace the strudel on a parchment lined baking sheet and bake for 40 minutes, rotating halfway through cooking, until the pastry is puffed and golden brown., ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 large Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and sliced 18 to 14inch thick, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 cup raisins, 14 cup sugar, plus 3 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons cold butter, cut into small pieces, plus 2 tablespoons butter, melted, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed], title: Puff Pastry Apple and Raisin Strudel, picturelink: 9e6sQKdINkrtKuPIoMhZT04Rt0Ylq}, 43087: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nCut the tips off each asparagus spear and reserve them. Cut the stalks of asparagus into 12inch lengths.nIn each of 2 large shallow baking pans toss half the asparagus stalks with half the oil, and salt to taste coating them well, and roast them, shaking the pans every few minutes, until they are crisptender, about 5 to 10 minutes. Set them aside. Lower oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nIn a saucepan melt the butter, add the flour, and cook the roux over moderately low heat, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the broth and the water in a stream, whisking, simmer the mixture for 5 minutes, and whisk in the goat cheese, zest, and salt, to taste, whisking until the sauce is smooth.nArrange 1 sheet of pasta in each of buttered 9 by 13inch baking dishes, and spread each sheet with 14 of the sauce. Top the sauce in each dish with 14 of the reserved roasted asparagus, and sprinkle the asparagus with 13 cup of the Parmesan. Continue to layer the pasta, sauce, asparagus, and Parmesan in the same manner, ending with a sheet of pasta.nIn a bowl beat the cream with a pinch of salt until it holds soft peaks. Arrange the reserved asparagus tips on the pasta, spoon the cream over the pasta and the asparagus tips, spreading it with the back of a spoon, and sprinkle the remaining 13 cup Parmesan on top.nBake the lasagna in the middle of the oven for 30 minutes, or until it is golden and bubbling, and let it stand for 10 minutes before serving.nPrep time: 15 minutes Cook time: 45 minutes Inactive time: 10 minutes, ingredients: [4 pounds medium asparagus, trimmed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups chicken broth, heated, 12 cup water, heated, 7 ounces mild goat cheese, such as Montrachet, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, or to taste, 6 7 by 6 14inch sheets instant noboil lasagna, 1 23 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Asparagus Lasagna, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 43088: {instructions: Place a large pot of water over high heat and bring up to a boil for the pasta. Once at a boil add some salt and cook pasta to package directions. Hold off on starting the scallops until you drop your pasta.nRemove the mussel from the scallops then with a paper towel pat them dry and season them with salt and pepper.nPreheat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil, about 1 turn around the pan and 2 tablespoons of the butter. When butter melts into oil, add scallops. Brown scallops 2 minutes on each side, then remove from pan and cover loosely with foil to keep warm.nAdd an additional drizzle of olive oil to the skillet and add the garlic, shallots, crushed red pepper flakes, thyme, a little salt and pepper. Reduce heat a little and saute garlic and shallots 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add wine to the pan and free up any pan drippings. Reduce wine 1 minute, then add seafood stock. Continue to cook for about 1 minute. Add the basil, parsley, lemon zest and juice and the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter, shake and stir the mixture until the butter has melted. Add the cooked linguini and cook for about 30 seconds, just to combine and let the pasta soak up the sauce.nDivide the pasta between 2 serving plates and top with reserved scallops.nFor the side salad, in a bowl combine the arugula and tomatoes, drizzle with a little extravirgin olive oil, a splash of balsamic vinegar, and season with salt and pepper. Toss to coat and serve.nAnd for dessert, rinse strawberries and arrange on a plate. Serve with a glass of Champagne., ingredients: [12 pound linguini, 1 pound sea scallops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 springs fresh thyme, leaves removed and chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup seafood stock or clam juice, 25 leaves fresh basil, shredded or torn, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, a handful, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 4 cups baby arugula or any mixed greens, 12 pint grape or cherry tomatoes, cut in 12, Drizzle extravirgin olive oil, Splash balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Strawberries, Split of Champagne, perfect for 2], title: Seared Sea Scallops with Linguini in a Herb and Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43089: {instructions: How to Bone a Whole Breast:nh Whole chicken breasts can be split in 2 and cooked with both skin and bone attached or they can be skinned and boned.nh Whole breasts are less expensive to buy than already boned breasts.nh If you leave the skin on, the breasts can be sauteed almost the same way that steaks are, except over a somewhat lower heat.nPeel off the skin. Slide a small paring knife or boning knife under the wishbone on 1 side to free it from the meat. Working on the same side, slide the knife along the breastbone, keeping the knife against the bone and pulling the meat away from the bone. Continue sliding the knife against the bone until youve completely detached the breast meat. Repeat on the other side.nHow to Prep a Chicken Breast for Sauteing:nPull the tenderloin away from each boneless breast. Slide a paring or boning knife under the end of the small tendon at the thicker end of the tendon. Place the tenderloin tendon down on the cutting board. With the knife against the tendon, pull on the tendon, moving it gently from side to side with your other hand, until it comes away. The small tendon that runs along the tenderloin is removed because its chewy and rather unattractive. Place each chicken breast between 2 sheets of plastic wrap. Gently flatten with the side of a cleaver so that the breast is the same thickness. Dont overdo it if the chicken is too thin, it will dry out.nHow to Bread a Chicken Breast for Frying:nCoat each breast on both sides with flour and pat off the excess. Season egg well with salt and pepper. Dip the chicken in beaten egg and remove excess egg. Coat the breasts with fresh bread crumbs. It is best to saute chicken breasts in clarified butter or extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [], title: TechniquesChicken, picturelink: null}, 43090: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix together the cream of chicken soup, frozen vegetables, garlic powder, shredded chicken and some salt and pepper in a bowl.nFill 4 ovensafe mugs threequarters of the way up with the pot pie filling and top each with 1 biscuit. Bake until the biscuits are golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [One 10 12ounce can cream of chicken soup, Half a 10ounce bag frozen vegetables carrot, corn and green bean mix, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 small rotisserie chicken, meat shredded, skin and bones discarded, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 can biscuit dough], title: Chicken Pot Pie in a Mug, picturelink: L8skda6vcemUCafSOb18QQKkCawD7u}, 43091: {instructions: Heat skillet or griddle over mediumhigh heat or to 375degreesF. Grease with vegetable oil or shortening.nIn medium bowl, stir pancake mix and water with fork or wire whisk until smooth batter will be thin. Gently stir in 12 cup blueberries and 1 tablespoon orange peel.nFor each pancake, pour slightly less than 14 cup batter into hot greased skillet. Cook until bubbles break on surface and edges just begin to dry. Turn cook about 1 minute or until bottoms are golden brown.nServe pancakes topped with whipped topping and additional blueberries and orange peel., ingredients: [2 cups Fiber One Complete pancake mix from 28.3oz box, 1 13 cups cold water, 2 cups fresh or frozen blueberries, 1 tablespoon grated orange peel, 2 cups frozen thawed reducedfat whipped topping, Additional blueberries and orange peel, if desired], title: Blueberry Orange Pancakes, picturelink: n8p6E8C1IMx8cBzoxgyWfDQj3oAyb2}, 43092: {instructions: Layer the potatoes, carrots, onions, celery and thyme in the insert of a 6quart slow cooker. Put the brisket on top of the vegetables and add the beer and pickling spice. Add enough water to just cover the brisket. Cover and cook on low until the meat and vegetables are tender, about 8 hours.nArrange the cabbage over the brisket its OK if the cooker seems crowded, cover and cook until soft and wilted, 45 minutes to 1 hour more.nWhisk together the sour cream, horseradish and mustard in a small bowl.nRemove the cabbage and toss with 1 tablespoon of the butter and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Remove the meat and let rest. Strain the remaining vegetables reserve some of the cooking broth to serve on the side if you like and toss with the parsley, the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and salt and pepper to taste.nSlice the corned beef against the grain and serve with the vegetables, horseradish sauce and broth if using., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small redskin potatoes, halved, 4 carrots, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 large onion, cut into 12inch wedges, 2 stalks celery, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 or 3 sprigs fresh thyme, One 4pound piece corned beef brisket, rinsed, 12 ounces stout beer, 2 tablespoons pickling spice, 12 small head green cabbage, core intact and cut into thick wedges, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup loosely packed parsley leaves, chopped], title: Slow Cooker Corned Beef and Cabbage, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 43093: {instructions: In a small skillet over medium heat, add the allspice, peppercorns, cinnamon stick, cloves, and nutmeg. Toast for 1 to 2 minutes, just until you start to smell them. Place in a spice mill or clean coffee grinder and process to a powder. Add all remaining marinade ingredients to a blender, top with spice mixture, and season with salt and pepper. Puree until smooth, adding more olive oil if needed. Wash and dry chicken pieces and place in a shallow dish. Pour jerk sauce over chicken cover and marinate at least 2 hours or overnight.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the oil to a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown the chicken on both sides. Add the mango, habanero, scallions, and thyme. Place in the oven and cook for 15 to 20 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through. Garnish with cilantro.nNote: Scotch bonnets and habaneros are very hot peppers. Gloves should be worn when cutting and handling peppers to protect the skin. Wash your gloves and your hands after handling hot peppers. Avoid allowing your fingers to come into contact with your eyes or other sensitive body parts. Make sure knives and cutting surfaces are thoroughly cleaned., ingredients: [1 tablespoon whole allspice, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 small cinnamon stick, 2 cloves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 2 medium onions, coarsely chopped, 4 scallions, coarsely chopped, 12 Scotch bonnet pepper, seeded and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup tamarind paste, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 limes, juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more if needed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 3 12 to 4 pound chicken, cut into 10 pieces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 mangoes, peeled and cubed, 1 habanero pepper, chopped, 4 scallions, chopped, 4 sprigs thyme, Cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Jerk Chicken with Roasted Mango and Habanero Chiles, picturelink: 1LworCmIWp2xddk9jnbZCkgpN1JmvJK}, 43094: {instructions: In a small bowl, soak the rice, 1 cup water and cinnamon for 30 minutes. Add to blender and liquefy for 3 minutes. In a large container, mix the blended rice, 5 cups water, vanilla, sugar, and condensed milk.nStir and serve over ice., ingredients: [1 cup white rice, 6 cups water, divided, 12 cinnamon stick, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cups sugar, 14 cup condensed milk], title: Agua de Palapa Joes, picturelink: brmx3IgmJM5gNb6iEp2opTqhACc27hW}, 43095: {instructions: Special equipment: Square waffle iron Wooden skewersnTo make Sage Fried Chicken: Dip and coat chicken breast in egg then cornflake mixture. Deepfry for 5 to 6 minutes until golden brown and crispy.nTo make Bacon Waffles: Preheat waffle iron and coat well with nonstick spray. In a large mixing bowl, combine all of the dry ingredients and set aside. In a separate bowl, beat the eggs and mix in the buttermilk, milk, vanilla and butter. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry, stirring together lightly, leaving the batter slightly lumpy. Using a 6ounce ladle, pour the batter in the center of the hot waffle iron. Place 2 slices of cooked bacon diagonally over each other and the waffle, making an X shape. Close the waffle iron lid. Cook until golden brown and slightly crispy. Remove to cutting board and cut into 4 squares. Place 2 waffle squares side by side on a plate then stack remaining 2 in the center on top of the first 2. Place the chicken breasts on top of this and secure in the center of each chicken breast with a wooden skewer. Top with warm maple syrup. Garnish with fried leeks and a 12inch rosemary sprig., ingredients: [2 8ounce airline chicken breasts boneless, skinon breast with the first wing joint attached, 1 egg, beaten, 2 cups cornflakes, 2 teaspoons freshly minced sage mixed with cornflakes, Nonstick cooking spray, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons salt, 3 eggs, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 12 cup melted, unsalted butter, 4 slices hardwood bacon, cooked, 2 pieces Sage Fried Chicken, Maple Syrup, optional, Fried leeks, for garnish, optional, Rosemary sprigs, for garnish, optional], title: Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffles, picturelink: null}, 43096: {instructions: For the hoagie roll: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the durum flour, bread flour, yeast and 20 ounces of water in a stand mixer. Mix on low with a dough hook for 3 minutes. Add the salt, raise to medium speed and mix for an additional 4 minutes. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and leave to ferment until it has doubled in size.nMake an envelope fold, then shape the dough into 5ounce loaves and roll in sesame seeds. Place the loaves on an oiled baking sheet lined with parchment paper and proof until the loaves have doubled in size. Make a slit down the center of each loaf and spray with water right before transferring to the oven. Bake for 25 minutes.nFor the veal breast Milanese: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Sear the veal breast in a large pot or Dutch oven until golden brown on both sides. Remove the veal and add the celery, garlic, rosemary, bay leaves, carrot, onion, thyme and some black pepper. Cook until the vegetables have softened, then deglaze with 8 cups water. Return the veal breast to the pot and add more water as needed to cover the veal breast about halfway. Bring to a boil, cover and transfer to the oven. Cook until the veal breast is very tender, 3 to 4 hours. Remove the veal from its braising liquid and transfer to a baking sheet. Set a weighted pan atop the veal to press it into an even thickness while it cools. Once cool, slice the veal into 12inch strips.nPreheat oil in a deepfryer or large pot to 350 degrees F.nBread the veal by dragging the strips in the egg wash, then dredging them in breadcrumbs. Fry the breaded strips until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the oil and place on a cooling rack. Season with salt and black pepper.nFor the bacon mayo: Add the bacon and 1 cup water to a pot and bring to a boil. Simmer until all the water is evaporated. Transfer the bacon to a blender and puree until smooth. Mix with the mayo and season with salt and pepper.nFor the hoagie salad: Mix the pepper rings, lettuce, red onion and tomato in a large bowl. Add the dried oregano and red wine vinegar and toss.nTo assemble the sandwich: Slice a hoagie roll in half and spread 2 tablespoons of bacon mayo on each side. Lay 2 strips of veal Milanese on the bottom half and top with 2 slices of the provolone.nSet a panini press to 450 degrees F. Press the hoagie until the cheese is melted and the veal is hot, about 4 minutes. Open up the sandwich and stuff it with 14 cup of the hoagie salad. Cut in half and serve., ingredients: [1 pound 5 ounces595 g durum flour, 7 12 ounces213 g bread flour recommended: Sir Galahad, 12 ounce13 g yeast, 23 ounce17 g salt, Sesame seeds, 1 boneless veal breast, 4 celery stalks, medium dice, 3 cloves garlic, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 bay leaves, 1 carrot, medium dice, 1 onion, medium dice, 12 bunch fresh thyme, Freshly ground black pepper, Canola or vegetable oil, for frying, 8 eggs, beaten, 3 12 cups breadcrumbs, Kosher salt, 1 cup cubed bacon, 4 cups mayonnaise recommended: Hellmanns, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 jarred hot pepper rings, 1 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 tomato, sliced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons red wine vinaigrette, 18 slices provolone cheese, halved], title: Veal Breast Milanese Hoagie, picturelink: S5YnVaAqAR07yw9g7OTSUn4C5usY23O}, 43097: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Unless very small, halve the radishes lengthwise from stem to root end. Toss them with the oil on a large rimmed baking sheet. Roast, turning once or twice, until the radishes are tender and beginning to brown, about 25 minutes. Remove the radishes from the oven but do not turn it off.nDrizzle the soy sauce over the radishes and sprinkle with the scallions. Toss well and continue roasting for 5 minutes longer. Turn the radishes and any juices on the baking sheet into a serving bowl. Sprinkle with the sesame seeds and serve immediately., ingredients: [20 medium radishes, leaves, stems, and rootlets trimmed about 1 pound when trimmed, 1 12 tablespoons roasted peanut oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 medium scallions, sliced thin, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted in a dry skillet until golden brown], title: Roasted Radishes with Soy and Sesame Seeds, picturelink: null}, 43098: {instructions: Soak the wheat berries overnight, or, as an alternative, place them in a saucepan half filled with water and boil them for 2 minutes, then remove them from the heat and let sit 1 hour. In either case, drain them, then refill the saucepan halfway with water and cook the wheat berries, partially covered, for 1 hour. When done, the wheat berries will be tender but slightly crunchy. Drain them thoroughly and let them cool.nBring 2 cups of water, the canola oil, and salt to a boil in a mediumsize saucepan. Stir in the lentils and rice and reduce the heat to low. Cover the pan and cook for 17 minutes, or until all the liquid is absorbed. Do not stir the mixture at all while it is cooking. Carefully spoon the mixture into a large bowl and let cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile combine the dressing ingredients in a jar with a tightfitting lid and shake vigorously. Set aside.nWhen the rice mixture is completely cooled, use a large spoon to break up any clumps that have formed. Carefully stir in the wheat berries, carrot, red pepper, and parsley. Pour the dressing on the salad and toss. Let marinate at least 20 minutes before serving. Note The rice greedily soaks up the dressing, so if you want to make this salad 2 to 24 hours in advance, pour on only half the dressing at first, then add the remainder about 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [13 cup wheat berries, 1 teaspoon canola oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup red lentils, rinsed in a strainer, 34 cup basmati or jasmine rice, rinsed in a strainer, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 large garlic cloves, put through a press or minced, 14 teaspoon salt, Generous seasoning freshly ground pepper, 13 cup olive oil, 1 carrot, minced, 1 red bell pepper, very finely diced, 12 cup minced fresh parsley], title: Rice, Red Lentil, and Wheat Berry Salad, picturelink: null}, 43099: {instructions: Combine the cranberry juice, lemonade, vodka and pineapple juice in a pitcher filled with ice and stir. Divide among punch glasses and garnish with the frozen cranberries., ingredients: [8 ounces cranberry juice, 8 ounces sparkling lemonade, 8 ounces vodka, 4 ounces pineapple juice, 1 cup frozen cranberries], title: Cranberry Lemonade Punch, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 43100: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a gallon of salted water to a rapid boil in a stockpot. Remove the core of the cabbage head by cutting about a 3inch deep cone only around the thick stem, keeping most of the head solidly intact. Place the cabbage decoredside down into the boiling water. Place a plate or a smaller pot on top of the cabbage head to keep it from floating. Boil until tender, soft to the touch and bright green, 15 to 20 minutes. Place in an ice water bath to stop the cooking process. Remove the damaged first couple of outside leaves and save for the bottom the pan. Then carefully remove the rest of the cabbage leaves until the head is smaller than a baseball.nCook the bacon, saving the drippings. Place the cooked bacon into a food processor and puree. Then place into a large mixing bowl. Puree the onion and green pepper and place into the mixing bowl. Then do the same with the Parmesan. Then add the ground meats, rice, ketchup, garlic, 1 tablespoon salt, pepper, seasoning sauce and egg to the mixing bowl. Mix well. Scoop or ball into 4ounce portions. Place the damaged outside leaves and the toosmall center leaves on the bottom of a baking pan. Place a blanched cabbage leaf into one hand like a cup. Then place the ball of meat mixture in the center, pull the hard spine over the top and almost tuck into the meat, then fold the rest of the leaf around the ball.nPlace in the baking pan with the folded sides down. Repeat. Place them nice and tight next to one another. Add about 12 cup water to the pan to help steam the cabbage rolls. Cover tightly with foil. Cook for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Drizzle with clarified parsley butter and serve., ingredients: [1 small green bell pepper, 14 cup shredded Parmesan, 2 pounds ground beef 8020, 1 pound ground pork, Kosher salt, 1 large head green cabbage, 10 strips applewood bacon, 1 medium yellow onion, 8 ounces ground breakfast sausage, 12 cup white rice, 14 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon seasoning sauce, such as Kitchen Bouquet, 1 large egg, Clarified parsley butter, for serving], title: Cabbage Rolls, picturelink: null}, 43101: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, cream together sugar and butter. Add eggs, cream, cinnamon, vanilla, and raisins, mixing well. Pour into a 9inch square pan 134 inches deep. Arrange bread slices flat in the egg mixture and let stand for 5 minutes to soak up the liquid. Turn bread over and let stand for 10 minutes longer, then push it down so it is covered by the egg mixture do not break bread. Set pan in larger pan filled with water to 12inch from top and cover with aluminum foil. Bake for 4550 minutes, uncovering pudding for the last 10 minutes to brown the top. When done, custard should be soft, not firm.nBOURBON SAUCE: Combine sugar, creamevaporated milk, cinnamon, and buttermargarine in a sauce pan. Bring to a boil. Add cornstarch mixed with 14cup water. Cook, stirring, until sauce is clear. Remove from heat and stir in whiskey., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 8 Tbs. butter, softened 1 stick, 5 eggs, beaten, 1 pint heavy cream 2 cups, dash of cinnamon, 1 Tbs. vanilla extract, 14cup raisins, 12 slices of fresh or stale French bread, 1inch thick, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream or canned evaporated milk, 1 cinnamon stick or dash of ground cinnamon, 1 Tbs. unsalted butter or margarine, 12tsp. cornstarch, 1 Tbs. bourbon, 14cup additional water], title: French Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 43102: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGrill the tomatoes, chiles, garlic and onions until they have a slightly blackened skin. Do not burnnBring 6 cups water to a boil with the blackened veggies until they are cooked through and soft inside.nPour the veggies with the hot water and a little added cold water into a food processor and process. Dont blend too much, you want the mixture to be chunky.nIn a large pot, heat up the oil until smoking. Then carefully add a small amount of the sauce mixture and let it burn away for 1 minute this is for a nice smoky flavor. Then slowly add the rest of the mixture and season with salt and some chicken base.nAdd the tomato puree for color, and mix well. Add the shredded chicken and cook until it is heated through. Add the cilantro. Add the chips and serve immediately on 4 plates. Top each plate with some sour cream, sliced onions, queso fresco and a sprig of cilantro.nServe with guacamole, refried black beans and pico de gallo on the side., ingredients: [10 ripe Roma tomatoes, quartered, 8 serrano chiles, left whole, stems removed, 5 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 white onion, peeled and quartered, 4 tablespoons oil, Salt, Chicken base, for seasoning, 6 ounces tomato puree, 8 ounces cooked and shredded chicken, 3 ounces chopped fresh cilantro, plus cilantro sprigs for serving, 6 ounces tortilla chips, strips or squares are best, 6 ounces sour cream, 1 onion, sliced into rings, 12 ounces crumbled queso fresco cheese or panela cheese, Prepared guacamole, for serving, Prepared refried black beans, for serving, Prepared pico de gallo salsa, for serving], title: Chilaquiles Rojos Traditional Mexican Breakfast Dish, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 43103: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease sides of a 9 by 3inch round baking pan with nonstick cooking spray or butter.nFor topping: Beat the melted butter and brown sugar together in a small bowl. Spread mix over the bottom of prepared baking pan. Arrange 6 pineapple slices around the edge of the pan and 1 in the middle. Place a cherry in the middle of each ring, and the rest between slices at the edges.nFor the Cake: Stir together flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, ginger and cloves in a large bowl. In another large bowl, beat together the butter and the sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs 1at a time. Using a spatula, alternately fold in the flour mixture and the heavy cream and pineapple juice until blended. Spread batter over the pineapple slices and bake for 1 hour or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.nCool in pan for 5 minutes. Then run a metal spatula around the edge to loosen cake, invert a serving plate over the cake pan, and turn cake and plate over together. Remove cake from the pan, and serve the cake warm, with whipped cream., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 7 slices canned pineapple reserve 12 cup juice for cake, 13 candied cherries, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup reserved pineapple juice, Whipped Cream, for garnish], title: Pineapple UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: null}, 43104: {instructions: Bring 2 gallons of water to boil in a large stockpot. Stir in salt and sugar until completely dissolved. Remove from the heat and add the diced carrots, onion, celery, leeks, spices and fresh herbs. Place the stockpot in refrigerator until cold.nRemove the giblets from the turkey. Add the turkey to the stockpot and place a plate on top to weigh the turkey down to insure full immersion. Refrigerate the whole turkey for 72 hours. Remove from brine and place the turkey in a large, disposable, aluminumroasting pan. Allow the turkey to come to room temperature.nMeanwhile, start the grill. When the coals are white hot, bank them up high along the perimeter of the grill so they form a circle. Place the roasting pan on the grill rack and cover with the lid. Control the temperature of the grill by opening and closing the vents. If the grill is too hot, close the vents slightly, but not all of the way. If the grill is too cold, open the vents. While the turkey is cooking, baste frequently with olive oil or butter and pan juices. It may be necessary to add more coals during the cooking process. If so, fire the coals in a cone separately and add them when they are hot.nIts important to know that brined turkeys cook more rapidly than unbrined turkeys. So you should check the internal temperature of the turkey after 1 12 hours grilling time. Remove the turkey from the grill when the deepest part of the thigh reaches 160 F. Let the turkey rest for 20 minutes before carving., ingredients: [2 gallons water, 34 cup plus 2 Tablespoons kosher salt, 34 cup sugar, 3 carrots, peeled and diced, 1 large onion, peeled and diced, 1 bunch celery, diced, 2 leeks, cleaned and diced, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon fennel seeds, 2 star anise, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 bunch fresh sage, 12 bunch Italian parsley, 4 tablespoons olive oil or butter, 1 810 pound whole turkey], title: Grilled Brined Turkey, picturelink: null}, 43105: {instructions: Build a charcoal fire or heat a gas grill.nPlace the ground beef in a large bowl and add the mustard, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Mix gently with a fork to combine, taking care not to compress the ingredients. Shape the meat into 6 3 12inch patties of equal size and thickness.nWhen the grill is mediumhot, brush the grill grate with oil to keep the burgers from sticking. Place the burgers on the grill and cook for 4 minutes. Using a big spatula, turn the burgers and cook for another 3 to 4 minutes, until mediumrare or more, or cook longer if you prefer hamburgers more well done.nMeanwhile, break apart the English muffins and toast the 6 halves cut side down on the grill. Spread each half with mayonnaise and top with a burger and then with a heaping tablespoon of caramelized onions. Serve hot.nHeat the olive oil and butter in a large shallow pot, add the onions and thyme, and toss with the oil. Place the lid on top and cook over mediumlow heat for about 10 minutes to sweat the onions. Remove the lid and continue to cook over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, for 25 to 30 minutes, until the onions are caramelized and golden brown. If the onions are cooking too fast, lower the heat. Add the vinegar, salt, and pepper and cook for 2 more minutes, scraping the brown bits from the pan. Season to taste they should be very highly seasoned.nYield: 6 servings, ingredients: [2 pounds ground Niman Ranch beef or other grassfed premium beef 80 percent lean and 20 percent fat, 1 tablespoon good Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for brushing the grill, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 sandwichsize English muffins, halved, Good mayonnaise, Caramelized Onions, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 pounds yellow onions, peeled and sliced in halfrounds, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Niman Ranch Burgers, picturelink: 6d0uMZeKVsbi.tyTgBsQUpqky0K.W}, 43106: {instructions: Whisk together vinegar, shallots, salt and pepper. In a slow stream add the oils. Set aside. Toss together greens, walnuts and dressing. Serve with Stilton cheese., ingredients: [14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, Salt, pepper to taste, 12 cup canola oil, 14 cup walnut oil, 1 pound mesclun salad, 1 cup toasted walnuts, Stilton cheese], title: Mesclun Salad with Stilton and Toasted Walnuts, picturelink: null}, 43107: {instructions: With a small knife trim a strip down the length of the rounded side of each celery rib to form a flat bottom and cut the ribs on the diagonal into 1 12inch boats. Put the celery boats in a bowl of ice and cold water and chill them, covered, until ready to assemble the hors doeuvres. Cut 6 ounces of the Gruyere into 1inchjulienne strips and grate fine the remaining 2 ounces. In a food processor or blender combine the grated Gruyere and the pine nuts and blend the mixture until it is minced fine. Add the basil and the vinegar and blend the mixture until it is a paste. With the motor running add the oil in a stream and blend the pesto until it is emulsified. In a bowl toss the julienned Gruyere with the pesto and fill the celery boats, drained and patted dry, with the mixture. The hors doeuvres may be made up to 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Serve the hors doeuvres at room temperature., ingredients: [1 bunch of celery, separated into ribs, washed well, trimmed, and strings discarded, 12 pound Gruyere, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 12 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 13 cup olive oil], title: Celery Boats with Gruyere Pesto, picturelink: null}, 43108: {}, 43109: {instructions: Heat a large casserole or deep skillet that can later be covered over mediumhigh heat for 2 or 3 minutes add bacon stirring until crisp, remove with a slotted spoon and reserve, leave bacon drippings in pan if desired add the oil and the crushed garlic clove cook, stirring, for I minute, then remove and discard the garlic. Add the meat chunks to the skillet a few at a time, turning to brown well on all sides. Do not crowd or they will not brown properly cook them in batches if necessary. You may find it easier to do the initial browning in the oven: Preheat to 500 degrees and roast the meat with 1 tablespoon of the oil and the garlic clove, shaking the pan to turn them once or twice, until brown all over. Remove the garlic clove before continuing. Season the meat with salt and pepper as it cooks. When the meat is brown, remove it with a slotted spoon. Pour or spoon off most of the fat and turn the heat to medium. Add the onions. Cook, stirring, until they soften, about 10 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for about 2 minutes. Add the stock or water or wine, bay leaf, thyme, and meat, and bring to a boil. Turn the heat to low and cover. Cook, undisturbed, for 30 minutes.n Uncover the pan the mixture should be quite soupy if it is not, add a little more liquid. Add the potatoes and carrots, turn the heat up for a minute or so to resume boiling, then lower the heat and cover again. Cook 30 to 60 minutes until the meat and vegetables are tender. Taste for seasoning and add more salt, pepper, andor thyme if necessary. If you are not planning to serve the stew immediately, remove the meat and vegetables with a slotted spoon and refrigerate them and the stock separately. Skim the fat from the stock before combining it with the meat and vegetables, reheating, and proceeding with the recipe from this point. Add the minced garlic and the peas and bacon if you are pleased with the stews consistency, continue to cook, covered, over low heat. If it is too soupy, remove the cover and raise the heat to high. In either case, cook an additional 5 minutes or so, until the peas have heated through and the garlic flavor has pervaded the stew. Garnish and serve.nTime: 1 12 to 2 hours, largely unattended ., ingredients: [14 pound of bacon cubed, 2 tablespoons canola or other neutral oil, or olive oil, 1 clove garlic, lightly crushed, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 to 2 12 pounds beef chuck or round, trimmed of surface fat and cut into 1 to 1 12inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 large or 3 medium onions, cut into eighths, 3 tablespoons flour, 3 cups chicken, beef, or vegetable stock, or water, or wine, or a combination, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves or 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 4 mediumtolarge potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 4 large carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 cup fresh or frozen thawed peas, Minced fresh parsley leaves for garnish], title: Beef Stew with Bacon, picturelink: null}, 43110: {instructions: Meringues: Preheat oven to 225 degrees F.nIn a standing mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whip egg whites, cream of tartar, and granulated sugar to soft peaks at high speed. Add the powdered sugar and flour, a third at a time. Whip on high speed to stiff peaks. Fold in the peanuts.nPlace batter in a piping bag, and pipe meringues into 2inch long tubes onto a parchment paper lined sheet tray. Bake for 2 hours.nHot Chocolate: Chocolate Caliente: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nOver a steam bath, melt the chocolate and the butter, stirring with a rubber spatula.nIn an electric mixer cream the sugar and eggs and combine them with the melted chocolate. Add the cocoa and the vanilla extract. Mix until smooth and puddinglike.nButter a mini muffin pan. Pour batter into muffin tin, filling the wells almost to the rim. Bake until center is set, about 25 minutes. Let puddings cool in the muffin pan and then turn out.nPlace chocolate in a shallow bowl, heat for 45 seconds in a microwave, and serve with a dollop of whipped cream and a meringue., ingredients: [1 cup egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 8 ounces powdered sugar, 4 tablespoons flour, 8 ounces chopped peanuts, 12 pound semisweet chocolate chopped, 14 pound butter, cut into six pieces, 1 ounce sugar, 3 eggs, 1 12 ounces cocoa, sifted, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped], title: Peanut Meringues with Hot Chocolate: Cacahuetes Merengues con Chocolate Caliente, picturelink: null}, 43111: {instructions: Heat a grill to high heat.nGrill your onions, bell peppers and hot dog to perfection. Mix together the mayo and BBQ sauce in a small bowl. Top your dog with the sauce, grilled onions and grilled bell peppers. Top it all off with a handful of BBQ potato chips and enjoy. Use remaining sauce, onions and peppers for additional hot dogs., ingredients: [2 large onions, sliced, 2 large red bell peppers, sliced, 1 allnatural hot dog, such as Fritzi Dog or Applegate AllNatural Dogs, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup your favorite BBQ sauce, One 16ounce bag your favorite BBQ potato chips], title: Fritzi Dogs BBQ Dog, picturelink: null}, 43112: {instructions: Place wok over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons sesame oil once hot add marinated tofu and cook for 2 minutes, then add mushrooms, carrots, bok choy, yellow pepper and scallions. Stirfry vegetables quickly then add the soy sauce and oyster sauce. Stir well. Within 5 minutes stirfry should be cooked. Once satisfied with texture place mixture on a serving plate. In the same wok add the remaining tablespoon of oil and add the lightly beaten eggs. Scramble the eggs then add the cooked rice. Stir and fry. Serve with tofu vegetable mixture.nIn a medium bowl add tofu, red chili flakes, soy sauce and rice wine vinegar. Stir making sure tofu is covered. Let tofu sit for 10 minutes.nIn medium saucepan add 2 cups water and salt, bring to a boil add rice and cover. Lower heat and cook for about 20 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sesame oil, divided, Marinated Tofu, recipe follows, 12 cup quartered white button mushrooms, 1 medium carrot, julienned, 1 baby bok choy, quartered, 12 yellow pepper, sliced, 3 scallions, sliced, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 teaspoons oyster sauce, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups cooked ShortGrain Rice, recipe follows, 1 package firm tofu, cut into 1inch cubes, Red chili flakes, Soy sauce, Rice wine vinegar, 2 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup shortgrain white rice], title: Tofu StirFry with Fried Rice, picturelink: 2tKIJb16.x8AdC0w3gjxv1OskUQCr7K}, 43113: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan, simmer apricots, water, and 12 cup of the sugar, covered, for 20 minutes. Transfer hot mixture to a food processor and puree until very smooth. Force puree through a fine sieve into a bowl and stir in the lemon juice, rum, vanilla, and 1 pinch of salt. Cool puree completely. Puree may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring puree to room temperature before proceeding. Transfer puree to a large bowl. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter six, 7ounce 3 12 by 1 34 ramekins and coat with additional sugar, knocking out the excess. With an electric mixer, beat whites with a pinch of salt until foamy. Beat in cream of tartar and beat whites until they hold soft peaks. Beat in remaining 14 cup of sugar, a little at a time, and beat meringue until it just holds stiff peaks. Whisk about one fourth of the meringue into the puree to lighten, then fold in remaining meringue gently but thoroughly. Ladle batter into ramekins and bake souffles on a baking sheet in the middle of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until puffed, golden brown, and just set in center. Remove ramekins from oven. Whisk heavy cream until doubled in volume, add rum and continue to whisk until light and fluffy. With 2 forks pull open center of each souffle. Place a dollop of rumlaced whipped cream in opening., ingredients: [6 ounces dried apricots about 1 12 cups, 1 12 cups water, 34 cup sugar plus additional for coating ramekins, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon dark rum if desired, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 2 pinches of salt, 5 large egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon dark rum], title: Apricot Souffles with Vanilla Rum Whipped Cream, picturelink: 0J1vVsRUBXlU18O4A4XRuRAdv7noLtW}, 43114: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace a large pot of water on to boil for spaghetti. When it boils, add salt and pasta and cook to al dente.nMix beef and Worcestershire, egg, bread crumbs, cheese, garlic, salt and pepper. Roll meat into 1 12 inch mediumsized meatballs and place on nonstick cookie sheet or a cookie sheet greased with extravirgin olive oil. Bake balls 10 to 12 minutes, until no longer pink.nHeat a deep skillet or medium pot over moderate heat. Add oil, crushed pepper, garlic and finely chopped onion. Saute 5 to 7 minutes, until onion bits are soft. Add beef stock, crushed tomatoes, and herbs. Bring to a simmer and cook for about 10 minutes.nToss hot, drained pasta with a few ladles of the sauce and grated cheese. Turn meatballs in remaining sauce. Place pasta on dinner plates and top with meatballs and sauce and extra grated cheese. Serve with bread or garlic bread and some good chianti, ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, Salt, for pasta water, 1 14 pounds ground sirloin, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 egg, beaten, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, a couple of handfuls, 14 cup grated Parmesan, ParmigianoReggiano or Romano cheese, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 cloves garlic, crushed or chopped, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 cup beef stock, available on soup aisle in market in small paper boxes, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, A handful chopped flatleaf parsley, 10 leaves fresh basil leaves, torn or thinly sliced, Grated cheese, such as ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, for passing at table, Crusty bread or garlic bread, for passing at the table], title: Spaghetti and Meatballs, picturelink: 9M8CLNh6AS.PayE.EV0qlm1VZC774N2}, 43115: {instructions: Put the 14 cup olive oil and the garlic slices in a large skillet and place over medium heat. When the garlic starts to turn a light golden brown, add the broccoli rabe, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Stir to coat evenly in the oil. Cover the skillet with a lid and turn the heat down to low. Cook until the broccoli rabe stems are just tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Uncover and turn the heat up to mediumhigh. Stir in the cherry pepper pickling liquid and cook until the pan is dry, an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool completely.nSlice the semolina loaf horizontally and lay the two halves cutside up. Pull out some of the bread from both halves reserve for another use, leaving a 12inch border. Drizzle both halves with some olive oil. Spread half of the broccoli rabe on the bottom half. Layer on the cherry peppers, provolone, prosciutto, salami, mortadella, the remaining broccoli rabe and the top half of bread. Wrap tightly in parchment, wax paper or plastic wrap andtie with twine if necessary. Place a brick see Cooks Note or castiron skillet on top for at least 3 hours to flatten, refrigerated. About 45 minutes before serving, bring the sandwich to room temperature., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 bunch about 114 pounds broccoli rabe, chopped into 12 inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup sliced pickled hot cherry peppers, roughly chopped, plus 3 tablespoons of their pickling liquid, 1 large sesame semolina loaf about 14by4inches and about 10 ounces, 13 pound thinly sliced provolone, 14 pound thinly sliced prosciutto, 14 pound thinly sliced salami, 14 pound thinly sliced mortadella], title: Italian Combo and Broccoli Rabe Pressed Hero, picturelink: rqHF2jkknyfKf5Xu8AfXG5.4E5PFrOa}, 43116: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees.nFor the meatballs, combine the pork, salt, pickled peppers, eggs and bread in a large bowl.nUsing an ice cream scoop, scoop 24 meatballs onto a baking sheet greased with the olive oil and bake for 17 minutes.nFor the sauce, heat the oil in a pan and add the onion, pork, chilli flakes, and salt and cook for 15 minutes. Add the tomato paste and plum tomatoes with their liquid and cook for an additional 30 to 40 minutes, crushing the plum tomatoes as the sauce cooks.nFor each serving, toast a brioche roll, cut side up, under the broiler until golden brown, and ladle sauce over each half of the roll. Place a thick slice of mozzarella on the top half of the roll, and smash one meatball between a set of tongs and place it on the bottom half of the roll. Repeat with a second meatball. Melt the cheese under the broiler and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds ground pork shoulder, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 jarred pickled peppers, minced, 2 large eggs, 4 slices fresh white bread, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, finely diced, 1 pound ground pork shoulder, 2 teaspoons chilli flakes, 2 teaspoons kosher salt or to taste, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Two 28ounce cans whole plum tomatoes, 12 brioche rolls, sliced in half, 12 thick slices mozzarella cheese], title: Smash  Spicy Pork Meatballs with Spicy Pork Sauce, picturelink: rn7C4lFj0h0Swzgj3ns.2O7jEShNaBu}, 43117: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan whisk together sugar cornstarch, and a pinch salt. Chop chocolate and add to sugar mixture. In a bowl whisk together milk and egg yolks and gradually whisk into chocolate mixture. Bring mixture just to boil over moderate heat, whisking constantly, and boil 1 minute, whisking. Remove pan from heat and whisk in butter, vanilla, 1 ounce cacao nibs, and1 tablespoon Kahlua. Divide pudding between 4 8ounce ramekins. Chill puddings in freezer, surfaces covered with plastic wrap, until cooled, about 30 minutes. Garnish with whipped cream and crystalized ginger., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, Pinch Salt, 4 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate, 2 58 cups whole milk, 2 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1ounce ScharffenBerger cacao nibs, 2 tablespoons Kahlua liqueur, Whipped cream, for garnish, Crystalized ginger, for garnish], title: Bittersweet Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: null}, 43118: {instructions: Mix all dry ingredients. Rub on the outside of pork butt before smoking on grill. Note: Multiply this recipe by four if you are smoking a half of pig., ingredients: [12 cup ground black pepper, 12 cup seasoned salt, 1 14 cups turbinado sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 34 tablespoon chili powder], title: Dry Rub for Pork, picturelink: null}, 43119: {instructions: The day before you plan to make the soup, place the bean mix in a large bowl, add cold water to cover by 2 inches and refrigerate overnight. The next day, drain the beans, rinse under cold running water and drain again. Place the beans in a large pot with 8 cups of cold water. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer for 1 hour. Stir occasionally and skim off any foam that rises to the top. The beans should be very tender and the skin will peel away when you blow on a bean.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a medium 10inch stockpot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the pancetta and onion and saute over medium to mediumhigh heat for 12 to 18 minutes, until browned. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and saute for one minute. Add the tomatoes, wine, 4 cups of the chicken stock, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon black pepper and turn off the heat.nDrain the beans and add twothirds of them to the soup. Pass the remaining beans through a food mill, discarding the skins. Stir the bean puree and the pasta into the soup, bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the pasta is tender. Add up to 2 more cups chicken stock if the soup is too thick. Stir in the Parmesan and the vinegar. Ladle the soup into large shallow bowls and add a swirl of olive oil, a sprinkle of Parmesan and some basil. Serve hot with extra Parmesan on the side.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 1pound bag Goya 16 Bean Soup Mix, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for serving, 6 ounces pancetta, 14inchdiced, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, 1 cup dry red wine, 4 to 6 cups good chicken stock, preferably homemade, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup miniature pasta, such as ditalini or tubettini, 12 cup freshly grated Italian Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving, 1 tablespoon good red wine vinegar, Julienned fresh basil leaves, for serving], title: 16 Bean Pasta E Fagioli, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 43120: {instructions: In a blender process the orange juice, frozen yogurt and milk until the mixture is smooth. Serve in a tall glass and garnish with orange slices, ingredients: [1 cup orange juice, 3 scoops frozen vanilla yogurt, 12 cup milk], title: Orange and Vanilla Shake, picturelink: null}, 43121: {instructions: Preheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nCut peaches in half and remove the stone. Brush with oil and sprinkle with salt. Place on the hot grill. If you dont have a grill use a hot saute pan. Cook until soft but not falling apart, approximately 3 minutes on both sides. Set aside to rest.nIn a small bowl mix the mascarpone, cream cheese and powdered sugar together until it reaches a smooth consistency. Use a little hot water to loosen, if mixture remains stiff.nTo finish place 2 halves of the grilled peaches onto a plate. Top with cheese mixture and drizzle with raspberry sauce. Garnish with fresh chopped mint., ingredients: [6 fresh peaches, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Pinch salt, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, 14 cup cream cheese, 14 cup powdered sugar, 12 cup prepared raspberry sauce ice cream topping sauce, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped mint leaves], title: Grilled Peaches and Cream, picturelink: null}, 43122: {instructions: In a large bowl whisk together the lemon juice and mustard, seasoning with salt and pepper to taste. Drain the red onion and pat dry. Just prior to serving the salad, add the arugula and red onion to the dressing and toss to coat. Taste and adjust seasoning with additional lemon juice, salt and pepper if necessary. Sprinkle the salad with the shaved Parmesan and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijonstyle mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 5 cups arugula leaves, trimmed, washed, dried and chilled, 1 small red onion, peeled, cut into very thin rings and soaked in ice water for 15 minutes, 12 cup shaved Parmesan], title: Arugula, Red Onion and Shaved Parmesan Salad, picturelink: null}, 43123: {instructions: 1. Heat margarine in large skillet, add onion, sprinkle with sugar. Cook over low heat until onions are golden and tender, about 20 minutes.n2. Cook green beans in boiling water for 10  13 minutes or until tender. Drain and place in bowl.n3. Spray hot beans with vegetable oil spray and sprinkle with Mrs. Dashu00ae Lemon Pepper Seasoning Blend, toss.n4. Garnish with caramelized onions., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. unsalted margarine, 1 large sweet onion, peeled and cut into strips, 1 Tbsp. sugar, 34 lb green beans, trimmed, vegetable oil spray, 1 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Lemon Pepper Seasoning], title: Green Beans with Caramelized Onions, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 43124: {instructions: Drop biscuits in hot oil for 2 to 3 minutes per side until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Serve with honey butter., ingredients: [One 12ounce can biscuits, 3 to 4 cups vegetable oil, for deep frying, Honey butter, for serving], title: Fried Biscuits, picturelink: LEUqtmvhbgJrPQS1qK29qaTQIr37hm}, 43125: {instructions: Bake the Tater Tots as the label directs. Reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F and lightly coat a 9inch pie plate with cooking spray.nCook the bacon in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat, turning once, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate to drain, then roughly chop.nLightly press the Tater Tots into the prepared dish. Top with the cheese and bacon. Bake until the cheese melts, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the sour cream and mayonnaise with the Sriracha. Drizzle the pie with the spicy mayonnaise and sprinkle with chives.nPhotograph by Mark Weinberg, ingredients: [1 pound about 3 cups frozen Tater Tots, Nonstick cooking spray, 4 slices bacon, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Sriracha, Chopped fresh chives, for topping], title: Cheesy BaconTater Tot Pie, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 43126: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the mushrooms with the extravirgin olive oil, garlic, sage, salt, and pepper, and roast 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the pumpkin puree in a small pot over medium heat with a little chicken stock to thin it out. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Bring the remaining stock to a boil in a saucepot and whisk in the chipotle in adobo, its sauce, and polenta. Keep whisking the polenta until it pulls away from the sides of the pot, then stir in the butter and honey. Combine the pumpkin and polenta and serve in shallow bowls. Top with roasted mushrooms and garnish with pepitas and chives., ingredients: [2 pounds mixed mushroom caps, such as coarsely chopped hen of the woods or wood ears, coarsely chopped shiitakes, thinly sliced porcini, thinly sliced portabellas or criminis, About 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 head garlic, cloves crushed, Small handful sage, chopped or thinly sliced, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup cooked pumpkin puree, 3 cups chicken stock, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 chipotle in adobo, seeded and finely chopped, plus a small spoon of sauce, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons honey, Toasted pepitas, for garnish, Chives, chopped, for garnish], title: Roasted Mushrooms with PumpkinChipotle Polenta, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 43127: {instructions: Place sesame paste in the bowl of a food processor with 1 cup water, lemon juice, garlic and ground cumin. Pulse to combine, then process until the mixture has the consistency of thick cream. Transfer to a bowl and add salt to taste., ingredients: [12 cup sesame paste, 1 cup water, Juice of 2 lemons, 4 chopped garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin], title: Tehina, picturelink: null}, 43128: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 8 x 8inch pan with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE 1 cup flour and sugar in medium bowl. Cut in butter with pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Press firmly into prepared pan.nBAKE 12 to 15 minutes.nCOMBINE sweetened condensed milk, cocoa, egg, 14 cup flour, vanilla and baking powder in large bowl. Dissolve coffee in hot water. Add to cocoa mixture. Mix well. Stir in nuts. Spread over baked crust.nBAKE 20 to 25 minutes or until center is set. Cool. Frost, if desired., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 14 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup butter, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 23 cup unsweetened cocoa, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons Folgersu00ae Instant Coffee crystals, 1 tablespoon hot water, 34 cup chopped nuts, Pillsburyu00ae Chocolate Frosting], title: Fudgy Mocha Brownies, picturelink: NOHYcsVQkAHjDekxETOPClpVD7nug6}, 43129: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a large baking tray with parchment paper. Arrange the bacon on the tray, and bake for 10 minutes or until crisp. Drain the bacon on paper towels.nMeanwhile, whisk together the eggs, cream and salt. Melt the butter in a nonstick frying pan over high heat, taking care not to let it burn. Pour the egg mixture into the pan, and cook for 20 seconds, or until the eggs just set around the edge. With a wooden spoon, gently bring the egg from the outside of the pan and fold it over itself to the center. Leave the eggs to cook for another 20 seconds, and then fold them again in the same way. When the eggs are just set, remembering that they will continue cooking as they rest, remove the heat.nInsert a couple bacon pieces into each bread roll and top them with some egg, arugula, and a spoonful of the tomato relish.nHeat the olive oil in a large saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the capsicums and sweat, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until soft. Add the spices, chile and tomato paste and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add in the sugar, bay leaf and tomatoes. Bring the pan to a low simmer and cook for 40 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, before serving.nPhoto credit: Petrina Tinslay Photography, ingredients: [4 large bacon slices, halved, 4 eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 pinch salt, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 soft bread rolls, Arugula, Spicy Tomato Relish, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 green capsicum pepper, seeded and finely diced, 1 red capsicum pepper, seeded and finely diced, 1 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 red chile, seeded and finely chopped, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 1 pinch sugar, 1 bay leaf, 1 14ounce can chopped tomatoes, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Bacon and Egg Rolls with Spicy Tomato Relish, picturelink: null}, 43130: {instructions: Season steak with salt and pepper, and refrigerate until ready to use.nHeat butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat until bubbling. Crush garlic with the side of a heavy knife. Add garlic, onion, and carrot to saucepan and cook, stirring, until onion is translucent. Add stock and maple syrup, then increase heat to high and boil for 10 minutes. Add beer, simmer briefly, and remove from heat.nHeat broiler. Place meat on a broiler pan and broil for 2 to 3 minutes per side for medium rare. Remove from oven and let rest on a carving board for 5 minutes.nReturn sauce to a simmer, add rosemary, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Strain sauce.nThinly slice meat and spoon sauce over meat to serve., ingredients: [2 pounds skirt steak, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, 1 onion, chopped, 1 small carrot, peeled and chopped, 1 cup veal stock, 12 cup Vermont maple syrup, 6 ounces dark beer, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves], title: Skirt Steak with Maple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 43131: {instructions: Set a saucepan over high heat. Pour in the milk and water. Add the salt and vanilla extract. Bring the liquids to a boil.nWhen the milky water is boiling, pour in the oats. Stir quite vigorously. When the water returns to a boil, turn down the heat to low. Simmer the oats, stirring every few minutes, until the oats are creamy and plump, the liquid fully absorbed, about 15 minutes.nTurn off the heat and cover the pan. Let the oatmeal sit for five minutes to fully absorb the liquid.nTop with your favorite sweetener and fruit. This one is maple syrup, peaches, and blackberries.nVariations: If you cannot eat dairy, almond milk or hemp milk work well here too.nIf you have a fresh vanilla bean, scrape the insides of it into the pot instead of vanilla extract. This will be the best oatmeal you have ever eaten., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 1 cup water, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup whole rolled glutenfree oats], title: A Bowl of GlutenFree Oatmeal, picturelink: uSO8D0KAiidQ2jEuLhO4UK8nwPqGse}, 43132: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.nPlace the chopped greens on the foil. Drizzle with olive oil and gently toss. Top the greens with another piece of foil and seal shut. Roast the greens until tender, about 20 minutes.nPlace the bread cubes, sundried tomatoes, vinegar, extravirgin olive oil, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Gently toss. Add the roasted chard and toss to combine. Serve., ingredients: [1 bunch kale, cleaned and roughly chopped, 1 bunch red chard, cleaned and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 loaf dayold ciabatta bread, cut into 1inch cubes about 8 cups, 1 8ounce jar sundried tomatoes, drained and chopped, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Greens Panzanella Salad, picturelink: null}, 43133: {instructions: Mix breadcrumbs and hazelnuts together. Prepare fish by dredging it in the flour, dipping it in the egg wash and coating the fillets with the breadcrumbhazelnut mixture. Heat a heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat and fry the walleye fillets in clarified butter until the crust is a golden brown. Flip the fish and repeat on the other side. The flesh of the fish should be white all the way through, but not dry and flaky. Serve with lemon wedges for garnish., ingredients: [2 walleye fillets, 12cup flour seasoned with salt and pepper, 2 eggs, beaten with a little milk, 14cup fresh breadcrumbs, 14cup ground hazelnuts, clarified butter or vegetable oil for frying, lemon wedges for garnish], title: HazelnutCrusted Walleye, picturelink: null}, 43134: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine all the vegetables, garlic, salt, pepper, and oil in a large bowl and toss well. The vegetables can be prepared to this point up to 4 hours in advance. Pack the mixture into a 2 12 or 3quart shallow baking dish and flatten the top surface. Bake 45 minutes.nTo make the fresh bread crumbs, tear up the bread and make crumbs out of it in a food processor or blender. Pour the crumbs into a bowl and drizzle with the oil. Rub the oil into the crumbs with your fingertips to moisten them evenly.nRemove the tian from the oven. Spread the crumbs all over the top. Return the tian to the oven and bake 15 minutes more, or until the topping is a rich golden color. Let sit 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 mediumlarge sweet potatoes preferably dark orange, peeled, quartered lengthwise, and sliced 14inch thick, 1 14ounce can small white beans, rinsed in a strainer, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 green bell pepper, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 medium red onion, cut into 2inch chunks and sections separated, 2 plum tomatoes, cut into 1 12inch chunks, 5 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon salt, Generous seasoning freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup olive oil, 3 slices homemadestyle white bread, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Sweet Potato, White Bean, and Pepper Tian, picturelink: null}, 43135: {instructions: Combine mayonnaise and hot sauce together to the consistency desired. Add red pepper, white pepper, and salt, to taste. Set aside.nIn a deep pot, heat 3 inches of oil to 375 degrees F. Dredge the oysters and shrimp in seasoned flour and fry until cooked through and hot for 2 to 3 minutes.nPlace both bread halves on 12inch platter. Spread mayonnaise mixture on top half of sandwich. Add fried seafood and pickles, garnish with lemon., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, Hot sauce, Red pepper, White pepper, Salt, Canola oil, for frying, 3 12 ounce oysters, 3 12 ounce shrimp, Flour, for dredging, 2 pickle slices, 1 10inch roll, halved, 1 slice lemon], title: The Peacemaker: Golden Fried Oyster and Shrimp PoBoy with Hot Sauceinfused Mayonnaise, Lettuce, and Tomato, picturelink: null}, 43136: {instructions: 1. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large, heavy nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the mushrooms and 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 6 minutes.n2. Wipe out the skillet. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in the skillet over high heat until hot. Sprinkle the beef generously with salt and pepper. Sear over mediumhigh heat, turning once halfway through, until browned, about 12 minutes for medium. Transfer the beef to a platter.n3. Add the shallots to the skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring, until golden, about 3 minutes. Add the mustard and heavy cream and bring to a boil, cooking until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the parsley. Spoon the sauce on a plate place the beef on the sauce and scatter the mushrooms over top. Garnish with additional parsley, if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound mixed wild mushrooms, such as shiitake and cremini, trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 6ounce beef fillets, about 1 12 inches thick, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons grainy mustard, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus more for garnish, optional], title: Filet Mignon with Mustard Cream and Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: DJ..wnWRiecqAXojXyG3YSenf1uzyVS}, 43137: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Generously season both sides of steak with salt and pepper. Put a large castiron skillet over high heat. When it is very hot, add the steak to one side of the pan and tomatoes, almonds, garlic, and jalapenos, if using to the other. Sear the steak for 3 to 5 minutes, stirring the tomato mixture once or twice.nOnce a nice crust has formed on one side of steak, turn it over, carefully transfer the nowcharred tomato mixture to a food processor, and put pan in oven. If tomatoes are not a bit blackened, leave them in pan and check again after a minute or two in the oven. Cook until steak is rare to mediumrare, about 6 to 12 minutes longer depending on its thickness an instantread thermometer will register 125 degrees F when steak is mediumrare. Transfer the steak to a plate and let it rest for 5 to 10 minutes.nWhile the steak is cooking or resting, add the vinegar and olive oil to the tomato mixture in a food processor, and season with salt, pepper and pimenton or chili powder, if using. Process the mixture, adding more olive oil or vinegar as you like, until the mixture reaches the desired consistency. Sauce should still be a little crunchy from almonds.nSlice steak thinly, against the grain. Serve with sauce.nWine suggestion for this recipe: Merlot, ingredients: [1 tritip steak, about 2 to 2 12pounds, or other 2inchthick steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, 2 tablespoons almonds, shelled, 3 cloves garlic, lightly crushed, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, optional, 1 to 2 tablespoons sherry or red wine vinegar, 13 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon pimenton or other chili powder, optional], title: TriTip Steak with Tomato Romesco, picturelink: null}, 43138: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPrepare pie crust according to package directions. Divide into 6 equal portions, roll into balls and refrigerate covered for at least 1 hour. On a lightly floured surface, roll each into a circle about 14inch thick.nFor Pies:nPlace each of the rolled out circles onto the baking sheet. Divide cherry pie filling into the center of each of the 6 pie crusts and sprinkle each with the pumpkin pie spice. Fold the edges of the pie dough over the cherry pie filling, making sure to leave the center of the pie exposed. Place a few of the reserved blueberries on top of each pie. Brush the sides of the pies with milk and sprinkle with 2 teaspoons of the sugar. Place pies in the oven and bake for 30 minutes, or until crust is golden brown and filling is bubbling. Remove from oven and allow to cool slightly.nFor Blueberry Topping:nIn a medium sauce pan over medium heat, stir together blueberries, sugar, and two tablespoons water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow to cool to room temperature.nTo serve, place 1 warm pie on 6 plates, top each pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a generous drizzle of the blueberry sauce., ingredients: [1 package double pie crust mix, 1 20ounce can cherry pie filling, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 pint fresh blueberries, reserve 14 cup for garnish, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 2 cups vanilla ice cream], title: Red, White, and Blue Cherry Pies, picturelink: z7RynZoPtHuREO5AAxTmwxM.aEzkZKu}, 43139: {instructions: Place the cilantro, scallions, chiles, onions, lime juice and 34 cup water in a small glass bowl or jar with a tight fitting lid. Add the tomato, if using, season with saltm to taste and stir all of the ingredients together. Cover and set the aji aside at room temperature for several hours to allow the flavors to release into the liquid, then refrigerate until serving.nHeat the oil in a large stockpot over medium heat for 1 minute. Add the onions and garlic and cook until theyre soft and transparent, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the tomatoes, bay leaves, and thyme and continue to cook 5 more minutes. Add the chicken and the beef ribs and cook until the tomatoes have disintegrated, about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally and skimming the foam from the top of the broth when necessary. Add the green plantains, cilantro, and chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, covered, until the plantains are tender, 30 minutes.nUsing a slotted spoon, remove the chicken from the pot and set it aside. Add the potatoes, pumpkin, ripe plantains, yucca and corn and simmer, uncovered, until both are tender, about 20 minutes. Remove the cilantro and the bay leaves and return the chicken to the pot to reheat it. To serve, arrange a piece of chicken, some beef, plantains, and a few pieces of yucca and potatoes on each plate. Serve the broth in a small bowl, and the aji sauce on the side, along with a bowl of rice, corn, some avocados and arepas or tortillas on separate plates., ingredients: [1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 8 scallions, white and light green part only, finely chopped, 12 small Scotch bonnet or habanero pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped white onion, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice about 12 lime, 34 cup water, 1 small plum tomato, cored and finely chopped, optional, Salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large yellow onions, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, finely minced, 2 large tomatoes, cored, peeled, seeded and chopped, 3 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 pounds chicken thighs, skin and excess fat removed, 2 pounds beef flanken ribs also called crosscut ribs, 2 green plantains, peeled and cut into 2inch long pieces, 2 ripe plantains, peeled and cut into 2 inch long pieces, 1 large bunch fresh cilantro, stems tied together with kitchen twine, 14 cups chicken broth, homemade or canned lowsodium broth, 1 12 pounds small red or white potatoes, peeled, 3 cups diced pumpkin or butternut squash, 10 2inch long pieces frozen yucca, 4 ears of corn, husked and quartered, White rice, for serving, optional, 1 medium Hass avocado, halved, seeded, peeled and sliced for serving, optional, Arepas or tortillas, for serving, optional], title: Sancocho with Aji, picturelink: p5oZxBE6QDushmEgpxc4hhgjGZ.idee}, 43140: {instructions: Pop the popcorn according to the package directions, and pour it onto a sheet pan. Drizzle with melted butter and sprinkle with Parmesan and chili powder. Add salt, to taste. Toss to combine. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 3ounce bag reduced fat kettle corn, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon chili powder, Salt], title: Sweet and Smoky Popcorn, picturelink: Jd49CHBjL71UFxl6b0v7RCQHS3HZ6}, 43141: {instructions: Clean and debeard the mussels. Stem them open. Strain the broth you should have 4 cups of broth and 1 pound of mussel meat. Cover the shelled mussels and keep refrigerated until ready to use.nHeat a 4 to 6quart heavy pot over low heat and add the diced salt pork. Once it has rendered a few tablespoons of fat, increase the heat to medium and cook until the salt pork is a crisp golden brown. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the cracklings to a small ovenproof dish, leaving the fat in the pot, and reserve until later.nAdd the butter, ginger, garlic, bell pepper, onion, curry powder, and cayenne pepper to the pot and saute, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, for about 10 minutes, until the pepper and onion are softened but not browned.nAdd the white potatoes and the reserved mussel broth, turn up the heat, and bring to a boil. Cover and cook the potatoes vigorously for 5 minutes. Add the sweet potatoes. The broth should just barely cover the potatoes if it doesnt, add enough water to cover. Lower the heat to medium, cover, and cook for 6 to 8 minutes longer, until the white and sweet potatoes are soft on the outside but still firm in the center. If the broth hasnt thickened lightly, smash a few potatoes and sweet potatoes against the side of the pot and cook a minute or two longer to release their starch.nRemove the pot from the heat and stir in the mussels and cream. Mussels are not as salty as clams, but you will still need to exercise a light hand as you season the chowder with salt. Add black pepper to taste. If you are not serving the chowder within the hour, let it cool a bit, then refrigerate cover the chowder after it has chilled completely. Otherwise, let it sit at room temperature for up to an hour, allowing the flavors to meld.nWhen ready to serve, reheat the chowder over low heat dont let it boil. Warm the cracklings in a low oven 200 degrees F for a few minutes.nLadle the chowder into cups or bowls, making sure that the mussels, bell pepper, onion, and potatoes are evenly divided. Scatter the cracklings over the individual servings and sprinkle with the chopped cilantro and scallions., ingredients: [5 pounds medium PEI mussels or other cultivated mussels or 6 pounds wild, 4 ounces meaty salt pork, rind removed and cut into 13inch dice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh ginger pinkytipsized piece, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped 2 teaspoons, 1 small red bell pepper 4 to 6 ounces, cut into 12inch dice, 1 medium onion 7 to 8 ounces, cut into 12inch dice, 1 tablespoon Madras curry powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 pound Yukon Gold, Maine, PEI, or other allpurpose potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 1 12 cups heavy cream or up to 2 cups if desired, Kosher or sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 3 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Lightly Curried Mussel Chowder, picturelink: null}, 43142: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoarsely dice the onions and celery so there is the same amount of each. Saute the vegetables in the oil in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly, to release the juices, about 10 minutes. Add the sweet and hot paprikas and parsley flakes and continue stirring another 10 minutes. Remove from the pan into large bowl.nCut the bread into 14inch cubes. Slowly mix the bread into the onion and celery mixture, until all the juices are soaked up.nBeat the eggs with the milk in a small bowl. Mix into the stuffing.nChop the poblanos into a fine dice. Mix the poblanos, sage and thyme into the stuffing. Place the stuffing in a large baking dish. Add the chicken stock and combine. Cover with foil. Bake for 30 minutes., ingredients: [8 medium onions, 2 bunches celery, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons sweet Hungarian paprika, 1 tablespoon hot Hungarian paprika, 1 tablespoon dried parsley flakes, 2 loaves white bread, crust removed and air dried, 2 eggs, 12 cup milk, 2 poblano peppers, roasted, peeled and seeded, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 2 teaspoons coarsely chopped fresh thyme, 2 cups chicken stock or turkey broth], title: Bobbified Austrian Country Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 43143: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chicken stock in a large saucepan. Add the garlic and cook over mediumhigh heat until the stock comes to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and very slowly whisk in the cornmeal, whisking constantly to make sure there are no lumps. Switch to a wooden spoon, add the salt and pepper, and simmer, stirring almost constantly, for 10 minutes, until thick. Be sure to scrape the bottom of the pan thoroughly while youre stirring. Off the heat, stir in the Parmesan, creme fraiche, and butter. Taste for seasonings and serve hot with extra Parmesan cheese to sprinkle on top., ingredients: [4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 2 teaspoons minced garlic 2 cloves, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, preferably stoneground, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving, 14 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter], title: Creamy Parmesan Polenta, picturelink: QAGPxeczevfArsgPzaHKiiCnbWfrqy}, 43144: {instructions: In a small pot over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. When it is hot, add the half the onions and cook until soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the No Bean Beef Chili and the beans. Stir and cook until hot.nWrap the tortillas in a damp towel and microwave for 30 seconds to make them warm and pliable.nIn a bowl, mix together the cabbage, tomatoes, remaining onions, and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper.nPlace a tortilla on your work surface and spread 14 of the chili and bean mixture down the middle. Sprinkle with 14 cup cheese and about 14 cup of the cabbage mixture. Fold the sides of the tortilla about 14 of the way in towards the center. Roll up from the bottom, making sure to tuck in the sides as you roll. Repeat with remaining ingredients., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 medium red onion, chopped, divided, 2 cups reserved No Bean Beef Chili, 1 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 4 large flour tortillas, Reserved 12 head cabbage, from Grilled TexMex Pork Chops, shredded, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack, divided], title: Round 2 Recipe  Beef and Bean Burritos, picturelink: Du.Lm6tbOasQJtVKM4WfHVbLRi3DcJS}, 43145: {instructions: Combine the sugar, ginger and 2 cups water in a small pot. Heat over medium heat until the sugar dissolves and the water is hot. Set aside to cool completely. Once cooled, remove the ginger slices.nCombine the ginger syrup, lemon juice and 10 cups water in a large pitcher. Stir and then pour into glasses over ice., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, One 3inch piece ginger, sliced, 2 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Ginger Lemonade, picturelink: 7vPur44XNcC74KPc8QH7cY5tlM47u26}, 43146: {instructions: Place the boccocini and olives on a platter or bowl. Top with basil and thyme, season with salt and pepper, and drizzle with olive oil., ingredients: [1 cup boccocini, 1 cup mixed olives, 14 cup basil chiffonade, Thyme sprigs, for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Drizzle olive oil], title: Antipasto, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 43147: {instructions: Set up a steamer filled with water and lined with banana or cabbage leaves. Bring water to a boil then add the tea bags. In a hot wok heavy coated with oil, add the eggs they should sizzle and stir quickly. They will cook in 10 to 15 seconds. Remove eggs and set aside. In the same, hot wok, coated lightly with oil, add the garlic and ginger, stir, then the garlic chives. Add the rice and gently mix together. Add soy and season with black pepper. Add back the eggs and check for seasoning. Season each mushroom, then stuff with the rice and place in steamer. Steam hard for 15 minutes.nPlating: If banana leaves are available, line a large platter and place the leftover rice, if any, in the middle of the platter. Surround with mushrooms and enjoy.nBeverage: Lapsang Souchong tea or glass of Veuve Clicquot Blanc de Blanc or DVX, ingredients: [Banana or cabbage leaves, 2 teabags lapsang souchong Recommended: Honest Tea Company, Canola oil, to cook, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 12 tablespoon ginger, minced, 2 cups garlic chives, chopped 18inch, 2 cups cooked long grain rice, 1 tablespoon naturally brewed soy sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, 16 large black mushrooms, washed, destemmed, and rehydrated, Salt and white pepper], title: Tea Steamed Chinese Black Mushrooms Stuffed with GarlicChive Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 43148: {instructions: Special equipment: An instantread thermometer and an electronic or balance scalenIn a large mixing bowl, combine the pate fermentee and water and, using your hands, break up the dough into the water.nIn another bowl, whisk together the flour, yeast, and salt. Add the flour mixture to the pate fermentee mixture and mix by hand until firm and cohesive, about 3 minutes. Allow dough to rest for 10 minutes.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Knead the dough until very elastic and smooth, about 10 to 15 minutes. Take the doughs temperature. It should be at 78 degrees F. Transfer the dough to a large bowl and cover with plastic wrap the plastic should not touch the dough. Place the bowl in a warm place about 75 to 78 degrees F. and let rise for a total of 1 hour and 45 minutes. After the first 45 minutes, fold the dough and turn it over in the bowl. It will somewhat deflate the dough, but it is gentler than whats commonly referred to as punching down.nLet the dough rise, undisturbed, for 1 hour more. The dough will rise considerably at this point.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Press the dough gently into a rectangle, to degas it.nPate Fermentee:nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, and yeast. Add the water and, using your hands, mix until incorporated, about 3 minutes. Alternatively, mix in a mixer on the lowest setting possible. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and put in a warm place about 75 degrees F.. Let the dough ferment for 1 hour. Take the doughs temperature. It should be at 75 degrees F.nRefrigerate the dough at least 10 hours and up to 36 hours. When ready, it will be roughly doubled in size and have a fine network of filaments and holes. Make this recipe the night before you mix the dough., ingredients: [1 recipe refrigerated Pate Fermentee 1 34 pounds, recipe follows, 1 12 cups minus 1 tablespoon 80 degree F. water .71 pound, 3 12 cups unbleached, unbromated allpurpose flour 1 pound, 1 teaspoon minus 116 teaspoon instant dry yeast 2.8 grams, 2 14 teaspoons kosher salt 9 grams, 1 14 cups plus 1 tablespoon 63 degree F. water .67 pound], title: Basic Dough with Pate Fermentee, picturelink: null}, 43149: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nDissolve the yeast in the warm water and add maple syrup. Let the mixture sit for a few minutes until it builds a froth. When frothy, add oil, salt and 2 cups flour. Beat well. Add dry milk and wheat germ and mix, then add 2 to 3 more cups flour a little at a time. Knead dough for about 10 minutes. Let dough rise until it doubles in size and punch down.nRoll dough to about 14 to 12inch thickness and spread butter and sprinkle maple sugar onto dough. Roll dough up like a jelly roll. Slice rolls about 1 inch thick and arrange into 2 8inch round pan that have been prepared as follows:nIn each pan, melt about 1 tablespoon butter. Add 34 cup grade A medium or grade B dark maple syrup and 1 cup chopped walnuts. Let the dough rise again until doubled in size. Bake until golden, about 30 minutes.nServe warm and enjoy, ingredients: [1 tablespoon yeast, 2 cups warm water, 2 tablespoons Vermont maple sugar grade B, 2 tablespoons light oil, 2 teaspoons salt, 5 cups unbleached white flour, 12 cup nonfat dry milk, 2 tablespoons wheat germ, 1 12 cups Vermont maple syrup either grade A medium or grade B dark, 2 cups walnuts, chopped], title: Maple Sticky Buns, picturelink: null}, 43150: {instructions: In a large pan, heat the olive oil over high heat, and saute the sausage, until it crisps, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain the pieces on a paper towel, and set aside.nReduce the heat to mediumlow, and add the onion and celery to the pan and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables have softened, about 6 to 7 minutes. Add in the garlic, thyme, and paprika and continue cooking and stirring, until the herbs are fragrant, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook for another minute. Return the chorizo to the pan along with the stock. Bring the liquid to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. Add in the beans and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Season the soup with the sea salt and black pepper before serving., ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 link or 5 12 ounces Chorizo sausage, diced, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 2 celery stalks, diced, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 tomatoes, diced, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 14ounce cans cannellini beans, rinsed, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: White Bean and Chorizo Soup, picturelink: null}, 43151: {instructions: Heat a Dutch oven or soup pot over medium to medium high heat with extravirgin olive oil. Add chorizo and render 2 to 3 minutes. To chorizo, add cabbage and begin to cook it down. While cabbage wilts, trim the leeks of top 3 to 4 inches and root ends then halve them lengthwise and thinly slice. Soak in large bowl of water to release grit. Repeat of leeks are especially sandy. Wipe down work area. Dry the leeks on kitchen towel and add to cabbage with some grated carrot. Season with salt and pepper and bay leaf and sweat the vegetables 3 to 4 minutes. Add chick peas and chicken stock to the pot, cover to bring up to a boil.nUncover pot and turn heat back a bit but keep at a low boil. Stir chicken into soup.nAdd ground meat to a bowl and top with bread crumbs or crumbled bread. Season the bread with paprika, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt and pepper. Add a handful of parsley to the bowl and an egg. Mix and form 1inch meatballs, adding them to the soup as you work. Wash up and simmer meats 5 minutes then stir in egg pasta and simmer 5 minutes more. Turn off soup.nWhile the soup cooks, combine remaining parsley with lemon zest, and chopped garlic Place seeded and chopped tomatoes in a small bowl and combine with lemongarlicparsley mixture.nServe Cocido in shallow bowls and top with spoonfuls of tomato topping to stir in., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound Spanish chorizo, halved lengthwise then sliced 12inch thick, 1 small head or 12 large head, no more than 1 pound, savoy cabbage, shredded, 2 leeks, 1 large carrot, peeled and grated, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 fresh or dry bay leaf, 1 15ounce can chick peas, drained, 6 cups chicken stock, 34 to 1 pound boneless skinless chicken thighs or chicken tenders, cut into bitesized pieces, 34 pound ground beef pork and veal mix, 12 cup plain bread crumbs or 1 slice stale bread, crumbled, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika or paprika, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, A few grates fresh nutmeg, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 handfuls, and divided, 1 egg, beaten, 2 cups fideos or medium egg noodles, 1 lemon, zested, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 firm plum tomatoes, seeded and finely chopped], title: Cocido, picturelink: RqKSTwgejqwywsSnqekwxJT6H1NDQa}, 43152: {instructions: Place the gallon of water and kosher salt into an 8quart pot and place over high heat. Bring to a boil. Once boiling, add the peas and cook for 1 minute. Immediately drain in a colander and then transfer to a container with the 2 quarts of water and the ice. Shock for 1 minute. Pour the peas back through the colander and transfer to a half sheet pan lined with 3 layers of paper towels. Pat dry with additional paper towels. Place the tray in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nAfter 1 hour, remove the paper towels and place the sheet pan on the bottom of the freezer. Leave the peas on the sheet pan for 1 hour. Once frozen, transfer them into a 1 gallon ziptop bag. Lay the bag flat on a counter and using a straw, suck out any remaining air in the bag. Label and return to the freezer., ingredients: [1 gallon water, plus 2 quarts, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound fresh shelled green peas, 1 12 pounds ice], title: Frozen Green Peas, picturelink: null}, 43153: {instructions: 1. Combine dressing, mayonnaise and seasoning. Set aside.n2. Place frozen burgers on baking sheet. Bake at 350 degrees F for 10 minutes. Turn burgers. Spread half of jerk mixture on top of burgers. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes more.n3. Toss together cabbages and remaining jerk mixture. Top burgers with cabbage mixture.nON THE GRILL:nPreheat grillnUse a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 165 degrees F.nHelpful Hints: Save time and energy by substituting purchased cole slaw mix for both the red and green cabbage in this spicy burger recipe. The fabulous flavor stays the same, but you dont have to clean and chop cabbage.nNote: Recipe is vegan only if vegan cole slaw dressing, vegan mayonnaise, and Morningstar Farmsu00ae Grillersu00ae Vegan Veggie Burgers are used.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [2 tablespoons reducedcalorie cole slaw dressing or reducedcalorie vegan cole slaw dressing, 2 tablespoons fatfree mayonnaise or fatfree vegan mayonnaise, 1 12 teaspoons Caribbean jerk seasoning, 34 cup shredded green cabbage or packaged cole slaw mix, 34 cup shredded red cabbage or packaged cole slaw mix, 4 Grillersu00ae Vegan Veggie Burgers or Grillers Primeu00ae Veggie Burgers], title: Caribbean Jerk Burgers, picturelink: 07hCnsKgi0RcEM3KnP8G5y6cQZ83diC}, 43154: {instructions: For the chicken salad: Bring 4 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan. Turn off the heat, add the tea bags and steep for 5 minutes.nRemove the tea bags and bring back to a rolling boil. Stir in 12 teaspoon salt and the chicken. Cover, reduce the heat to low and poach until fully cooked, about 7 minutes. Drain and transfer the chicken to a small bowl to cool to room temperature.nStir together the onions, 3 tablespoons of the yogurt, the mayonnaise, basil, tarragon, vinegar and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Stir in the cooled chicken, cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to combine. Can be made and refrigerated a day ahead.nToast the almonds in a dry skillet over medium heat, stirring constantly, until golden, 3 to 4 minutes.nDivide the chicken among four of the bread slices. Top each with the toasted almonds, salad greens and the remaining bread slices. Cut in half.nFor the smoothies: Combine the apple juice, 1 cup ice, lime juice, basil, apples and avocado together in a blender, and pulse until the ice is incorporated. Then puree until smooth. Divide evenly among four glasses.nServe each sandwich with a smoothie and 12 cup of Greek yogurt topped with 1 tablespoon of raspberry jam., ingredients: [4 jasmine green tea bags, Kosher salt, Two 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into small bitesize cubes, 13 cup finely diced red onion, 2 cups plus 3 tablespoons fatfree plain Greek yogurt, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon, 1 12 teaspoons white balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons sliced natural almonds, 8 slices whole wheat bread, 1 cup packed mixed baby salad greens, 14 cup raspberry jam, 1 cup apple juice, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 6 sprigs fresh basil or mint leaves, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored, skin on and chopped, 1 ripe Hass avocado, pitted], title: Herbal Chicken Sandwiches with AppleAvocado Smoothie, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 43155: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Place the shad, skin side down on a rack in a baking pan and season with salt and pepper. Broil the shad, about 6 inches away from the heat source until the top is lightly browned and fish is cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes, depending upon how thick it is. You do not turn it When done, set on a bed of tomato garnish and serve with buttered spinach or other greens., ingredients: [34 to 1 pound shad fillet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Broiled Filet of Shad, picturelink: null}, 43156: {instructions: For the stock:nPlace all ingredients in a large pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a lively simmer and cook to reduce liquid to 2 cups, approximately 30 minutes. Strain and reserve, keeping stock warm.nTo finish the corn:nBegin heating a large saucepan, and glaze bottom with the extravirgin olive oil. Add the lardons and cook over medium heat, rendering the fat and browning the pieces, stirring as needed. Add the onion and sweat, about 45 seconds. Add the garlic and continue to cook, stirring, another 30 seconds. Add the corn and salt, continuing to cook for another 2 minutes. Add the reserved corncob stock and bring to a simmer, cooking until the liquid reduces to approximately 23 cup. Add the creme fraiche and simmer 3 minutes or until the mixture begins to thicken. Add the butter and stir. Remove pan from heat stir in cilantro and lime zest. Check for seasoning and serve., ingredients: [5 shucked ears corn kernels removed and reserved, 1 bay leaf, 2 cloves garlic, 12 onion peeled and quartered, 1 tablespoon whole coriander seed, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 quarts water, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound thickcut bacon cut into lardoons, 1 cup diced yellow onion, 1 clove garlic minced, Reserved corn kernels, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups reserved corncob stock, 12 cup creme fraiche, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 lime, zested], title: Creamed Corn with Bacon, picturelink: null}, 43157: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: BestEver Easter Dinner, picturelink: null}, 43158: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line muffin pans with 24 muffin liners. In the bowl of an electric mixer with the paddle attachment, whisk both flours, the granulated sugar, baking powder and salt until well combined. With the mixer on low speed, add the butter. Add the eggs, one at a time, scraping the bowl as needed. Add the milk, rum and vanilla, and mix for about a minute until well combined. Fill the prepared muffin pans threequarters full with batter and bake until a toothpick inserted comes out clean, about 24 minutes.nFor the coffee rum syrup: Combine the hot coffee, granulated sugar and rum in a bowl and whisk until the sugar dissolves. Refrigerate until cool.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of an electric mixer with the whisk attachment, combine the whipping cream and marsala and whip until stiff peaks form. In another bowl, mix the mascarpone cheese and powdered sugar with a wooden spoon until well combined. Fold the mascarpone mixture into the whipped cream and refrigerate until use.nTo assemble: Use a pastry brush to soak the cupcakes with the rum coffee syrup, soaking twice. Top with whipped cream marsala mascarpone frosting., ingredients: [6 ounces cake flour, 5 ounces allpurpose flour, 10 12 ounces granulated sugar, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 9 ounces butter, 3 eggs, 6 ounces whole milk, 3 tablespoons dark rum, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 7 ounces hot coffee, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 ounces dark rum, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon marsala wine, 1 pound mascarpone cheese, 1 cup powdered sugar], title: TearIMiss You: Vanilla Rum Cake Soaked with Coffee Rum Syrup and Whipped Cream Marsala Mascarpone Frosting, picturelink: lGrMsskcLJrnP8b2Tss.p73CtSJTN6}, 43159: {instructions: Pour ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [12 cup apple juice, 12 cup low fat vanilla yogurt, 1 cup fresh peaches, sliced, partially frozen, 12 cup raspberries, partially frozen, 1 12 cups ice chips], title: Raspberry Peach Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 43160: {instructions: Mist a 5to6quart slow cooker with nonstick cooking spray. Mix the coconut water, coconut milk, 1 12 cups water, sugar, vanilla and salt in the bowl of the slow cooker until the sugar is dissolved. Stir in the rice and cook on high 4 hours or low for 5 to 6 hours.nUncover, stir well and let stand 15 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in the butter. Continue to cool, stirring, until warm. Stir in the lime zest. Serve warm or chill until cold. Top as desired., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 3 cups coconut water, One 13.5ounce can lite coconut milk, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 14 cups short grain brown rice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest], title: SlowCooker Coconut Brown Rice Pudding, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}, 43161: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water up to a boil then season water with salt and cook penne to al dente. Heads up: you will need to reserve 1 or 2 ladles of starchy cooking water, 12 to 34 cup, before draining the pasta.nPlace 12 of the peas in the bottom of a large serving dish. Place the rest of the peas in a food processor with the pine nuts, basil, tarragon leaves, lemon zest, cheese and olive oil. Add a little salt and pepper then process the pesto into rough paste, adjust seasonings.nPour starchy water over peas in bowl then add pesto. Pour hot, drained pasta over the pesto and toss vigorously to coat and combine. Adjust seasoning and serve, passing extra cheese at the table., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound wholewheat penne pasta, 1 package frozen peas, defrosted, 14 cup lightly toasted pine nuts, 1 cup packed basil leaves, 6 to 8 sprigs fresh tarragon, leaves stripped, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 cup grated Parmigiano, a couple of handfuls, plus more for serving, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Spring Peasto with WholeWheat Penne, picturelink: TEF85cp8EvrBhCdhKZdwI3rOIDEiGW}, 43162: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil in a large pot. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain the pasta in a colander, reserving 2 tablespoons of the pasta water. The reserved pasta water will help create the sauce. Do not rinse pasta with water  you want to retain the pastas natural starches so that the sauce will stick.nHeat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute until light brown and fragrant. Its important not to burn the garlic or else it will become bitter. Remove and discard the browned garlic. Add the red pepper flakes and saute for 1 minute. Carefully add the pasta and toss to coat in the flavored oil. Add the reserved pasta water and cook, stirring, to create a sauce, 1 minute.nRemove the pan from the heat and top with the fresh herbs., ingredients: [1 pound dried spaghetti, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, plus more if desired, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Spaghetti with Garlic, Olive Oil and Red Pepper Flakes, picturelink: a5RcKaTw6NI5kz0l2FsWru1R9kodaW}, 43163: {instructions: Cut the tomatoes in half and lay face up on a sheetpan prepared with olive oil. Sprinkle the tomatoes with olive oil, salt and pepper. Let dry in a 200 degree oven for 4 to 5 hours. Tomatoes will not dry out completely. Put the tomatoes, garlic, olive oil, oregano, basil, and salt in a blender or food processor.nProcess until the mixture is roughtextured, not completely smooth, ingredients: [1 12 pounds vine ripe tomatoes, 12 teaspoon garlic, roasted, 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon fresh oregano, 5 to 7 leaves fresh basil, Dash salt], title: Sundried Tomato Pesto, picturelink: null}, 43164: {instructions: LINE baking sheet with wax paper.nMICROWAVE semisweet morsels and vegetable shortening in small, uncovered, microwavesafe bowl on HIGH 100 power for 20 seconds STIR. The morsels may retain some of their original shape. If necessary, microwave at additional 10 to 15second intervals, stirring just until morsels are melted.nDIP the end of each spoon in melted chocolate, tilting bowl to easily dip. Use side of bowl to remove excess. Place on prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate for 15 minutes or until set.nMICROWAVE white morsels in small, heavyduty plastic bag on MEDIUMHIGH 70 power for 20 seconds knead. Microwave at additional 10 to 15second intervals, kneading until smooth. Cut tiny corner from each bag. Squeeze to drizzle over ends of already dipped spoons. Dip spoons in crushed peppermints return to baking sheet. Let stand until set. Insert spoons into bags and secure with ties. Store at room temperature.nPaired with NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae ULTIMATESu2122 Dark Chocolate Delight Cookie Dough, ingredients: [14 cup NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae SemiSweet Chocolate Morsels, 12 teaspoon vegetable shortening, 2 tablespoons NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae Premier White Morsels, 3 about 1 tablespoon hard peppermint candies, unwrapped and crushed into small pieces, 8 plastic spoons for dipping in chocolate, 8 cellophane bags and twist ties or ribbons for wrapping], title: Dipped Peppermint Spoons, picturelink: NHxA3yuZtwLjLf745IreWsPgSktYY9G}, 43165: {instructions: Thaw the frozen phyllo pastry sheets in the refrigerator overnight, and then bring these to room temperature prior to use for easier handling.nDrain the feta cheese from the brine. Cut the block of feta using a thin, sharp knife into 6 slices, approximately 2 by 4 inches and 12inch thick. Set the slices on a clean kitchen towel to dry.nLay the phyllo sheets on a flat surface and cut with kitchen scissors or a small sharp knife to size. They should be cut into rectangles, approximately 8 by 12 inches. Use a ruler if needed.nLay 1 cut piece of phyllo in front of you like a sheet of wrapping paper  the 12inch length top to bottom. Place a slice of feta at the top end of the sheet slightly below the edge and wrap it up as you would a small package. Fold the top end of the sheet over the feta and then fold the left and right sides over. Flip the partly wrapped feta down the sheet towards you until it is fully wrapped. If needed, a little water can be used to seal the last edge of the sheet onto itself.nSet aside with the sealed edge on the bottom of the package so the weight keeps the phyllo closed. Do not stack packages on top of each other. Continue to wrap all the pieces of feta.nHeat the oil to 350 degrees F in a deep sided skillet using sufficient oil to float the package, about 3 to 5 inches of oil. Fry to a golden brown, about 5 minutes on each side. The pastry should puff up slightly. Remove with tongs or a slotted spoon and drain on a papertowel lined plate.nServe each package on an individual plate or, if on a serving platter, do not stack the packages. Drizzle each package with about 2 tablespoons of honey and sprinkle with a teaspoon of black sesame seeds. Top with cut pieces of candied fig or a teaspoon of chunky fig jam., ingredients: [Phyllo pastry sheets from 1 frozen package recommended: medium or thick style, if available, 1 12 pounds Greek feta cheese, in block form, Vegetable or sunflower oil, for frying, 34 cup Greek honey, 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds, 1 small jar candied figs, or fig jam], title: Santorini Warm Country Feta, picturelink: aWW6zyXMPgWYDUo44PiV2A0Rvrllxju}, 43166: {instructions: In a heavybottomed soup pot, heat the olive oil over medium heat until hot, but not smoking. Add the onions, carrots and celery, searing the vegetables until the carrots have browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, then add the stock, beans, red pepper, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer until the vegetables and beans soften, about 20 minutes. Then add the pork, tomatoes and parsley and allow the soup to cook until the tomatoes have softened, an additional 10 minutes. Finally, reduce the heat to low and add the pasta, cheese, oregano and basil to the soup to finish for 20 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups chopped onions, 1 cup sliced carrots 14inch halfmoon shape, 1 cup largediced celery, 12 cups chicken stock, 4 cups canned cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup diced roasted red pepper, 12 cup minced garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 cups cooked and pulled pork, 4 cups rough chopped red tomatoes, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, minced, 3 cups cooked fusilli, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, minced, 6 fresh basil leaves, rolled and sliced], title: Pasta Fagioli, picturelink: knNNbnwOMs6hKPiLj5KywHlP1SsQlcO}, 43167: {instructions: Place beef in large pot and cover with water. Add peppercorns. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 3 12 to 4 hours, until fork tender and meat easily releases when pierced. Add vegetables to simmering pot, in stages, during final hour of cooking time: Add onions with one hour of cooking time remaining carrots and turnips with 45 minutes remaining cabbage with 30 minutes remaining and potatoes with 20 minutes remaining. Serve with mustard, pickles, and country rye bread., ingredients: [3 to 4 pounds fresh uncooked corned beef brisket, Water, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 6 carrots, peeled, thickly sliced, 2 large turnips, peeled and quartered, 12 small white onions, peeled with root end left intact, 16 small new potatoes, scrubbed, 1 small cabbage head, outer leaves removed, quartered], title: New England Style Corned Beef, picturelink: null}, 43168: {instructions: For the cooking liquid, in a large pot, combine all the cooking liquid ingredients. Place over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes. Strain, discarding the solids. Let the liquid cool in the pot.nFor the shrimp: Add the shrimp to the cooled cooking liquid. Heat over mediumhigh heat for 8 minutes. When cooked, remove shrimp to a bowl and reserve the liquid.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the cider vinegar, lemon juice, sugar, salt, and dill weed. Add the shrimp and let stand for 15 minutes.nIn each of 6 8ounce jars, layer the shrimp and onion slices. Add 2 peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 1 garlic clove, and 1 whole clove to each jar. Divide the vinegar mixture among the jars. Top off each jar with the reserved cooking liquid. Screw the lids on tightly and store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. Discard bay leaves., ingredients: [8 cups water, 1 large stalk celery, coarsely chopped about 23 cup, 1 large carrot, peeled and coarsely chopped about 23 cup, 1 medium onion, chopped 12 cup, 3 fresh parsley sprigs, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 cloves garlic, 5 peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon dill weed, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 12 whole peppercorns, 6 bay leaves, 6 cloves garlic, 6 whole cloves], title: Bobbys Pickled Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 43169: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat oil in saucepan and add onion, garlic, and green pepper. Cook for 2 minutes. Stir in brown sugar when dissolved, add lemon zest and juice, ketchup, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne, and tarragon. Reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes.nPlace rack in roasting pan and brush with oil. Place ribs on rack and season with salt and pepper. Brush with a little sauce. Cook for 1 12 hours, basting every 15 minutes with sauce.nRemove and section ribs. Serve sticking out of mashed potatoes, to resemble a hedgehog.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice off ends of potatoes. Coat each potato in salt and bake for 1 12 hours.nRemove potato from skins and place in a bowl. Heat a little clarified butter in pan. Add bacon and fry until crisp. Remove bacon with slotted spoon and add to potato. Mash in butter, and season with salt, pepper, nutmeg, and juice. Add egg white and whisk until smooth. Serve in a mound, speared by ribs.nYield: 4 servingsnRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [14 cup oil, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 green bell pepper, finely diced, 1 12 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 12 cup tomato ketchup, 12 cup malt vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, 4 14ounce pork spareribs, punctured with a knife, Salt, to taste, Black pepper, to taste, Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 2 pounds large potatoes, Salt, to coat and more to season, Clarified butter, 3 ounces bacon, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, Pepper, to taste, Nutmeg, to taste, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 egg white, stiffly beaten], title: Pork Spareribs with Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 43170: {instructions: Brush 4 links of fresh Mexicanstyle chorizo different from smoked Spanish chorizo with olive oil. Place in a castiron skillet with sliced onions and garlic roast in a 400 degree oven until the sausages are cooked through and browned, about 12 minutes, turning once.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [], title: Roasted Spicy Sausage, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 43171: {}, 43172: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to the boil, add razor clams and cook for 1 minute. Remove the clams and submerge them in an ice bath to stop the clams from cooking and retaining its texture.nRemove the clams from its shell then place in a large mixing bowl discarding the shells. Add pickled vegetables, onion, perilla leaves, mint leaves, Vietnamese mint leaves, coriander, basil, fried shallots, fried garlic chips, garlic oil, and dipping fish sauce. Mix well, transfer to a plate and garnish with crushed peanuts and sliced chile.nCombine the fish sauce, vinegar, sugar, and water in a saucepan and place on medium heat. Stir well and cook until just before boiling point is reached, then allow to cool. To serve, finely chop the garlic and chile and stir through with the lime juice., ingredients: [8 ounces razor clams, 1 cup pickled vegetables, 12 small onion, finely sliced, 5 fresh perilla leaves, sliced See Cooks Note, 5 fresh mint leaves, sliced, 5 fresh Vietnamese mint leaves, sliced, 5 fresh sawtooth coriander leaves, sliced, 5 fresh Asian basil leaves, sliced, 1 teaspoon fried red Asian shallots, 1 teaspoon fried garlic chips, 2 teaspoons garlic oil, 3 tablespoons dipping fish sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon crushed roasted peanuts, 1 chile, sliced for garnish, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 ounces or 12 cup water, 2 cloves garlic, 1 chile, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice], title: Razor Clam Salad: Goi So Mong Tay, picturelink: null}, 43173: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Mix together the preserves and mustard in a small bowl and set aside.nScore the surface of the ham in a diamond pattern, about 18 inch deep. Bake according to the package instructions, 2 12 hours or longer. About 30 minutes before the cooking time is up, remove the ham from the oven and brush the glaze onto it. Cook until its nice and glossy. Repeat with another layer of glaze if desired.nServe the remaining glaze in a dish alongside the ham., ingredients: [1 cup raspberry preserves, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 fully cooked bonein ham 18 to 20 pounds], title: Christmas Ham with Raspberry Mustard, picturelink: YDCuiNXp.7Ioh33seRqjVXOXbt70kly}, 43174: {instructions: Prepare the compote: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Core the tomatoes and halve crosswise, then squeeze out the seeds. Put the tomatoes cutside up on a baking sheet. Drizzle with 3 tablespoons olive oil sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Roast until shriveled, about 40 minutes. Cool slightly, then slip off the skins. Cut into chunks.nToast the coriander and cumin seeds in a skillet over medium heat, about 2 minutes. Remove from the skillet and grind with a spice grinder or chop with a knife. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the garlic and ginger in the skillet over medium heat and cook until beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, ground coriander and cumin, and salt and pepper to taste.nPrepare the crabs: Heat 18 inch vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Put the polenta in a baking dish add 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Put the milk in a bowl. Dip the crabs in the milk and shake off the excess, then dredge in the polenta and shake off the excess.nWorking in batches, fry the crabs, upsidedown first, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate. Wipe out the skillet and add fresh oil between batches.nReheat the compote and stir in the herbs. Serve the crabs with the compote and lime wedges.nPhotograpg by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 pounds medium tomatoes, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped peeled ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil andor cilantro, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups polenta, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup whole milk, 8 large fresh softshell crabs, cleaned, Lime wedges, for serving], title: SoftShell Crabs With Tomato Compote, picturelink: c1QNSOms5UG4TjdOn8uAg2l6xrGtfhu}, 43175: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir the chickpeas, celery, onion, parsley, chiles, garlic, olive oil, and vinegar. Season, to taste, with salt. Serve immediately or let stand for 1 or 2 hours and reseason just before serving.nSlice the bread into 12inch thick slices. Toast on a preheated grill or in an oven for 4 to 5 minutes. Brush 1side with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nSpoon some of the chickpea mixture over the bread slices and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 cans 14 ounces each chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 2 12 cups celery, including some of the chopped leaves, 1 cup red onion, minced, 6 tablespoons minced fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, 12 teaspoon minced Calabrian chiles, or more to taste can substitute with red chili flakes, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons Champagne vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 loaves ciabatta or Italian bread, Extra virgin olive oil, for brushing], title: Ceci alla Siciliana, picturelink: null}, 43176: {instructions: Parboil potatoes for 15 minutes until barely tender. Drain, peel them and cut into thick slices. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nWith some of the melted butter, lightly grease bottom of shallow casserole. Arrange all of the potato slices overlapping in the bottom of a casserole and season well with salt and pepper sprinkle with half of Parmesan.nArrange tomatoes over potatoes and season them with salt and pepper and half of parsley. Scatter mozzarella over tomatoes. Mix parsley with melted butter and season with salt and pepper and scatter over mozzarella. Top with remaining Parmesan and bake for 25 minutes or until all ingredients are hot and cheese is melted., ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 112 pounds vine ripened tomatoes, sliced, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 8 ounces grated mozzarella cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato and Cheese Gratin, picturelink: null}, 43177: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and ginger and cook 1 minute. Add bok choy and soy sauce cook 3 to 5 minutes, until greens are wilted and stalks are crisptender. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 8 cups chopped fresh bok choy, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, Salt and ground black pepper], title: StirFried Bok Choy with Ginger and Garlic, picturelink: JWrsNPJPRFglb1DBbkw2WRRjaZU6FBi}, 43178: {instructions: Combine the crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, bay leaves and parmesan rind in a 6quart slow cooker. Add 1 cup water, 14 cup parsley, 2 chopped garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper.nCombine the breadcrumbs and milk in a medium bowl soak 2 minutes. In a separate bowl, combine the beef, eggs, 1 cup parmesan, the remaining 14 cup parsley and 2 chopped garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Add the breadcrumbmilk mixture and mix with your hands until combined. With damp hands, shape into 24 meatballs, about 1 12 inches each transfer to the slow cooker.nAdd the sausage pieces to the slow cooker, then cover and cook on low, 7 hours. Remove the bay leaves and parmesan rind and stir in the remaining 12 cup parmesan. Season with salt and pepper. Serve on the bread and top with mozzarella.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 28ounce cans whole San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 2 bay leaves, 1 12 cups grated parmesan cheese about 3 ounces, plus 1 small piece parmesan rind, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup breadcrumbs, 12 cup whole milk, 1 12 pounds ground beef chuck, 2 large eggs, 1 12 pounds sweet andor hot Italian sausage, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 loaves Italian bread, cut into 3inch pieces and split open, Shredded mozzarella cheese, for topping], title: MeatballSausage Subs, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 43179: {instructions: Bring the milk, sugar and vanilla beans to a bare simmer over low heat for 10 minutes to infuse vanilla flavor. Remove the bean pods and keep the milk hot.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large saucepan over moderate heat. Stir in the rice and cook, stirring until the rice is hot, about 2 minutes. Begin adding the hot milk 1 cup at a time, stirring often and adding more milk when the previous addition has been absorbed. Adjust heat to maintain a nice simmer. It will take about 20 minutes for the rice to become creamy and al dente. It is possible you may not need all of the milk. Remove the risotto from the heat and stir in the remaining butter, and chopped chocolate. Sprinkle with chopped hazelnuts, shave white chocolate over the top and serve., ingredients: [6 cups milk, 1 cup sugar, 2 vanilla beans, split lengthwise, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 cups Arborio rice, 14 pound chopped bittersweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons chopped hazelnuts, Small piece white chocolate, to shave for garnish], title: Chocolate Risotto Pudding, picturelink: Bjrplcqrknlt75CY909f4PsPjdrEOfm}, 43180: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and oil a 9inch glass pie plate.nRoast and peel poblanos. Wearing protective gloves, cut chiles into 12inch dice. Melt butter. Into a small bowl sift together flour, salt, and baking powder. In a large bowl with an electric mixer, beat eggs until doubled in volume, about 3 minutes. Add butter, flour mixture, and cheeses and beat well. Stir in chiles and pour mixture into pie plate. Bake custard in middle of oven until top is puffed and golden brown and a tester comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes.nServe cheese puff immediately it will fall slightly with salsa., ingredients: [4 fresh polbano chiles about 34 pound, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 6 large eggs, 1 cup cottage cheese, 12 pound freshly grated Monterey Jack about 2 cups, Fresh tomato salsa, as an accompaniment], title: GreenChile Cheese Puff, picturelink: null}, 43181: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the sauce:nCoat a 3quart saucepan with the oil and place over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the vinegar and sugar simmer, until the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and remove from the heat.nPlace a skillet over medium heat and coat with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Sautu00e9 the onion and garlic for about 5 minutes, until soft. Stir in the tomato paste, a splash of wine, parsley, and 12 cup of the prepared sweet and sour tomato sauce, mix to incorporate and then take it off the heat. Combine the ground meat in a large mixing bowl. Add the egg, the cooked rice, and the sauteed onion mixture. Toss the filling together with your hands to combine, season with a generous amount of salt and pepper.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Remove the large, damaged outer leaves from the cabbages and set aside. Cut out the cores of the cabbages with a sharp knife and carefully pull off all the rest of the leaves, keeping them whole and as undamaged as possible, get rid of all the small leaves and use them for coleslaw or whatever. Blanch the cabbage leaves in the pot of boiling water for 5 minutes, or until pliable. Run the leaves under cool water then lay them out so you can assess just how many blankets you have to wrap up the filling. Next, carefully cut out the center vein from the leaves so they will be easier to roll up. Take the reserved big outer leaves and lay them on the bottom of a casserole pan, let part of the leaves hang out the sides of the pan. This insulation will prevent the cabbage rolls from burning on the bottom when baked. Use all the good looking leaves to make the cabbage rolls. Put about 12 cup of the meat filling in the center of the cabbage and starting at what was the stemend, fold the sides in and roll up the cabbage to enclose the filling. Place the cabbage rolls side by side in rows, seamside down, in a casserole pan.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPour the remaining sweet and sour tomato sauce over the cabbage rolls. Fold the hanging leaves over the top to enclose and keep the moisture in. Drizzle the top with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Bake for 1 hour until the meat is cooked., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 12 quarts crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Splash dry red wine, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 1 large egg, 1 12 cups steamed white rice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large heads green cabbage, about 3 pounds each], title: Stuffed Cabbage Rolls Galumpkis, picturelink: 3hdvLnm7dxUFhNtoHIT8IURMpskuOMa}, 43182: {instructions: Gently cook rice in milk and water. Place some rice and some raspberries in custard dishes.nIn large saucepan heat cream, half and half and vanilla beans until scalded. Meanwhile, whisk sugar into yolks well. Pour about 14 of the cream mixture into the yolks, whisk well. Pass custard through a chinois into individual custard dishes. Chill, ingredients: [3 12 ounces Arborio rice, 7 ounces milk, 7 ounces water, 80 raspberries, 14 ounces heavy cream, 14 cups half and half, 14 vanilla bean, split, 6 yolks, 2.5 ounces sugar], title: Raspberry Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 43183: {instructions: In a food processor, combine all the ingredients for the sauce and pulse together, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary, until smooth. Cover with plastic and refrigerate until serving, but not more than 2 hours.nIn a large heavy saucepan or deepfat fryer, heat about 3 inches of vegetable oil to 375 degrees. Deep fry the plantain slices, in batches if necessary to prevent overcrowding, for about 5 minutes, or until they just begin to turn golden. Remove the plantains with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. When the slices are slightly cooled, place a paper towel on the top of each one and flatten slightly with the palm of your hand to about half their thickness.nReturn the plantains to the hot oil and fry until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes more. Transfer to plates lined with fresh paper towels, drain briefly and sprinkle with salt to taste. Serve warm, accompanied by the dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 bunch arugula, leaves only, coarsely chopped, 1 serrano chile, stemmed, seeded and minced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil for deep frying, 2 large green plantains, peeled and cut into 1inch diagonal slices, Salt to taste], title: Tostones Fried Plantains, picturelink: null}, 43184: {instructions: Heat tortillas in microwave on high for 10  15 seconds to soften and place two shells on each plate.nMix Tuna Creations and coleslaw in small bowlnPlace 14 cup tuna and coleslaw on one half of each tortilla. Top with tomatoes, Guacamole and cheese, as desired. Garnish with cilantro and sliced green onions. Sprinkle with lemon and lime juice as desired., ingredients: [2 pouches 4.5 oz, 8, 6inch flour tortilla shells, 1 cup fresh Coleslaw mix cabbage, carrots, 2 Tomatoes, chopped, Guacamole optional, Cheddar or Monterey Jack Cheese optional, Cilantro, chopped optional, Green onions, sliced optional, Lemon and lime slices, for garnish], title: Tangyer Tacos, picturelink: null}, 43185: {instructions: Special equipment: Pastry bags or plastic resealable bagsnFor the eclairs: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F with a rack on the middle shelf.nIn a nonreactive saucepan over medium heat, combine the milk, salt, sugar and butter, and bring to a simmer. Once the butter has melted, quickly add the flour and stir constantly with a wooden spoon for about 3 minutes.nTransfer to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix to cool down, until the dough mostly stops steaming, 1 minute. Add the eggs and whites, slowly until evenly incorporated and glossy. To check the consistency of the batter, run your finger or spoon through it. It should leave a pathway that slowly falls in on itself. If its too stiff, you may have to add an additional egg.nPlace the batter in a pastry bag or resealable plastic bag and cut a hotdogsize hole in the corner. On a siliconlined sheet tray, pipe long and fat hotdogsize lines about 6inches long, evenly spaced. Use a wet finger to press down any peaks and lightly mist with water from a spray bottle. Bake until slightly golden and puffed, 20 minutes.nThen lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F and bake an additional 20 minutes.nFor the whipped cream: In a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whisk the cream, confectioners sugar and almond extract until stiff peaks form.nFor the glaze: Heat the cream in a small pot until slightly simmering. Pour over the chocolate in a metal bowl and whisk until smooth. If there are still chocolate chunks in the glaze, heat it briefly on the stovetop and stir until smooth. Set aside.nTo assemble: Split the baked pastry and, using a resealable plastic bag or pastry bag with a 12inch hole cut in the corner, pipe in the almond filling. Top with the chocolate glaze, crushed roasted almonds, and a couple pinches of smoked sea salt., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon sugar, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 14 cups bread flour, sifted, 3 large eggs, plus more if needed, 2 egg whites, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces milk chocolate, roughly chopped, Roasted almonds, crushed, for garnish, Smoked sea salt], title: Smoked Sea Salt and Almond Eclairs, picturelink: s2dNw0droPl7ArI8.u58i4CeFYP8cy}, 43186: {instructions: Heat oil in a large heavy Dutch oven over medium heat. Add onion, bell pepper, mushrooms, parsley, garlic, basil, thyme, paprika, cayenne, black pepper, and shrimp. Cook until shrimp are cooked about halfway, and then add wine, lemon juice, salt, and sugar cook until shrimp turn opaque and are cooked through. Add scallions, stir to combine, and serve immediately, over rice if desired., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 2 cups diced onion, 2 cups diced bell pepper, 2 cups sliced mushrooms, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons crushed garlic, 4 teaspoons fresh basil leaves, 4 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 4 tablespoons paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 24 to 32 jumbo shrimp, 2 cups white wine, 4 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 teaspoons sugar, 2 scallions, chopped], title: Barbeque Shrimp Orleans, picturelink: null}, 43187: {instructions: Preheat grill to medium, about 350 to 400 degrees F.nRinse the tops of the mushrooms briefly under running water, rubbing off any debris, and pat dry. Gently remove the gills with a spoon the gills are edible, but their dark shade can muck up the color of the filling. Pluck off the stems, trim the bottom of the stems, and reserve. Trim the rims of the mushrooms with kitchen shears, for a straighter edge. Reserve scraps. Place mushroom caps on a plate.nSlice finely slice enough of the green scallion tops to equal 2 tablespoons and reserve for garnish. Place the remaining white and green scallion parts in a large food processor and pulse to chop. Add the mushroom stems and scraps, shrimp, lemon zest and juice, and freshly ground black pepper to taste. Pulse until the shrimp is nearly ground, with some small pieces remaining.nBrush the mushroom tops with oil, turn them over, then sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Divide the shrimp mixture equally among the mushrooms and smooth with the back of a spoon. Sprinkle with salt.nLightly oil the area of the grill that you will be using. Grill the stuffed mushrooms until the shrimp centers turn white and firm when pressed gently and the mushrooms are tender, about 10 to 12 minutes. Allow the mushrooms to rest a few minutes before serving. Sprinkle with sliced scallions and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [4 portobello mushroom, 2 scallions, white and green parts, 1 14 pounds frozen peeled and deveined shrimp, thawed, tails removed, blotted dry, Zest of 1 lemon, finely grated, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Freshly ground black pepper, Salt, 2 teaspoons rice bran oil, grapeseed oil or expellerpressed canola oil, Lemon wedges for serving], title: FiveIngredient Grilled ShrimpStuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 43188: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker or small pitcher with ice cubes. Add the gin, vermouth, tomato water, vegetable juice, and a healthy squeeze of lemon juice. Add a couple drops of Pernod if desiredit adds a nice background flavor, but more than 1 or 2 drops will overpower the drink. Season with salt, pepper, and a dash of hot sauce.nCover and shake vigorously until mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Add the olive, tomato, and onion garnish. Drink.n1 28ounce can tomatoesn12 teaspoon kosher saltnPinch sugarnPuree the tomatoes and their juices with the salt and a pinch of sugar. Line a small sieve with a coffee filter and set over a bowl. Pour the tomato into the sieve and set aside to strain, about 3 hours. Discard the solids and save the tomato liquid. Refrigerate until ready to use.nYield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 12 ounces gin, 1 teaspoon dry white vermouth, 3 ounces Tomato Water, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons tomato based vegetable juice recommended: V8, 12 lemon, plus a twist for garnish, Couple drops Pernod, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Hot sauce, Garnish: Olive, cherry tomato, and cocktail onion on a swizzle stick or toothpick], title: Tomato Martini, picturelink: h7ShdmaXR.mK0bfiwhODoDP4XNHpnk.}, 43189: {instructions: Follow the SteamSauteed Tender Greens recipe, adding the garlic along with the greens and lemon juice and zest once the liquid has evaporated., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon zest and 1 tablespoon juice from a small lemon], title: SteamSauteed Tender Greens with Lemon and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 43190: {instructions: Freeze 2 cups cubed watermelon until solid. Meanwhile, bring 34 cup each sugar and water to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Transfer to a pitcher and refrigerate until cold. Puree 4 more cups cubed watermelon in a blender strain into the pitcher. Stir in 1 cup lime juice from about 9 limes and 2 cups cold seltzer. Add the frozen watermelon and some lime slices.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [], title: Watermelon Limeade, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 43191: {instructions: Macerate apples for 12 hour with apple cider.nSift together flour, salt, baking powder and sugar. Make a well in the center of dry ingredients and beat in egg, milk and butter. Mix until homogeneous. Drain apples and gently fold into the batter. Set aside for up to 1 hour.nIn a large saucepan, combine sugar, nutmeg, cornstarch and salt. Add remaining ingredients for cider sauce, except bourbon, and bring to a simmer. Simmer 10 minutes. Stir in bourbon. Remove from heat and set aside.nHeat lard or oil in a heavy 4 quart saucepan to 375 degrees. Drop fritter mixture into hot fat by the teaspoonful. Fry until golden and drain well. Dust with powdered sugar and cinnamon. Serve with cider sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 cup Stayman Winesap apples, peeled and cubed, 2 cups apple cider, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 large egg, beaten, 23 cup milk, room temperature, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 6 cups lard or vegetable oil, Powdered sugar and cinnamon, 23 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup hard cider, 14 cup water, 1 bay leaf, 1 2inch strip lemon peel, 14 cup bourbon], title: Apple Fritters with Cider Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43192: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the paprika, garlic power, brown sugar, dry mustard, and salt together in a small bowl. Rub the spice blend all over the pork. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, or up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Put the pork in a roasting pan and roast it for about 6 hours. An instantread thermometer stuck into the thickest part of the pork should register 170 degrees F, but basically, what you want to do is to roast it until its falling apart.nWhile the pork is roasting, make the barbecue sauce. Combine the vinegar, mustard, ketchup, brown sugar, garlic, salt, cayenne, and black pepper in a saucepan over medium heat. Simmer gently, stirring, for 10 minutes until the sugar dissolves. Take it off the heat and let it sit until youre ready for it.nWhen the pork is done, take it out of the oven and put it on a large platter. Allow the meat to rest for about 10 minutes. While its resting, deglaze the pan over medium heat with 34 cup water, scraping with a wooden spoon to pick up all of the browned bits. Reduce by about half. Pour that into the saucepan with the sauce and cook 5 minutes.nWhile the pork is still warm, you want to pull the meat: Grab 2 forks. Using 1 to steady the meat, use the other to pull shreds of meat off the roast. Put the shredded pork in a bowl and pour half of the sauce over. Stir it all up well so that the pork is coated with the sauce.nTo serve, spoon the pulled pork mixture onto the bottom half of each hamburger bun, and top with some slaw. Serve with pickle spears and the remaining sauce on the side.n1 head green cabbage, shreddedn2 carrots, gratedn1 red onion, thinly slicedn2 green onions white and green parts, choppedn1 fresh red chile, slicedn1 12 cups mayonnaisen14 cup Dijon mustardn1 tablespoon cider vinegarn1 lemon, juicednPinch sugarn12 teaspoon celery seednSeveral dashes hot saucenKosher salt and freshly ground black peppernCombine the cabbage, carrots, red onion, green onions, and chile in a large bowl. In another bowl, stir together the mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar, lemon juice, and sugar. Pour the dressing over the cabbage mixture and toss gently to mix. Season the cole slaw with the celery seed, hot sauce, salt, and black pepper. Chill for 2 hours in the refrigerator before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 3 tablespoons coarse sea salt, 1 5 to 7 pound pork roast, preferably shoulder or Boston butt, 1 12 cups cider vinegar, 1 cup yellow or brown mustard, 12 cup ketchup, 13 cup packed brown sugar, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pan drippings from the pork, 12 hamburger buns, 1 recipe Cole Slaw, recipe follows, Pickle spears, for serving], title: Pulled Pork Barbecue, picturelink: b.D9vI9DYoTXFAJxgDq.DQoCKlt5kiy}, 43193: {instructions: In a food processor puree the ovendried tomatoes to a nearly smooth consistency. Add the tomato puree to the warm mashed potatoes and over low heat, stir with a wooden spoon until the tomatoes are completely incorporated and the mixture is piping hot. Serve.nPlace the potatoes in a 2quart saucepan with 1 teaspoon of the salt and cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer, covered, until completely tender, about 30 minutes. Test the potatoes by piercing them with a paring knife  there should be no resistance. Place in a colander and allow to drain well for several minutes. Combine the butter, heavy cream and milk in another saucepan and heat gently until the butter has melted. Keep warm. Working with the saucepan used to cook the potatoes, pass the potatoes through a food mill or a potato ricer. If you have any difficulty, add a little of the hot milk and butter to the potatoes. To serve, place the potatoes over a low fame and begin adding the warm milk mixture. Whip the potatoes with a wooden spoon or spatula while heating. When all the liquid is absorbed, season with the remaining salt and white pepper. Serve piping hot. Mashed potatoes are best served immediately, but if you are unable to do so, or need them for another recipe, keep the potatoes hot for up to 1 hour by placing them in the top of a double boiler, covered, and held over barely simmering water.nPlace the tomatoes cut side up on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with the salt and let sit for 1 hour. Preheat oven to 200 degrees. Roast the tomatoes for 5 to 6 hours. The tomatoes are done when they are dried but still slightly plump, they should definitely not be leathery, nor as dry as commercial sundried tomatoes. Allow the tomatoes to cool to room temperature, then transfer them to a jar or bowl. Stir in the olive oil, herbs, and garlic, cover tightly and refrigerate. The tomatoes will improve if marinated 2 to 3 days before using. They will keep for up to 2 weeks stored in the refrigerator., ingredients: [12 pound ovendried tomatoes, drained, recipe follows, 4 cups mashed potatoes recipe above, 2 pounds Idaho potatoes, peeled and quartered, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup milk, 14 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 2 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, washed, cored and split lengthwise, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 2 large fresh thyme sprigs, 1 fresh rosemary sprig, cut in half, 2 to 3 sage leaves, 3 medium garlic cloves, split], title: Roast Tomato Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 43194: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Place the brisket on a sheet of heavyduty foil. Mix Liquid Smoke and Worcestershire. Rub both sides of meat with mixture. Sprinkle fat side of meat with salt and pepper. Wrap and seal tightly. Place in a pan. Bake 2 12 to 3 hours or until tender. Remove brisket from oven and allow to sit for 10 to 15 minutes. Slice against the grain. Rewrap in foil until ready to serve., ingredients: [5 to 6 pound brisket, 4 drops Liquid Smoke, 4 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Salt, Cracked pepper], title: Beef Brisket, picturelink: null}, 43195: {instructions: Place the garlic, mint, turmeric, coriander, cumin, lemon zest, and 2 12 teaspoons salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until finely ground. Add the olive oil and pulse to combine.nPlace the chops in one or two nonmetal dishes large enough to hold them in one layer. Spread the garlic and herb mixture evenly on both sides. In a small bowl, whisk together the yogurt, Sriracha, and lemon juice, and spread it evenly on the lamb chops. Cover, refrigerate, and allow to marinate for 6 to 24 hours.nPrepare a charcoal grill with hot coals and oil the cooking grate. Sprinkle the lamb with salt and grill 5 to 6 inches above the coals, first with the yogurt side up marinade and all for 4 to 5 minutes, then turn and grill for 3 to 4 minutes, until medium rare. Transfer to a clean plate, cover the plate tightly with aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and serve hot with the couscous.nHeat the oil and butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook over mediumlow heat for 6 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally, until tender but not browned. Add the stock and bring to a boil. Stir in the couscous, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper and remove from the heat. Cover the pot tightly and allow the couscous to steam for 10 minutes. Fluff the couscous with a fork and stir in the mint and pine nuts. Taste for seasonings and add about 1 teaspoon salt, depending on the saltiness of the stock, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [6 large garlic cloves, 13 cup julienned fresh mint leaves, 1 12 tablespoons ground turmeric, 1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest 2 lemons, Kosher salt, 5 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for the grill, 3 racks of lamb 6 to 7 ribs each, cut into chops, 1 12 cups plain wholemilk Greek yogurt 12 ounces, 1 12 teaspoons Sriracha, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Couscous with Pine Nuts and Mint, for serving, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup chopped yellow onion, 3 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 12 cups couscous, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup julienned fresh mint leaves, loosely packed, 13 cup pine nuts, toasted], title: Moroccan Grilled Lamb Chops, picturelink: lnqf3vb7bnfqn.Wztv10AXhgPvHnj6}, 43196: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, stir the milk and egg together and add the flax seed meal, salt, baking powder, honey and wholewheat pastry flour until smooth.nHeat the grapeseed oil in a pan over medium heat, then ladle 12 cup of the mixture into the pan. As the bubbles form on the top of the cake, sprinkle with pieces of the chopped protein bar. Flip the cake and cook until golden brown. Repeat process three more times to make four mediumlarge pancakes.nToss the sliced strawberries with stevia and pile on top of the pancakes., ingredients: [1 12 cups lowfat milk, 1 whole egg, 6 tablespoons brown flax seed meal, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 12 cups wholewheat pastry flour, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 Robert Irvine peanut butter crunch protein bar, chopped, 12 strawberries, sliced, 2 tablespoons stevia], title: Peanut Butter Crunch Protein Pancakes, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 43197: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a baking sheet with a wire rack.nHeat the oven to 275 degrees F.nTrim the fat from the chops and sandwich each chop between 2 pieces of waxed paper or plastic. Pound the chops to 18inch thickness and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a shallow dish combine the mustard, honey and vinegar. Add the chops and turn to coat in sticky sauce. On a plate combine the bread crumbs with the thyme and zest of the lemon. Press chops in the crumbs to coat evenly. Heat the extravirgin olive oil, a couple turns of the pan, in large skillet over medium heat. Cook the cutlets until crisp, 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Arrange the chops on the baking sheet with the rack and put in the oven to keep them crisp. To the skillet, over low heat, add the butter and melt. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the preserves, then whisk in the stock. Cook for a couple of minutes to thicken and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the chops from the oven to a serving platter and douse with sweetsavory gravy before serving., ingredients: [4 thincut boneless pork loin chops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grainy Dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons cider or wine vinegar, 1 cup bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, 1 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade or apricot preserves, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce], title: Honey Mustard Cutlets, picturelink: SghQj1c5EJvC2P5oMFZEIjM6ccANGOe}, 43198: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nFor the red chile russian dressing: Whisk together the mayonnaise, ketchup, horseradish, capers, chili powder, cornichons and chile de arbol in a bowl and season with salt and black pepper. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nFor the reuben sandwiches: Lay out 20 slices of the bread on a clean work surface, and spread each with a few teaspoons of the Red Chile Russian Dressing. Top each bread slice with 2 slices of the cheese and a dollop of the sauerkraut, followed by a few folded slices of the corned beef. Top each sandwich with another slice of bread.nHeat the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches of 5, place the sandwiches in the pan and press down with a metal spatula. Cook until both sides are golden brown. Add more butter, if needed, before cooking the next batch. Keep the sandwiches warm in the oven on a large baking sheet., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, 6 cornichons, finely diced, Pinch chile de arbol or cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 loaves cocktailsize rye bread, sliced, 1 pound Swiss cheese, sliced, 8 ounces sauerkraut, rinsed and drained twice, 8 ounces thinly sliced lean corned beef, cut in half, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more if needed], title: Individual Reuben Sandwiches with Red Chile Russian Dressing, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 43199: {instructions: Empty the Holiday Panettone mix recipe follows into a bowl. Heat 1 cup whole milk, 1 stick butter, 14 cup honey and 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest to 120 degrees in a saucepan stir into the mix. Mix in 2 lightly beaten eggs and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract cover and let rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Butter two 5by9inch loaf pans or two empty 10ounce coffee cans and line with parchment paper. Add the dough cover and let rise 1 hour. Bake at 350 degrees until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean, about 55 minutes. Cool before slicing.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Holiday Panettone, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}}