{43500: {instructions: Bring potatoes to a boil and simmer, covered, for 20 to 30 minutes or until just tender. While this is cooking in a glass mixing bowl combine the mayonnaise, yogurt and vinegar. Toss with 12 teaspoon salt, freshly ground pepper, red onion, celery, 34 cup of bell pepper and 2 of the chopped hard boiled eggs. When potatoes are just tender, drain and pat dry and cube them into 1inch dice. Toss them with ingredients in the bowl and adjust seasoning. Center salad on a bed of lettuce and garnish with remaining chopped egg and bell pepper., ingredients: [12 cup plain yogurt, 3 tablespoons tarragon vinegar, Salt and pepper, 14 cup finely chopped red onion or green onion, 1 cup diced celery, 1 cup diced red bell pepper 14 cup reserved for garnish, 4 hard boiled eggs, chopped, Lettuce leaves, 2 pounds all purpose potatoes, peeled and quartered, 14 cup mayonnaise], title: Egg and Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 43501: {instructions: Put all ingredients in a bowl. Mix well and add pepper to your desired taste., ingredients: [1 12 cups kalamata, pitted and chopped, 1 12 cups picholines, pitted and chopped, 4 filets anchovies, chopped, 3 lemon juice and zest of, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, chopped, 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 1 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup capers, drained and rinsed, Black pepper to taste], title: Black and Green Olive Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 43502: {instructions: In a food processor, combine all the ingredients, except the olive oil and crostini. Using the pulse button, process until coarsely chopped and well blended. Continue to process, slowly adding the olive oil. Refrigerate in a covered container. Spread on homemade crostini.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a pot of boiling water, blanch tomatoes. Drain and refresh in ice water. Drain. Peel, core, cut into quarters, and remove seeds.nLine a baking tray with parchment paper and arrange the tomato quarters on the tray, cut side down. Drizzle generously with olive oil. Sprinkle with thyme and garlic. In a small bowl, combine salt, pepper and sugar, and sprinkle evenly over the tomatoes.nBake until the tomatoes begin to shrivel, about 1 hour. When the tomatoes are cool enough to handle, transfer to a container. Pour olive oil over and cover the container. Refrigerate and use as needed.nArrange the bread slices in a baking tray. Brush with olive oil and bake in a preheated 350 degree F. oven for 6 to 8 minutes. Allow to cool, then rub with garlic clove. For each of the crostini, spread 1 tablespoon Herbed Goat Cheese and top with 1 teaspoon Black and Green Olive Tapenade.nHerbed Goat Cheese: 2 teaspoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 1 7 or 8ounce log goat cheese.nCombine the parsley, chives, thyme, and pepper and place on a flat surface. Roll the log of cheese in the mixture, coating all sides and retaining the shape of the log. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [1 cup Nicoise olives, pitted, 1 cup small green French olives Picholine, pitted, 14 cup ovendried tomatoes, drained, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 garlic clove, 1 anchovy fillet, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Crostini, recipe follows, 12 medium Roma tomatoes 2 pounds, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus additional as needed, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 6 garlic cloves, crushed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 slices bread, preferably sourdough, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 garlic clove, Herbed Goat Cheese, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 7 or 8ounce log goat cheese], title: Wolfgangs Salad Tasting Plate: Black and Green Olive Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 43503: {instructions: Combine chicken, pecans, strawberries, onion, celery, cilantro, vinegar, and oil. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Serve over salad greens., ingredients: [2 cups skinned and boned roasted chicken breast, from a storebought rotisserie chicken, 14 cup pecans, toasted, 2 cups hulled and quartered strawberries, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 14 cup finely diced celery, 14 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 4 cups salad greens], title: Strawberry Toasted Pecan Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 43504: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the egg rolls: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray a rimmed baking sheet generously with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, combine the cheese, corn, beans, spinach, chiles, scallions, cumin, chili powder, cayenne and salt. Stir together, making sure to break up the clumps of spinach.nHave a small bowl of water ready for moistening your fingers.nLay one egg roll wrapper out on a work surface and moisten the edges with your finger. Scoop 14 cup of the filling into the center of the wrapper mound into a 1inch wide log arranged diagonally across the wrapper, with about an inch of space to the corners. Fold the corners over the filling, gently pressing down on either side to secure the fold. Then, starting at one of the unfolded corners, gently but firmly roll up the egg roll. Place on the prepared baking sheet and repeat until all of the filling has been used.nBrush the tops and sides of the egg rolls generously with beaten egg. Bake until golden brown all over, 15 to 20 minutes.nFor the salsa: Meanwhile, pulse the tomatoes, garlic and jalapeno in a food processor until the tomatoes are almost smooth. Add the scallions, cilantro, lime juice and salt pulse just to combine.nServe the egg rolls with the salsa on the side, for dipping., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 12 cups shredded Mexican blend cheese, 2 cups frozen corn, thawed, One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, One 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, One 4ounce can diced green chiles, drained, 4 scallions, chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, One 16ounce package egg roll wrappers, 1 egg, slightly beaten, 5 plum tomatoes, quartered, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 12 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 3 scallions, white and light green parts only, finely chopped, 1 cup loosely packed cilantro leaves and stems, finely chopped, Juice of 12 lime, 2 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Southwestern Egg Rolls with Salsa Dipping Sauce, picturelink: MpRaaL.VPR8X0tCSrXQQikmQetJjv2}, 43505: {instructions: Allow the spices and sugar to infuse in the wine and brandy for 24 hours. Strain through a coffee filter and serve. The traditional Tudor accompaniment to hypocras were wafers., ingredients: [3 to 4 quills cinnamon, 1 level tablespoon ground ginger, 1 level tablespoon finely chopped galangal, 1 level teaspoon freshly and roughly ground cardamom, 1 level teaspoon grated mace, 1 level teaspoon grated nutmeg, 1 sprig rosemary, 6 ounces sugar, 3 bottles plain red wine, 2 wine glasses brandy], title: Hypocras, picturelink: null}, 43506: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine all ingredients. With an emersion blender, mix until creamy removing any lumps.nPour into glasses. Garnish with nutmeg and serve., ingredients: [4 cups vanilla ice cream, softened, 1 12 cups cold milk, 1 12 teaspoons eggnog flavoring, Freshly grated nutmeg, for garnish], title: Neelys Nog, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 43507: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the garlic, cilantro, lime zest, cumin, salt, and pepper in a small food processor bowl and pulse until combined, approximately 20 seconds. With the processor running, add the tequila. Put the tilapia fillets into a 1 gallon resealable bag, add the garlic mixture and move around to coat each fillet. Set aside at room temperature for 15 to 20 minutes.nHeat an electric nonstick griddle to 375 degrees F.nBrush the griddle with the olive oil. Cook the fillets until just cooked through and opaque about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Cut into strips and serve in warm tortillas with crema, shredded red cabbage and lime wedges.nCombine 9 ounces flour and salt in the bowl of a food processor and pulse 2 to 3 times.nAdd the lard to the flour mixture in 4 to 5 chunks and pulse 10 to 15 times until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. With the processor running, add the water in a steady stream just until a ball of dough begins to form, approximately 30 seconds.nSprinkle the remaining 14 cup of flour on a clean surface. Remove the dough from the bowl of the processor and knead until well incorporated and less sticky. Wrap the dough ball in plastic wrap and let it rest at room temperature for 1 hour.nEvenly divide the dough into 8 pieces and form them into round balls. Roll each ball into 7inch rounds with a rolling pin on a lightly floured surface. Keep all of the dough balls covered with a tea towel.nHeat an electric nonstick griddle to 375 degrees F.nPut the tortillas, 2 to 3 at a time, onto the griddle and cook until light golden, about 4 minutes per side. Can be held for up to 2 hours, at room temperature, wrapped in a barely damp tea towel. Repeat with the remaining tortillas. Microwave for 1 minute in the damp tea towel to reheat.nYield: 8 tortillasnPut the heavy cream in a 16ounce microwavesafe glass jar. Microwave on high until the cream is just under 100 degrees F, about 30 to 40 seconds. Add the buttermilk, close the jar, and store in a warm place for 24 hours. The cream will have thickened to the consistency of thin yogurt.nAdd the chipotle chile and salt and process with an immersion blender, in the jar, until smooth, approximately 20 seconds. Refrigerate until ready to use.nYield: approximately 1 cup, ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, 1 cup packed cilantro leaves, 2 limes, zested, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup tequila, 1 pound tilapia fillets, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 7inch round Flour Tortillas, recipe follows, Crema, recipe follows, Shredded red cabbage, Lime wedges, 9 ounces allpurpose flour, plus 14 cup for kneading and rolling, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup lard, 12 cup cool water, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon buttermilk, 1 chipotle chile in adobo sauce, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Fish Taco, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 43508: {instructions: Line 2 12muffin muffin pans by placing a sheet of plastic wrap over the pan and pushing down into the cups slightly.nOver barely simmering water melt the chopped chocolate, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and carefully stir in the popcorn carefully to coat it evenly with melted chocolate. Working quickly, take off large spoonfuls of coated popcorn and form into a loose ball the size of a golf ball. Place it in the cup of the lined muffin pans to rest and sprinkle with the colored sprinkles. Insert a lollipop stick in the bottom and let it set up. To hasten the setup, place them in the refrigerator. These can be wrapped in colored cellophane with twisted ends. Store at room temperature., ingredients: [8 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 4 cups popped popcorn, 4 tablespoons rainbow colored sprinkles, Lollipop sticks], title: White Chocolate Popcorn Balls, picturelink: null}, 43509: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small pot over medium heat, dissolve the sugar in 1 cup water. Bring to a boil, add the lavender, and remove from the heat. Let sit until cool and strain. The simple syrup will keep for 2 weeks in the refrigerator.nWhen ready to serve, in a pitcher stir together the vodka, cassis, and half the lavender simple syrup. You can adjust the sweetness level to your liking. Chill each martini glass with ice until well chilled and remove ice, filling them about 34 full with the lavendertini. Top with sparkling water and garnish with fresh lavender sprigs., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon dried lavender, 2 34 cups vodka recommended: Smirnoff, 14 cup creme de cassis, 1 tablespoon curacao, 1 cup sparkling water, chilled, Fresh lavender sprigs, for garnish], title: Lavendertini, picturelink: nntcBNExGB2mnRFPwYUeAuqF3WD.G}, 43510: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat.nPut 1 flour tortilla into the pan. Cover with half of the cheese, then a layer of turkey, a layer of stuffing. Top with the remaining cheese and cover with another tortilla. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes and flip. To flip, put a large plate on top of the quesadilla in the pan. Put your palm on the plate and flip the pan upside down. Put the pan back on the stove and slide the quesadilla back into the pan. Cook until the cheese is melted, another 3 to 4 minutes.nStir together the sour cream and cranberry sauce in a small serving bowl.nCut the quesadilla into 8 wedges, transfer to a serving platter and serve with cranberry sour cream.nBrine:nIn a large pot with a lid that is big enough to fit the turkey, add all but 2 cups apple cider and bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the salt, 3 sprigs of thyme, 3 sprigs rosemary and stir to dissolve the salt. Remove from the heat, add 5 cups of ice, 6 cups water and stir. Put the turkey in the pot with the brine and hold it down so that the cavity fills with the brine. If the turkey is not completely submerged in the brine, add another 2 to 3 cups of water to the pot until covered. Cover the pot with a lid and refrigerate overnight or up to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the turkey from the brine, rinse and pat dry. Arrange it, breast side up, in a roasting pan. Stuff the remaining thyme and the bunch of sage into the cavity and tuck the wings back underneath the bottom of the breast. Tie the legs together with a piece of butchers twine.nIn a small bowl combine the canola oil, poultry seasoning and pepper. Brush the turkey liberally until completely coated. Put in the oven and roast until an instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F, about 2 12 to 3 hours. About 30 minutes before the turkey is done, liberally baste the bird with the cider glaze. Baste with the remaining glaze 2 more times at 10 minute intervals. Remove from the oven and let rest at least 15 minutes before carving. Transfer to a serving platter and serve.nGlaze:nIn a small saucepan combine the reserved 2 cups of apple cider and 14 cup of brown sugar. Simmer until reduced to about 12 cup.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13inch baking dish with cooking spray.nRemove the mushroom caps from the stems. Reserve the caps for the online round 2 recipe Stuffed Mushrooms. Roughly chop the stems and set aside.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the canola oil. Stir in the onions and celery and cook until softened slightly, about 2 minutes. Add the mushroom stems and herbs and continue to cook until the mushrooms are browned and the vegetables are slightly tender, about 5 minutes.nWhisk together the eggs and chicken broth in a large bowl. Add the cubed bread and toss to coat all of the bread. Stir in the cooked onions and mushroom mixture and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to the baking dish and bake, covered loosely with foil, for 40 to 50 minutes. Remove the foil for the last 10 minutes of cooking time to brown the top. Remove from the oven and serve.nUse the leftovers from this recipe to make quesadillas and stuffed mushrooms., ingredients: [1 cup small diced leftover turkey breast, such as Cider Glazed Turkey, recipe follows, 12 cup leftover stuffing, such as Sage and Mushroom Stuffing recipe, broken into small pieces, recipe follows, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 2 large flour tortillas, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup whole berry cranberry sauce, 1 gallon apple cider, divided, 1 cup salt, 1 bunch fresh thyme, divided, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 bunch fresh sage, 5 cups ice cubes, 6 cups water, 1 13 to 15pound frozen turkey, defrosted, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, 12 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 14 cup brown sugar, Canola oil, cooking spray, 2 10ounce packages white button mushrooms, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 3 stalks celery, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 14.5ounce cans chicken broth, 1 loaf day old French bread, diced into 12inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Round 2 Recipe Thanksgiving Quesadilla with Cranberry Cream Dipping Sauce, picturelink: YrJwo9WQ0GpqRG8mB4LW47keN0nsodW}, 43511: {instructions: Rinse chicken under cold running water. Mix water and kosher salt in large bowl, stirring until salt dissolves. Cover chicken with salt mixture and refrigerate overnight minimum 4 hours.nRemove chicken from salt water brine and immerse in buttermilk. Allow to marinate overnight minimum 4 hours. Remove chicken from buttermilk, holding each piece to drip excess buttermilk back into bowl. Lay chicken on a wire cooling rack set over a sheet pan.nMix flour, sea salt, pepper, cornstarch, and potato flour in a large bowl. Dredge chicken parts in flour mixture, shaking off excess. Lay chicken parts on the wire cooling rack.nUsing large cast iron, or heavy skillet, melt the lard and butter together and add the bacon or pork shoulder. When the mixture is hot but not smoking, add the chicken, 1 piece at a time, in a single layer, skin side down. The chicken should be half covered in the butterlard mixture. Cook each piece 10 to 12 minutes per side, turning once, or more often if necessary, to brown evenly. Dark meat cooks more slowly than white meat. To check for doneness, cut a thigh to the bone and check for redness. When evenly browned, removed the cooked chicken and place on cooling rack. Serve hot or allow to cool to room temperature., ingredients: [3 pounds bonein chicken, cut into pieces, 2 quarts cold water, 12 cup kosher salt, 1 quart buttermilk, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 tablespoons potato flour, 1 pound lard, 14 pound unsalted butter, 14 pound bacon or smoked pork shoulder], title: Southern Pan Fried Chicken, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 43512: {instructions: To make the dashi Japanese soup stock: Combine the water, kelp, and bonito flakes in a 4quart saucepan and place over mediumlow heat. Allow the water to slowly come to a simmer this should take about 10 minutes. Turn off the heat immediately just as the stock reaches a boil. Let the stock sit for 1 to 2 minutes and then strain out the solids. Reserve 2 quarts of the dashi to use in the future as a base for soups and stews it will keep for 1 week in the refrigerator or frozen for several months, and the remaining quart to prepare the miso soup.nPour the dashi into a wok and place over medium heat. Whisk the miso into the dashi, stirring until smooth. Toss in the mushrooms.nLightly coat the bottom of a 12inch bamboo steamer with nonstick cooking spray. Season both sides of the fish fillets with salt and pepper lay them side by side in the steamer, skinside up. Cut the ginger lengthwise in strips and put it on top of the fish so the flavor can permeate put the cilantro on top. Nestle the bok choy in the steamer, side by side, and cover with the bamboo lid. Set the steamer inside the wok, and steam for 15 to 20 minutes until the fish is cooked. Carefully remove the bamboo steamer and add the udon noodles and green onions into the soup. Cook for 1 minute or until the noodles are tender.nTo serve: Ladle the miso soup into 2 wide shallow bowls, scoop the noodles into the soup and lay the bok choy and fish on top of that. Garnish with more cilantro and sprinkle lightly with the chilisesame salt and serve., ingredients: [3 quarts cold water, 3 6inch pieces dried kelp kombu, wiped of dirt, 1 12 cups dried bonito flakes, 2 tablespoons light miso, 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, halved, 2 6ounce centercut black sea bass fillets, skin on, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2inch piece fresh ginger, 1 handful fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish, 2 heads baby bok choy, halved lengthwise, 1 pound fresh udon noodles, 2 green onions, white and green part, chopped, Several shakes chilisesame salt], title: Black Bass in Miso Soup with Udon and Shiitakes, picturelink: null}, 43513: {instructions: Combine water and sugar in a saucepan and cook over low heat. When the sugar is dissolved, add the wine and remove from the heat. Cool and freeze in an ice cream machine according to manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [6 ounces water, 4 ounces sugar, 10 to 12 ounces wine], title: Basic Wine Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 43514: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the tender portion of the green garlic thin and discard the tough stem ends. In a mortar and pestle, crush the sliced green garlic to puree, add the thyme leaves, the lemon peel, and olive oil and work into a paste. Add the juice and season with salt and pepper.nSlash the fish three times on both sides all the way to the bone and rub the marinade on the fish and season well. Grill over mediumlow heat, turning half way through. Grilling time should take 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [6 shoots green garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon Meyer lemon peel, minced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons Meyer lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, to taste, Three 1 12 to 2pound whole red snappers, scaled and gutted], title: Whole Grilled Local Snapper, picturelink: f.epzDNC8VHFlz49Fbu7mGv4cHymlJm}, 43515: {instructions: 1. Bake fish fillets as directed on package. Cut each fillet into bitesize pieces.n2. Heat taco shells in oven as directed on box.n3. In medium bowl, mix mayonnaise and seasoning mix stir in coleslaw mix. Let stand 5 minutes. Fill shells with fish pieces and coleslaw mixture top with taco sauce., ingredients: [1 package 10 to 12 oz breaded or battered fish fillets 6 fillets, 1 box 4.6 oz Old El Pasou00ae taco shells 12 shells, 12 cup mayonnaise or salad dressing, 1 package 1 oz Old El Pasou00ae taco seasoning mix any variety, 6 cups coleslaw mix from 16oz bag, Old El Pasou00ae taco sauce, if desired], title: Easy Fish Tacos, picturelink: null}, 43516: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, combine pineapple, onion, pineapple juice, raisins, brown sugar, vinegar, and cumin. Set pan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a simmer. Simmer 15 minutes, until mixture thickens and reduces. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro.nMeanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add ham slices and cook 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. Serve ham slices with pineapple chutney spooned over top., ingredients: [2 cups cubed pineapple fresh or canned in juice, 12 cup chopped onion, 12 cup pineapple juice, 13 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 8 slices baked ham each about 12inch thick], title: PanSeared Ham with Pineapple Chutney, picturelink: uYm06JathviLX8nl1voZSRE03HsUYtm}, 43517: {instructions: Cut the kernels off an ear of corn saute in olive oil with yellow squash slices. Toss with yellow grape tomatoes, basil, salt and pepper.nSee all 50 Simple Salads, ingredients: [], title: Yellow Trio, picturelink: ofx.KW0eD4gwxVLGdRYSr0yDPEHIe}, 43518: {instructions: Bring salted water to a boil. Add penne and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until tender but still firm to the bite. Meanwhile in a large saucepan heat the olive oil over moderate heat. When hot add the garlic and saute for a few seconds. Add the tomatoes, oregano, red pepper flakes, capers and olives. Simmer the sauce, covered, for 10 minutes. Uncover and simmer another 10 minutes, stirring on occasion, for 20 minutes. When done stir in the anchovies, beans, salt and pepper and simmer 5 minutes to heat through. Drain pasta and portion it out into a great big bowl. Spoon the sauce on the top and toss lightly. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [12 ounces penne, 13 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 4 cups canned plum tomatoes, drained and chopped, 1 12 teaspoons dry oregano, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 12 pitted oilcured black olives, halved, 2ounce can anchovies, drained and minced, 16ounce can cannellini beans drained, rinsed and roughly chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley], title: Puttanesca Sauce with Cannellini Beans, picturelink: null}, 43519: {instructions: Blend the hemp seeds and 1 12 cups filtered water on high speed in a blender to make fresh hemp seed milk. Add the agave nectar, coconut oil and avocados. Blend again until smooth. Add the cacao powder, salt and vanilla powder. Vigorously blend, using the tamper if necessary, until creamy and smooth. Top the pudding with peanuts, blueberries and shredded coconut. Serve immediately or chill in the refrigerator for 20 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons hemp seeds, 1 cup agave nectar, 1 12 tablespoons coconut oil, 4 medium avocados, pitted, 1 cup cacao powder, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground vanilla powder, 14 cup jungle peanuts, optional topping, Fresh blueberries, for topping, Extrafine shredded coconut, for topping], title: Chocolate Avocado Pudding, picturelink: null}, 43520: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat pan on medium and add the mustard seeds. Toast seeds until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add butter and oil. When butter is melted, add the turnips and cabbage and saute until cabbage begins to wilt, about 5 minutes. Mix in vinegar and stock. Bring mixture to a simmer, cover and braise until a knife inserted in a turnip comes out easily and cabbage is wilted and tender, about 25 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons mustard seeds, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound turnips, peeled and diced about 3, 1 head red cabbage, sliced thin, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 cup chicken stock, Salt], title: Braised Red Cabbage and Turnips, picturelink: omaG7xbQqjp1jKKwq0L1G8dSkONyIOy}, 43521: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F.nDefrost pastry according to the manufacturers directions. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment, and set aside.nSprinkle a clean work surface with 14 cup sugar. Place dough over sugar, and sprinkle with remaining 14 cup sugar. Using a rolling pin, gently press sugar into dough, rolling out dough slightly rotate dough frequently to prevent sticking. With longer side of dough toward you, fold over edge, and roll tightly with your hands until you reach the middle. Turn dough so the unrolled edge is toward you, and roll again, meeting first roll in center.nChill dough in freezer 15 minutes. Cut into 14inchthick slices, and place on prepared baking sheets.nBake the palmiers 7 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine corn syrup with 1 tablespoon water. Using a pastry brush, lightly brush palmiers with cornsyrup mixture bake another 4 minutes. Turn the cookies over, and brush with syrup again. Continue baking until golden brown, about 4 minutes more. Transfer palmiers to a wire rack to cool completely, and store in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 sheet puff pastry, from a 17ounce frozen package, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup], title: Palmiers, picturelink: null}, 43522: {instructions: Using a chefs knife, trim the unpeeled potatoes into rectangular blocks. Cut each into 14inch thick slices. Stack 2 or more slices together and cut them into 14inch julienne strips. Cut these strips into 14inch dice and place in a saucepan, covered with cold water, until ready to cook. Place the potatoes in cold water, bring to boil, then immediately take off the heat and drain. Allow the potatoes to air dry. The potatoes may be held at this point for several hours without blackening.nMeanwhile prepare the persillade by mixing together the garlic and the parsley. If the potatoes arent thoroughly dry, blot them with towels. Heat the oil in a very large skillet ideally large enough to hold them in a single layer over medium heat. Add the potatoes and cook, tossing occasionally, until they brown lightly, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain and discard the oil if you wish. Add the butter and continue sauteeing for another 5 minutes or longer to brown and crisp the potatoes completely. the potatoes can be prepared to this point and held partially covered 1 hour before serving if completely covered, they may develop offtaste and get soggy.nJust before serving, toss the potatoes with the garlic and parsley over medium heat for about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 pounds waxy potatoes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup minced parsley, 4 to 6 tablespoons canola oil, 4 tablespoons butter, Salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Diced Potatoes Sauteed with Garlic and Parsley, picturelink: null}, 43523: {instructions: Fill a large, wide pot with about 3 inches of water and a hefty splash of vinegar. Bring to a low simmer.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large nonstick skillet. Add the onions, bacon, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper, and cook, stirring frequently, until the onion and the bacon are browned in spots, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, and let cool.nPut the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and the vinegar, lemon zest and juice, yogurt, 1 tablespoon water and 14 teaspoon salt in a jar or other container with a lid. Secure the lid, and shake well to combine. The dressing can be made a day ahead shake well before serving.nToss the greens, tomatoes, onionbacon mixture and dressing in a large bowl. Add salt to taste. Divide among 4 salad bowls.nToast the English muffins, and cut each in half.nCrack 1 egg into a small bowl. Swirl the simmering water, then gently slide the egg into it. Repeat with the remaining eggs. Cook until the whites are set and the yolks are still runny, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the eggs with a slotted spoon, and place 1 on top of each salad. Garnish each salad with 2 English muffin pieces and a few grinds of pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, plus more for poaching the eggs, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 small onion, chopped, 5 ounces Canadian bacon, cut into 14inch strips, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Zest and juice of 12 lemon, 2 tablespoons plain, lowfat yogurt, 5 ounces mixed greens about 8 cups, 12 cup red and yellow grape tomatoes, halved, 2 wholegrain English muffins, 4 large eggs], title: Eggs Benedict Breakfast Salad, picturelink: 259jI4V2fEHQbV4EhZxTIqn7bds5NS}, 43524: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the potatoes in a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and cook until tender when pierced with a knife, about 30 minutes. Drain the potatoes and let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, prepare a grill to mediumhigh heat. Add the corn and grill, turning onto all sides, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes.nHalve the potatoes and put them in a large bowl. Using a sharp knife, carefully cut the corn kernels off of the cobs and add to the bowl. Add the poblano chiles, scallions, sour cream, mayonnaise and cilantro and mix gently to combine. Season with salt and pepper and serve. The potato salad can be made 1 day ahead and refrigerated. Let stand at room temperature 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds medium redskinned potatoes about 6, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ears corn, husks removed, 2 poblano chiles, charred, peeled, stemmed, seeded and chopped see Cooks Note, 1 cup chopped scallions white and pale green parts only about 5 scallions, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Grilled Corn and Poblano Potato Salad, picturelink: SW6ds8yO7BJtR5fqIqxcovqQObTaoQi}, 43525: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a paper towel. Pull the skillet from the heat leave drippings in the skillet and stir in 1 12 tablespoons cider vinegar, scraping up any browned bits clinging to the skillet. Pour the mixture into a large bowl and whisk in mustard, salt and pepper to taste, and olive oil.nFill a nonstick skillet with about 2 inches of water and bring it to the barest simmer over medium heat add the remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar. Crack the eggs, slipping them gently into the water, and cook until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, about 4 minutes.nWhile the eggs poach, toss the greens with the vinaigrette and bits of bacon. Divide the salad among 4 plates or shallow bowls. Using a slotted spoon, gently scoop the eggs from the water, blot dry with a paper towel, and place 2 of them on top of each salad. Add bread to each plate and serve., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, cut crosswise into thin strips, 2 12 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 large eggs, 8 cups mesclun salad greens about 7 ounces, 4 to 8 slices crusty bread, toasted if desired], title: Bistro Bacon and Egg Salad, picturelink: ofx.KW0eD4gwxVLGdRYSr0yDPEHIe}, 43526: {instructions: Special equipment: Olive branchesnPrepare a smoker using olive branches. Place the beef tenderloin in the smoker and smoke for 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPat the beef dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat the butter and oil in a roasting pan over moderatelyhigh heat until the foam subsides. Then brown the beef well on all sides, about 10 minutes. Put the roasting pan with the beef in the middle of the oven and roast until an instantread thermometer inserted diagonally 2 inches into the center registers 130 degrees F for mediumrare, about 30 minutes.nTransfer to a cutting board and let stand 10 minutes. Then cut into 12inchthick slices.nTo serve, first place the Olive Oil Mashed Potatoes on a plate. Then lean 2 slices beef tenderloin on the potatoes. Place a large spoonful of the Roasted Chili and Olive Ragout around or on top. Garnish with watercress.nPeel and quarter the potatoes. Put the potatoes and 1 tablespoon salt in a 3quart pot and cover with cold water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil, covered with the lid, and then reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, until the potatoes are very tender, 20 to 25 minutes.nDrain the potatoes in a colander and return to the pot. Add the olive oil and olives, and season with salt and pepper. Mash with a potato masher until smooth.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a saute pan. Add the red onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are golden brown, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the rest of the olive oil and the olives, parsley and all the roasted peppers. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [One 3 12 to 4pound trimmed beef tenderloin roast, tied, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Olive Oil Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, Roasted Chili and Olive Ragout, recipe follows, 1 bunch watercress, 2 pounds large russet potatoes, Salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons pitted and finely chopped olives, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup olives, pitted and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 jalapeno peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 1 red bell pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and cut into medium dice, 1 poblano pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and cut into medium dice, 1 yellow bell pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and cut into medium dice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Olive Branch Smoked Beef Tenderloin, Olive Oil Mashed Potatoes, Roasted Chili and Olive Ragout, picturelink: null}, 43527: {instructions: For the eyes: Place the malt balls cut side down on the work surface. Add a mini chocolate chip to each ball by gluing with a little buttercream as a pupil for each eye. Set aside.nFor the legs: Cut each of the green gumdrop fruit slices horizontally into 3 thinner slices. Cut 3 toes into each leg snip with scissors. Set aside.nFor the tongues and flies: Place the red gumdrop fruit slices on the work surface. Cut each horizontally into 3 thinner slices. Cut each slice into a narrow strip to make a tongue. Place a mini chocolate chip at one end of each tongue. Snip tiny wedges of marshmallow with scissors to make little fly wings. Cut the end of each wedge off and glue 1 wedge on each side of the chocolate chip, using the sticky cut side of the marshmallow to adhere.nTo assemble: Frost each cupcake with about 2 tablespoons buttercream. Place the green sanding sugar in a small bowl. Invert each cupcake into the sugar and press gently to adhere. Attach the eyes by pressing gently into the frosting. Push the legs and tongue into the edges of the cupcake. Repeat steps for all cupcakes., ingredients: [12 yogurtcovered malt balls, halved for the eyes, 36 mini chocolate chips for the pupils and the flies, 2 cups vanilla buttercream, 16 green gumdrop fruit slices for the legs, 4 red gumdrop fruit slices for the tongues, 6 mini marshmallows for the fly wings, 12 vanilla cupcakes, 12 cup lightgreen sanding sugar], title: Frog Cupcakes, picturelink: wiAXaYYOjc.j2VdjIbkOl5TxRfGnW}, 43528: {instructions: Fill a large stockpot with water and bring to a boil. Add the ribs, garlic cloves and bay leaf. Parboil the ribs, covered, for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until fork tender.nIn a medium saucepan, combine all ingredients. Pour 1 cup of the rib water into the mixture. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for approximately 15 minutes until the sauce has thickened and is heated through. Add the ribs to the pot, turning with tongs to coat well. Season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the ribs to a hot outdoor grill, meat side down first, and cook 8 to 10 minutes on each side, taking care not to burn them. Serve with remaining sauce on the side., ingredients: [8 pounds beef short ribs, cut across the bone, 2 garlic cloves, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup brown mustard, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 13 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 tablespoon molasses, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon granulated onion, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Downhome Barbecue Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 43529: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSaute the sausage in a large heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat until cooked through, crumbling coarsely with the back of a spoon, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the sausage and drippings to a large bowl. Melt the butter in the same skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the leeks, apples, celery and poultry seasoning to the skillet and saute until the leeks are soft, about 8 minutes. Mix in the drained cranberries, sage and rosemary. Add the mixture to the sausage, then mix in the croutons and parsley. Next add the chicken stock a little at a time until the stuffing is very moist. Be sure not to overdo it it shouldnt be mushy. Season with salt and pepper. Place in a casserole dish. The stuffing can be made to this point 2 days before Thanksgiving, refrigerated.nBake in a 14inch oval or 9 by 13inch rectangular casserole dish and place, uncovered, in the oven for 20 to 30 minutes, until the top is crispy and the center piping hot. Remove and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound mild bulk breakfast sausage, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 cups sliced leeks, white and palegreen parts only, cleaned well about 2 large leeks, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and chopped, 1 cup chopped celery with leaves, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, 1 cup dried cranberries, rehydrated in boiling water for 15 minutes and drained, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 6 cups boxed bread cubes croutons, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 to 3 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper], title: Sausage, Dried Cranberry and Apple Stuffing, picturelink: OgOQtlHyJ.iqQz65B4StXAKLixdrhlC}, 43530: {instructions: Combine the sugar, salt, water and dried spices. Add the pork tenderloin and brine for at least 2 hours. Do not let sit in the brine for more than 24 hours. Remove from the brine and pat dry. Cover and place in the refrigerator until cooking time.nPork Seasoning:n12 cup sugarn14 cup kosher saltn14 cup freshly ground black peppernCombine the sugar salt and pepper and sprinkle on pork tenderloin generously. Sear in a hot pan and finish in a 400 degree F oven until desired temperature. Cooking to medium is recommended.nRoasted Sweet Potatoes:n2 medium sized sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced 2 inches thicknWater for boilingn2 tablespoons freshly ground cuminn12 cup olive oilnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBlanch the sweet potatoes in boiling water until firm, but not soft. Remove from the boiling water and place on paper towel until all water is absorbed. Heat a shallow ovenproof pan and add the olive oil. Place the sweet potatoes in the pan, sprinkle with ground cumin, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until both sides are golden brown.nPreserved lemons:n2 cups granulated sugarn4 cups cold watern2 sprigs thymen2 large lemons sliced paper thinnCombine the sugar, water and thyme. Bring to a boil and add the lemon slices. Bring back to a boil. Remove from heat and set aside.nTo assemble dish: Arrange the sweet potatoes on a plate and slice the pork tenderloin in to 3inch medallions. Place the pork on top of the sweet potatoes and garnish with the preserved lemon slices. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and sea salt., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup kosher salt, 4 cups cold water, 2 whole star anise, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 4 whole pieces pork tenderloin], title: Sugar and Salt Pork with Roasted Sweet Potatoes and Preserved Lemons, picturelink: null}, 43531: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the grapefruit juice, gin and simple syrup to a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Cover and vigorously shake for 30 seconds. Strain into a cocktail glass filled with ice. Garnish with a small triangle wedge of grapefruit., ingredients: [2 ounces freshly squeezed ruby red grapefruit juice, 2 ounces gin, 1 tablespoon simple syrup], title: Grapefruit Gimlet, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 43532: {instructions: Combine the Jack Daniels, triple sec, orange juice and sour mix in a cocktail shaker with ice shake well. Strain into a large fishbowl glass filled with ice and add the orange andor lemon slices. Serve with straws for sharing.nPhotograph by James Baigrie, ingredients: [4 12 ounces Jack Daniels, 1 12 ounces triple sec, 34 ounce freshly squeezed orange juice, 6 ounces sour mix, 3 orange andor lemon slices], title: Lynchburg Lemonade, picturelink: oSJcDBo57w7pSNggXoQINTYgUAPiUEq}, 43533: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put a jelly roll pan or half sheet pan in the oven.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the fingerling potatoes, onion, bacon, and rosemary leaves. Add 14 cup of olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss together to coat with olive oil.nTake the preheated jelly roll pan out of the oven and drizzle some olive oil over entire surface. Cut the dough into 2 pieces and reserve 1 piece for another use. Stretch the pizza dough out so it is just bigger than the pan, then lay it inside the pan so the dough comes up the sides to form a crust on the rim.nPour the potato mixture onto the pizza dough, then sprinkle with shredded fontina. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until crispy and golden, about 20 to 25 minutes. Garnish with arugula and drizzle the lemon juice over the top. Serve immediately.nIn a small bowl, combine the yeast, sugar and water and stir gently to dissolve. Let the mixture stand until the yeast comes alive and starts to foam, 5 to 10 minutes.nIf youre using a stand mixer, combine the salt and flour to the bowl and pulse a few times to mix. Add the yeast mixture, at the lowest speed, until the flour incorporates. When the dough starts to come together, increase the speed to medium and mix until the dough gathers into a ball. This should take about 2 minutes. Add the olive oil and pulse a few more times. Stop the machine periodically to scrape the dough off the hook. Get a feel for the dough as youre making it by squeezing a small amount together between your thumb and fingers. If its crumbly, add more water, if its sticky, add more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and fold it over itself a few times, kneading until its smooth and elastic.nIf youre making the dough by hand, add the yeast mixture to a large bowl and stir in the salt and the 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Then begin stirring in the flour. When the mixture becomes too stiff to stir with a spoon, knead in the rest of the flour by hand, adding just enough so that the dough is soft but not too sticky. As you work, squeeze a small amount of dough together between your thumb and fingers. If its crumbly, add more water if its sticky, add more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time. Knead until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes.nForm the dough into a round and put it into a lightly oiled bowl, turning it over to coat the dough entirely with the oil. Cover with plastic wrap or a damp towel and let it rise in a warm spot i.e., over a gas pilot light until it doubles in size, about 1 hour., ingredients: [1 recipe fresh pizza dough, recipe follows, 3 to 4 baby Yukon gold fingerling potatoes, finely sliced, 12 small onion, finely sliced, 6 slices applewood smoked bacon, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons rosemary leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra to grease pan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded fontina cheese, 1 cup baby arugula, optional, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 packages active dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 cups warm water 100 to 110 degrees F., 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 6 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for bowl], title: Bacon, Potato, Rosemary and Fontina Pizza, picturelink: pAdaPaA3hPqfZSe8WBiomXlk1P1Idpa}, 43534: {instructions: Preheat toaster oven to 450 degrees F.nMicrowave bok choy and asparagus for 1 12 minutes on high.nMix soy sauce, ginger, vinegar, and green onions in a bowl. Place both salmon fillets on a sheet of aluminum foil large enough to make a packet around the fish. Arrange bok choy and asparagus evenly on top of fish and then pour the marinade over and wrap foil around tightly.nPlace in toaster oven for 15 minutes and then check to make sure fish is cooked to your liking. Remove from foil packet and serve., ingredients: [4 heads baby bok choy, 8 spears asparagus, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon peeled and minced ginger, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced green onions, 2 4ounce salmon fillets], title: Ginger Packet Salmon, Toaster Style, picturelink: null}, 43535: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet, heat the canola oil over mediumhigh heat. Season the brisket on both sides with a generous pinch of salt. Sear the brisket in the hot pan until browned, about 4 minutes per side.nTo the slow cooker, add the parsley stems, celery and bay leaf. Put the seared brisket on top of the vegetables. In a large bowl whisk together the broth, wine, tomato paste, and pot roast seasoning. Pour the mixture over the brisket, top with onions, and cook on low, until the meat is forktender, about 4 to 6 hours. One hour before the brisket is done add the carrots, and mushrooms.nRemove the meat, carrots, and mushrooms from the slow cooker and set aside. Strain the liquid into a medium pan over mediumhigh heat. In a small bowl, whisk together the gravy mix with 1 cup of cold water. Turn the heat to medium and whisk in the gravy mixture. Cook until thickened, about 2 minutes.nSlice the brisket and arrange it on a serving platter. Serve it with the carrots, mushrooms, and gravy. Garnish with the reserved chopped parsley leaves and serve., ingredients: [Canola oil, for searing, 1 2 12 to 3 pound brisket, Kosher salt, 1 bunch parsley, stems reserved and leaves chopped, 2 stalks celery with leaves, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 14.5ounce can beef broth, 2 cups red wine, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 .87ounce packet slow cooker pot roast seasoning, 2 medium onions, chopped, 2 large carrots, sliced, 2 8ounce packages mixed wild mushrooms, 1 .87ounce packet brown gravy mix, 1 cup cold water, Special equipment: a slow cooker], title: Slow Cooker Brisket with Brown Gravy, picturelink: ecMhImvWtoc4xz1QCheLgYYeyz70pHS}, 43536: {instructions: Heat cream and shortening until shortening is melted. Cool and then add to riced potatoes. Sift flour, sugar and salt and add to potato mixture. Take a piece of dough as for pie crust I use a piece a little smaller than a tennis ball, Roll the dough in a circle on a floured cloth rolling as thin as possible.nUsing a lefsa turner a long thin stick to lift the rolled lefsa dough, bake on top of a lefsa or pancake griddle that is preheated to 425 degrees F. Bake until light brown on both sides. Serve warm or cooled spread with butter and sugar and rolled up.nCut into onefourths, for serving., ingredients: [12 cup cream, 13 cup shortening, 4 cups riced potaoes, cold, 2 to 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, Salt, to taste 12 to 1 teaspoon, Softened butter, for serving, Sugar, for serving], title: Moms Norwegian Potato Lefsa, picturelink: null}, 43537: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the squash, beets, onions and thyme in a large bowl. Drizzle with oil and toss to coat. Season generously with salt and pepper. Spread in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet and roast, tossing once, until golden brown and tender, 45 to 50 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 pound red beets, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 yellow onions, large diced about 4 cups, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 43538: {instructions: Place ice in blender and pulse several times, to begin breaking it up. Add raspberries, club soda, lemonade mix, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, and tequila and blend until thick and smooth, about 30 seconds.nPour 1 tablespoon or so of lemon juice into a small saucer. In another saucer, pour a thin layer of salt table salt, or kosher is even better. Dip the rims of the glassed in the lemon juice, then the salt. Pour frozen mix into salted glass and serve., ingredients: [2 cups ice cubes, 1 cup frozen raspberries, 14 cup club soda, 2 tablespoons frozen lemonade mix, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, divided, 3 ounces tequila, Salt, for garnish], title: Raspberry Lemon Margarita, picturelink: eBmAGLRrgs2Uu5dwzuHM6aBphMMvOlC}, 43539: {instructions: Cucumber Kimchee:nPrepare ribs according to photo below. Place the ribs in one layer in a large nonreactive baking dish, pour in the Korean BBQ Marinade, and turn the ribs to coat. Cover and refrigerate. Marinate for 2 to 8 hours longer makes the ribs too salty.nPrepare an outdoor grill with a highheat fire.nRemove the ribs from the marinade. Brush the grill grate lightly with oil. Place the ribs on the grill meaty side down and cook, turning as needed, until well browned but still pink inside, about 10 to 12 minutes. Set ribs aside to rest for 5 minutes. Serve with Cucumber Kimchee.nCucumber Kimchee:nA day before serving, halve the cucumbers crosswise, set them upright on the cut end, and slice lengthwise into quarters, stopping about 12 inch from the cut end. Mix the scallions, garlic, ginger, sugar, salt, and red pepper and stuff about a tablespoon of the mixture into each cucumber. Put the cucumbers in a small nonreactive baking dish, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight.nWhisk soy sauce, garlic, ginger, scallions, sugar, sesame oil, and black pepper to taste in a medium bowl. Use marinade immediately or refrigerate for up to 2 days.nShopsmart: Not all soy sauces are the same. Some are saltier, others sweet and thick. Light soy sauces are salty the light refers to the body of the sauce. Dark soy sauces are sweeter and thicker. For the best results with this marinade, choose a dark Japanese or Korean soy sauce., ingredients: [6 pounds beef short ribs, cut crosswise into twelve 2 12inch squares ask your butcher to cut the ribs for you, Korean BBQ Marinade, recipe follows, Vegetable oil, for grill, 4 Kirby cucumbers, 4 scallions white and green parts, thinly sliced, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons grated peeled fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons crushed red pepper, ground, 1 cup soy sauce, 4 large cloves garlic, peeled and chopped about 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons finely grated peeled fresh ginger, 4 scallions white and green, thinly sliced, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons dark sesame oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Korean Short Ribs with Cucumber Kimchee, picturelink: null}, 43540: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a shallow pan, heat oil to 350 degrees F.nScore sweet potato with a fork and microwave on high for 6 minutes or until cooked through. Let cool. Cut sweet potato in half, scoop out the flesh, and place it into a mixing bowl with the butter. Mash well. Add egg, bread crumbs, flour, salt, and pepper and mix well. Add the chives and corn and mix gently. Using 2 spoons to shape, scoop mounds into hot oil, cooking on both sides, in batches, until golden brown. With a slotted spoon or spider, remove fritters from oil and place on paper towel to dry. Mix sour cream, reserved chives, salt and pepper, to taste, and place a small dollop on each fritter when ready to serve., ingredients: [Canola oil, 1 large sweet potato about 1 cup, 4 tablespoons melted salted butter, 1 egg, 14 cup bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped chives reserve 1 tablespoon for sour cream topping, 12 cup fresh or thawed frozen corn, 1 cup sour cream], title: Sweet Potato Fritters, picturelink: 38yYOaQBKTWq821tdLWNMoBM047WOMK}, 43541: {instructions: Toppings: Mayonnaise mixed with mustard and hot sauce, sliced fried pork cutlets, chopped tomato and diced red onionnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Fried Pork Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 43542: {instructions: In advance: pour distilled vinegar into a bowl with the green chili rings and let sit for at least 1 hour prior to serving soup.nTo prepare soup, wash red lentils in warm water, 2 or 3 times over. Then fill large pot with 5 to 6 cups water. Cook lentils over medium flame until they lose their form, and a souplike base is formed. Add fresh chopped cilantro, salt and pepper to soup, set soup aside.nNext, prepare the rest of the addins. Grate Idaho potatoes and deep fry to golden brown in hot oil. Place on paper towels to absorb excess oil, then put into a bowl. Saute onions in pan with 13 cup vegetable oil until goldendark brown and caramelized, then place in a bowl. Saute cubed bread in a mixture of 14 cup oil and 14 cup butter until golden brown, put in a bowl. Roughly chop cilantro, put into a bowl.nTo serve, place soup and addins on the table. Guests place 2 or 3 ladles of soup into their soup bowl, then, in middle of soup bowl, pile high with desired addins do not spread out garnish., ingredients: [2 cups red lentils, 13 cup fresh cilantro, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 12 cup distilled white vinegar, 10 to 12 green chilies cut into rings, 2 large Idaho potatoes grated on medium grater, Vegetable oil, 2 to 3 cups Vidalia onions cut into 1inch slivers, Cubed bread 14inch to 12inch cubes, Salted butter, 1 cup fresh cilantro], title: Lentil Soup, picturelink: null}, 43543: {instructions: In a medium heavy skillet, heat the olive oil over high heat. Add the okra and toss constantly until seared and golden, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, season to taste with salt and pepper and set aside.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the ground dried shrimp with the fresh shrimp and peanuts. Pulse, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary, until the mixture forms a chunky paste.nIn a large, heavy skillet heat the Dende oil over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic and chile flakes and cook, stirring frequently, for 2 to 3 minutes, until golden. Add the shrimp paste, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper and stir to mix. Pour in the water and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low and simmer the Caruru gently for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. The mixture will be quite thick. Stir in the reserved okra, cilantro and tabasco and cook for 2 minutes more, until the okra is heated through. Serve over white rice, garnished with the cooked jumbo shrimp, red pepper julienne, cilantro sprigs and lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds small okra pods, topped, tailed, and cut into small pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons ground dried shrimp see Note 1, 1 pound jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 13 cup roasted peanuts, 2 tablespoons dende oil see Note 2, 1 medium onion, very finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon red chile flakes, 34 cup water, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, finely chopped, Dash of tabasco, Cooked white rice, for serving, 12 cooked jumbo shrimp, for garnish, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and cut into fine julienne for garnish, Whole sprigs of cilantro, for garnish, Wedges of lemon, for serving], title: Caruru, picturelink: null}, 43544: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the walnuts on a baking sheet and roast until golden, 10 to 12 minutes let cool slightly, then chop.nMeanwhile, make the dressing: Whisk the yogurt, blue cheese, shallot and 1 tablespoon water in a large bowl whisk in another tablespoon of water if the dressing is too thick. Season with salt and pepper.nAdd the spinach, tomatoes, hearts of palm, cucumbers and beets to the bowl with the dressing and toss. Add the chicken and toss again. Divide among plates and top with the walnuts. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with the rolls.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 cup walnuts, 12 cup plain Greek yogurt, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 6ounce package baby spinach, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 1 14ounce can hearts of palm, drained and halved lengthwise, 3 Persian cucumbers, roughly chopped, 2 8ounce vacuumsealed packages cooked beets, quartered, 1 8ounce smoked chicken breast, thinly sliced, 4 wholegrain dinner rolls], title: Smoked Chicken Salad, picturelink: pjHFdxjE3pNWfllKQhTfI1gb85YG6}, 43545: {instructions: Combine cornmeal, flour and salt on large plate. Brush catfish fillets with Tabasco sauce. Press fish into cornmeal mixture to coat well on both sides. Heat 1 tablespoon each of olive oil and butter in 12inch skillet over medium heat. Add fillets and cook 4 minutes. With spatula, carefully turn fish. Add remaining oil and butter. Cook 4 minutes longer or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork. Garnish with lemon wedges., ingredients: [14cup yellow cornmeal, 2 Tbs. allpurpose flour, 1 tsp. salt, 1 lb. catfish fillets, 12 to 112 tsp. original Tabasco brand pepper sauce, 2 Tbs. olive oil, divided, 2 Tbs. butter, divided, lemon wedges], title: CornmealCrusted Catfish Fillets, picturelink: null}, 43546: {instructions: Marinate rattlesnake meat, refrigerated, for about 3 hours in teriyaki sauce, seasoned salt and jalapeno seasoning.nIn a large iron skillet, heat olive oil and sear meat. Add bell pepper, onion, garlic and tomatoes and cook for about 10 minutes until vegetables are tender. Add any additional seasonings to suit taste.nCut pitas in 12 and butter the inside of the pocket and toast until crispy. Spoon rattlesnake meat and vegetables into pitas and top with cheese.nServed best on a bed of rice with side condiments of picante sauce, guacamole and sour cream., ingredients: [1 rattlesnake, filleted and cut into small pieces see note, 3 tablespoons teriyaki sauce, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt recommended: Lawrys brand, 1 teaspoon jalapeno seasoning, Olive oil, to sear meat, 1 large bell pepper, sliced any color, or use a variety for extra flavor and color, 1 large onion, sliced, 12 clove garlic, minced, 6 cherry tomatoes, halved, 6 onion flavored pita bread pockets, 1 cup colby cheese, shredded, Condiments: picante sauce, guacamole, sour cream], title: Rattlesnake Fajita Pitas, picturelink: null}, 43547: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a large pot of water on to boil for egg noodles and broccolini. Salt the water and cook the broccolini until tender. Remove to a plate. When the broccolini is cool enough to handle chop it into bitesize pieces.nPlace the chicken in a few inches of water with a peeled quartered onion and a couple of bay leaves. Bring the water to a low boil then reduce the heat to a simmer and gently poach the chicken 10 to 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the extravirgin olive oil in skillet over medium heat and saute the onions and garlic until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the broccolini to the pan and season with salt and pepper. Turn the heat off pan.nWhile the onions cook, heat the butter in a medium saucepot over medium heat, whisk in flour 1 minute then whisk in the milk and season with salt, pepper, freshly grated nutmeg, and thyme. Thicken 5 minutes then whisk in a little of the sauce to the egg yolks to combine, then add the egg yolks back to the sauce and whisk to combine, turn heat down to the lowest setting.nCooks Note: If sauce becomes too thick, add a splash of chicken poaching liquid and turn off the heat.nShred the poached chicken with forks or dice poached chicken into small, bitesize pieces.nPreheat the broiler.nTo the large pot of boiling water, add the egg noodles. Cook the noodles according to package directions for al dente. Drain the noodles very well and add them back to the hot pot. Stir in the broccolini, chicken, and sauce, and then transfer to a casserole dish. Place the casserole in the middle of the oven and broil 3 to 5 minutes until bubbly and brown. Cool and store for makeahead meal.nTo serve the casserole, heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Mix together the panko, Gruyere, Parm, and parsley. Place the casserole on a baking sheet in upper half of the oven and bake 30 minutes, add the topping and bake 15 to 20 minutes more, or until brown and crispy on top., ingredients: [1 generous bundle broccolini, trimmed and cut into 2inch pieces or 1 small head broccoli, trimmed and cut into small, thin stalks and florets, Salt, 2 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast, fat removed, 1 medium onion, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 pound extrawide egg noodles, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 rounded tablespoons flour, 2 cups whole milk, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, A few sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed and chopped, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup white or whole wheat panko Japanese bread crumbs, 1 cup shredded Gruyere cheese, 12 cup shredded ParmigianoReggiano cheese, A handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped], title: Chicken Divan Egg Noodle Casserole, picturelink: 5R0JMBtL9mmDXyFt4JimBkw9q0OBCFS}, 43548: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush the inside of 6 10ounce ramekins with melted butter. Put a few tablespoons of sugar in a ramekin, and roll to coat the inside with sugar. Pour the sugar in the next ramekin and continue to coat the remaining ramekins in the same manner, adding more sugar, if necessary.nMelt the chocolate and butter over a double boiler, stirring until smooth. Set aside to cool the mixture until it is just warm to the touch.nIn an electric mixer with the whisk attachment, beat the egg yolks until light and foamy. Mix in the liqueur and vanilla. Fold in the chocolate mixture.nIn a clean mixer bowl, beat the egg whites and cream of tartar to soft peaks. With the mixer running, add the sugar and beat to stiff peaks.nIn 3 additions, fold the whites into the chocolate mixture until just combined. Fill the ramekins with the mixture. Bake until the souffles have risen and the tops and edges are lightly browned. Remove from the oven and immediately sift confectioners sugar over the tops. Place on a plate and serve immediately. At the table, poke a hole in the center of the souffle with a spoon and pour in Black Walnut Caramel Sauce.nIn a saucepan, combine the sugar and water. Bring to a boil, cook until the caramel is beginning to turn brown. Carefully swirl the pan until the caramel turns a deep brown.nImmediately add the walnuts and cream, being careful not to let the cream boil over.nReduce the heat to a simmer. With a wooden spoon, scrape the bottom of the pan until all caramel is dissolved and sauce is smooth. Remove from the heat. Add vanilla and butter. Stir until the butter is completely dissolved., ingredients: [Melted butter, for brushing ramekins, Sugar, for coating ramekins, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped into small pieces, 3 ounces butter, 7 eggs, separated, 14 cup orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 cup sugar, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, Black Walnut Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, 1 14 cups sugar, 13 cup hot water, 1 cup chopped black walnuts, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 ounces whole unsalted butter], title: Chocolate Grand Marnier Souffles with Black Walnut Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43549: {instructions: In a large saucepan, melt butter. Add all ingredients except beans and rice and saute until vegetables are soft. Add beans and cook for 30 minutes over medium heat. Use hand blender or potato masher to mash beans until approximately 50 percent of the beans remain intact. Serve over cooked white rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups diced green pepper, 2 cups chopped onion, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons oregano, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons dried basil, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 2 bay leaves, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 to 2 pounds smoked sausage we use Conecuh Sausage, Six 14ounce cans dark red kidney beans, Cooked white rice, for serving], title: Guys Gumbo Shack  Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: null}, 43550: {instructions: Make the chocolate syrup: Combine the sugar and 13 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, then whisk in the cocoa powder until smooth. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Let cool completely.nSpoon about 2 12 tablespoons of the chocolate syrup into each glass. Add 1 12 cups milk and a generous pinch of salt. Stir until the syrup and salt dissolve.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 cups cold milk, Kosher salt], title: Salted Chocolate Milk, picturelink: P9xOjnk3WHOtNvQ5OGEwGVh1igG6ceS}, 43551: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F and place 2 baking sheets in the oven to preheat.nPut the potatoes into a large bowl and add the oil, salt, garlic powder, paprika and nutmeg. Toss gently to coat and carefully transfer to preheated pans. Place in the oven for 20 minutes, remove and, using a spatula, flip the fries. Return to the oven for an additional 10 to 15 minutes, or until the fries are brown and crispy on both sides. Remove and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 Idaho potatoes, cut in half lengthwise and cut into 14inch strips, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg], title: Oven Fries, picturelink: 63dKyenHOOgPswdKTh46v6t6xLKfUK}, 43552: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 13 by 9inch baking dish with butter and set aside.nAdd the bread in a large bowl and set aside. Meanwhile, add 1 tablespoon of the butter to a large frying pan over medium heat. When it foams, stir in the garlic, celery, and onions, and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until just softened, about 5 minutes. Add the thyme and the sage and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute.nRemove from the heat and stir in the cherries, apples, and the pecans. Transfer to the bowl with the bread and toss to evenly combine.nCombine the remaining butter with the broth and the apple juice in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Drizzle over the bread mixture and toss to coat. Transfer to the prepared baking dish and bake until golden brown on top and heated through and the internal temperature registers 160 to 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 30 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for baking dish, 1 pound loaf wholewheat bread, cut into large dice, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 celery ribs, roughly chopped, 1 large red onion, roughly chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup dried cherries, 1 cup dried apples, roughly chopped, 1 cup roughly chopped pecans, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage, 1 cup vegetable broth, 12 cup apple juice], title: Brown Bread Stuffing with Fruit, picturelink: EB95ZPcJX5nHYX7coKymhB.rMQPhB6}, 43553: {instructions: Fill the sink with cold water and add ice cubes. Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil.nMeanwhile, numb the lobsters by placing them in the freezer for 30 minutes. Transfer them to a heavy cutting board, insert the tip of a large, heavy knife at the base of the heads, and cut completely through. Remove the claws, knuckles the sections beneath the claws, and tails. Set the bodies aside for the broth. Cut the tails in half lengthwise up to the flat feathery appendages at the base of the tails these remain intact and reserve.nTransfer the claws to a large heatproof bowl, pour the boiling water over them to cover, and allow them to cook, about 5 minutes. After 3 minutes, add the knuckles. Remove the lobster parts and plunge into the ice water. When the lobster is cold, remove the mea tand reserve.nTo make the broth, split the reserved lobster bodies. Heat a large, heavy pot over high heat. Add the oil and swirl to coat the bottom of the pot. When the oil shimmers, add the lobster bodies and saute, stirring, until the shells turn red, about 10 minutes. Add the tomato paste, fennel, onion, carrot, celery, lemongrass, and ginger and saute, stirring, until the vegetables are soft, about 8 minutes. Add the wine, stir, and reduce the liquid by half, 10 to 15 minutes. Do not boil it will cloud the broth. Add the bay leaf, peppercorns, and about 8 cups of water to cover the bodies. Reduce the heat and simmer for 2 hours, strain, and keep hot.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. To make the flans, heat a medium skilled over high heat. Add the oil and swirl to coat the pan. When the oil shimmers, add the shallots and saute, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and saute, stirring, until softened, about 8 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and place in the freezer to chill quickly, about 15 minutes. When cold, add the eggs, cream, scallions, and truffle oil and mix.nFill a kettle with water and bring to a boil. Spray four 4ounce ramekins lightly with nonstick cooking spray and have ready a baking dish large enough to hold them. Fill the ramekins fourfifths full with the flan mixture and transfer them to the pan. Add sufficient boiling water to the pan to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins and transfer to the oven. Bake just until the flans are set, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, season the reserved lobster tails with the salt and pepper to taste. Heat a large skillet over high heat. Add the canola oil and swirl to coat the pan. When the oil shimmers, add the tails, feeler sides down. Cook, turning once, until the shells turn red, about 5 minutes. Add the claws, stir, and add 3 cups of the broth. Add the lemon juice and season with the salt and pepper to taste.nDivide the fondue among 4 large pasta bowls. Carefully invert a flan onto each portion. Top with the lobster tail and claws and ladle the broth around. Garnish with the scallions and serve.nTo make the fondue, heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter and swirl to coat the pan. Add the garlic and ginger and saute, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the bok choy and 12 cup of the reserved lobster broth. Season with the salt and pepper to taste and cook until the bok choy is soft, about 5 minutes. Fold in the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter, correct the seasonings, and keep warm. Add the knuckles right before serving to warm., ingredients: [4 live lobsters, 1 12 pounds each, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 fennel bulb, cut into 14inch slices, 1 medium red onion, cut into 14inch slices, 1 carrot, cut on the diagonal into 14inch slices, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 6 lemongrass stalks, white parts only, pounded to flatten and sliced 14 inch thick, 2 14inchthick slices fresh ginger, 1 cup Chardonnay or other dry, fullbodied white wine, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon green peppercorns, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots, 1 12 cups shiitake mushroom caps sliced 14 inch thick, 4 eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons scallions, green parts only, sliced 18 inch thick, 2 teaspoons white truffle oil, plus more for garnish, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 13 cup scallions, green parts only, sliced diagonally 18 inch thick, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 1 large bok choy, sliced 14 inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lobster in Lemongrass Broth with Truffled Shiitake Flans, picturelink: 8UTbkbrV4.oOh5E5UmUDmmkWUnr793K}, 43554: {instructions: Mix ingredients and season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to glass quart jar and keep refrigerated. Use as you need it, adding herbs, spices or crumbled cheese to vary flavor each time., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup olive oil, Approximately 34 cup white wine vinegar, Mustard to taste, 2 teaspoons salt, Smashed clove or two of garlic], title: Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 43555: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring 4 cups lightly salted water to a boil. Add the asparagus and cook until soft, 5 to 7 minutes. With tongs, remove the asparagus and set aside to cool. Remove the saucepan from the heat and let the asparagus cooking water cool to warm.nIn a deep, 14inch nonstick saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over high heat. Cook the sausage, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned but not yet crisp. Set aside in a bowl to cool.nPour the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil into the pan, keep the heat high and use a wooden spoon to scrape up the bits of meat from the bottom. When the oil is hot, add the shallot, reduce the heat to mediumhigh and saute until softened. Add the rice to the pan and cook, stirring well, until the rice begins frying, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in the wine, stir well and cook for 3 to 4 minutes to let it reduce slightly.nReduce the heat to medium low, add the cheese rind and slowly start adding the asparagus water in 4 to 6ounce ladlefuls, stirring constantly and giving the rice time to absorb the liquid before adding another ladleful. Cook until the rice is nearly al dente, 12 to 15 minutes.nChop the asparagus into 1inch pieces and add them to the rice along with the sausage meat and any juices that have collected in the bowl. Season the risotto with salt and pepper and continue cooking, adding asparagus water if necessary to keep the liquid level balanced, until the water is absorbed and the rice is al dente, about 2 minutes.nServe with a sprinkle of parsley, a dash of Parmesan and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch thin asparagus about 8 ounces, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, 2 pork sausages about 8 ounces, casings removed, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 cup Carnaroli or arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine, One 1 12ounce piece ParmigianoReggiano cheese rind, plus freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, for serving, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh Italian parsley], title: Sausage and Asparagus Risotto, picturelink: b7a08rs967UnK4TEaK5dgqbCWC0hNEy}, 43556: {instructions: Cut beef into 1 12inch cubes, then rinse in warm water to clean.nPut beef into a medium sauce pot with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and bouillon cubes.nCover and place pot over low heat. Let it steam for 20 minutes.nPut 3 tomatoes, 1 red pepper, 1 onion, and 1 garlic clove into a blender and pulse to coarsely chop. Then pour tomato mixture into the pot with the beef and add the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Cook 15 minutes.nStirring it on medium heat, add the remaining 3 tomatoes, cut into wedges, 1 sliced red pepper, 1 sliced onion, and 1 sliced garlic clove. Cook for 15 minutes and its ready to serve.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 2pound New York strip steak, cut into 1inch cubes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and ground black pepper, 6 chicken bouillon cubes recommended: Maggi or Goya, 6 tomatoes, 2 red peppers, 2 onions, 2 cloves garlic], title: Beef in Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43557: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nGrease 2 12 by 18 by 1inch baking pans and warm in the oven while preparing the ingredients.nIn a large mixing bowl, mix the dry ingredients together. In a separate bowl, mix the eggs and milk together. Then mix the eggmilk mixture into the dry ingredients. Add the vegetable oil and mix. Pour mixture into the hot baking pans and bake for 20 minutes., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 6 cups cornmeal, 1 cup sugar, 7 tablespoons baking powder, 6 eggs, 6 cups milk, 1 12 cups vegetable oil], title: Corn Bread, picturelink: null}, 43558: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nThread meat, bread, and veggies onto skewers. My kids entirely do this part on their own, and I encourage them to make creative patterns. Arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet, and brush with Italian dressing. Sprinkle with cheese and bake for 20 minutes, until heated through and cheese is melted. Serve with warm spaghetti sauce for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup sliced pepperoni, 1 cup sliced Italian sausage, 12 French bread loaf, toasted and cubed, 12 green pepper, cut into bitesized pieces, 12 cup halved fresh mushrooms, 12 cup zucchini slices, 14 cup Italian dressing, 14 cup shredded mozzarella, 1 cup spaghetti sauce, warmed], title: Pizza on a Stick, picturelink: null}, 43559: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F. In a medium bowl, combine all ingredients mix well. Transfer mixture to a 15x10inch jelly roll pan. Bake 15 to 20 minutes or until the tomatoes have shriveled and browned lightly. Cool on the pan. Transfer to a shallow bowl. Serve at room temperature with toasted baguette slices or crackers., ingredients: [1 pint 2 cups grape or cherry tomatoes, 1 cup Lindsayu00ae Ripe Pitted Olives, 1 cup Lindsayu00ae Greek Kalamata Pitted Olives, 1 cup Lindsayu00ae Garlic Stuffed Spanish Olives, 1 tablespoon herbs de Provence blend or a mix of dried rosemary and thyme, 8 whole garlic cloves, peeled, 14 cup olive oil, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Lindsay Roasted Olives, picturelink: null}, 43560: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the potatoes in a bowl with the oil, salt, and pepper until completely coated. Place on a baking sheet and bake until fork tender, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a small pot of water to a boil and salt it generously. Fill a medium bowl with ice water. Put the chives in the boiling water and cook until bright green, about 30 seconds. Immediately, plunge into the ice water to set the color. Squeeze all the water out of the chives and give them a rough chop. Put into a blender with the sour cream. Pulse until you have a smooth green sauce and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Chill until ready to serve. Or, thinly slice the chives and stir into the sour cream, season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCut the potatoes lengthwise and then across. Pinch and press the sides to open the potatoes. Divide the butter among the potatoes and serve with the sour cream. Garnish with crumbled bacon if desired., ingredients: [4 small russet potatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoons kosher or sea salt, plus for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch chives about 1ounce, 12 cup sour cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 slices bacon, cooked crispy, and crumbled, optional garnish], title: Baked Potatoes, picturelink: rihd5TAppCPiQGekWb4CrjP9g2jsEi}, 43561: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWhisk together the 12 ounces flour, baking powder, baking soda and kosher salt in a large mixing bowl. Using your fingertips, rub the butter and shortening into the dry goods until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the middle of this mixture and pour in the buttermilk. Stir with a large spoon until the dough just comes together. Then knead in the bowl until all the flour has been taken up.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface, then start folding the dough over on itself, gently kneading for 30 seconds, or until the dough is soft and smooth. Press the dough into a 1inch thick round. Using a 3inch round cutter, cut out biscuits, being sure to push the cutter straight down through the dough to the work surface before twisting to punch out the biscuit. Make your cuts as close together as possible to limit waste.nPlace the biscuits on a half sheet pan so they just barely touch. Reroll any scraps and punch out as many biscuits as possible. Use your thumb to create a shallow dimple in the top center of each biscuit and bake until the biscuits are tall and light gold on top, 15 to 20 minutes. Turn the biscuits out into a kitchen towellined basket and cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [12 ounces allpurpose flour, plus 12 cup for dusting, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 ounce unsalted butter, chilled, 2 ounces shortening, chilled, 8 fluid ounces lowfat buttermilk, chilled], title: Southern Biscuits, picturelink: iwRCKjatLHGS9VI15VA.ZC3SKKr7ZBa}, 43562: {}, 43563: {instructions: For the Chocolate Malt Parfait: Place 8 Dixie cups on a tray and set aside. Whip heavy cream to soft peaks and chill. In a small saucepan, combine the sugar and water and cook the mixture to 238 degrees. While cooking the sugar, keep a small bowl of water and a clean brush to the pan to wash down any sugar crystals. While the sugar is cooking, whip the egg yolks and the malt powder together on high speed scraping the bowl down as needed. When sugar syrup reaches 238 degrees, decrease the speed of the mixture and slowly add the syrup. Continue whipping the mixture at medium speed until it is cool and thick. Fold the melted chocolate into the yolk mixture, followed by gently folding in the whipped cream. Pour into dixie cups and freeze for at least 8 hours.nFor the Chocolate Ganache Glaze: Chop chocolate and set aside in a medium sized mixing bowl. Bring heavy cream just to a scald and pour over chopped chocolate to melt. Gently stir the mixture until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth.nFor the Vanilla Polka Dot Wafers: Cream the butter, sugar, and vanilla together until light. Scrape the bowl often. Add the egg whites, mix until combined. Follow with the flour and salt, mixing just until the mixture comes together. Take 12 cup of the mixture and to it add 12 tablespoon cocoa, and mix until the cocoa is well incorporated. Spread the wafer mixture evenly onto a 4inch circle template teflon baking sheet. With a pastry bag and round tip, pipe small dots of chocolate batter onto the existing batter, creating a polka dot pattern Bake wafers in a preheated 350 degree oven for 15 minutes.nTo assemble: Unmold the chocolate parfait from the dixie cup and place on a glazing rack. Pour the chocolate ganache over the top of the parfait, creating an enrobed effect. Place the parfaits back in the freezer for a short time, just to set. To serve: garnish the top of the parfait with a small amount of gold leaf. Place the parfait on top of polka dot wafer, and garnish the plate with a few clementine segments., ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 8 egg yolks, 6 tablespoons barley malt powder, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, Pinch salt, 1 pound semisweet chocolate, 10 ounces heavy cream, 12 cup butter, 12 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 cup egg whites, 12 cup all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon cocoa, Pinch salt, 3 whole clementines, 24 karat gold leaf, Bittersweet chocolate malt parfait, Polka dot wafers], title: Bittersweet Chocolate Malt Parfait, Polka Dot Vanilla Wafers and Clementines, picturelink: null}, 43564: {instructions: Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Cream the butter and sugar in a large bowl. Beat in the orange zest and eggs, 1 at a time. Add the orange juice and milk and beat until mixed thoroughly. It will appear curdled.nAdd the flour mixture and beat until it is just moistened. Stir in the apricots, walnuts, and cranberries.nPlace baking rack in middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour 5 5 34 by 2 14inch loaf pans.nPour the batter into the pans. Bake for 45 minutes. Test for doneness with a toothpick  it should come out clean. Remove the bread from the pans, transfer to a wire rack, and let them cool on their sides.nCooks note: These breads, wrapped well in aluminum oil and plastic wrap, keep for 1 week in the refrigerator or frozen for a month., ingredients: [3 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 pound 1 stick butter, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest, 2 large eggs, 23 cup orange juice, 23 cup milk, 23 cup finely chopped apricots, 23 cup chopped walnuts, 3 cups cranberries, picked over and chopped in a food processor], title: Apricot, Orange, Cranberry Bread, picturelink: null}, 43565: {instructions: Toast the cumin seeds in a small skillet over high heat until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Grind the seeds in a spice grinder or with a mortar and pestle.nHeat the olive oil and garlic along with the toasted cumin over mediumhigh heat and cook until garlic begins to sizzle, about 2 minutes. Put in a nonreactive bowl and stir in lime juice, oregano, salt, pepper, and jalapeno.nPreheat stove top or outdoor grill to high heat. Cut plantains in half lengthwise and brush lightly with olive oil. Place on grill, skinside down, and cook until soft about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a platter and serve with the mojo sauce., ingredients: [14 teaspoon whole cumin seeds, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 3 cloves garlic, minced about 1 tablespoon, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves or 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 jalapeno chile, seeded and minced, 4 green plantains], title: Grilled Plantains with Mojo, picturelink: null}, 43566: {instructions: Combine all brine ingredients in a 1 12 quart saucepan and bring to a boil. Stir occasionally until sugar is completely dissolved. Let cool, cover and reserve.nCompletely submerge and soak 12 preserved herring fillets in cold water overnight to extract salt. Remove fillets and pat dry. Arrange in a shallow pan and cover completely with pickling brine. Refrigerate overnight. The next day, remove herring from brine and dice into 34inch pieces. Serve with the Mustard sauce.nCombine the sweet and Dijon mustard, sugar, vinegar, coffee, salt and pepper in a food processor. Drizzle canola oil into the mixture in a very slow, steady stream, until a thick consistency is formed. A whisk may also be used. Refrigerate overnight, ingredients: [3 cups cold water, 1 cup vinegar, 2 cups sugar, 1 carrot, diced, 1 red onion, chopped, 12 leek white part only, 1 whole bay leaf, 4 black peppercorns, 4 white peppercorns, 12 preserved herring fillets, Mustard sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon sweet mustard, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons Swedish vinegar or distilled white vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons of cold coffee, Pinch of salt, Pinch of freshly ground white peppercorns, 34 cup canola oil, 12 cup chopped dill], title: Pickled Herring, picturelink: null}, 43567: {instructions: For the crust: In a medium bowl, whisk together the allpurpose flour, almond flour, and salt. Set aside. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar on high speed until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Beat in the honey and vanilla. With the machine running, gradually add the dry ingredients and blend until incorporated. Transfer the mixture to a work surface and knead into a dough. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone liner. Set aside.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll the dough into a 12inch diameter circle, about 14inch thick. Using a 2 12inch round cookie cutter, cut out circles of the dough and arrange on the prepared baking sheet. Gather any scraps of dough and gently knead together. Roll out until 14inch thick. Cut out additional circles of dough and place on the baking sheet there should be a total of 15 to 18 circles. Bake until slightly golden around the edges, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet for 15 minutes.nFor the berries: In a medium bowl toss together the strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, lemon juice, and sugar. Let the mixture stand for 30 minutes.nFor the ricotta topping: In a medium bowl, mix together the cheese, powdered sugar, and lemon zest.nTo assemble the tartlets: Spoon 1 12 tablespoons of the ricotta topping in the center of each crust. Using a small spoon, make a shallow well in the ricotta topping and fill with a little of the berry mixture. Arrange on a platter and serve., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra, for dusting, 12 cup almond flour, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 medium strawberries, chopped into 14 to 12inch pieces to yield 12 cup, 12 cup blackberries or raspberries, halved, 12 cup blueberries, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, 1 12 cups whole milk ricotta, 14 cup powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, Special equipment: a 2 12inch round cookie cutter], title: Berry Ricotta Tartlets, picturelink: YRx6R0HY2Hs6h6g0IX5lUB56bUBEm}, 43568: {instructions: Combine coconut, walnuts, raisins, apples, prunes, pears, sugar, and cinnamon in a medium saucepan. Add water to cover, about 6 cups. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, over mediumlow heat until thick, about 1 12 hours. Add small amounts of water as necessary to prevent sticking. Add jam, remove from heat and add wine. Stir to combine. May be made ahead. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 13 4 ounces cups unsweetened, shredded coconut, 1 cup 4 ounces walnuts, coarsely chopped, 34 cup 4 ounces raisins, 1 34 cups 4 ounces dried apples, coarsely chopped, 34 cup 4 ounces dried prunes, coarsely chopped, 1 cup 4 ounces dried pears, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Water, 2 tablespoons kosher for Passover cherry jam, 14 cup sweet red kosher wine recommended: Manischewitz], title: Haroset, picturelink: null}, 43569: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Melt the butter in a 9inch castiron frying pan. Add the onions and saute until they are softened, about 5 minutes. Add the asparagus and cook until just softened, 2 minutes.nWhisk together the eggs, cream, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl until smooth. Fold in the feta. Pour the egg mixture over the asparagus mixture and cook until almost set, 2 to 4 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the broiler and cook until golden brown on top, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 bunch thin asparagus, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces about 2 cups, 4 large eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup crumbled feta], title: Asparagus Frittata, picturelink: NFHQDv.G.dwkZgbVGqRsoHIy6194CK}, 43570: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix 1 teaspoon salt with the pinch of sugar. In a medium bowl, toss the tomatoes gently with the salt mixture. Add onion and jalapeno and combine.nPlace the avocado on top of the tomato mixture and squeeze with lime juice to coat the avocado.nSprinkle on the cilantro, and stir to combine. Serve., ingredients: [Salt, Pinch of sugar, 2 medium tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 12 medium sweet onion, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded, ribs removed and finely chopped, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and cut into small cubes, 1 lime, juiced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Easy Pico de Gallo, picturelink: h7iHz4JKT5eofuemUCm7f3.kXkSW6}, 43571: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 X 13inch baking dish with the butter and set aside.nPlace the chicken in a large bowl. Add 2 12 cups of the grated cheese, the sour cream, red onions, and some salt and pepper. Mix well.nPlace the tortillas on your work surface. Spoon about 1 cup of the chicken mixture onto the center of each tortilla and roll them up. Place the rolls, seamside down, in the prepared baking dish it will be a tight fit. Scatter the salsa over the tortillas. Cover with aluminum foil and bake until heated through, 40 minutes.nRemove the foil and sprinkle the enchiladas with the remaining 12 cup of grated cheese. Return the baking dish to the oven until the cheese is melted and edges of tortilla are just beginning to get crisp, 5 to 8 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 tbsp unsalted butter, softened, 4 cups shredded rotisserie chicken or shredded cooked chicken 2 pounds cooked chicken breasts, 12 ounces grated cheddar cheese about 3 cups, 1 12 cups sour cream, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 8inch flour tortillas, 2 cups store bought salsa], title: Fastest Ever Chicken Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 43572: {instructions: Melt butter over mediumhigh heat in a large stockpot or Dutch oven. Saute onions with salt until deep brown, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat to low and add garlic, ginger, and pepper. Cook until aromas are released, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes. Add lentils and cook an additional 3 minutes, constantly stirring so the beans are evenly cooked.nAdd chicken stock, bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook, uncovered, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Stir soup regularly to ensure even cooking so the beans do not burn. When done, beans should be soft inside, with no chalkiness. Serve immediately, garnished with a dollop of yogurt., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons pureed garlic, 1 12 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups lentils, washed and drained, 5 cups chicken stock, canned broth, or water, Plain yogurt, for garnish], title: Lentil Soup, picturelink: null}, 43573: {instructions: Heat oven to 450 degrees F. Brush a large baking pan with melted butter set aside. Combine almonds and walnuts in a small bowl set aside. Combine apples, raisins, 2 tablespoons sugar, lemon zest, and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Set aside. Bring 34 cup water and the cornstarch to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring constantly until thick and smooth. Add 4 remaining tablespoons sugar, and stir until dissolved. Pour over apples. Stir to combine.nPlace a sheet of phyllo on a flat work surface to form a square. Brush with butter. Place a second sheet over the first. Brush with butter. Repeat 4 times. Spread 14 cup nuts over bottom third of phyllo in a 1inchwide line parallel to and about 3 inches from the edge of pastry. Top with a sheet of phyllo. Brush with butter. Spread half of apple mixture in a 3 12inchwide line covering the nuts sprinkle with cinnamon. Top with a sheet of phyllo. Brush with butter. Fold in right and left sides of phyllo about 1inch. Fold phyllo over once to cover apples. Brush with butter. Roll like a cigar almost to end, brushing all surfaces with butter. Fold in ragged edges, and brush with butter. Finish rolling, and place seamside down in prepared pan. Brush with butter. Cut 6 1inch diagonal slits in top of roll. With fingers, slightly widen slits. Repeat with remaining phyllo and filling. Transfer to oven, and bake until golden, about 10 minutes. Lower heat to 350 degrees F. Continue baking until juices are bubbling and apples are tender when pierced with a knife, 30 to 40 minutes more., ingredients: [10 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup finely ground almonds, 14 cup finely ground walnuts, 2 pounds Cortland, Macoun, Winesap, or other good baking apples about 8 small, peeled, cored, and cut into 14inch slices, 13 cup golden raisins, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 lemon, zested, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, plus more for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 16 sheets phyllo], title: Apple Strudel with Lili, picturelink: null}, 43574: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough and egg wash: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nSeparate the biscuits, then pat out each biscuit between your hands to flatten slightly. Lay the biscuits out on a floured work surface. Choose 1 of the 3 filling options below.nFor the mozzarella, tomato and basil filling: In the center of each biscuit, place 1 basil leaf, about 1 teaspoon sundried tomatoes and 1 mozzarella ball.nFor the Cheddar, bacon and onion filling: In the center of each biscuit, place about 1 teaspoon bacon, about 1 teaspoon caramelized onions and 1 cube of Cheddar.nFor the nacho filling: In the center of each biscuit, place about 2 teaspoons taco meat, about 1 teaspoon jalapeno and 1 cube of cheese.nTo form and bake the cheese bombs: Lightly brush some egg wash around the edge of each biscuit. Fold the dough up to enclose the filling and form a half circle. Pinch the edges closed and then fold the ends of the half circle into the center and pinch together to form a ball. Gently roll between your hands to form a nice round ball. Transfer to one of the prepared baking sheets. Repeat with the remaining dough circles. Brush each cheese bomb with the egg wash. If making the mozzarella, tomato and basil version, sprinkle the bombs with the garlic powder.nBake until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving. Caution: filling maybe be hot., ingredients: [Three 4.5ounce cans refrigerated biscuits 6 biscuits per container, Allpurpose flour, for flouring the work surface, 1 large egg whisked with 2 tablespoons milk, 18 fresh basil leaves, 8 sundried tomatoes, finely chopped, 18 balls mozzarella 1inch balls, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 12 cup crumbled cooked bacon, 12 cup caramelized onions, 18 cubes Cheddar 1inch cubes, 1 cup cooked favorite taco meat, 12 cup diced pickled jalapenos, 18 cubes processed cheese food, such as Velveeta 1inch cubes], title: Cheese Bombs, picturelink: Ybw4bDKzrdf2YX2nbtPtsxASmjpGHK}, 43575: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, stir together the artichoke hearts, feta, mayonnaise, Parmesan, pimientos and garlic until thoroughly combined. Transfer the mixture to a small casserole or glass pie plate and bake, uncovered, for 20 to 25 minutes, or until lightly browned. To serve, place the dish on a larger platter and surround with pita chips., ingredients: [One 14ounce can artichoke hearts, drained and finely chopped, 5 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 34 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup grated Parmesan, One 2ounce jar pimientos, drained and diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Sea salt pita chips, for dipping], title: Warm Feta Dip with Artichokes, picturelink: OmKjHEW7bXXRniiCWXLnSts12gr1Mpi}, 43576: {instructions: Mix all ingredients thoroughly and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 avocado, diced, 1 red pepper, diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, diced, 12 red onion, diced, 2 ounces fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 14ounce olive oil, Pinch ground cumin, Kosher salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste], title: Avocado Salad, picturelink: null}, 43577: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a small pot over medium heat and the oven to 425 degrees F.nTo the pot, add oil and onion. Saute the onion for 1 minute.nIn a mixing bowl, combine sweet sausage and chopped sage.nNext, add balsamic vinegar to onion and reduce by half, 1 minute. Remove vinegar from heat and combine with apricot allfruit spread or preserves and spicy mustard. Stir until mustard is fully incorporated. Dip will be glossy and brown in color.nAdd 2 tablespoonfuls of apricot dip to bulk sausage and mix. Form meat into bite size nuggets, coat in bread crumbs then place on nonstick cookie sheet. Recipe will make 20 to 24 pieces. Bake 15 to 17 minutes, until evenly browned, turning occasionally. Drain, then serve with party picks for dipping with remaining balsamic apricot mustard dip., ingredients: [1 tablespoon evoo  extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 12 onion, chopped, 1 14 pounds bulk Italian sweet sausage meat, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, 4 or 5 sprigs, slivered, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, eyeball it, 1 cup apricot allfruit spread or, apricot preserves, 12 cup spicy brown mustard, 1 cup Italian bread crumbs, a couple of handfuls, Italian beer Moretti, Peroni, wines chianti classico, primitivo, nero davola, San Pelligrino water and sliced citrus fruit], title: Sage Sausage Bites with Balsamic Apricot Dip, picturelink: H.I2D6QEpgA0.dp3uSOJyS5Q557s5Pm}, 43578: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place rice in a shallow baking pan and toast, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes.nIn a large soup pot, heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and cook, stirring frequently, until golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic, salt, nutmeg, cayenne, vegetable broth, and rice and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender, about 12 minutes.nStir in spinach, Parmesan cheese, and lemon zest, simmer until spinach is wilted, about 3 minutes longer, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup longgrain white rice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 6 cups canned vegetable broth, or homemade, 2 cups chopped fresh spinach leaves, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest], title: Toasted Rice Soup with Spinach and Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 43579: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix the cabbage and scallions with the mayonnaise, sugar, and hot oil and seasoning. Let sit overnight, or at least 4 hours.nMix in the peanuts before serving. Serve with an array of smoked fish, raw vegetables, and pickles., ingredients: [1 head red cabbage, shredded, 1 bunch scallions, sliced on the bias into 1inch strips, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons hot chile sesame oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup peanuts], title: Spicy Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 43580: {instructions: Combine patty ingredients and form 2 patties. Heat canola oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Press patties in panko to coat on both sides. Gently place patties in pan and brown on both sides, keeping the inside of the patties medium rare.nTo make sauce, saute mushrooms in butter for 2 minutes. Add remaining sauce ingredients and cook for 1 minute. Pour sauce over patties and serve as pupu or appetizer., ingredients: [1 cup diced very fresh ahi tuna, cut into about 38 to 34inch cubes, 14 cup minced onion, 14 cup minced green onion, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh ogo seaweed, 2 tablespoons shoyu, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, Pinch each of salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup panko Japanese bread crumbs, 14 cup sliced mushrooms, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup coconut milk, 1 teaspoon shoyu, 1 teaspoon oyster sauce, 1 teaspoon chopped cilantro leaves], title: Poke Patties, picturelink: null}, 43581: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a charcoal or gas grill to high for direct grilling. Sprinkle the halibut with the ancho powder, salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown and charred on both sides, and just cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Remove to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes.nUsing two forks, flake the halibut into large bitesize pieces and put in a large bowl. Pour over the olive oil and lime juice, and toss just to combine. Add the cabbage and cilantro and toss again.nServe the fish with the tortillas and Vera Cruz Salsa and let guests fill and wrap their own tacos.nHeat a charcoal or gas grill to high for direct grilling. Toss the tomatoes and jalapenos with a few tablespoons of canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill both until charred on all sides and just soft. Remove from the grill and let cool slightly.nHalve the tomatoes, remove the seeds and cut into small dice. Dice the jalapenos, including the skin and seeds. Put the tomatoes and jalapenos in a medium bowl. Add the onions, olives, capers, olive oil, vinegar, cilantro, oregano, and lime juice and season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 12 pound piece halibut, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, Juice of 12 lime, 12 head Napa or white cabbage, shredded, 12 cup barely chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 to 12 white or yellow corn tortillas, warmed on the grill, Vera Cruz Salsa, for serving, recipe follows, 3 large plum tomatoes, cored and halved, 2 jalapenos, stems removed, Canola oil, for grilling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 1 cup manzanilla olives, pitted and halved, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 14 cup extravirgin Spanish olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, Juice of 12 lime], title: Grilled Fish Tacos with Vera Cruz Salsa, picturelink: 3ECNWlZTNwla9kUMLn.uavKzE4pYMzy}, 43582: {instructions: Special equipment: marinade injector syringenPreheat an outdoor grill to medium heat.nUsing the marinade injector syringe, inject Creole garlic into pork. Massage barbecue rub all over pork.nPour apple juice into a spray bottle.nGrill until rare in the middle, about 30 minutes, misting with apple juice every 10 minutes to keep moist. Slice lengthwise to create the full of the ship being careful not to slice completely through the loin. Pour barbecue sauce into the cavity and grill until pork is cooked through, about 30 minutes more. Slice into thin slices for sandwiches or thick slices to make it a meal.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl., ingredients: [1 2 to 3pound pork loin, 12 ounces Creole garlic marinade recommended: Cajun Injector Garlic Creole Butter, 12 cup Barbecue Rub, recipe follows, 12 ounces apple juice, 1 cup prepared barbecue sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic power, 12 teaspoon cumin powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Pirate Ship Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 43583: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine all ingredients in a large bowl. Put the meat mixture through a grinder and grind according to manufacturers instructions. Tie a knot in 1 end of a casing and begin filling the casings with the meat mixture, then tie off the other end of the casing once all the meat mixture has been used. Twist the casing into 6 sausage links.nBake for at least 15 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat a grill.nRemove sausage links from oven and place on grill. Grill until crispy and golden brown. Spice up your favorite pasta recipe by adding sausage slices or enjoy your sausage the oldfashioned way, on a bun topped with your favorite condiments., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken or duck, cubed, 1 ounce salt, 14 ounce white pepper, 14 ounce ground cumin, Pinch ground allspice, Pinch ground coriander, Pinch ground ginger, 14 pound roasted corn kernels, 14 ounce red bell pepper, chopped, 12 ounce jalapeno pepper, chopped, 1ounce tequila, 12ounce lime juice, Pinch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 1ounce roasted garlic, 1 tablespoon orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 1 yard pork or lamb casings], title: Tequila Sausage, picturelink: 65GrtwBM0hOIU9VPiFoG1jkT.MLBrH6}, 43584: {instructions: Heat the oil in sauce pot over medium to mediumhigh heat. Stir in the rice and toast for 1 minute. Add the lime zest and stock, bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for 18 minutes. Add the green onions and the juice of 1 lime. Fluff with fork, transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 14 cups light brown rice recommended: Texmati or white rice, 2 limes, zested, 1 lime, juiced, 2 cups chicken stock, 3 to 4 thin scallions, whites and greens, chopped], title: Lime and Green Onion Rice, picturelink: null}, 43585: {instructions: In a medium pot, put the 1 cup packed mint, sugar, water, salt, lemon juice, and whiskey. Bring to a boil, remove from the heat, and allow to infuse for 2 hours. Strain the mixture and freeze in ice cream maker according to manufacturers instructions.nScoop out into serving dishes and garnish with mint chiffonade., ingredients: [2 cups packed fresh mint leaves, plus 2 tablespoons, cut into chiffonade, for garnish, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, Pinch salt, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 14 cup bourbon whiskey], title: Mint Julep Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 43586: {instructions: Pour nectar and vodka into a champagne flute. Fill to top with Prosecco. Garnish with a peach slice., ingredients: [2 ounces peach nectar, chilled, 2 ounces peach vodka, chilled, 2 ounces Prosecco, chilled, Sliced peach, for garnish], title: Florence Fizzy, picturelink: Fzycqj7BdODFby4mzf5etNYt6yLKcm}, 43587: {instructions: In a large saucepan, soften the garlic and onions in the oil. Add the pork and veal and continue cooking for about 15 minutes, stirring to crumble the meat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the veal stock, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg and potatoes and cook, stirring frequently, until the potatoes begin to fall apart, about 45 minutes. Let cool. Adjust the seasoning. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours or until completely chilled.nWith the rack in the lowest position, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F 190 degrees C.nLine six 9inch 23cm pie plates with the pastry. Cover with the cooled meat mixture. Cover with a second crust. Brush with egg wash. Make an incision in the center. Press the edge to seal with a fork or your fingers. Bake until the crust is golden brown, 50 minutes to 1 hour.nIn a food processor, combine the flour and salt. Add the butter and pulse for a few seconds at a time until the butter is the size of peas. Add the water and pulse again until the dough just begins to form. Add water as needed. Remove the dough from the food processor and form 2 discs. Cover in plastic wrap and refrigerate the dough for at least 30 minutes.nRoll out the dough on a floured work surface or between 2 sheets of parchment paper in a 18inch 3 to 4mm thick sheet. Use the dough to make a 2crust pie or line two 9 to 10inch 23 to 25cm pie plates. Yield: 2 pie crusts., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 onions, chopped, 3 tablespoons45 ml canola oil, 3 pounds1.5 kg ground pork, 3 pounds1.5 kg ground veal, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup250 ml veal stock, 12 teaspoon2.5 ml ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon2.5 ml ground cloves, 12 teaspoon2.5 ml ground nutmeg, 4 potatoes, grated, 6 batches Shortcrust Pastry, recipe follows, or storebought, 2 eggs beaten with a little water, for egg wash, 2 14 cups560 ml allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 teaspoon1 ml salt, 34 cup180 ml cold unsalted butter, cubed, 6 tablespoons90 ml ice water approximately], title: Tourtiere aka Meat Pie, picturelink: null}, 43588: {instructions: Special equipment: sterilized syringe injectornFor the salsa: Combine all ingredients in medium mixing bowl and chill until ready to serve.nFor the tenderloin: Use a sharp knife to trim tenderloin of any fat by removing as much of the silver skin as possible.nCombine watermelon and jalapenos in a blender and puree, about 2 to 3 minutes. Strain mixture through fine sieve and return to blender. Add the salt, sugar and melon liqueur if using to blender and blend together, about 2 to 3 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of marinade for basting. Draw remaining marinade with syringe injector. Inject pork liberally with marinade. Sprinkle salt and pepper to cover pork. Let marinate while heating the grill.nRemove pork from platter and place directly on the flame for direct heat. Roll the pork over the direct heat to give it grill marks. Remove pork from direct heat and place away from the flame to finish cooking. Baste with glaze every 10 to 15 minutes until pork reaches an internal temperature of 145 degrees F. Remove from grill to platter and let cool for 5 minutes. Slice into medallions and serve with Watermelon Salsa., ingredients: [2 cups watermelon, seeded and finely diced, 1 finely diced Granny Smith apple, 1 red onion, julienned, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 jalapenos, seeded and finely diced, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, stemmed, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 limes, squeezed, Dash rice wine vinegar, Freshly ground sea salt and black pepper, 2 pounds pork tenderloin, 3 cups watermelon, seeded and diced, 3 jalapenos, seeded and diced, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 cups sugar, 14 cup melon liqueur, optional recommended: Midori, Freshly ground sea salt and black pepper], title: WatermelonInjected Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Watermelon Salsa, picturelink: null}, 43589: {instructions: In a food processor puree 6 green chilies, shrimp paste, lemon grass, galanga root, lime zest, cilantro leaves, shallots, garlic, salt, cinnamon and cilantro root. In a Dutch oven heat oil and saute paste over medium heat for 3 minutes. Add chicken thighs and turn to coat. Turn heat to high, add water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium, cover and simmer 1 hour. Remove chicken and reserve. Chill liquid until it congeals.nDegrease chilled liquid. Reheat gently. There should be 1 cup of liquid  add water if needed. Dissolve tamarind concentrate in 2 tablespoons of hot water and add. Add fish sauce. Bring to a boil and thicken with cornstarch mixed with a little water. Turn heat to very low and add coconut milk, the reserved chicken thighs, cut in half, and simmer 15 minutes. Add remaining green chilies and tomatoes. Simmer gently for 15 minutes more. If sauce is too thick, thin with a little coconut milk just before serving. Sprinkle wit, ingredients: [10 green chilies, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon shrimp paste, 2 tablespoons lemon grass, 2 pieces galanga root, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 12 cup cilantro leaves, 6 shallots, 6 garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 cilantro roots, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 chicken thighs, boned, 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon tamarind concentrate, 2 tablespoons Thai fermented fish sauce, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup coconut milk, 4 tomatoes, chopped, Fresh coriander], title: Green Chicken Curry with Coconut Milk, picturelink: null}, 43590: {instructions: Prepare the sauce: heat the olive oil in a nonstick frying pan. Add the garlic, onion, bell pepper and cook over medium heat until soft, not brown, about 4 minutes.nStir in the white beans and cook for 1 minute. Add the vegetable stock, half the parsley, the pepper flakes, and salt and pepper to taste. The sauce should be highly seasoned. Simmer until the beans are quite soft. Coarsely mash half the beans with a fork.nCook the spaghetti in a large pot in 4 quarts rapidly boiling salted water until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain well. Meanwhile, bring the sauce to a boil. Transfer the spaghetti and bean sauce to a large shallow bowl and mix well. Sprinkle the spaghetti with the remaining parsley and serve at once with freshly grated cheese on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 red onion, very finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 14inch dice, 1 cup cooked white beans, 1 cup chicken stock, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 teaspoon hot pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 to 10 ounces spaghetti, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano for serving], title: Spaghetti with White Bean Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43591: {instructions: Finely chop 8 oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 1 chipotle pepper in adobo, and the cilantro. Place in medium mixing bowl. Add 2 cups sour cream and the garlic. Transfer to a serving bowl and season with salt, to taste.nServe with a crudite platter and tortilla chips., ingredients: [8 oilpacked sundried tomatoes, finely chopped, 1 chipotle pepper in adobo, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 2 cups sour cream, 1 teaspoon garlic, minced, Salt, Crudite platter and tortilla chips, for serving], title: Smoky Sun Dried Tomato Dip, picturelink: null}, 43592: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nChop the vegetables or roast them whole. The larger the pieces, the longer it will take to roast. Toss the vegetables with olive oil, fresh herbs, and generously season with salt and pepper.nPlace on a prepared baking sheet, cast iron pan, or a roasting pan.nKeep in mind that the harder the vegetable and larger the size, the longer it will take to roast. Whole beets can take an hour or more, while asparagus will roast up in about 10 minutes.nTest for doneness by piercing the vegetable with a knife.nServe the roasted vegetables with toasted nuts, bread crumbs, or grated cheese on top.nRoasted Vegetable Variations:nSlowRoasted Tomatoes: Quarter 3 to 4 pounds ripe tomatoes brushed with olive oil, 2 teaspoons sugar, and generously seasoned with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Roast the tomatoes cut side up on a large baking sheet. Roast for 2 hours until the tomatoes are beginning to brown and maintain their shape when moved. Cool. Make into homemade tomato sauce by chopping the tomatoes and heating in a saucepan with chicken stock, fresh herbs, and just a bit of fresh cream.nRoasted Garlic: Peel the paper exterior off of garlic heads. Set the garlic heads on top of aluminum foil square. Brush the garlic head with olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and top with any desired fresh herbs. Fold the sides up crimping tightly. Place the packet on a baking sheet and roast at 400 degrees F for 30 minutes. Cooks Note: It is best to use the roasted garlic while still warm., ingredients: [3 to 4 pounds fresh vegetables, prepared, 14 cup olive oil, Fresh herbs, if desired, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Roasted Vegetable Variations, recipes follow], title: Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: QaMUHHM4sQMPxPUCCtyiUv8yFBDKglC}, 43593: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace 1 cake, wide side down, on serving platter. Spread a thin layer of frosting over top of cake. Cut 1 2inch wide wedge from second cake. Spread 14 cup of frosting over cut ends of second cake. Bring cut ends of second cake together, pressing to adhere. Place second cake atop cake on platter. Tear cake wedge into cubes. Fill hole in center of cakes with cake cubes. Spread remaining frosting evenly over top and sides of cake to coat completely. Tie ribbon around cake and form bow. Arrange flowers decoratively around base of cake to resemble hat rim., ingredients: [2 purchased angel food cakes, 2 16ounce containers vanilla frosting, 4 feet white wired ribbon about 2 inches wide, Assorted edible fresh flowers, stems trimmed], title: Mothers Day Bonnet Cake, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 43594: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nStir together the oats, walnuts, coconut and salt in a large bowl to combine. In a separate bowl, lightly beat the egg, then stir in the milk, brown sugar and olive oil. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry ones and stir to combine. Add the apple and bacon to the mixture and stir to evenly distribute.nPour the oat mixture into an 8by8inch baking dish. Cover loosely with foil and bake in the center of the oven for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake an additional 30 minutes. Serve hot, scooped into bowls, or let cool completely to room temperature and cut into squares for serving., ingredients: [1 cup steelcut oats, 12 cup chopped toasted walnuts, 14 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, toasted, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large egg, 2 cups milk, 12 cup firmlypacked brown sugar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup diced apple about 1 medium apple, 14 cup chopped cooked bacon preferably maplesmoked], title: Sweet and Savory Oatmeal Bake, picturelink: FnI7GVJAi6LTQoz64C71xf8AqW2HdC}, 43595: {instructions: Prepare noodles as instructed on package. Drain. In a medium bowl, combine ricotta, egg, parsley, 12 cup Parmesan and salt and pepper. Spread 34 cup meat sauce in bottom of 9 by 13 inch baking dish. Lay 3 noodles down in pan and spread with ricotta mixture. Sprinkle with Mozzarella and top with meat sauce. Repeat procedure for one more layer ending with last three noodles and then sauce. Top with remaining Mozzarella and 12 cup Parmesan. Bake for 45 minutes or until bubbly at 375 degrees F. Remove from oven and let lasagna stand for 15 minutesnHeat oil in a large heavy pot over medium high heat. Brown ground beef and sausage. Stir in onion and cook for 4 minutes. Stir in garlic, bay leaf, basil and oregano. Add wine, tomatoes and carrot. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to medium. Simmer uncovered until sauce has thickened about 45 minutes. Taste and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [10 lasagna noodles, 12 ounces ricotta, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 cup Parmesan, grated, 12 ounces Mozzarella, grated, 3 cups meat sauce, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound spicy sausage, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 bay leaf, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 cup red wine, 3 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 1 carrot, chopped, Salt, Pepper], title: Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 43596: {instructions: Cakes:nPut the potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return to the pot over low heat and let the potatoes dry for 3 minutes. Mash the potatoes with a potato masher.nIn a small pot, over low heat, combine the cream, butter, and salt and pepper, to taste. Heat until the butter is melted and the cream is hot. Slowly add the heated cream and butter to the potatoes and mix in with a wooden spoon or a hand mixer until all the cream is incorporated. Be careful not to overmix or the potatoes will become gummy.nSpread the potatoes out onto a sheet pan to cool. Once the potatoes have cooled to room temperature scoop out into 1 12 tablespoon portions. Roll each portion into a ball and then flatten into a patty about 1 12 inches in diameter. Arrange the patties in 1 layer on sheet trays and refrigerate for 1 hour until cold.nLine a sheet tray with 1 cup bread crumbs. Line another sheet tray with paper towels. Reserve both.nSet up a dredging station with 3 baking dishes. In 1 baking dish combine the flour, cayenne pepper, and season with salt and pepper. In the second baking dish beat together the eggs with the milk. In the third baking dish mix 2 cups bread crumbs with salt and pepper, to taste. Dredge each cake into the seasoned flour then into the egg mixture and then into the bread crumbs making sure they are completely coated. Arrange the bread cakes on the sheet tray with the bread crumbs on the bottom.nHeat about 12inch of oil in large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Fry the cakes until golden brown in batches, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer the cakes as they are fried to the baking sheet lined with a paper towel to drain. Blot the tops of the cakes with paper towels to remove the excess oil. Transfer the cakes to a serving platter.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over low heat, whisk in the flour and cook until flour turns a light brown color, about 3 to 4 minutes. Slowly whisk in the chicken broth. Add the hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, apple butter, thyme leaves, and season with salt and pepper. Let simmer until thick, about 5 minutes. Remove the sauce from pan to a serving bowl and serve on the side as a dipping sauce with the mashed potato cakes., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 1 cup light cream, 4 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 eggs, 12 cups milk, 3 cups fresh bread crumbs, divided, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 15ounce cans chicken broth, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons apple butter, 4 sprigs thyme, leaves removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Crispy Mashed Potato Cakes with Gravy Dip, picturelink: null}, 43597: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the pasta and cook according to package directions.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the tomato sauce. Chop the eggplant and set aside. When the pasta is cooked, drain it and add it to the skillet. Add the eggplant and toss together to completely coat the pasta with the sauce. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately garnished with some cheese and parsley., ingredients: [12 1pound package rigatoni, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups reserved tomato sauce from Crispy Eggplant Parmesan recipe, 4 slices reserved eggplant from Crispy Eggplant Parmesan recipe, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Crispy Eggplant and Pasta, picturelink: xpyMj6mc4PQht7ulS6uujOrJgSfSv.}, 43598: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPut the flour, baking powder, and salt in a food processor and pulse briefly to mix. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture is crumbly. Add green onion and Parmesan and pulse just enough to blend. Add the milk and pulse until combined. Drop the dough in rounded tablespoons onto a greased baking sheet, and bake until golden, about 13 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed and chilled, 3 green onions, chopped, 1 tablespoon finely grated Parmesan, 12 cup milk], title: Drop Biscuits with Green Onions, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 43599: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the raspberry liqueur, stout and raspberry beer in a pitcher. Stir gently to blend. Divide among 6 chilled beer glasses and serve., ingredients: [14 cup raspberry liqueur, such as Chambord, Two 16ounce bottles chocolate stout, such as Boatswain or Youngs, chilled, One 24ounce bottle Belgian raspberry beer, such as Framboise Lambic, chilled], title: Chocolate and Raspberry Beer, picturelink: fKp878DWEeqcoGUmkZ3OeoSy.Z2bA.}, 43600: {instructions: Special equipment: pasta roller, scalloped pasta cutternFor the Corn Tortelli:nBegin by rolling out the pasta dough. Sprinkle a baking sheet with cornmeal and set aside. Cut a piece of the dough off the ball and shape into a rectangle about the size of a deck of cards. Cover the remaining dough with plastic wrap until you are ready to use it. Roll the rectangle of dough through the widest setting of the pasta machine a few times until it is smooth. Then roll it through the remaining settings to the thinnest setting. Sprinkle the sheet lightly with cornmeal, gently fold, place on the cornmeallined baking sheet and cover with plastic wrap. Continue rolling out the rest of the pasta.nNext, in a medium bowl mix together the drained creamed corn, mascarpone cheese, goat cheese, tarragon, and pepper. Stir to combine and set aside. In a small bowl, beat the egg with 1 tablespoon of water and set aside.nTo form the tortelli, place a sheet of pasta on a dry work surface. Using a pastry brush dipped in the egg wash, brush the entire sheet of fresh pasta. Place rounded teaspoons about 1 ounce of the corn filling on the pasta sheet, about 2 inches apart. Carefully place another sheet of pasta over the mounds, smoothing out any air pockets and firmly sealing the pasta around the filling. Using a scalloped pasta cutter or a sharp knife cut the pasta into small squares. Transfer the Tortelli to the cornmeallined baking sheet. Continue forming the remaining tortelli.nTo make the Tarragon Butter: In a medium bowl, gently mix together all the ingredients.nTo serve, place the Tarragon Butter in a large serving bowl. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until they float, about 2 minutes. Drain pasta, using a large mesh strainer or slotted spoon, into the bowl with the Tarragon Butter. Toss to coat. Sprinkle with Parmesan and serve immediately.nPlace the flour in a food processor. In a small bowl, lightly beat the eggs. Add the salt and olive oil to the eggs and stir to combine. Add the egg mixture to the food processor. Pulse to combine the ingredients, scraping down the sides once or twice. Continue, with the machine running, until the liquid is evenly distributed, about 1 minute. The dough should stick together if pinched between your fingers. The dough will be cornmealyellow in color. Some of the dough will be sticking together, but it will not form a single ball.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Press the dough into a ball and knead gently until the dough is smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest for 30 minutes.nRoll out the dough to your desired shape., ingredients: [1 recipe fresh pasta, recipe follows, 14 cup cornmeal, for storing pasta, 2 14.75ounce cans creamed corn, drained well about 1 12 cups total, 12 cup mascarpone cheese 4 ounces, 14 cup goat cheese 2 ounces, 12 teaspoon minced fresh tarragon leaves, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, for egg wash, 12 cup butter 1 stick, room temperature, 13 cup corn canned or fresh, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup grated Parmesan, for garnish, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Corn Tortelli with Tarragon Butter, picturelink: 0uS20vNcYSxfphxgMDE0wPCEuT1.fNa}, 43601: {instructions: Because you will need to cook the gnocchi quickly once the batter is ready, do the following before you begin the preparation. Bring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Have a large bowl of iced water nearby.nCombine milk, butter, and 12 teaspoon salt in a mediumheavy saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat. Add flour and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until mixture is nearly solid, about 2 minutes. The batter should be the consistency of mashed potatoes and should clear the sides of the pan to form a ball. Remove from heat.nTransfer to a large bowl and add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. An electric mixer is fine for this. The batter should be very thick, shiny, and smooth. Fill a pastry bag, fitted with a large plain tip 8, with batter.nHolding pastry bag over simmering water, gently squeeze out dough, slicing into 1inch lengths with a paring knife.nWorking in 4 batches of about 20 pieces, cook gnocchi at a slow simmer, stirring occasionally, until they start to puff, about 5 minutes. They should resemble floating corks. To test for doneness, remove a dumpling and cut in half. The center should have tiny bubbles. With a slotted spoon, transfer gnocchi to the bowl if iced water to cool. Drain well in a colander. At this stage, you can store gnocchi in refrigerator up to 2 days.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nBring Tomato Coulis and cream to a boil in a large ovenproof skillet or casserole. Add Parmesan, salt, pepper, and gnocchi. Return to a boil, sprinkle with cheese and transfer to oven. Bake until sauce is thick and bubbly and a slight crust forms on top, about 7 minutes. Garnish with chopped chives and serve immediately.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet over low heat. Cook onion, mushrooms, shallot, leek, and salt until soft, about 7 minutes. Add brandy and 14 cup Madeira. Turn heat to high and light alcohol with a match. Cook over high heat until liquid is reduced by half.nAdd chicken stock, tomatoes, thyme, and bay leaf. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for 20 minutes. Puree in a food processor or blender and strain.nReturn to pan and place over medium heat. Whisk in remaining tablespoon butter, broken in small pieces, and remaining tablespoon Madeira. Season with salt and pepper to taste and serve., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 cup flour, 4 eggs, 1 12 cups Tomato Coulis recipe follows, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup 2 ounces freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Chopped chives for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 small onion, thinly sliced, 3 mushrooms, thinly sliced, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 small leek, white part, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon brandy, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon Madeira, 1 cup chicken stock or canned broth, 3 ripe tomatoes, chopped with skins, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Gnocchi Parmesan with Tomato Coulis, picturelink: null}, 43602: {instructions: Preheat over to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook the onions, garlic, jalapenos, cumin, oregano, and some salt, until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and simmer until mixture thickens, about 10 minutes.nChar the tortillas slightly over the flame of a gas burner or in a dry skillet, if using an electric stovetop.nLayer some tomato sauce mixture in the bottom of a casserole dish then top with a few tortillas and 13 of the cheese. Repeat this ending with cheese on top. Take the remaining tortilla, roughly chop it up and scatter over the cheese. Bake until browned and sauce is bubbling around the edges.nHeat about 14inch of vegetable oil in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Fry 4 eggs in the oil, spooning the oil over the tops of the eggs to cook them without flipping.nScoop out the enchiladas and serve with a fried egg on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for eggs, 1 medium onion, sliced, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 to 2 small jalapenos, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground dried oregano, Salt, 1 28ounce can chopped tomatoes, 9 corn tortillas, 2 cups Monterey Jack about 8 ounces, 4 to 6 large eggs], title: Santa Fe Enchiladas, picturelink: hMKFSDxvn4TVYBZ51IOSOujYi1d2FTG}, 43603: {instructions: In a large saute pot, cook the bacon until crisp over medium heat. While the bacon is cooking, season the beef cubes with Smokey Rotisserie seasoning and coat with flour. Remove the cooked bacon to a utility platter and add the floured beef cubes to the pot. Allow the beef cubes to sear undisturbed for about 2 minutes before turning, to allow the flavors to integrate into the surface of the meat. Brown the beef cubes this way on all sides, then remove the cubes to the platter with the bacon. Pour most of the fat out of the pan, leaving only about 1 tablespoon. Add the onion to the pan and cook it begins to turn translucent. Deglaze with the wine and allow it to reduce by half. Bring the heat down to low and return the bacon and beef to the pot. Add beef stock, and carrots, and stir in demiglace, tomato paste, garlic, bay leaf and tarragon. Cover and braise for about 3 hours, adding mushrooms and pearl onions in last 30 minutes.nServed with boiled new potatoes., ingredients: [4 strips bacon cut into 1inch pieces, 2 pounds tritip beef, cut into 2inch cubes, 2 tablespoons Irvine Spices Smokey Rotisserie Seasoning, Flour, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 cup Marsala wine, 2 cups beef stock, 2 carrots, chopped, 12 cup demiglace, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 clove minced garlic, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup chopped fresh tarragon, packed, 2 cups about 6 ounces white mushrooms, cleaned and trimmed, 1 cup pearl onions, blanched in boiling water for 2 minutes and skins slipped off, 2 pounds boiled new potatoes seasoned with salt, pepper, minced parsley, and butter], title: Boeuf Bourguignonne Gusteau, picturelink: CCy.JLQtQ2EMlgKZgH3nYOIJwzWEm}, 43604: {instructions: Peel and pit the avocados. Add the avocados, lemon juice, milk, and sugar to a blender and puree. Transfer the mixture to a medium mixing bowl, add the heavy cream and whisk to combine. Place the mixture into the refrigerator and chill until it reaches 40 degrees F or below, approximately 4 to 6 hours.nProcess the mixture in an ice cream maker according to manufacturers directions. However, this mixture sets up very fast, so count on it taking only 5 to 10 minutes to process. For soft ice cream, serve immediately. If desired, place in freezer for 3 to 4 hours for firmer texture., ingredients: [12 ounces avocado meat, approximately 3 small to medium, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 12 cups whole milk, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Avocado Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 43605: {instructions: Barely melt the chocolate in a double boiler over gentle heat. Remove from the heat source and pour into a large mixing bowl then cool for five minutes. Add the butter, cream, vanilla, coffeeflavored liqueur, and mix on medium speed until the mixture thickens. Finally add the confectioners sugar in small batches until the mixture holds a medium peak. If the kitchen temperature is warm, and the icing is not of spreading consistency place the bowl in the refrigerator for a few minutes, then recommence mixing. Slather the icing over the cake with an offset palette knife., ingredients: [1 cup good quality dark chocolate recommended: Guittard, 12 cup 1 stick room temperature salted butter, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla recommended: Nielsen Massey, 1 tablespoon coffeeflavored liqueur recommended: Kahlua, 1 pound sifted confectioners sugar], title: Whipped Chocolate Buttercream, picturelink: null}, 43606: {instructions: Combine the juice with the mustard and rosemary. Follow the instructions for making a pan sauce in individual saute or sear recipe., ingredients: [12 cup orange juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon butter], title: OrangeDijon Pan Sauce with Rosemary, picturelink: null}, 43607: {instructions: Put 3 inches of water in a 3 12quart saucepan and bring it to a boil over high heat. Insert the narrow end of a chopstick into the bottom blossom end of each apple. Dip the apples, 1 at a time, into the boiling water for 20 seconds to remove the wax coating. Wipe dry with a paper towel. Transfer apples to a half sheet pan lined with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat and set aside.nCombine the sugar, corn syrup and water in a 2quart saucepan and set over medium heat. Cover and bring it to a boil, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove the lid and clip on a candy thermometer. Continue cooking the syrup until it reaches 300 degrees F, approximately 15 minutes. When the syrup reaches temperature, take the pot off the heat and remove the thermometer. Add the cayenne, cinnamon oil and food coloring, stirring thoroughly to combine. Cool until the bubbles calm and begin to subside, about 3 minutes.nDip each apple in the warm syrup, turning slowly to coat. Continue to turn, allowing the excess to drip back into the pot. Cool the apples completely on the prepared half sheet pan. Wrap individually in waxed paper and plastic wrap or store for 2 to 3 days in an airtight container.nSpecial Equipment: 6 chopsticks., ingredients: [6 small apples, at room temperature, Pink Lady, Gala, or McIntosh, 14 ounces granulated sugar, approximately 2 cups, 15 ounces light corn syrup, approximately 1 13 cups, 23 cup water, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon cinnamon oil, 15 to 20 drops red liquid food coloring], title: Atomic Apples, picturelink: null}, 43608: {instructions: Blend all ingredients in food processor except mayonnaise and salt and pepper. Process until cilantro is fine. Add mayonnaise and process just until blended. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [4 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 garlic clove, peeled, 12 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cilantro Lime Mayo, picturelink: 44dw8yiRJsQGKl8csOJlzLDkXodIlNK}, 43609: {instructions: Whisk the egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on high speed for about 5 minutes, or until very thick and light yellow. Lower the speed to medium and add 14 cup rum, 14 cup espresso, and the mascarpone. Whisk until smooth.nCombine the remaining 14 cup rum and 1 14 cups espresso in a shallow bowl. Dip 1 side of each ladyfinger in the espressorum mixture and line the bottom of a 9 by 12 by 2inch dish. Pour half the espresso cream mixture evenly on top. Dip 1 side of the remaining ladyfingers in the espressorum mixture and place them in a second layer in the dish. Pour the rest of the espresso cream over the top. Smooth the top and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight.nBefore serving, sprinkle the top with shaved chocolate and dust lightly with confectioners sugar, if desired.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell.nNotes: To make espresso for this recipe in your electric drip coffee maker, use enough water for 4 cups of coffee plus 13 cup of ground espresso.nYou can find savoiardi and mascarpone in an Italian specialty store., ingredients: [6 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup good dark rum, divided, 1 12 cups brewed espresso, divided, 16 to 17 ounces mascarpone cheese, 30 Italian ladyfingers, or savoiardi, Bittersweet chocolate, shaved or grated, Confectioners sugar optional], title: Tiramisu, picturelink: null}, 43610: {instructions: In a large salad bowl, break lettuce hearts into bitesized pieces. Add pepper, cucumber, tomato and olives. Mix together olive oil, lemon juice, oregano and black pepper. Pour dressing over salad. Toss until well coated. Crumble feta over salad. Serve., ingredients: [2 hearts of romaine lettuce, washed and spun dry, 1 red pepper, roasted, seeded, peeled, sliced into thin strips, 1 cucumber, peeled, cut into chunks, 1 large, redripe tomato, cut into chunks, 12 cup black Kalamata olives, pitted, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil use a fruity green one, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 4ounce block feta cheese], title: Tonja Lee Williams Greek Salad, picturelink: null}, 43611: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nHeat about 14 cup EVOO in a small skillet with the butter. When the butter foams, add the garlic and stir 1 minute. Add the breadcrumbs and stir to soak in the oil and butter. Toast until light golden, then remove from the heat and cool. Mix the cooled breadcrumbs with the cheese and parsley.nTrim the tops off 6 peppers and reserve, then scoop out the seeds. Using a small, sharp paring knife, cut out a jackolantern face in each pepper. Set the peppers upright, and if a pepper is very unstable, trim the bottom to make the pepper stable. Season the peppers on the inside with salt and pepper, invert the peppers and place on a baking sheet, tops alongside. Seed and chop the remaining bell pepper and reserve.nSalt the eggplant and drain 15 minutes in a strainer or on a towel.nSpray the peppers with a little cooking spray and roast to char the peppers at the edges and tendercrisp doneness, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool to handle.nHeat the remaining EVOO in a large, deep skillet. Add the reserved peppers, thyme, chile, eggplant, onions and zucchini, and some salt and pepper. Cook the vegetables, partially covered and stirring occasionally, until tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the tomatoes, stir another minute, and remove from the heat.nCombine the breadcrumbs with the vegetables and taste to check seasoning. Pour the tomato sauce into a casserole dish. Stuff the peppers, overstuffing the cavity a bit, and set the tops in place to complete the JackoPeppers. Place the peppers into the dish as you fill them. Cool and store for a makeahead meal.nTo serve, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and roast until the peppers are hot through, 30 to 35 minutes., ingredients: [About 12 cup EVOO, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup homemade breadcrumbs or panko, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, finely chopped, 7 medium red and orange bell peppers pick squareishrectangular shaped ones for better plate presentation, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 firm, medium eggplant, peel half the skin, cut into 12inch dice, Olive oil spray, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, 1 small fresh red chile, finely chopped or 12 teaspoon dried flakes, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 medium zucchini, 12inch dice, 3 ripe plum or small vine tomatoes, chopped, 2 cups tomato sauce or passata], title: Ratatouille Stuffed JackoPeppers, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 43612: {instructions: For the mousse: Chill a bowl and the beater of an electric mixer in the freezer for 1 hour.nMeanwhile, in a double broiler, melt the semisweet and bitter chocolate over simmering water until hot. Stir in the cinnamon. Remove the double boiler insert, holding the melted chocolate, from the saucepan. Let cool 5 to 10 minutes.nIn the frozen mixing bowl, whip the cream to firm peaks. Do not overbeat.nWith a rubber spatula, fold 14 of the whipped cream into the chocolate. Gently fold the remaining whipped cream into the chocolate, 14 at a time. Mix just enough to get the chocolate incorporated into the whipped cream. Set aside in the refrigerator.nFor the cream puffs: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. In a medium size heavy saucepan, combine the milk, butter and salt. Bring to a boil. Add the flour all at once. Mix quickly with a wooden spoon until a ball forms on the spoon and the flour is evenly moistened. Transfer to a bowl and add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Place the cream puff dough in a pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip. Pipe out 6 round puffs on a parchment lined baking sheet. With a finger dipped in cold water, flatten the point on top of each puff. Drop the pan on the counter to set the puffs. Bake the puffs until puffed and golden, about 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to 375 degrees and bake 20 to 25 minutes longer, or until puffed, golden, and done. Set aside to cool on a rack.nFor the assembly: Fill a pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip with the Chocolate Mousse. Split the puffs in half lengthwise and fill them with the mousse. Using the tips of your fingers, drizzle melted chocolate about 3 ounces melted over hot water across the tops of the filled cream puffs., ingredients: [2 ounces bitter chocolate, broken into small chunks, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into small chunks, 3 cups whipping cream, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon flour, 12 cup milk, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 eggs, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Stuffed Chocolate Puffs, picturelink: null}, 43613: {instructions: In the bowl of a stand mixer, dissolve the sugar in 1 cup warm water 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F. Sprinkle the yeast on top and let stand 10 minutes, or until foamy. Add the olive oil and salt, then use the dough hook to mix in the flour until the dough starts to come together. Allow the machine to knead the dough until smooth. If you dont have a stand mixer, you can pulse the dough in a food processor until it is smooth and elastic. Or combine by hand in a large bowl.nTurn out the dough onto a floured board and knead 2 to 3 minutes. Place the dough in an oiled bowl and turn to coat the surface. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let stand in a warm place until the dough has doubled in size, about 1 hour.nTurn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface and divide it in half for 2 large pizzas, or into 4 pieces for small individual pizzas. Form into smooth, tight balls, cover loosely with plastic wrap or a wellfloured kitchen towel and set in a warm place to rise again, 30 to 45 minutes. If youre not using the dough right away, wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate up to 2 days or freeze up to 1 month.nSet a pizza stone in the oven and sprinkle a pizza peel lightly with flour. If you dont have a stone, you can bake your pizza on a pizza pan or baking sheet sprinkled with flour. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPress the dough with your fingers until its as flat as possible, then drape it over both of your fists and gently pull the edges outward while rotating the crust. When the circle has reached the desired size and thickness, place it on the pizza peel or on the prepared pan. Top the pizza as desired and slide it from the peel onto the hot stone or transfer the pan to the oven.nBake 8 to 12 minutes, depending on the thickness, or until the crust is crisp and golden.nGuys Favorite Topping CombosnThe French Pig pictured abovenCooked pancetta, sauteed leeks and apple, brie, balsamic vinegarnThe Motley QuenPulled chicken, barbecue sauce, red onions, cilantro, fontinanSpicy HawaiiannCanadian bacon, pineapple, red jalapeno, marinara sauce, mozzarellanAu NaturelnParmigianoreggiano, fresh rosemary, olive oil, cracked black pepper, sea saltnPhotograph by Dave Lauridsen, ingredients: [1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowl, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting], title: PrimeTime Pizza Dough, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 43614: {instructions: Special equipment: Waffle ironnFor the berry syrup: Combine 12 cup blackberries, 12 cup blueberries and the syrup in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the berries begin to pop and the syrup reduces slightly, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining berries. Cover and keep warm.nFor the waffle batter: Preheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh if there are settings but its ok if there arent any. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F to keep cooked waffles warm. Whisk together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, salt and corn kernels in a large bowl. Whisk together the buttermilk, vanilla, eggs and butter in another bowl. Fold the buttermilk mixture into the flour mixture until just combined its ok if there are lumps.nLightly brush the top and bottom of the waffle iron with butter, then fill each section about threequarters of the way full there should still be some waffle iron showing. Close and cook until the waffles are golden brown and slightly crisp, 6 to 10 minutes. Keep waffles warm in the oven or covered with foil on a plate while you repeat with the remaining batter.nDrizzle each waffle with berry syrup., ingredients: [1 cup blackberries, 1 cup blueberries, 1 cup pure maple syrup, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 ear corn, kernels removed, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted, plus more for brushing waffle iron], title: Buttermilk Corn Waffle with Berry Syrup, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 43615: {instructions: Combine 1 cup each chopped strawberries and mini marshmallows, 13 cup coconut and 12 cup each plain Greek yogurt and whipped cream in a large bowl with a rubber spatula.nUsing kitchen shears, cut 2 pieces green licorice on the diagonal into small pieces. Fold into the strawberry mixture cover and refrigerate.nPreheat the broiler. Using a serrated knife, shave the edge off both long sides of the pound cake. Make 2 lengthwise cuts, about an inch deep, in the top of the cake, 1 inch in from each edge.nCarefully pry out the middle strip. Place the rest of the cake on a baking sheet and broil, turning, until toasted on all sides. Fill the opening in the cake with the strawberry mixture, mounding it on top serve with gummy lemon slices.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [1 cup coarsely chopped strawberries, 1 cup mini marshmallows, 13 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 12 cup plain Greek yogurt, 12 cup whipped cream, 2 pieces green apple licorice, 1 10.75ounce frozen pound cake, thawed, 2 gummy lemon slices], title: Lobster Roll Cake, picturelink: rkgLy1WBMWhnpRdXdmbyASq19sLqsZW}, 43616: {instructions: Bring the almond milk, sugar and vanilla beans and pod to a simmer over low heat for 5 minutes. Remove the pod and keep the milk warm while you prepare the risotto.nHeat the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the rice and stir with a wooden spoon to coat evenly with the butter. Lower the heat to medium low and begin adding the milk 1 cup at a time, stirring often and allowing each addition of milk to be absorbed before adding the next. Be sure to run the spoon along the bottom of the pan to ensure the risotto doesnt stick or burn. Cook until the rice is tender but still firm, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the white chocolate and salt.nServe warm, garnished with the blackberries and a sprinkling of grated dark chocolate., ingredients: [5 cups unsweetened almond milk, 12 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and beans scraped, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups Arborio rice, 4 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup blackberries, 4 ounces unsweetened dark chocolate, grated, for garnish], title: White Chocolate Risotto, picturelink: null}, 43617: {instructions: Special equipment: an electric mixer with a paddle and dough hook attachmentnFor the dough: In a small bowl, combine the yeast, hot water and 1 teaspoon of the sugar, whisking to mix. Set aside for 10 minutes, allowing the yeast to dissolve and fully activate. It should bubble around the edges and almost double in size. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together the milk, oil, orange zest and juice and remaining 14 cup sugar and set aside.nUsing an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour and salt. Add the yeast mixture and orange juice mixture and beat until the dough forms a ball, 2 to 3 minutes. Switch out the paddle for the dough hook and knead the dough until fairly smooth, 4 to 5 minutes. If the dough is too sticky, add more flour 1 tablespoon at a time.nLightly coat a large bowl with vegetable oil and add the dough. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and allow the dough to rise until it doubles in size, about 1 hour at room temperature.nSpray a 9by13inch baking dish with cooking spray.nFor the filling: On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a large rectangle about 14 inch thick and slightly bigger than the baking dish. Spread the butter over the dough, leaving a 14inch border on all sides. Sprinkle the dough with the brown sugar, then the cinnamon. Starting with one longer edge, roll the dough into a cylinder and pinch the ends together to seal completely. Cut into 12 rolls and place in the prepared baking dish. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and allow the rolls to rise until they double in size, about 30 minutes at room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the plastic wrap from the rolls and bake, uncovered, until light brown, 25 to 30 minutes.nFor the glaze: Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together the confectioners sugar and orange juice until smooth. While the rolls are still warm, drizzle them with the glaze and serve., ingredients: [1 package active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 14 cup hot water, 14 cup plus 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 12 cup whole milk, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest plus 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more if needed and for flouring, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Vegetable oil, for the bowl, Nonstick cooking spray, for the baking dish, 3 tablespoons salted butter, softened, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice], title: CinnamonOrange Rolls, picturelink: XBfLyoRQ2sf7xujrdT4NDARsn7I7Ru}, 43618: {instructions: In a blender, blend basil with olive oil. Strain through a coffee filter or cheese cloth. Season with salt and pepper. Rub inside bread with roasted garlic. Layer bread with mozzarella and tomato. Drizzle with basil oil. Heat large cast iron pan over medium high heat until very hot. Butter outside of sandwiches on both sides. Place 3 sandwiches at a time in pan and cover with another cast iron pan. Cook until brown. Turn over and brown other side. Repeat with remaining sandwiches., ingredients: [2 cups packed fresh basil, blanched, 1 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 loaf fresh Italian hardcrusted bread, sliced in half and into 6 sections, 1 clove roasted garlic, 12 ounces water buffalo mozzarella, sliced into 6 pieces, 1 large tomato, sliced into 6 pieces], title: Water Buffalo Mozzarella Sandwich: Croque Monsieur Panini, picturelink: null}, 43619: {instructions: Sprinkle both sides of the steak with the salt, cayenne, and black pepper. Rub seasoning into meat. In a large skillet, heat oil over high heat until hot. Add steak and cook on high until browned, turning steak every 3 to 4 minutes. Lower heat if necessary. The steak should be well browned on both sides. Remove steak and add onions and bell peppers to pan. Cook until wilted. Place steak on top of onions and bell peppers and add 14 cup of water. Lower heat to medium, cover and simmer for 1 12 hours, turning steak every 20 minutes. Note: when lifting lid of pot, let the water from the lid drain into the pot. When steak is tender, remove steak and place on a platter. Mix cornstarch with 14 cup of water and add to the pot. Stir to make a gravy. Serve gravy over hot rice with steak., ingredients: [3 pounds thick sirloin or round steak, Salt, Cayenne pepper, Black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 bell pepper, chopped, 12 cup water, divided, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Serving suggestion: Steamed rice], title: Grannys Steak and Gravy, picturelink: null}, 43620: {instructions: Remove all fat from the chicken breast halves and pound them slightly. In a mixing bowl combine the lime zest and juice and season with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes. Coat the chicken with this mixture, and transfer it to a zippered plastic bags. Press out all the air and refrigerate until ready to grill. Make the salsa. Over a mixing bowl, grate 1 teaspoon of the orange zest. Peel away the skin and white pith from the oranges. Over the bowl with the zest, cut between the membranes of the oranges to release their sections, and combine them with the zest. Squeeze remaining juice from the membranes over the orange sections and stir in the pepper, chives, olive oil, and lime juice. Season with salt to taste and a pinch of dried red pepper flakes, if you wish. When ready to eat, lightly oil a grill or broiler pan. Remove the chicken and arrange on the rack and grill or broil for about 3 to 4 minutes a side. Remove to a plate grill the eggplant next and serve at room temperature with the salsa., ingredients: [4 about 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, 1 teaspoon grated lime or lemon zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lime or lemon juice, Salt and dried red pepper flakes, 4 navel oranges, scrubbed clean, 12 cup fine dice of seeded red bell pepper, 14 cup snipped chives, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons lime juice], title: Marinated Chicken with Salsa, picturelink: null}, 43621: {instructions: Bring the vinegar and water to a boil, n a large saucepot over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots, garlic, onion, bay leaf, peppercorns, and salt. Reduce the heat to medium and cook for 5 minutes. Add jalapenos and grapes, then reduce the heat to low and simmer for another 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, cover and refrigerate overnight in the pickling liquid.nTo cook tortilla, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and heat the oil in a large cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown. Whisk together eggs and milk in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the egg mixture over browned potatoes and onions. Reduce the heat to medium and cook until tortilla is set around edges, about 3 minutes. Put the skillet in the oven and bake until the tortilla is cooked through and firm to the touch, about 5 minutes. Slice and serve with the pickled grapes and carrots., ingredients: [1 cup white vinegar, 12 cup water, 2 large carrots, peeled and sliced into 14inch thick pieces, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, 12 white onion, sliced, 1 bay leaf, 8 peppercorns, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup pickled jalapenos, 2 cups seedless green and red grapes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 onions, diced, 7 eggs, 14 cup milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato and Onion Tortilla with Spicy Pickled Carrots and Grapes, picturelink: null}, 43622: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason the chicken with salt and pepper, to taste, and lightly dredge in flour. In a large saute pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat and add the chicken. Brown on both sides, until nicely golden, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and set aside on a plate. In the same pan, add more oil, if needed, along with the onion, mushrooms and peppers and saute until softened and fragrant, but not limp, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the tomato paste and cook a few minutes to cook out the raw flavor. Turn up the heat, and add the winewine to deglaze the pan and let it reduce for 2 or 3 minutes. Add the beef broth and tomatoes. Once the mixture begins to bubble, add the browned paillards and any juices from the chicken and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook until the chicken is warmed through, about 3 minutes. Turn the heat off and stir in the butter. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 large chicken cutlets, sliced into thin paillards slice while partially frozen, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium sweet onion, sliced, 12 pound mushrooms, sliced, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and julienned, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup beef broth, One 14ounce can chopped tomatoes, 12 tablespoon butter], title: 4Step Chicken Marengo, picturelink: oOcEFbI5PRywbWQDbN7SgmsADSLLhi}, 43623: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a cocktail shaker, add the amaretto, limoncello, lemonade, and grenadine. Shake, and then pour into a rocks glass filled with crushed ice.nCooks Note: The idea is to have it look like a snow cone, with lots of ice sticking out of the glass just put some pressure on the ice and pour the drink on top of the ice.nGarnish with a lemon twist., ingredients: [1ounce amaretto, 1ounce limoncello, 3 ounces pink lemonade, Dash grenadine, Crushed ice, for serving, Lemon twist, for garnish], title: Cotton Candy Cocktail, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 43624: {instructions: Beat together eggs, juice, milk, sugar, vanilla, and nutmeg. Arrange bread in a single layer, top with egg mixture. Refrigerate 2 hrs. Melt butter in 10 x 15 x 2 pan, and arrange bread on top. Bake at 350 degrees F for 20 minutes. Sprinkle with pecans, and bake 10 minutes more. Syrup: Combine and cook over low heat. Do not boil. Cook for 10 minutes, and serve warm., ingredients: [4 eggs, 23 cup Floridas Naturalu00ae Premium Brand Orange Juice, 13 cup milk, 14 cup sugar, 12 tsp. vanilla, 14 tsp. ground nutmeg, 812 thick bread slices, 14 cup butter or margarine, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup butter,, 1 cup Floridas Naturalu00ae Premium Brand orange juice.], title: Baked Orange Pecan French Toast, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 43625: {instructions: Season the steak with salt and pepper. In a medium bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, chile pepper, sugar and lime juice until the sugar is dissolved. Add the beef, toss to coat and set aside.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat the oil until shimmering, about 1 minute. Add the beef and cook, stirring, until cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes.nRemove the beef from the skillet and set aside. Allow the liquid in the pan to reduce until thickened, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and scallions and cook 1 minute more. Add the mushrooms and cook for 2 to 3 minutes more. Add the snow peas, baby corn and bell pepper and continue cooking until all the vegetables are crisptender, about 2 minutes. Return the beef to the skillet and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 12 pounds skirt steak, cut into 4inchlong pieces, then cut against the grain into 14inchthick slices, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 serrano chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice 1 to 2 limes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 6 ounces fresh mushrooms, sliced, 14 pound snow peas or green beans, 1 12ounce can baby corn, drained, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced optional], title: Beef StirFry, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 43626: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degreesnMelt butter in a skillet, add onions and cook over medium heat until they caramelize and have reached a golden tone. Beat the eggs and slowly add the cream, sugar, salt, baking powder and flour. Mix well.nStir in the onion butter mixture. Pour into a buttered 9 by 13inch pyrex dish. Bake for 45 minutes, ingredients: [8 tablespoons butter, 6 cups onions, sliced in thin 12inch circles, 6 eggs, 2 cups heavy cream, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 3 tablespoons flour], title: Caramelized Onion Pudding, picturelink: null}, 43627: {instructions: Melt chocolate in warm milk. Stir until it boils and the chocolate coats the spoon. Remove from heat. Stir into the egg yolks and add the Bourbon. Pour into the pots de creme cups.nUse the leftover egg whites to make small meringues to serve with the pots de creme and a slivered orange rind for the garnish., ingredients: [1 pound swiss chocolate, 2 cups warm milk, 6 egg yolks, beaten, 1 tablespoon Bourbon whiskey], title: Pots de Creme, picturelink: null}, 43628: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into glasses., ingredients: [1 12 cups seeded and chopped watermelon, 1 12 cups seeded and chopped honeydew melon, Juice of 2 limes, 1 cup vanilla lowfat yogurt, 1 cup ice cubes], title: Melon Smoothies, picturelink: null}, 43629: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the popcorn to a large bowl. Combine the butter and chives together. Drizzle the popcorn with the melted herb butter and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [10 cups airpopped popcorn or plain storebought popcorn, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 14 cup sliced fresh chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Herbed Butter Popcorn, picturelink: q7AJrxEKq0tskuBov7736HzQdJAnygC}, 43630: {instructions: In a mortar and pestle or a food processor, combine the garlic, salt, ginger and cardamom and pound to a smooth paste. Add the vermouth and the lime juice and whisk to mix. Allow to sit for 5 minutes, then add the sesame oil and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Rub this mixture into both sides of the tuna steaks and allow to sit at room temperature for about 15 minutes.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and saute, stirring, until crisp. Add the onions and continue to saute, stirring frequently, until the onions are golden. Add the sliced garlic and cook for 1 minute more, until the aroma of the garlic is released. Add the chiles, vinegar, tomatoes, thyme, oregano, and salt and cook only until the tomatoes are heated through. Preheat a grill or broiler to high heat. Grill the steaks about 4 inches away from the heat for 10 to 15 minutes, or until golden and cooked to the desired doneness. Let rest for 5 minutes. Cover the bottom of a heated serving platter with the braised onion mixture. Arrange the tuna steaks on top and surround them with the tomato wedges. Scatter the parsley over the top and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon coarse sea salt, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 tablespoon dry vermouth, I tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 8ounce tuna steaks, skin removed and dark sections discarded, 3 thin slices bacon, cut into fine strips, 2 medium red onions, cut into 14inch slices, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 jalapeno chiles, seeded and julienned, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 6 plum tomatoes, cut into wedges, 12 small bunch fresh thyme, leaves only, coarsely chopped, 12 small bunch fresh oregano, leaves only, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 small bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves only, coarsely chopped], title: Tuna Steaks ChorrilosStyle, picturelink: null}, 43631: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason the ham with dry rub. Place plastic wrap over ham and put in refrigerator. Allow the seasoning to penetrate the ham overnight to give it a fuller flavor.nUsing indirect heat, preheat your grill to 250 degrees F. with hickory chips and charcoal.nPlace ham in an aluminum roasting pan and place on grill grates. Let smoke for 3 hours, making sure the temperature remains at 250 degrees F adding more hickory chips and charcoal, as necessary. Remove to a platter.nFor the glaze:nPlace all ingredients into a saucepan over medium heat. Allow to simmer, cooking for 10 to 15 minutes, until the glaze is syrupy.nPour the warm glaze over the warm ham and serve immediately.nMix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months., ingredients: [One 10pound cooked bone in spiral ham, preferably shank end, 1 cup Neelys Dry Rub seasoning, recipe follows, 2 sticks salted butter, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup molasses, 14 cup apple cider, 14 cup bourbon, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups paprika, 34 cup sugar, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder], title: Smoked Ham with Sweet Holiday Glaze, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 43632: {instructions: Place green beans with 2 tablespoons of water in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover and cook for 6 to 7 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt butter in a large skillet over medium low heat. As the butter bubbles it will start to turn brown and give off a nutty aroma. Once it has reached a light brown color, add garlic, cooked and drained green beans and pine nuts. Toss to combine and saute for 1 minute until heated through. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nServe immediately., ingredients: [2 1pound bags cut green beans, frozen, 2 tablespoons water, 1 stick butter, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 12 cup pine nuts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Beans with Brown Butter and Pine Nuts, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 43633: {instructions: Slice the pork sausage into 14inch12 cminch slices on the bias. Cut the apple into 24 cubes. Heat the oil in a saute pan and fry the sausage slices on both sides until golden brown, remove to a platter. Wash the pan before melting the butter in the pan for the apples. Add the sugar, and fry the apple cubes, tossing occasionally, until golden on all sides. Add a little more oil to the pan, if needed, and fry the sage leaves until slightly crisp, 30 seconds to 1 minute.nLay a fried sage leaf on each sausage slice. Top with a cube of sauteed apple. Pierce with a toothpick and serve., ingredients: [2 pork sausages, cooked, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and cored, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons butter, Pinch sugar, 24 small sage leaves], title: Sausage with Apple and Sage, picturelink: null}, 43634: {instructions: In a large bowl combine marinade ingredients and beef. Chill, covered, overnight. Drain beef, reserving marinade and vegetables separately pat beef dry and season with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 275F. Cover bacon and rind with cold water, bring to a boil and simmer 3 minutes. Drain. In a large casserole set over moderate heat cook bacon lardons in butter and oil, stirring often, until golden. With a slotted spoon transfer lardons to paper towels to drain. In casserole over moderately high heat brown beef in bacon fat, in batches. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of fat from casserole. Add reserved vegetable mixture and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add reserved marinade liquid, tomato paste, reserved bacon rind and salt and pepper, bring liquid to a boil and cook in oven, covered, 3 hours. Skim fat from stew and drain meat and vegetables, reserving cooking liquid. Return liquid and meat to casserole. Meanwhile make vegetable garnish: In a skillet cover onions with water, add 1 tablespoon of butter, sugar and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer onions until almost tender. Raise heat to high and reduce cooking liquid to 2 tablespoons. Continue to cook onions, shaking pan over heat, until golden brown and glazed. In a skillet set over moderately high heat, melt remaining butter and add mushrooms and salt and pepper to taste. Cook mushrooms, tossing often, for 7 minutes, or until firm. Add the onions and mushrooms to the casserole. Bring liquid in casserole to a simmer and add enough Beurre Manie, bit by bit, stirring constantly, to lightly thicken sauce. To serve: spoon meat and vegetables into shallow serving dishes., ingredients: [3 cups dry red wine, 2 cups beef stock or canned broth, 14 cup Marc de Bourgogne or goodquality brandy, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 small carrots, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, 10 peppercorns, 12 parsley stems, 4 whole cloves, 4 allspice berries, 1 bay leaf, 3 pounds beef chuck, cut into 2inch pieces, Salt and pepper, 14 pound slab bacon rind removed and reserved sliced lengthwise 14inch thick, crosswise into pieces 12inch wide, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 pound pearl onions, 4 tablespoon butter, Pinch of sugar, 1 pound button mushrooms, Beurre Manie equal parts flour and softened butter, mixed together, about 1 tablespoon each], title: Boeuf a la Bourguignon, picturelink: null}, 43635: {instructions: In a large bowl put vinegar, olive oil, garlic, two pinches of salt and a few grinds of pepper. Whisk to combine. Rinse your onion and add them to the bowl along with the tomatoes, thyme and basil. Toss all ingredients together and adjust seasoning. More salt and pepper as desired., ingredients: [3 medium vine ripened red tomatoes, wedged, 3 medium vine ripened yellow tomatoes, wedged, 2 cloves of garlic, minced, 1 small bunch of basil leaves, chiffonade, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, chopped, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 small white or vidalia onion, julienned, Salt and pepper], title: Red and Yellow Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 43636: {instructions: For the bacon sauce: Cut the bacon into pieces. Using a big saute pan or skillet that has a cover, cook over medium heat until almost crispy. Dont drain the fat. Add the onions to the pan. When the onions are almost cooked and start to become translucent, add the garlic and salt and pepper to taste. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes, and then add tomatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, cover and simmer on low for about an hour to an hour and a half.nFor the meatballs: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet. In a large bowl, combine the beef, breadcrumbs, ParmigianoReggiano, parsley, garlic, eggs and some salt and pepper. Form into 1 to 1 12inch meatballs and place on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 5 minutes. Then turn the oven down to 350 degrees F and bake for an additional 10 minutes. Make sure to turn every few minutes to brown on all sides.nCook the bucatini according to the package directions.nServe the bacon sauce over the pasta with the meatballs on the side. Garnish with freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano., ingredients: [7 or 8 strips regular bacon, 1 large onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 28ounce cans chunky ground tomatoes, such as Pastene Chunky Kitchen Ready, Oil, for greasing pan, 2 pounds 80percent lean ground beef, 34 cup breadcrumbs made from day old Italian bread, 34 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for serving, 34 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 2 or 3 cloves garlic, minced not too fine, 2 eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound bucatini pasta], title: Bucatini with Bacon Sauce and Meatballs, picturelink: NKok.RFPF8WcxXT.JWNp94kGZvORxYe}, 43637: {instructions: Make the filling: In a large heavy skillet cook the onion, garlic, jalapeno peppers, cumin, chili powder, and oregano in the oil over moderately high heat, stirring until the onion is soft. Add the chuck and cook it over moderately high heat, stirring and breaking up any lumps, until it is no longer pink. Add the tomato paste, the tomatoes with the juice, the raisins, olives, corn, coriander, salt and black pepper to taste. Simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until it is thickened. The filling may be made up to 1 day in advance, kept covered and chilled, and brought to room temperature before proceeding.nMake the topping: In a large saucepan combine the sweet and russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, with enough cold water to cover them by 1 inch. Bring the water to a boil and simmer the potatoes for 10 to 15 minutes, or until they are tender. Drain the potatoes, return them to the pan, and cook them over moderate heat, shaking the pan, for 30 seconds to evaporate any excess liquid. Force the potatoes through a ricer or the medium disk of a food mill into a bowl. Add the butter and salt and pepper to taste, and stir the mixture until it is combined well and the butter is melted. Transfer the filling to a 3quart baking dish at least 2 12 inches deep, spoon the topping over it, spreading it to cover the filling completely, and dot the top with the butter, cut into bits. Bake the pie in the middle of a preheated 400 degree F oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until it is browned lightly., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 large pickled jalapeno peppers, seeded and minced wear rubber gloves, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 pounds ground chuck, 14 cup tomato paste, 28ounce can plum tomatoes including the juice, chopped, 14 cup raisins, 34 cup chopped pimientostuffed green olives, 1 cup fresh or frozen corn, 14 cup finely chopped fresh coriander if desired, Salt and pepper, 2 pounds sweet potatoes, 1 pound russet baking potatoes], title: Picadillo and Sweet Potato Shepherds Pie Spicy Beef, Vegetable, and Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: null}, 43638: {instructions: For the rolls: Fill a round cake pan or pie plate with hot water. Place each wrapper in the water for 5 seconds, until softened. Remove, shaking off any excess water and place on a work surface.nStack 2 tablespoons of Shredded Pork and about a quarter cup of sliced vegetables and rice noodles on the lower third of the rice paper. Top the vegetable mixture with 2 basil leaves, 2 cilantro sprigs and 1 mint leaf.nFold the bottom edge of the wrapper over the filling and then fold in both sides toward the center, and roll up like you would a burrito. Repeat the process with the remaining ingredients.nFor the dipping sauce: In a mixing bowl, combine the rice vinegar, fish sauce, sesame oil, soy sauce, ginger and sugar. Whisk together until combined, taste and adjust seasoning. Serve the rolls with the dipping saucenCooks Note: Placing a damp towel on top of your spring rolls will help keep them soft.nCombine the tomato sauce, chili powder, brown sugar, coriander and cumin in the base of your slow cooker. Stir to combine and distribute the spices evenly.nSprinkle the pork with salt and pepper and place it in the slow cooker. Using tongs, turn the pork to coat it evenly in the sauce. Add in the garlic and onions, stir again. Place the lid on the slow cooker and cook until the pork is tender and beginning to fall apart, on low 8 to 10 hours or on high 4 to 6 hours.nTransfer the pork to a serving bowl. Allow to cool slightly, and then shred using 2 forks, removing any excess fat.nSkim any excess fat off of the sauce remaining in the slow cooker. Stir in the lime juice and season with salt and pepper. Add the shredded pork back into the slow cooker and mix it with the sauce that was created during the cooking. You can store the pork in its sauce for 3 to 4 days., ingredients: [Hot water, 16 rice paper wrappers, 1 cup Slow Cooker Shredded Pork, recipe follows, 1 cup cooked rice vermicelli, chopped, 14 English cucumber, seeded and thinly sliced into matchsticks, 12 red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced into matchsticks, 12 carrot, shredded or cut into matchsticks, 2 scallions, sliced thinly on the bias, 32 fresh Thai basil leaves, 32 fresh cilantro sprigs, 16 fresh mint leaves, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon peeled and grated ginger, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 3pound pork shoulder or butt, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 5 cloves garlic, minced or grated, 2 yellow onions, diced, 14 cup fresh lime juice], title: Shredded Pork Summer Rolls, picturelink: null}, 43639: {instructions: In a blender cup, add vinegar, soy sauce, miso, sambal oelek, sugar and gari. Blend until smooth. Slowly drizzle in both oils. Check for seasoning. Pour dressing into a bowl and fold in scallions. Toss the spinach with the dressing.nPlating: Place a ring mold in the center of a plate. Make a napoleon by alternating layers of tofu and spinach. Remove ring and drizzle with more dressing. Garnish with gari and sesame seeds., ingredients: [14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon thin soy sauce, 2 tablespoons light miso paste, 1 tablespoon sambal oelek, 12 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped gari pickled ginger Save 4 pieces for garnish., 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 cup canola oil, 12 cup chopped scallion greens, Salt and white pepper to taste, 3 cups spinach chiffonade, 1 package soft tofu homemade or store bought, cut into 14 inch slices, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds for garnish], title: Tofu and Spinach Salad Spicy Miso Dressing, picturelink: null}, 43640: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine first 3 ingredients in a small saucepan cook, stirring constantly, over medium heat 3 to 5 minutes or until sugar dissolves.nPour brown sugar mixture into an ungreased 13 by 9inch baking dish. Arrange 6 bread slices in brown sugar mixture, cutting slices as necessary to fit in dish. Sprinkle raisins and 34 cup pecans evenly over bread. Top with remaining bread slices.nWhisk together eggs, next 4 ingredients, and 1 cup cream. Pour egg mixture over bread slices in baking dish.nBake, uncovered, for 40 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean.nBeat remaining 12 cup whipping cream until foamy gradually add powdered sugar, beating until soft peaks form.nDivide French toast evenly among individual serving plates. Top each serving with whipped cream drizzle with maple syrup, and sprinkle with remaining 14 cup pecans. Serve with bacon, if desired.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. They have been tested in the Southern Living Test Kitchens. All brand names have been removed from these recipes, which originally appeared on southernlivingcookoff.com., ingredients: [1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup butter, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 slices honey white bread, 34 cup raisins, 1 cup chopped pecans, toasted and divided, 6 large eggs, 12 cup milk, 2 teaspoons grated lemon rind, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups whipping cream, divided, 14 cup powdered sugar, Maple syrup, Fully cooked bacon slices optional], title: CaramelPecan French Toast, picturelink: null}, 43641: {instructions: Presoak the morels in the port wine. Once the mushrooms are reconstituted, strain and reserve the wine. Next, chop the morels into a small dice. In a 4quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat, render the foie gras. Once rendered, add the glace de viande and reserved wine to the foie gras and reduce by half. Add the morels and heavy cream to the port reduction. Continue cooking until reduced by onethird. Once reduced, cool and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for no more than 1 week., ingredients: [2 cups dried morel mushrooms, 2 cups port wine, 4 ounces foie gras, diced, 2 quarts heavy cream, 2 cups glace de viande veal or beef stock], title: Morel Foie Gras, picturelink: null}, 43642: {instructions: Place a large pot of water on to boil for pasta.nCombine roasted peppers, garlic, pine nuts, parsley, salt and pepper and cheese in a food processor. Turn the processor on and stream in the extravirgin olive oil to form a thick, pasty sauce forms. Adjust seasoning and transfer sauce to a large bowl.nAdd salt to boiling water and cook pasta to al dente, drain and cool under running cold water. Drain well a second time. Add cooked, cooled pasta to the pesto sauce. Add remaining ingredients to the bowl and toss to coat salad evenly. Adjust salt and pepper to your taste and serve or chill up to 48 hours., ingredients: [1 cup drained, packed roasted red peppers, 2 small cloves garlic, 1 3ounce jar pignolipine nuts, 14 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, a couple of handfuls, Salt and pepper, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 pound mini penne or gemelli pasta, cooked to al dente, 1 cup drained marinated mushrooms, sliced, 14 cup Italian hot pepper rings, drained and chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 large red onion, chopped], title: MOPitup Pasta Salad Mushrooms, Peppers and Onions Pasta Salad with Red Pepper Pesto, picturelink: null}, 43643: {instructions: In a skillet melt the butter over moderate heat and cook the shallot for about 30 seconds. Add the chopped mushrooms, salt and pepper and cook until the liquid rendered from the mushrooms evaporates, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon very finely chopped shallot, mushrooms or just the stems, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Duxelles, picturelink: null}, 43644: {instructions: Make the topping: In a food processor combine the flour, the brown sugar, the butter, and the cinnamon and pulse the motor until the topping is combined well and crumbly.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees and butter and flour an 8inch round or square baking pan. In a bowl with an electric mixer cream together the butter and the granulated sugar until the mixture is light and fluffy, add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and sift in the flour, the baking powder, and the salt. Beat the batter until it is just combined and spread it evenly in the pan. Arrange the peach slices in slightly overlapping rows over the batter, sprinkle the topping over them, and bake the cake in the middle of the oven for 50 minutes to 1 hour, or until a tester comes out clean. Serve the cake warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 34 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 large peaches about 1 14 pounds, sliced thin], title: Peach Crumb Cake, picturelink: null}, 43645: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl combine vinegar, basil, shallots, garlic, tomatoes, salt, and freshly ground black pepper. Add the 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and whisk together. Slice the filet to desired thickness longways, leaving 1 end of the filet uncut so that you have a slice about 12 inches long. Lay the tomato mixture on the filet, and begin rolling to create the roulade. Once the filet is filled and rolled tightly, tie it with butchers twine around the middle of the filet to hold it together. Take the sprigs of rosemary and push them through the filet to create a seal. Heat a pan over mediumhigh heat and add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil. Season filet with salt and pepper, to taste. Sear for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Finish in the oven for 6 to 10 minutes, or until desired temperature is reached. Once out of the oven, remove the string and rosemary, and replace with new rosemary for garnish and to hold the filet together., ingredients: [1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped basil, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 roma tomatoes, sliced and seeded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 8ounce filet mignon, 4 sprigs rosemary], title: Seared Filet Roulade, picturelink: null}, 43646: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nHeat extravirgin olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumlow to medium heat, then add onions and roasted peppers, season with salt and pepper and cook gently until soft but not caramelized, 12 to 15 minutes. Stir in parsley.nHeat a large skillet or a cast iron griddle to high.nToast the bread under broiler and reserve.nMelt butter in a small saucepan over low heat, add garlic. Remove pan from the heat and set aside until the steaks are cooked.nSeason 1 side of the steaks with salt and pepper and place seasoned side down in the hot skillet or griddle.. Cook 3 minutes until the meat can be moved easily. Season the reverse side of meat. Flip steaks, reduce heat to medium and cook 6 to 7 minutes for medium rare, 8 to 10 for just pink. Remove meat and let rest a few minutes. Slice steaks 14inch thick against the grain. Pile onions over toast, top with sliced steak, and spoon garlic butter down over the top of each portion., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 2 large yellow skinned onions, thinly sliced, 2 roasted red peppers, drained well and thinly sliced, Salt and pepper, A generous handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 4 1inch thick slices from a round loaf of good quality semolina bread, from the center of the loaf, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 12 ounce NY strip steaks], title: GarlicButtered Sliced Steak with Onions, picturelink: KWODNOs5lUiCX70V9iC3oX91DbEopbi}, 43647: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 12 cup muffin tins with paper muffin cup liners.nCombine cake mix, pudding mix, sherry, oil, eggs, and nutmeg in a large bowl. Beat for 2 minutes, or until well blended. Spoon batter into prepared muffin cups, filling each 23 full. Bake for 18 minutes, or until light golden brown on top. Cool completely on a wire rack.nWhen cupcakes are cool, ice them using a small spatula or butter knife. Let sit until glaze is set. Place sugared pink rose petals on the tops of each cupcakes. Stack 3 glass cake pedestals on top of each other. Arrange cupcakes on each tier.nSift confectioners sugar into a large bowl. Gradually add sherry, whisking until smooth. Do not ice cupcakes until they have cooled completely.nBeat 2 egg whites in a medium bowl until frothy. With a fine brush, apply a thin coat of egg whites to both sides of each petal. Sprinkle evenly with granulated sugar. Shake off excess sugar and let dry completely on a wire rack, about 2 hours, or let dry overnight., ingredients: [34 cup vegetable oil, 4 eggs, 34 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Sherry Glaze, recipe follows, 24 Sugared Pink Rose Petals, recipe follows, 1 18.25ounce box yellow cake mix, 1 3.4ounce box vanilla instant pudding and pie filling, 34 cup cream sherry, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup cream sherry, 24 fresh rose petals, 2 egg whites, 12 cup granulated sugar], title: Sherry Tea Cakes and Glaze, picturelink: XPriCbcpDH3Fe0QugWLBVcTX.J6uKi}, 43648: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Prepare an icewater bath set aside. Add edamame to boiling water cook until bright green and just tender, about 4 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer edamame to the icewater bath to stop the cooking. Let drain pat dry. Toss with seasoned salt. Edamame will keep, refrigerated in an airtight container, for up to 2 days., ingredients: [Salt, 1 1pound bag Edamame, 1 teaspoon Seasoned Salt], title: Edamame Young Soybean Pods, picturelink: null}, 43649: {instructions: Line 24 cupcake tins with foil liners in your choice of colors red and green are pretty for the holidays. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the oil, sugar, molasses. Add the eggs and whisk until smooth. Stir in gingernIn another large bowl, whisk together the flour, cinnamon, salt, and cloves. Whisk the molasses mixture into the flour mixture until evenly combined.nIn a small saucepan, bring the water to a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the baking soda. Whisk the hot water into the batter until just combined. Transfer the batter into the prepared tins. Bake the cupcakes in the center of the oven, until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 25 to 28 minutes. Cool the cupcakes on a rack.nWhipped Orange Flower Cream: In a cold bowl, beat whipping cream with orange flower water, and add sugar and cream of tartar gradually. Beat until stiff.nFor Brandy sauce: melt butter over medium heat. Add brandy. Blend in confectioners sugar.nServe cupcakes with whipped cream and brandy sauce., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup white sugar, 1 cup molasses, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon freshly grated gingerroot, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 1 pint whipping cream, 1 teaspoon orange flower water, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, Pinch cream of tartar, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons brandy, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Gingerbread Cake with Brandy Sauce and Whipped Orange Flower Cream, picturelink: null}, 43650: {instructions: Trim leeks of tough green ends and roots. Split leeks lengthwise, then cut across into 12inch slices. Place sandy slices of leeks into a large bowl filled with cold water. Separating the layers of each slice to free the grains of sand. Allow the sand to settle to the bottom of the bowl. With your hands, gently lift the leeks out of the water leaving the sand and dirt behind. Place the leeks within arms reach of the stovetop.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Add olive oil to skillet to coat the pan, then add chicken breasts. Brown chicken breasts 3 to 4 minutes on each side, then transfer to a plate.nAdd a little more oil to the pan, then pour in leeks. Saute leeks 5 minutes, until soft and translucent. Add 1 cup wine to the pan and nestle chicken breasts down into leeks. Reduce heat to simmer and cook chicken 5 to 7 minutes longer.nTo serve, remove chicken from pan and slice on an angle. Fan and arrange sliced chicken breasts over a bed of Sauteed leeks on each dinner plate or a warm serving platter. Serve with rice and salad.nPilaf: heat a medium saucepan or pot over moderate heat. Add oil and butter and shallots to the pan. Saute shallots 2 minutes, then add 1 12 cups rice. Lightly brown rice 3 to 5 minutes. Add wine and allow it to evaporate entirely, 1 to 2 minutes. Add thyme and chicken broth to the rice. Fill broth can halfagain with water or, measure 1 cup water and add to pot. Bring liquid to a boil. Cover rice and reduce heat. Cook rice 20 minutes, until tender.nStir the zest of 1 lemon and parsley into rice. Transfer lemon rice to dinner plates or warm serving dish and garnish with toasted slivered almonds.nHeat 3inches of water in a deep skillet and heat to a boil. Add trimmed wax and green beans and julienne sliced yellow squash to the pot. Simmering vegetables in water for 2 minutes, add red peppers and simmer 1 minute longer. You want the vegetables to remain full of color and bite. Drain vegetables and coldshock under running water in your colander.nPlace drained vegetables in a serving dish and combine with sliced scallions and shredded dark garden greens, such as spinach or arugula.nWhisk together mustard, vinegar, and lemon juice. Add olive oil in a slow stream while whisking to get a nice emulsion of your dressing. Add herbs and pour dressing over the salad. Toss salad to combine flavors and coat your vegetables evenly., ingredients: [2 leeks, 4 6 to 8ounce pieces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon 1 turn around the pan in a slow stream extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1 12 cups long grain rice, 12 cup dry white wine, A few sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and chopped, about 1 tablespoon, 1 14ounce can or 2 cups chicken broth or stock, 1 cup water, 1 handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 lemon, zested, Slivered almonds, toasted, for garnish, 14 pound a couple of handfuls from produce bins fresh wax beans, 14 pound a couple of handfuls from produce bins fresh green beans, 1 small yellow squash, julienne cut into strips, 1 red bell pepper, cut into thin strips, 2 scallions, cut into on a diagonal, 2 cups baby spinach or arugula leaves, shredded, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons a couple of splashes white wine or tarragon vinegar, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon andor fresh parsley, Salt and pepper], title: Pan Seared Chicken with Tender Leek, Lemon Rice Pilaf, and Whatever Your Garden Grows Salad, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 43651: {instructions: Combine the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, salt, and garam masala in a large bowl. Set aside.nAdd the butter to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle or in a large bowl if using a hand mixer. Beat on mediumhigh speed until the butter is smooth, about 1 minute. Add the sugar and ginger continue to beat over mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat in the egg until fully incorporated. Add the molasses and continue to beat until fully incorporated. Add the flour in 2 batches and mix on low until combined and forms a sticky dough. Divide the dough in half, wrap in plastic wrap, and pat into 2 12inch thick rectangles. Chill for at least 2 hours and up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and adjust racks to the bottom and top half of the oven. Line 3 to 4 baking sheets with parchment paper. Lightly dust a clean work surface with flour.nRoll each portion of the dough into a 14inch thick rectangle if the dough becomes soft, chill for a bit in the refrigerator. Cut the dough with 3inch cookie cutters, lay on the prepared baking sheets about 1inch apart, and chill for 10 minutes. Bake until the cookies are golden around the edges, about 12 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool completely. Decorate, as desired, with Chocolate Glaze or Royal Icing. Garnish with toasted fennel seeds, dried rose petals, or silver dragees.nCombine all the ingredients in a microwavesafe bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and cook until the chocolate melts, about 1 12 minutes. Stir to smooth out and combine.nCombine all the ingredients in a medium bowl. Beat with an electric hand mixer over mediumhigh speed until it forms thick and glossy peaks, about 6 minutes., ingredients: [23 cup Dutchprocessed cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 teaspoons garam masala Indian spice blend available at specialty shops, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature 1 12 sticks, 34 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup molasses, Chocolate Glaze, recipe follows, Royal Icing, recipe follows, Toasted fennel seed, dried rose petals and gold or silver dragees, for garnish, 3 cups all purpose flour, plus for dusting, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons corn syrup, 3 tablespoons water, 1 12 tablespoons egg white powder, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 4 tablespoons water], title: Garam MasalaChocolate Gingerbread, picturelink: JoANMuX9ipdw0LaPbc09V0yXAvujEa}, 43652: {instructions: Bring stock to boil. Reduce heat and keep warm. Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium high heat. Add onion and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add 1 chili, garlic, cumin and cinnamon and stir 1 minute. Add rice and stir until coated with onion mixture. Add wine and stir until almost all liquid evaporates. Add 1 cup stock and stir until almost all liquid evaporates. Continue adding stock and stirring until rice is tender but still firm to bite and mixture is creamy, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Add 14 cup cheese and stir until melted. Spoon risotto into bowls. Top with remaining chili and cheese., ingredients: [3 12 to 4 cups chicken stock or vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 Poblano chilies, roasted, julienned, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 112 cups Arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup grated Manchego cheese], title: Latin Risotto, picturelink: null}, 43653: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Cover the potatoes with water in a pot season with salt, cover and boil until the potatoes are forktender, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a stovetop casserole dish or shallow enamel pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrots, celery, turnips and garlic. Season with salt and pepper and cook until the vegetables brown, 8 minutes. Add 1 12 cups cooking liquid from the potatoes to the casserole dish. Lower the heat and scrape up any browned bits with a wooden spoon. Tie the parsley stems with twine and add to the casserole. Cover and simmer until the vegetables are tender, 8 minutes. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons butter and the chopped veggie burgers and warm through, 5 minutes. Remove the parsley stems and stir in the chopped parsley. Keep warm.nDrain the potatoes and mash with the remaining 3 tablespoons butter and the milk season with salt and pepper and spoon over the casserole. Sprinkle with parmesan, if desired. Broil until golden brown, 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [6 medium Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, diced, 3 large carrots, cut into 12inch chunks, 2 stalks celery, cut into 12inch chunks, 1 bunch baby turnips, halved or quartered if large, 6 cloves garlic, minced, Freshly ground pepper, 12 bunch fresh parsley, leaves chopped stems reserved, 1 12 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup chopped veggie burgers or vegetarian protein crumbles, 23 cup milk or halfandhalf, Grated parmesan cheese, for sprinkling optional], title: Vegetable Shepherds Pie, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 43654: {instructions: Toppings: Melted butter, Old Bay Seasoning, grated parmesan and chopped chivesnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Chesapeake Butter Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 43655: {instructions: Special equipment: A candy thermometernLine a baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside. In a small saucepan, cook the coconut sugar, honey, brown rice syrup and peanuts over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer registers 290 degrees F, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the popcorn and pretzels to a large heatproof bowl. Pour the sugar mixture over the popcorn and pretzels, and quickly stir to coat. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet, spreading out the caramel corn. Sprinkle with salt and let cool completely, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup coconut sugar, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons brown rice syrup, 1 cup unsalted roasted peanuts, 5 cups unsalted popped popcorn, 1 cup glutenfree mini pretzels, Salt, for sprinkling], title: HoneyRoasted Peanut and Pretzel Caramel Corn Crunch, picturelink: ubVmMxk7c57uzV7UgP44osSM88Xwle}, 43656: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 10cup Bundt pan, nonstick preferrednPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a Bundt pan with cooking spray if your Bundt pan isnt nonstick, oil it and dust with flour.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, cornmeal, baking powder and salt. Whisk until well combined.nIn another bowl, stir together the buttermilk, orange zest and orange blossom water.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar together on medium speed until light yellow and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Reduce the speed and mix in the eggs, one at a time. Mix in half the flour mixture, then all of the buttermilk mixture, and, finally, the remaining half of the flour at each step, mix until just combined. Pour the batter into the prepared Bundt pan.nBake on the middle rack until golden brown and just beginning to pull away from the edges, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool the cake in the pan on a rack for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the ganache: Bring the cream to a simmer in a heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat, about 3 minutes.nWhile the cream is heating, combine the white chocolate chips, orange zest and orange extract in a heatproof glass bowl, and set the bowl over the cream. When the cream reaches a simmer, pour it over the chocolate and let sit for 1 minute to begin to melt then stir with a rubber spatula until smooth. Allow to cool slightly, about 10 minutes, stirring every couple minutes to ensure even cooling.nInvert the cake onto a rimmed plate and drizzle the top with ganache. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for pan, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup fine white cornmeal stoneground, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons grated orange zest, 2 teaspoons orange blossom water, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 5 large eggs, 2 12 ounces heavy cream a generous 14 cup, 6 ounces white chocolate chips, 1 12 teaspoons grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon orange extract], title: Orange Blossom Bundt Cake with White Chocolate Ganache, picturelink: eZ0hfdzdEQo1oYkIJR6nCpINIJpBYiW}, 43657: {instructions: Preheat a nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Drizzle chops with extra virgin olive oil, just enough to lightly coat the meat on both sides. Place the chops in a hot pan and cook 6 to 7 minutes on each side under a loose tin foil tent. The tent will reflect heat back into pan while allowing steam to escape.nOnce the chops are turned, season with seasoning blend or coarse salt and pepper, to your taste. After the chops are cooked through, remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes for juices to redistribute before serving.nIn a medium saucepan, working over medium to medium high heat, combine apples, sweetened dried cranberries, and cranapple juice concentrate. Cook apples into a chunky sauce, about 10 minutes. Remove cranapple sauce from heat and let it settle.nSimmer potatoes in just enough water to cover them for 10 minutes or until fork tender. Drain and return potatoes to hot pot to dry them out. Toss potatoes with butter, parsley, and a little salt.nSteam snap peas in 1 cup boiling water and 1 teaspoon sugar combined. Cook covered for 3 to 5 minutes and drain with slotted spoon when serving.nServe chops with cranapple sauce and sides of potatoes and snap peas., ingredients: [4 centercut pork loin boneless chops, each about 34 inch thick, A drizzle extravirgin olive oil, Grill seasoning blend or coarse salt and pepper, 5 McIntosh apples, peeled and chunked, 12 cup dried sweetened cranberries, 1 cup concentrated canned cranapple juice, available on juice aisle of market, 1 12 pounds small red skinned potatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons butter, A handful flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 1 12 pounds sugar snap peas, washed, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Pork Chops with CranApple Sauce, Parsley Potatoes and Sugar Snap Peas, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 43658: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the pineapple: In a 10inch castiron skillet over medium heat, melt the butter and add the brown sugar. Cook, stirring constantly, until the sugar melts, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and arrange the pineapple slices in the skillet. Fill in the spaces with the crushed pineapple. Set aside.nFor the cake: Meanwhile, combine the cake ingredients in this fashion: In one bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In bowl number 2, combine the milk, vanilla extract and 14 cup of the reserved pineapple juice.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the granulated sugar and coconut oil on medium speed until thick and creamy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg. Add half of the flour mixture and mix on low until just combined. Add the milk mixture and stir until just combined. Add the rest of the flour and mix until combined, about 1 minute.nPour the batter over the pineapple slices in the skillet and spread evenly. Bake until the top is golden brown and a toothpick comes out clean when inserted, 25 to 35 minutes, checking after 20 minutes to make sure the top isnt getting too brown. If it is, cover loosely with aluminum foil.nLet cool for 15 minutes. Cover with a cutting board or large plate and invert the cake. Ta daaaaaaa, you are ready to eat, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup lightly packed dark brown sugar, One 20ounce can sliced pineapple, drained and juice reserved, One 20ounce can crushed pineapple, drained and juice reserved, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 14 cup reserved pineapple juice from the cans, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup unrefined coconut oil, 1 large egg], title: Pineapple UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 43659: {instructions: Special equipment: cheeseclothnMake paneer: Line a colander with a triplelayer of dampened cheesecloth, leaving a 2 to 3inch overhang. Place the colander in the sink. Heat the milk in a large nonreactive saucepan over medium heat, stirring frequently to make sure the milk doesnt scorch on the bottom, until the milk comes to a simmer. Turn off the heat and gently stir in 3 tablespoons lemon juice. The milk should start separating into solid curds and a yellowish watery whey. If it doesnt, add a little more lemon juice. Let sit for about 5 minutes in the pot to continue separating, then gently pour into the cheeseclothlined colander. If the curds are still very small after 5 minutes then reheat the milk mixture over medium heat and simmer to increase the curd separation.nRinse briefly with cold water to remove any lemon flavor. Gather up the sides of the cheesecloth, twist into a ball, and squeeze to wring out as much liquid as possible. Open up the cheesecloth, and mix 14 teaspoon salt evenly into the cheese curds. Squeeze into a ball again and wring out any remaining moisture. Flatten the cheesecloth ball into a 34inch thick disc and place on a plate. Weigh down with another plate topped with a heavy item such as a large can. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to overnight, then carefully cut the paneer into 34inch cubes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Have a large bowl of ice water nearby. In batches, blanch the spinach for about 1 minute in the boiling water and quickly transfer with a spider or slotted spoon to the ice water. Drain the cooked spinach. Place all of it in a blender and puree until mostly but not completely smooth. Reserve.nRinse the blender carafe and puree the tomatoes reserve. Rinse the carafe again and puree the garlic and ginger with 14 cup water reserve.nLine a plate with paper towels. Heat 2 tablespoons ghee in a large nonstick skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the paneer cubes and brown well on 2 to 3 sides, about 5 minutes total. Remove to the lined plate and reserve.nAdd another 2 tablespoons ghee to the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the cumin seeds and stir until the seeds start to darken and smell toasted, 10 to 30 seconds. Add the serrano chile, onion, and 12 teaspoon salt. Cook until the onion is dark brown and soft, about 10 minutes. Turn down the heat if the onion starts to burn.nAdd the gingergarlic paste, turmeric, cayenne, and half the garam masala. Stir for about 2 minutes, then add the tomato puree, stirring continuously, until the mixture starts to look dry, about 6 minutes. Add the spinach puree, sugar, 14 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons salt and the remaining garam masala. The mixture will be quite thick. Simmer for 8 minutes, then stir in the heavy cream and remaining 2 tablespoons ghee. Fold in the browned paneer cubes and simmer to warm the paneer through and to thicken the heavy cream, an additional 4 minutes.nServe with steamed basmati rice or Indian flatbread and lemon wedges on the side., ingredients: [8 cups whole milk not ultrapasteurized, 3 to 4 tablespoons lemon juice, Kosher salt, 2 pounds washed regular not baby spinach leaves, 2 small or 1 large tomato 8 ounces, roughly chopped, 6 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 2inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 6 tablespoons ghee, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 serrano chile, minced, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 2 teaspoons garam masala, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, Lemon wedges, for serving, Serving suggestion: steamed basmati rice or Indian flatbread], title: Palak Paneer, picturelink: ooecyTbUMBQQuyYNhBs4Ln1SXWWT76}, 43660: {instructions: For the marinade: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the pork butt in a roasting pan fatside up. Use a knife to carefully poke about 15 holes into the pork butt. In a blender or food processor, add the orange juice, olive oil, lime juice, 2 tablespoons of the cumin, 2 tablespoons of the oregano, 1 tablespoon of the pepper, the salt and garlic, and pulse until mixed and the garlic is minced. Pour the marinade over the pork. In a small bowl, combine the remaining 2 tablespoons cumin, oregano and pepper, mix well, and then pour evenly over the pork butt. Tightly cover the pan with foil and place in middle rack of the oven to cook for 8 hours.nUsing tongs or two forks, pull the pork and then cover with foil until ready to serve.nFor the rice: About 45 minutes before the pork butt is finished, start on the rice. Pour 4 cups water in a medium saucepan with the granulated garlic, olive oil and salt. Bring to a boil, then add the rice and reduce the heat to a low simmer. Cover and cook until the rice is tender and the water is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Set aside.nFor the beans: In the pitcher of a blender add the cumin, oregano, black pepper, salt, seasoning, tomatoes, garlic and onions. Blend until the tomatoes, garlic and onions are no longer solid. Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan set over medium heat. Add the vegetable puree and stir gently for 3 minutes. Add the white wine and beans. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cook at a simmer, stirring every 2 minutes, for 20 minutes.nIn a small skillet, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 325 degrees F. Place the plantains in the oil and cook until golden brown on the bottom, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown on the bottom, 1 to 2 minutes. Place the plantains on a paper towl to drain excess grease.nPlace a scoop of rice on each plate and pour some beans over the rice. Place some pulled pork next to the rice and beans, and some fried plantains next to the pork. Garnish each plate with a lime wedge, some cilantro and queso fresco. Serve hot., ingredients: [One 5 to 6pound pork butt, 1 12 cups orange juice, 1 cup olive oil, 34 cup lime juice, 4 tablespoons ground cumin, 4 tablespoons dried oregano, 3 tablespoons ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 25 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 cups long grain rice, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons salt, 6 packets Goya Sazon Con Culantro y Achiote seasoning, 6 Roma tomatoes, halved, 4 cloves garlic, 12 onion, quartered, 14 cup olive oil, 13 cup white wine, Four 15.5ounce cans kidney beans, 2 cups vegetable oil, 1 ripe plantain, peeled and sliced 13inch thick on the bias, 1 lime, cut into 6 wedges, Pinch chopped fresh cilantro, Pinch crumbled queso fresco], title: Piglatin Plate, picturelink: zYe1in5F2Uit.TDea.GBwouZIasF2a}, 43661: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the shrimp with 2 tablespoons of the oil, the cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast, tossing once, until opaque throughout, 4 to 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, pulse the peppers, cilantro, the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil, lime juice, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a food processor until smooth.nServe the shrimp hot, cold or at room temperature with the sauce. The sauce can be made ahead and refrigerated for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 12 pounds peeled and deveined large shrimp, tails on, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 4.5ounce cans chopped green chile peppers, 12 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice from 1 lime], title: CuminRoasted Shrimp with Green Chile Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: Oh2Eq4UF9j7e81RfzR3C0ms12W7Xhq}, 43662: {instructions: Spread the potato chips onto a serving platter in a single layer. Transfer the melted chocolate to a quartsize resealable plastic bag. Snip the corner of the bag and using both hands, squeeze the bag and drizzle the chocolate over the chips.nLet stand at room temperature until the chocolate sets, about 15 minutes or refrigerate briefly to set. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 cups kettlestyle potato chips, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted], title: ChocolateDrizzled Potato Chips, picturelink: kyr82vIayncUDiXxEBRtUcgvbPNhx7a}, 43663: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolk, lemon juice, garlic, Worcestershire, pepper flakes, mustard, and anchovies. Slowly whisk in the oils to emulsify. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nPlace the lettuce in a large bowl. Sprinkle with Parmesan and black pepper. Drizzle with desired amount of dressing and toss well. Sprinkle top with croutons., ingredients: [1 egg yolk, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 anchovy fillets, mashed, Scant 1 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large head romaine lettuce, cleaned and cut into 1 to 2inch pieces, Freshly grated Parmesan, 2 cups croutons], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 43664: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the Rhubarb Simple Syrup, white rum, lime juice, ginger, aged rum and pomegranate juice to a mixing glass. Muddle the ginger, add large ice and shake thoroughly in a cocktail shaker. Doublestrain into a rocks glass with fresh ice, garnish with a rhubarb stalk and serve.nAdd the rhubarb and 2 cups water to a small pot and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and add the sugar. Stir until dissolved, then take off the heat. Let steep for 10 minutes, then strain and let cool. Store in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 14 ounces Rhubarb Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 ounce white rum, such as Bacardi, 1 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 ounce diced fresh ginger, 12 ounce aged rum, such as Zacapa 23, 14 ounce pomegranate juice, 1 stalk rhubarb, 1 stalk rhubarb, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 cups sugar], title: Rumbarb, picturelink: udSNVVGo5lRnGXURWpGhTgCptrCXT66}, 43665: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nIn a mixing bowl sift together 1 pound flour, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon baking soda. Make a well in the center. Pour most of the milk into the well. Using one hand, mix in the flour from sides of the bowl, adding more milk if necessary. The dough should be softish, not too wet and sticky. When it all comes together, turn the dough onto a wellfloured counter. Wash and dry hands. Knead lightly for 1 second, just to tidy it up, flip over. Pat dough into a round about 1 12 inches deep and cut a cross into dough over the sides of the bread to let the fairies out. Bake in preheated 450 degree oven for 15 minutes, then turn down the oven to 400 degrees for another 30 minutes or until cooked. If in doubt, tap the bottom of the bread, it should sound hollow., ingredients: [1 pound white unbleached flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 to 14 ounces buttermilk], title: White Soda Bread and Scones, picturelink: null}, 43666: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nArrange tortillas on prepared baking sheet and spray tortillas with cooking spray. Brush in cooking spray to coat. Bake 5 to 6 minutes, until golden brown. Transfer tortillas to individual plates and top with lettuce, chicken, tomatoes, corn, black beans, and jalapenos. Sprinkle cilantro over top to garnish, if desired. Drizzle with CilantroLime Vinaigrette.nIn a container or jar, place chicken broth, olive oil, honey mustard, lime zest, lime juice, cilantro, salt and pepper. Cover with lid. Shake to combine. To serve, drizzle over Chicken Tostada., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 4 6inch corn tortillas, 4 cups shredded lettuce, 4 cooked chicken breast halves, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 tomato, diced, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed, 1 can black beans, rinsed and drained, 14 cup diced pickled jalapenos, Chopped fresh cilantro leaves, to garnish, CilantroLime Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 13 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons honey mustard, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Chicken Tostada with Corn, Pickled Jalapenos and Black Beans, picturelink: Sp1wuExqSrWV8dugbXxwhFH46SH.86a}, 43667: {instructions: Combine 13 cup of the orange juice, the achiote paste, jalapenos, garlic, peppercorns and salt in a blender or food processor. Puree until the peppercorns are completely crushed. Add the cilantro and the remaining 13 cup orange juice and puree until smooth., ingredients: [23 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup achiote paste, 2 to 3 jalapeno chiles stemmed and seeded if desired, 7 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 bunch cilantro, stems and leaves], title: Achiote Citrus Marinade, picturelink: null}, 43668: {instructions: Preheat grill or grill pan.nWorking in batches, cut potatoes into 18inch thick rounds and in a large bowl toss with oil, dill, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste. Grill potato rounds in batches over moderate heat, turning them occasionally, until tender, about 10 minutes, and transfer them to another large bowl. Alternatively, roast potatoes in a 450 degree oven: Arrange half of oiled potatoes, lightly overlapping, in 2 large shallow baking pans and roast in upper and lower thirds of oven, turning them occasionally, until golden and tender, about 15 minutes. Roast remaining potatoes in the same manner, ingredients: [14 medium red potatoes about 4 pounds, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons dried dill, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, Kosher salt to taste, Freshly courseground black pepper to taste], title: Grilled Herbed Red Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 43669: {instructions: Place 6 eggs in a pot and cover with cold water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer 10 minutes. Drain and run under cold water. Peel the eggs and halve lengthwise scoop out the yolks. Put the whites in a bowl and toss with 12 cup hot sauce such as Franks and 14 cup water refrigerate 1 hour. Mash the yolks with 13 cup mayonnaise and 14 cup crumbled blue cheese season with salt and pepper. Drain the whites, pat dry and fill with the yolk mixture. Top with more blue cheese, sliced celery and more hot sauce., ingredients: [], title: Blue Deviled Eggs, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 43670: {instructions: Prepare the French fries according to the package directions. Remove the fries from the oven and season with salt and pepper.nCombine the garlic, olive oil, cherry peppers and parsley in a bowl. Stir to mix well.nTransfer the fries to a shallow serving bowl or a large plate. Top the fries with half of the mozzarella and Parmesan. Sprinkle the salami, pepperoni, prosciutto and mortadella on top. Top with the remaining mozzarella and Parmesan. Spoon the cherry pepper mixture over the top and sprinkle with the oregano. Serve right away while warm., ingredients: [One 20 to 24ounce bag frozen French fries, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cherry peppers, finely minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 4 slices salami, chopped, 6 slices pepperoni, chopped, 2 slices prosciutto, chopped, 2 slices mortadella, chopped, 12 teaspoon dried oregano], title: Yo Yo Yo Fries, picturelink: UfmHVZTTJPzbrDLfOZWyZQ3.OUf95KO}, 43671: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a heavy large saucepan of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the orzo and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a heavy large frying pan over medium heat. Add the shallot and garlic, and saute until tender, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook until they are tender, about 8 minutes. Stir in the cream and peas. Add the orzo and toss to coat. Remove the skillet from the heat. Add the Parmesan to the pasta mixture and toss to coat. Stir the pasta mixture until the sauce coats the pasta thickly, adding enough reserved cooking liquid to maintain a creamy consistency. Season the orzo with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [34 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound orzo riceshaped pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, juices drained, 1 14 cups whipping cream, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed], title: Creamy Orzo, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 43672: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the casings from the sausages. Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the sausage meat. Cook, breaking up the meat into small pieces, until browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Drain on a paper towel lined plate and set aside to cool while you cook the vegetables. Wipe out any excess fat from the pan with paper towels.nHeat 1 tablespoon of oil in the same skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots, celery, and onion. Season with salt and pepper and add the sage. Cook until the vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool a bit.nCrumble the corn muffins into a large bowl. Put in the cooled sausage and vegetables. Add the eggs and 14 cup chicken stock. Using your hands, mix well adding more stock if the stuffing is too dry. Spray a 2quart ovenproof baking dish with cooking spray. Put the stuffing into the dish and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until the top is browned and crispy., ingredients: [2 hot Italian sausages, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup chopped carrot, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 cup chopped onion, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch fresh sage, leaves chopped, 4 large corn muffins, 3 large eggs, 12 cup, chicken stock, plus more if needed, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Worlds Best Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: TfV0T0gBrVnUpuDZautoFxm9z6TbFVu}, 43673: {instructions: Toss the pork with 12 tablespoon vinegar and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons vinegar, the soy sauce, cornstarch, ketchup, 3 tablespoons sugar, 13 cup water and 12 teaspoon salt in another bowl.nHeat 2 tablespoons peanut oil in a large skillet or wok over high heat. Add the pork and slowly stir until it turns mostly opaque, about 2 minutes. Remove the pork with a slotted spoon and transfer to a plate. Discard the oil and wipe out the skillet.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon peanut oil in the skillet, then stirfry the garlic with a pinch each of salt and sugar, 15 seconds. Add the carrots and scallions and stirfry until crisptender, 2 minutes. Add a little water if the garlic starts to stick to the skillet. Add the pork, snow peas and soy sauce mixture stir until the pork is cooked through and the sauce is thickened, about 3 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound pork tenderloin, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 3 tablespoons sugar, plus a pinch, 3 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 carrots, thinly sliced, 3 scallions, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 cups snow peas, cut in half], title: Sweet and Sour Pork, picturelink: FbrJvw3g6WsXCmqaXogMXNaMeirLAdO}, 43674: {instructions: For fresh tomatoes:nScore the skins with a sharp knife in an X on the bottom of each tomato. Place the tomatoes in boiling water for 30 seconds, then transfer to ice water bath to cool. Peel, halve, and slice tomatoes, and reserve.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the squash with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Arrange the squash on a baking sheet and roast 25 to 30 minutes, until tender and brown at edges.nHeat 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet with tight fitting lid. Add the peppers, onions, garlic, ginger, and season with salt and pepper, sweat out the vegetables a few minutes then add the eggplant, curry, chile powder, and cardamom. Stir to toast and combine, then cover the pot and cook 12 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until eggplant is tender. Stir in the roast squash, tomatoes, chutney, and stock. Cool and store for makeahead meal.nIf serving immediately, start the rice a few minutes after the squash goes into the oven. Otherwise, reheat the curry over medium heat, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes after you start cooking the rice. To prepare the rice, follow package directions adding lime zest or leaves to water before rice, add the scallions to the rice and lime juice when the rice is done and you fluff with fork.nServe curry on bed of lime and green onion rice with extra chutney for mixing in., ingredients: [3 to 4 plum tomatoes OR 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes or stewed tomatoes, 1 to 1 14 pounds peeled kuri, pumpkin or butternut squash, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 3 mild red frying peppers or 2 small red bell peppers, seeded and quartered lengthwise then thinly sliced, 2 small onions or 1 large, quartered lengthwise and thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 1inch piece fresh gingerroot, peeled and grated, 1 small firm eggplant, diced into bitesize pieces 1 to 1 14 pounds, 2 tablespoons West Indian curry powder a couple of scant palmfuls, 1 tablespoon chile powder a palmful, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom 13 palmful, 12 cup mango chutney, plus some more to pass at table, 2 cups chicken stock, Red rice, cooked according to package directions, or brown rice, Zest and juice of 1 lime or Kaffir lime leaves, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced on an angle], title: Eggplant and Squash Curry, picturelink: gB1o84wQzSBXjrvavrxv0SDOJ3hpfq}, 43675: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace a large, heavy bottomed skillet on the stove and heat pan over moderate to high flame. Salt and pepper the shanks and coat lightly and evenly in flour. Working in 2 batches, brown shanks in 1 12 tablespoons each butter and olive oil. Transfer shanks to a large roasting pan. Add remaining butter and oil to the pan and saute the root vegetables and crushed garlic 5 minutes, seasoning them with rosemary, allspice, salt and pepper. Add wine to the pan and reduce 2 to 3 minutes, lifting pan drippings up off the bottom of your pot. Add tomatoes, chicken stock and white beans to the pan and remove from heat. Stir to combine sauce. Pour sauce and vegetables evenly over shanks. Cover roasting pan tightly and roast for 1 12 to 2 hours, until meat is very tender and pulling easily from bone. Baste meat in juices and sauce every 12 hour. In the last 12 hour, add lemon rinds to sauce.nCombine lemon zest, garlic, anchovies and parsley in a large pile. Mill the mixture with your knife into a finely chopped condiment.nTo serve, place shank in a rimmed plate and spoon juices, beans and vegetable bits over and around meat. Top with a generous sprinkle of gremolata. Serve with Sauteed dark greens and crusty bread andor garlic lemon potatoes.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees. Cut ends of garlic bulbs off to expose cloves. Coat the bulbs lightly with a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil, about 1 tablespoon. Wrap bulbs in a double layer of tin foil and place packets in a hot oven. If preparing with above menu, place cloves in oven half way through cooking process of Osso Buco. Roast garlic 45 minutes. Remove bulbs from oven, unwrap and let cool 10 minutes.nBoil potatoes in salted water for 12 minutes, until fork tender. Drain and return cooked potatoes to the hot pot to dry them out. Add halfandhalf, butter and chicken stock to the pan. Squeeze roasted garlic into the potato pot and mash with a masher into a slightly lumpy consistency. Add the juice of 1 lemon and salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [10 meaty veal shanks, 2 to 3 inches thick, Salt and pepper, 12 to 23 cup allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons butter, divided, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 large carrots, peeled and cut into a fine dice, 4 ribs celery, chopped, 6 to 8 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, stripped and finely chopped, about 2 tablespoons, 12 teaspoon allspice, 2 cups white wine, 1 28ounce can chunky style crushed tomatoes, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 14ounce cans, cannelloni beans, drained, 1 lemon, rind cut into pieces, 2 lemons, zested, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 6 anchovy fillets in oil, drained, 1 cup flat leaf parsley leaves, 3 handfuls, Garlic Lemon Potatoes, recipe follows, 2 bulbs garlic, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 3 12 pounds white skinned medium potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, 14 to 12 cup halfandhalf or more, if needed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and pepper], title: Osso Buco, picturelink: nAIqdFd0d5ue3GFFTz1NKXwHPSB00i}, 43676: {instructions: For the cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch baking dish.nIn a large bowl, mix 2 cups flour, oats, brown sugar, baking soda and salt. Slowly mix in the butter until the mixture is crumbly. Transfer half of the mixture to the prepared baking dish and bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Pull from the oven let cool for a few minutes.nMix the remaining 3 tablespoons flour with the caramel until smooth. Layer the chocolate, nuts and caramel on the baked cookie base. Add the caramel last. Add the remaining unbaked crumble on top and bake an additional 12 minutes. Pull when slightly browning on top.nFor the candied nuts: In a saucepan over medium heat, reduce 12 cup water and the sugar until it starts to crystallize or comes close to evaporation. Stir in the cinnamon, salt and vanilla. Add the nuts and continue to mix until coated. Remove from the heat and let cool.nFor the whipped cream: Using a stand mixer with a whisk attachment or whisk by hand, whisk the heavy cream to soft peaks. Slowly add in the sugar and vanilla and whip until just stiff peaks. Adjust sweetness if necessary with more sugar.nSlice the cookie into bars and serve each piece topped with whipped cream and candied nuts.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing, 2 cups plus 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups oats, 1 12 cups brown sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 ounces caramel sauce, from a jar, 1 cup chopped semisweet chocolate, 12 cup chopped pecans, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup pecans, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, plus more if needed to sweeten, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Caramelito Cookies with Vanilla Whipped Cream and Candied Nuts, picturelink: HyEydaw.5YJruzEoalnM4nlAf0NXTi}, 43677: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd the butter to a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once melted and foaming, add the onion, celery, and garlic and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Season the mixture with salt and pepper. Add the sausage to the pan and immediately begin breaking it up with the back of a wooden spoon so it will cook down and crumble. Cook the sausage until its browned, about 6 minutes, then add the cranberries, sage, rosemary and thyme and cook for 1 to 2 more minutes. Stir in the white wine and use your wooden spoon to scrape up the bottom of the pan for any stuck bits. Let cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat.nAdd the bread cubes to a large bowl and add the chicken broth, beaten egg, sausage mixture, and chopped parsley and stir all together so all the bread is soft and moistened. Let cool as you prep the turkey.nLay the turkey breast skinsidedown on your work surface and season the meat with salt and pepper. Add a layer of the stuffing about 12inch thick across the turkey breast, leaving a 12inch border. The extra stuffing can be placed in an 8inchby8inchbuttered casserole dish and baked the last 40 minutes of cooking.nCarefully roll the turkey up into a cylinder. Tie the roll with butchers twine with about 1inch between each knot. Trim the strings after tying. Place the turkey seamsidedown on a baking sheet covered with foil and fitted with a baking rack. Drizzle the turkey with olive oil, rub into the skin, then season well with salt and pepper.nPlace in the oven and roast for 1 hour 15 minutes, or until an instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the roll reads 155 degrees F. Remove the turkey from the oven and let rest, loosely tented with foil for 15 minutes. The turkey will rise in temperature as it rests to 165 degrees F. Snip the butchers twine and slice the roll into 1inch thick slices, place on a platter, and garnish with fresh rosemary and sage., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 large onion, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 sweet Italian sausages 8 ounces, casings removed, 34 cup dried cranberries, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 cup white wine, One 1pound French rustic loaf, cut into 1inch cubes, dried or toasted or 9 cups storebought, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 egg, beaten, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, One 4pound turkey breast, boned and butterflied, Olive oil], title: Stuffed Turkey Breast, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 43678: {instructions: In a blender, combine papaya, nectar, vinegar, ginger and sugar, and blend until smooth. With motor running, pour in olive oil in slow, steady stream until incorporated. Pour into a bowl, stir in mint and refrigerate, covered until ready to use. Pour over fresh fruit and garnish with mint leaves., ingredients: [1 papaya, peeled, seeded and cut into chunks, 34 cup canned papaya nectar, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon sugar, 13 cup olive oil, Assorted fresh fruit, sliced, 1 bunch mint, chopped fine reserve some whole leaves for garnish], title: Papaya Mint Dressing Over Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 43679: {instructions: Set a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and half of the peeled and sliced apples. Cook, stirring constantly, until the apples are wilted and slightly caramelized, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the maple syrup, apple cider, and salt. Bring to a simmer, and then reduce the heat and cook until the apples start to fall apart and the texture becomes like applesauce, 6 to 8 minutes.nFold in the remaining raw apple slices so you have the crisp texture combined with the cooked apples. Fold together and set aside to cool before serving. Serve with fresh ricotta and popovers., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 medium Gala apples, peeled and sliced, divided, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 34 cup apple cider, 1 pinch kosher salt], title: Sauteed Gala Apples, picturelink: r4O8TGeV93iyTBdNC2NcIP7YLvE6S}, 43680: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Generously sprinkle both sides of the breasts with the taco seasoning. Heat the oil and butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the chicken on both sides until deep golden brown on the outside and done in the middle or to an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 4 minutes per side. Set aside to cool for 5 minutes.nFor the dressing: While the chicken is cooking, pour the ranch dressing into a bowl. Add the salsa and cilantro and stir to combine.nFor the salad: Next, place the ears of corn in the skillet you used to cook the chicken and roll them around so that the flavorful oilbutter mixture coats the corn. Grill on a grill pan or cook in a separate skillet until the corn is still crisp but has color on the outside. Slice off the kernels with a sharp knife and set aside. Dice the chicken into cubes.nOn a platter, layer the shredded lettuce, diced chicken, tomatoes, cheese, corn, avocados, green onions, cilantro and crushed chips. Drizzle the dressing all over the top, saving some to serve on the side if youd like. Serve the salad in individual bowls., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons taco seasoning storebought or your own mix, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 34 cup ranch dressing bottled is fine, 14 cup salsa as spicy as youd like, 3 tablespoons finely minced fresh cilantro, 2 ears corn, shucked, 1 large head or 2 regular heads green leaf lettuce, shredded thin, 3 Roma tomatoes, diced, 12 cup grated pepperjack cheese, 2 avocados, diced, 3 green onions, sliced, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, Tortilla chips of your choice flavored or not, crushed slightly, for topping salad], title: Chicken Taco Salad, picturelink: sT6qWoGW.4dTEoT4V1SSV1kRmKa}, 43681: {instructions: Preheat grill to high. Brush tomatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill and grill until charred on all sides. Coarsely chop the tomatoes and then place in a food process with the garlic, 14 cup of the olive oil, and the pine nuts. Process until smooth. Transfer to a bowl, stir in the thyme, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes.nBrush each slice of bread with the remaining oil on both sides, season with salt and pepper, and grill until lightly golden brown, about 30 seconds on each side. Remove the bread from the grill, brush 1 side of each slice with the pureed tomato mixture, and top each with a slice of prosciutto. Serve., ingredients: [8 ripe plum tomatoes, 12 cup Spanish olive oil, divided, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 16 12inch thick slices Ciabatta or crusty countrystyle bread, 16 thin slices prosciutto], title: Tomato Bread with Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 43682: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir together the cookies, pecan halves, raisins, and cherries.nPlace a piece of parchment inside an 8 by 8inch baking dish. Parchment should hang over the edges all around. Alternatively, you can butter the dish on all sides.nPlace a large saucepan or deep skillet on low heat, melt 2 sticks of butter then add in the brown sugar. Stir until the sugar has dissolved. Bring to a simmer. Stir to make sure the sugar is melted and cook for 1 more minute.nAdd the butter mixture to the cookies, pecans, raisins and cherries. Stir until combined. Pour the warm mixture into the prepared baking pan. Spread evenly with a spatula or the back of a large spoon.nPlace a medium saucepan of water, about 2 cups, onto a medium heat. Then place a heatproof bowl over it to create a double boiler. Add the chocolate chips to the bowl. Allow the chocolate to sit for 1 minute over the heat. When it starts to melt, stir until its completely melted. Pour the melted chocolate over top of the pecan mixture. Spread out evenly. Place the mixture into the refrigerator for about 1 hour or into the freezer for 10 minutes to set the chocolate.nOnce set, tip out onto a cutting board, peel off the parchment and with a sharp knife cut the slab into small squares and serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups packaged chocolate chip cookies, crushed into bitesize bits, 3 cups pecan halves, 1 cup raisins, 12 cup glazed cherries, 1 cup unsalted butter 2 sticks, 1 cup light brown sugar, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips], title: Cookie and Pecan Bars, picturelink: null}, 43683: {instructions: For the pickled peaches: Combine the maple syrup and vinegar in a nonreactive medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat. Stir in the peaches and cook until soft. Remove from the heat and let the peaches sit in the liquid for at least 15 minutes. Remove the peaches with a slotted spoon to a small bowl. Reserve the cooking liquid for the caramel.nFor the pickled peach bourbon caramel: Cook the reserved pickling liquid over high heat until reduced to about 12 cup. Add the maple syrup and butter and cook until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes.nRemove the pan from the heat, add the bourbon, carefully return the pan to the heat, bring to a boil and cook the alcohol off, about 5 minutes longer.nFor the cream cheese filling: Whisk together the cream cheese, mascarpone, peach preserves, honey and cinnamon until smooth. Cover and let sit at room temperature while you make the French toast.nFor the French toast: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSet a baking rack in a rimmed baking sheet. Spread out the bread in a single layer and bake to stale, about 15 minutes. Alternatively, slice the bread the night before, place on a baking rack set on a baking sheet and let stale on the counter overnight. Remove the bread and let cool. Increase the heat of the oven to 350 degrees F. Set aside the baking sheet and baking rack.nHeat the oil in a small pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until golden brown and the fat has rendered, about 10 minutes. Remove the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels.nWhisk together the eggs, yolks, granulated sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and salt in a baking dish until smooth. Whisk in the heavy cream, milk and bourbon until combined.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the butter and 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat until it begins to shimmer. Dip 4 slices of the bread into the custard mixture and let sit until soaked through, this should take at least 1 minute per side. Remove the slices with a slotted spatula and let the excess custard run off. Place 3 or 4 slices in the pan at a time depending on how large your pan is and cook until the bottom of the bread is golden brown, about 3 minutes. Flip over and continue cooking until the bottom is golden brown and the center is cooked through, about 3 minutes more. Transfer to the prepared baking and place in the oven. Repeat with the remaining butter, oil and bread. Bake the French toast in the oven for 5 minutes.nRemove the French toast from the oven and spread the cream cheese filling on 4 of the French toast slices, Top with the remaining 4 slices and transfer to plates. Top with some of the pickled peaches, drizzle with the bourbon caramel and garnish with some of the bacon. Dust with confectioners sugar and garnish with mint sprigs, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup Grade B pure maple syrup, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 3 ripe peaches, peeled, pitted and sliced into eighths, 14 cup Grade B pure maple syrup, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup bourbon, 3 ounces cream cheese, such as Philadelphia, at room temperature, 3 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons peach preserves, 1 tablespoon clover honey, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Eight 12inchthick slices challah bread, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 4 slices thickcut bacon, cut into lardons, 6 large eggs plus 2 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Confectionersu00bf sugar, for garnish, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Stuffed French Toast with Pickled Peaches and Bourbon Caramel, picturelink: tGMV5lG1mSSx1Cm8q1nqfhTTzuYDai}, 43684: {instructions: Throw the apples, apple juice and lemon juice into a pan and bring it to the boil over mediumhigh heat. Lower the heat and simmer until the apples are soft, about 15 minutes. Stir through the sugar and mix until melted. Add the cinnamon and stir through.nPuree the mixture in a food processor, blender or food mill. If not using right away, leave to cool and then refrigerate., ingredients: [6 pounds mixed apple varieties Gala, Honeycrisp, Golden Delicious, peeled, cored and cut into eighths, 1 cup apple juice or water, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Applesauce, picturelink: 9gI2x8rsHoIZyzF6QSI9QibHIvOt2.}, 43685: {instructions: Heat large pot with oil. Add onion and garlic and saute over medium heat. When garlic browns, remove and discard. Add cuttlefish. Season with salt and pepper and cook for a few minutes. Add wine. Raise heat and allow wine to evaporate. Squeeze black ink sac into casserole with 2 to 3 tablespoons water. Cook for 20 minutes. In the meantime, cook risotto by heating oil, adding onions and saute for 3 minutes add rice to casserole and continue cooking. Add stock gradually, mixing continuously until rice is cooked. Add butter and mix well. Add Allow to set a couple of minutes before finishing with seppiolini., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, 17 12ounce each cuttlefish, cleaned and cut into strips and ink sac saved, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 cups fish stock, 1 13 cups vialone nanno rice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Black Risotto con Seppiolini Risotto with Small Cuttlefish, picturelink: null}, 43686: {instructions: Toast the frozen waffles according to package directions and let them cool. Remove the ice cream from the freezer and allow it to soften a bit. Slice the raspberries in half.nSpread some ice cream evenly over 2 waffles. Cover 1 with raspberry halves. Press a wafer cookie gently onto the other. Gently press the 2 halves together to form a club sandwich. Put it into the freezer while you make the rest.nSpread the chocolate chips and sprinkles onto plates. Remove the sandwiches from the freezer. Press 2 edges of each sandwich into the chocolate chips and the other 2 edges into the multicolor sprinkles. Carefully cut them in half using a serrated knife, put them onto plates, and drizzle with the raspberry coulis.n1 10ounce bag frozen raspberriesn12 cup sugarn1 teaspoon fresh lemon juicenPut the frozen berries, sugar, and lemon juice into a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring often to mash the berries, until their juices are released. Press through a sieve to strain out the seeds. Cool and refrigerate. Will keep, covered, in the refrigerator for 3 days.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [8 frozen waffles, 1 pint ice cream of your choice, 12 pint raspberries, 4 thin, crispy wafer cookies, Mini chocolate chips or sprinkles, Multicolor sprinkles, Raspberry coulis, to serve, recipe follows], title: Ice Cream Club Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 43687: {instructions: Set a baking sheet on the middle oven rack preheat to 425 degrees F. Scatter the ham and cheese in the pie crust. Whisk the eggs, halfandhalf, chives, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl pour into the crust. Transfer to the hot baking sheet and bake until the eggs are set and the top is lightly browned, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk the vinegar and mustard in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in the olive oil until smooth. Add the greens and mushrooms toss well to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Cut the quiche into wedges and serve with the salad.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [6 ounces smoked ham, cut into 14inch cubes about 1 cup, 1 cup shredded gruyere cheese about 4 ounces, 1 9inch pie crust, thawed if frozen, 3 large eggs, 1 14 cups halfandhalf, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 5ounce package mesclun greens about 8 cups, 4 white mushrooms, very thinly sliced], title: Ham and Gruyere Quiche, picturelink: kyWYO8WbGUzeoDgjvZT1Cbzqb94KKc2}, 43688: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy, large pot over medium heat. Add the onions, potatoes, yams, garlic, tomatillos and poblanos. Cover and sweat until the onions are tender, stirring often to prevent browning, about 8 minutes. Mix in the oregano, flour, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Add the hominy with the juices and the broth and bring the chili to a simmer.nPlace the green chiles in a processor. Using tongs, transfer strips of the poblano chile from the pot to the processor blend just until smooth. Scrape the chile sauce into the pot.nCover and simmer the chili 20 minutes. Uncover and simmer until the potatoes and yams are tender and the chili is reduced to desired consistency, stirring often, 20 to 25 minutes longer. Season with more salt and pepper if desired.nLadle the chili into bowls. Serve with garnishes and Buttermilk and Sour Cream Corn Bread.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Butter a 9by9by2inch metal baking pan.nBlend the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a processor for 5 seconds. Add the butter cubes. Blend until the butter is reduced to tiny pieces, 15 to 20 seconds. Whisk the buttermilk, sour cream and eggs in a large bowl to blend. Add the dry ingredients from the processor and stir until evenly moistened. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan.nBake the corn bread until the top is golden brown and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool the bread on a rack at least 30 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup chopped onion, One 8ounce Yukon gold potato, peeled and cut into 13inch cubes, One 8ounce yam redskinned sweet potato, peeled and cut into 13inch cubes, 4 large cloves garlic, flattened, peeled and chopped, 4 large tomatillos 8 to 9 ounces, husked, rinsed, cored and chopped, 2 large poblano chiles 8 to 9 ounces, stemmed, seeded 1 diced, 1 cut into 4 strips, 2 tablespoons dried Mexican oregano, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 28ounce can hominy with juices preferably golden, 1 cup vegetable broth, One 7ounce can diced mild green chiles, Garnishes, such as crumbled feta cheese, chopped green onions, sliced avocados, lime wedges and chopped serrano chiles, Buttermilk and Sour Cream Corn Bread, recipe follows, 12 cup 1 stick chilled unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, plus more for greasing, 2 cups yellow cornmeal, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 13 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs], title: Vegetarian Chili Verde, picturelink: jTSa8URLaNdSnZaD8ebo1cgmv4k0DwO}, 43689: {instructions: Set zucchini in a colander, sprinkle with salt and drain for 1 hour. Squeeze out excess moisture from zucchini then cook it for a few minutes in olive oil. Season to taste from salt and pepper and set aside to cool slightly.nIn a mixing bowl combine the eggs with the milk, feta cheese, parsley, dill, and bread crumbs. Add the cooked zucchini and adjust the seasoning, using lots of pepper.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9 by 13inch deep baking pan. Layer a sheet of phyllo so that it overlaps baking pan and extends beyond the rim. Brush the sheet very lightly with melted butter and cover with another phyllo sheet. Continue this way until half of the phyllo has been used. Add the zucchini and spread it out evenly. Fold overhanging phyllo up over the squash filling and brush with melted butter. Lay remaining phyllo leaves on top, again brushing melted butter between the layers. Brush top well with butter, score top layers with a sharp knife and bake for an hour. Cool and serve with a green salad or a vegetable salad of green beans, tomatoes and olives., ingredients: [3 pounds small zucchini, trimmed, washed and grated coarsely, Salt, 14 cup olive oil, 5 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup milk, 34 pound feta cheese, crumbled into peasized pieces, 14 cup each chopped Italian parsley and fresh dill, 14 cup toasted bread crumbs, Freshly ground black pepper, Melted butter 14 pound for brushing leaves of phyllo, 34 pound phyllo leaves], title: Feta Phyllo and Zucchini Pie, picturelink: null}, 43690: {instructions: Pate Brisee: Mound the flour on a work surface. Using your fingers, make a well in the center. Place the butter, egg, sugar, salt, and milk in the well. Pinch the wet ingredients together with your right hand, then gradually draw the flour into the well with your left, mixing it into the wet ingredients with your right hand as you go. Knead the dough by pushing it in sections against the work surface, pushing firmly away from you and down with the heel of your hand. Gather the dough back up, form into a ball, wrap in waxed paper or plastic wrap, and chill at least 2 hours before using.nRoll out and place inside a 10inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Weigh down the dough with pie weights and bake in a preheated 375 degree F oven for 35 to 30 minutes or until blond. Remove the weights and bake an additional 10 to 15 minutes or until medium brown.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, whisk the eggs. Whisk in the sugar, corn syrup, and melted butter. Place the prebaked crust on a cookie sheet. Sprinkle in the toasted pecans and chocolate pieces. Pour the egg mixture gently over the pecans and chocolate. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes, until the filling is set and slightly risen.nLet cool in the pan to room temperature. Remove the sides of the pan. Refrigerate at least 2 hours, or until ready to serve, up to 24 hours. Slice the pie with a serrated knife as it comes out of the refrigerator, but let warm to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces and slightly softened at room temperature, 1 egg, Pinch sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon cold whole, 1 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 2 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups pecan halves, toasted and cooled, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped or semisweet chocolate morsels], title: Chocolate Pecan Pie, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 43691: {instructions: Drain the sauerkraut in colander. Rinse the sauerkraut with water and squeeze out the extra moisture. In a small skillet, over medium heat, saute the bacon and onion until the onions become translucent. Pour the vegetable oil into a 4quart saucepan. Add 1 quart of the sauerkraut, the caraway seeds, another 1 quart of sauerkraut, the bacon and onion mixture, the sugar, applesauce, and bay leaf. Cover and simmer on low heat for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring frequently. Transfer the sauerkraut mixture to a container and refrigerate until cool.nThousand Island dressing:nAdd all the ingredients to a bowl and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nReuben:nButter 2 slices of fresh rye bread and put them on the flat top grill. Put a slice of Swiss cheese to each piece of bread. Apply the desired amount of Thousand Island dressing and sauerkraut on each slice. Heat 4 ounces of thinly sliced corned beef on the flat top. Arrange the hot corned beef on top of 1 slice of bread. Transfer the bread slices to a cutting board and make a sandwich. Slice in half and serve., ingredients: [2 quarts sauerkraut, 1 slice bacon, diced, 12 cup diced yellow onion, 18 cup vegetable oil, 18 teaspoon whole caraway seeds, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup sweetened applesauce, 1 whole bay leaf, 2 cups mayonnaise, 4 ounces sweet relish, 4 ounces ketchup, Butter, room temperature, 2 slices rye bread, 1 slice Swiss cheese, 4 ounces thinly sliced corned beef], title: Reuben, picturelink: null}, 43692: {instructions: Combine cornstarch, sugar, water, and coconut milk. Stir until smooth. Stir over medium heat until thickened. Lower heat and continue cooking for 10 minutes. Stir in fresh pineapple and pour into a flat pan. Refrigerate until set., ingredients: [1 12 cups coconut milk, 1 12 cups water, 12 cup sugar, 34 cup corn starch, 12 cup chopped fresh pineapple], title: Haupia with Pineapple, picturelink: 4LxqyFVj8GGsKSx7z27DNbCBMFC0zW}, 43693: {instructions: Early in the day, place the limes in s small bowl and microwave them for about 3 minutes to release the essential oils. Set aside briefly until they are just cool enough to handle. Rinse the quail and dry with paper towels. Set the quail in a nonreactive bowl and squeeze the lime juice over, and then season generously with freshly ground black pepper. Let sit refrigerated for about 3 or 4 hours.nWhile the quail are marinating, make the sauce. Heat the olive oil over medium high heat in a medium saute pan and saute the shallots until translucent. Deglaze the pan with the red wine, and stir in figs and dates and let sauce reduce by half. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper as needed.nOn the episode, the quail were roasted over a spit. If you have a rotisserie arrangement you can roast them that way. Otherwise, preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Combine olive oil with rosemary, thyme, and salt, and rub over surface of the quail. Roast until tender but still juicy, about 20 minutes. Remove and let rest. Serve with fig and date sauce., ingredients: [2 fresh limes, 8 whole quail these are normally between 4 and 8 ounces each, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 shallots, minced, 1 cup dry red wine, 8 fresh figs, chopped, 8 dates, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Queens Choice Quail with Fig and Date Sauce, picturelink: j3r6k4KLmmcdjYpp7LVoPgICNpceS}, 43694: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 32ounce bottlesnRinse and pick over the cranberries, discarding any leaves and stems. With a paring knife, make an X in the skin of each cranberry.nHeat the vinegar in a saucepan until just steaming. Using a funnel, add a quarter of the cranberries to a clear wine bottle, then add 3 sprigs of thyme. Repeat 3 more times with the remaining cranberries and thyme in 3 more bottles. Fill the bottles to the top with the vinegar and cool completely, uncovered. Cover and allow to sit in a cool, dark place for at least 2 weeks, gently shaking every few days to help the vinegar to completely infuse., ingredients: [One 12ounce bag fresh cranberries, 2 cups distilled white vinegar, 12 sprigs fresh thyme], title: Cranberry Vinegar, picturelink: 26bbeNSLdoKeUdje1Yv70W0RipNtx.}, 43695: {instructions: Mix flour, salt and sugar, mix and then add yeast. Add the butter, egg, milk and cumin. Mix until smooth, cover and let rest for 1 hour at room temperature to rise. Mix duck, plums, walnuts and remaining ingredients place on stove and simmer for 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Let cool. Roll out dough to 18inch thick and cut into 3inch circles. Place 1 teaspoon of mixture in the center of each circle, fold over and crimp edges. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10 minutes until golden brown. Serve with sour cream and grilled apples., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 sugar, 1 teaspoon dried yeast, 2 tablespoons softened butter, 1 egg beaten, 6 tablespoons warm milk, 1 teaspoon cumin, 6 ounces chopped duck confit, 3 ounces chopped plums, 3 ounces toasted chopped walnuts, 2 ounces chicken stock, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 2 oranges juiced and zested], title: Pirozhki, picturelink: null}, 43696: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nPlace oats and sliced almonds on a baking sheet. Toast in oven for 10 minutes. Set aside. Turn the oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace raisins, apricots, oats, and almonds in a food processor. Pulse about 10 times until coarsely chopped. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a heavyduty mixer fitted with a paddle, beat the butter, brown sugar, molasses and egg until light and fluffy.nIn a separate bowl, combine both flours, dry milk, wheat germ, baking powder, baking soda, vanilla, and salt. Add to the creamed mixture. Add the milk and mix thoroughly. Add dried fruit mixture.nButter a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking pan. Pour in the batter and spread evenly. Bake for about 30 minutes, until set. Cool in the pan. Cut into 18 1 by 4inch bars.nTo store, wrap bars individually in plastic wrap. Will keep for about 1 week. For longer storage, freeze for up to 3 months., ingredients: [1 cup quickcooking oats, 12 cup sliced almonds, 12 cup dark raisins, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup dried apricots, 13 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup golden molasses, 1 egg, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 14 cup wholewheat flour, 12 cup nonfat dry milk, 14 cup toasted wheat germ, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon vanilla, Pinch gray salt, 12 cup milk 2 percent is preferable, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Michaels Energy Bars, picturelink: 2dTUxg7nhUUwtnJR9kmS4m6T1CbbI1S}, 43697: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the cabbage in half and remove the stem. Using a mandoline or a chefs knife, slice the cabbage about 14inch thick and place in large bowl.nHeat the olive oil in a medium skillet over low heat. Add the garlic and saute until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the vinegar, mustard, honey and 1 tablespoon water, and whisk to combine. Remove from heat and add the caraway seeds. Pour the vinaigrette over the sliced cabbage, season with salt and pepper, and toss to coat. Cover with a lid or plastic wrap and let sit for 10 to 15 minutes to wilt the cabbage. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 head purple cabbage, 12 cup olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, Salt and fresh ground pepper], title: Honey Mustard Slaw, picturelink: tc41ifR1vxusqznCSYLd38moW4rEtG}, 43698: {instructions: Microwave sweet potatoes on HIGH 7 minutes or until almost tender, turning sweet potatoes over halfway through cooking. Let stand 2 minutes. Cut sweet potatoes into wedges.nGrill ribs over indirect medium heat with lid closed 1 to 1 12 hours or until tender, turning occasionally. Brush with some of the BBQ Sauce during last 10 minutes of cooking. Grill sweet potatoes over medium heat 2 minutes per side or until lightly browned, brushing with remaining BBQ Sauce.nCopyright u00a9 2011 McCormick  Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes, pierced with fork, 4 pounds pork baby back ribs, 1 cup McCormicku00ae Grill Matesu00ae Brown Sugar Bourbon BBQ Sauce], title: Brown Sugar Bourbon Ribs with Grilled Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: AVuEVLj9f4FcfAmWqLCvViYqHPNZrgy}, 43699: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the tomatoes in a large bowl with the olive oil, thyme, garlic, salt and pepper. Transfer to a baking sheet cut side up and roast until soft and juicy, about 20 minutes. Serve.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [8 ripe plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 to 5 fresh thyme sprigs, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 43700: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Boil the potatoes until fork tender and let cool. Heat up half the olive oil in a saucepan. Add the diced pancetta and chopped onions. Cook until the onions are golden in color and the pancetta is crisp. In a mixing bowl, mash the potatoes. Add an egg, the cooked onions and pancetta, the grated Parmigiano cheese, Parmigiano chunks and salt, and black pepper, to taste. Mix well until all the ingredients are evenly distributed. Grease a baking dish with the remaining olive oil and add half the bread crumbs to the base of the dish and set aside. Transfer the potato mixture to the baking dish and spread the mixture evenly over the pan, packing the mixture so it serves as a solid bed. Add the remaining breadcrumbs on top. Bake for 20 minutes or until the breadcrumbs are golden brown., ingredients: [6 potatoes, peeled, 4 tablespoons60 ml extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup250 ml pancetta, diced, 1 onion, coarsely chopped, 1 egg, 12 cup125 ml freshly grated Pecorino cheese, 12 cup125 ml freshly grated Parmigiano cheese, 12 cup125 ml Parmigiano, cut into chunks, 1 cup 250 ml breadcrumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Gateau di Patate: Potato Cake, picturelink: null}, 43701: {instructions: Heat the oil in a pressure cooker and fry the onion, garlic, savory, and 14 teaspoon of the chipotle sauce over high heat, stirring often so as not to scorch them, for 2 minutes. Stir in the soaked beans and pour the boiling water over all. Attach the lid and bring to full pressure. When the pressure is up, reduce the heat to low and cook for 9 minutes. Remove from the heat and release the steam immediately under cold running water.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nPour the beans through a strainer, reserving the liquid in a large bowl. Put 2 cups of cooked beans into a bowl and mash roughly with a fork. Stir in 1 teaspoon of the chipotle sauce, the sliced cilantro leaves, 18 teaspoon salt. Add the diced jicama and 2 cups of whole beans to the seasoned mashed beans in the bowl and mix well.nSpray 4 MEV molds or other 1 cup molds with vegetable oil spray. Lay 1 large cilantro leaf in the bottom of each mold and arrange the roasted red bell pepper strips over the bottom and up the sides. Fill each mold with the beans and jicama mixture and press down. Bake for 20 minutes or until heated through.nFor the sauce: Whiz the tomatoes, reserved roasted peppers, remaining beans, 12 cup of the bean juice, whole cilantro leaves, remaining 14 teaspoon chipotle sauce, and remaining salt in a blender for a minute or two until very smooth. Press the sauce through a sieve into a bowl before serving.nTo serve: Unmold each Mexican MEV onto a hot plate and spoon sauce around., ingredients: [1 tablespoon light olive oil with a dash of toasted sesame oil, 1 large onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, bashed and sliced, 1 teaspoon summer savory, 1 12 teaspoons chipotle sauce, divided, 2 cups dried white beans, soaked overnight and drained, 2 cups boiling water, 1 tablespoon finely sliced cilantro leaves, plus 13 large whole leaves, 14 teaspoon salt, divided, 14 heaping cup diced jicama, 2 large red bell peppers, roasted and cut into strips, 3 tablespoons reserved for sauce, 2 medium tomatoes, coarsely chopped], title: Mexican Mev with Beans, Peppers and Jicama, picturelink: null}, 43702: {instructions: Split the English muffins in half and then toast or grill them set them aside. Fill a large shallow pan with 2 to 3 inches of water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and gently break the eggs into the boiling water. Cook the eggs until the yolks are set to the desired doneness, about 3 minutes. Remove the eggs from the heat. Warm the smoked trout in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat for 30 seconds or until heated through. Arrange the toasted English muffins on plates and top with the trout. Using a slotted spoon, place 1 poached egg on top of each English muffin. Spoon warm Hollandaise Sauce over the eggs and sprinkle with parsley and a dash of paprika, to garnish. Serve immediately.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nMelt the butter over medium heat in a heavy saucepan. While butter is melting, whisk together white wine, lemon juice, and hot sauce in a large metal bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks. Place the bowl over a skillet of simmering water and continue whisking over medium heat until a custard consistency develops. Slowly whisk in the melted butter. Continue whisking until the sauce is rich and smooth., ingredients: [4 English muffins, 8 eggs, 16 ounces smoked Idaho trout or salmon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves or dill, for garnish, Hollandaise Sauce, recipe follows, Paprika, for garnish, 1 pound butter, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 6 egg yolks], title: Rocky Mountain Benedict, picturelink: null}, 43703: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSet rack in the center of the oven. Combine all of the topping ingredients into a food processor. Pulse until the mixture forms crumbles the size of small peas do not over process. Set aside.nPour the plums and apricots directly into a large, shallow baking dish and sprinkle with sugar and flour to coat evenly. Spread crisp topping over entire surface of fruit. Bake until fruit is bubbly and the top is golden brown, approximately 30 to 40 minutes. Serve warm or room temperature, plain or with ice cream.nMake the topping ahead. In fact make a double or triple batch and freeze it in single recipe size packets so you can whip up a crisp on the spot, anytime., ingredients: [14 cup roughly chopped walnuts, 14 cup old fashioned oats not instant, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 34 cup flour, 13 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 12 pounds plums and apricots, quartered and pits removed, 12 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Plum Apricot Crisp, picturelink: null}, 43704: {instructions: Put the peppercorns in a spice mill and crush to a coarse grind. In a bowl combine the pepper, sugar and salt and blend well together.nPlace the bunches of cilantro, dill, and scallions together in the bowl of a food processor and process until finely chopped.nRinse some cheese cloth under cold running water. Unfold the cheese cloth and lay a large piece out on your work surface. The cloth will have to be large enough to wrap completely around the salmon several times.nChoose the freshest salmon possible for this dish as this is a cured but not cooked dish and fresh really counts. Cut the fish fillet into two equal pieces and lay it, skin side down, in the center of the cheesecloth. Spread the sugar, salt, and pepper mixture evenly over the salmon flesh. Spread the chopped herbs in the same manner and then sprinkle the tequila over the herbs. The flesh of the salmon should be totally coated in this curing seasoning.nOnce all the tequila has been absorbed, sandwich the two fillets together, fleshtoflesh and skinsidesout. Position the fillet sandwich in the center of the cloth and wrap as you would a gift, pulling the cloth as tightly as possible around the fillets. Lay the package on a cake cooling rack set over a cookie sheet. The rack allows air to circulate for more efficient drying, while the cookie sheet will catch the liquid extracted during the threeday curing period. Put the weight in a second, smaller cake pan and place it on top of the fish. The weight must be properly andnevenly distributed so as to press out the unwanted water.nPlace the entire curing setup in the bottom, the coldest area, of your refrigerator and begin the 3 day curing process. Remove the weight and flip the fish package over every 24 hours, replacing the weight each time. Drain off and discard any liquid that collects in the pan when you do this. At the end of the 72 hours the fish must be cleaned. Remove the cheesecloth and discard it. Drain any accumulated liquid, scrape off all of the used herbs and salt and pepper. Rinse the fish under cold running water and pat the fish totally dry.nThe salmon is now fully cured and as entirely edible as smoked salmon but must be kept refrigerated.nTo serve, finely chop one cup of fresh cilantro and cover the flesh side of the fish. Using a very sharp knife, slice the salmon as thinly as possible, at a 45 degree angle. Your first slices may look a bit rough, but be patient. With a little practice youll soon be turning out elegant greenedged red ribbons of gravlax.nMix the mustard and confectioners sugar and serve with pumpernickel and wedges of lime.nWeight for weighing down the salmon as it cures, such as unopened plastic bags of dried beans, or gallon jugs of cooking oil ., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh, boneless salmon fillet skin on, with all pin bones removed, 14 cup black peppercorns, 12 cup dark brown sugar, firmly packed, 12 cup coarse kosherstyle salt, 1 small bunch fresh cilantro, washed and dried, 1 small bunch fresh clean dill weed, 1 small bunch fresh scallions, 12 cup good quality golden tequila, Culinarygrade cheesecloth to wrap the fillets, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, loosely packed, Sliced pumpernickel bread, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, Lime wedges], title: Tequila Cured Salmon Gravlax, picturelink: null}, 43705: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the tarragon, chives, lemon zest, lemon juice, garlic, salt, and pepper in a blender and blend until the herbs are minced and the ingredients are combined. With the machine running, add the olive oil. Add the mascarpone cheese and cream and blend until mixed.nTransfer the lobster to a medium bowl. Add the herb sauce and stir to coat. Divide the lobster mixture among the sandwiches and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup fresh tarragon leaves, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh chives, 1 lemon, zested, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 14 cup cream, 1 pound cooked lobster tails or prawns, cut into large cubes, 4 pieces focaccia bread about 4 by 5 inches each], title: Focaccia Lobster Rolls, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 43706: {instructions: In a large saute pan over high heat, bring the oil to the verge of smoking. Then add the onions, reduce the heat to mediumhigh and cook the onions until softened. After cooking the onions 2 to 3 minutes, add the potatoes and garlic. Again cook for 2 minutes, and then finish with the wine. Allow the wine to reduce by half, and then add the mussels and sundried tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper and allow the mussels to warm and the liquid to reduce again, onequarter volume total. Finally, add the herbs, stir and serve with bread of choice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 14 cup smalldiced red onions, 1 cup parboiled potatoes, medium diced, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 pounds mussels, poached, 14 cup sundried tomatoes, rehydrated, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme and parsley blend, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, Toasted Italian bread, for serving], title: Tomato Herb Mussels, picturelink: LP7dZFnSDwg.uwh5V5TgbdmqsWa4Pa}, 43707: {instructions: For the tuna:nHeat a cast iron pan over mediumhigh heat for 8 minutes. In a bowl, combine the crushed KELLOGGS RICE KRISPIES, ground ginger, salt, and pepper, to taste. Coat the outside of the tuna steaks with the cereal mixture. Put the vegetable oil in the hot pan and swirl to coat, and then sear the tuna on all sides, until the coating just turns brown in color, about 2 minutes per side. This should cook the tuna perfectly with the inside remaining rare. Remove the pan from the heat.nFor the cucumber salad:nCut the ends off the cucumber, and then cut it into thirds. On a mandolin slicer with fine teeth in the blade, and using the hand guard, grate the cucumber pieces in a long motion. This will make cool cucumber noodle looking strands. Repeat with the remaining cucumber pieces. Put the rice noodles into a bowl and pour the boiling water over them until covered. Let noodles soak until soft and a little chewy. Drain and rinse in cold water. Cut the rice noodles down to about the same length as the cucumber and put them together in a bowl. Add the lime juice, cilantro, soy sauce, some pepper and hoisin. Toss to combine.nFor the sauce:nWhisk together the hoisin sauce, lime juice, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, and honey, to taste. Season the sauce with salt, and pepper, to taste.nOn each plate, place a swirled pile of the cucumber salad. Slice the tuna on a slight angle and lay over the salad. Spoon some of the hoisinlime sauce over the top and dig in., ingredients: [2 cups KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, crushed, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 Ahi tuna steaks about 6 ounces each, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Cucumber salad:, 1 English cucumber, halved, seeds scooped out, 4 ounces rice noodles, 1 lime, juiced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 teaspoons hoisin sauce, 14 cup hoisin sauce, Juice of 2 limes, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Honey, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Rice Krispiesandtrade Tuna with Cucumber Salad and HoisinLime Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43708: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo sear the salmon, sprinkle the fillets with the salt and pepper. Heat a pan over high heat with the oil until the pan is smoking hot. Place the salmon into the heated pan, reduce the heat and allow to sear on the first side for 2 to 3 minutes. Then flip and sear the second side, about 2 minutes. Then remove from the pan and allow to cool.nTo create the mousse topping, first whip the whites until stiff. Next, in a food processor, puree the shrimp, and then add the parsley and seafood seasoning and pulse 7 to 8 times. Next, remove the shrimp and place in a bowl. Add the whipped whites and mix in a folding fashion. After creating the topping, evenly portion about 2 tablespoons of the mousse on top of the cooked salmon fillets.nTo finish the salmon, evenly spread the seasoned breadcrumbs on top of the mousse. Finish in the oven, cooking for 10 minutes. Then remove and serve., ingredients: [Four 6ounce salmon fillets, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 egg whites, 8 ounces shrimp meat, 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs mixed with 1 teaspoon parsley and thyme], title: Shrimp Mousse Topped Salmon, picturelink: NhhxGLhWoKEkrTFI9ewzqBHJ2SMeT.O}, 43709: {instructions: Special equipment: A meat grindernGrind the pork butt twice through a meat grinder with a large die and form into four 8ounce patties. Sprinkle the patties generously with the Brown Sugar Rub and grill to desired temperature we recommend medium or pink in the center. Top with smoked Cheddar and melt it with your grill closed. Cut the hot links in half and split down the center. Grill on both sides until crispy. To assemble the sandwich, spread the bottom bun with the South Carolina Mayo and top with pickled chiles and Maple Bacon. Next, add the pork patty and then top with the split hot link. We serve our handcut fries on the side, but the sandwich is great with potato salad, chips or anything else.nMix the brown sugar, chili powder, salt, granulated garlic, granulated onion, black pepper and cayenne pepper together in a bowl. Cover tightly and leave out at room temperature. Yield: 3 12 tablespoons.nWhisk together the mustard, vinegar, brown sugar, paprika, black pepper, cayenne pepper and Worcestershire sauce. Let sit overnight to develop flavor we also use this sauce as a mustard based BBQ sauce without the mayo. Whisk together the sauce and mayonnaise and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use. Use any extra for sandwiches, dipping fried things in... really anything. Yield: 3 cups.nCombine the kosher salt, brown sugar and, if smoking the bacon, the pink salt if smoking the bacon, and mix thoroughly. Then whisk in the maple syrup. Rub the cure over the entire pork belly and place in a ziptop bag remove the air from the bag before sealing. Place in the refrigerator for 7 days, flipping the belly every day to balance out the cure. On the eighth day, remove the belly from the cure and rinse thoroughly. Then place in the refrigerator uncovered, preferably on a rack for better air flow. Leave overnight to dry and form a pellicle the skin made from proteins that form on the surface to allow the smoke to penetrate the meat better. If you have a smoker, smoke the belly for 3 hours at 200 degrees F to an internal temperature of 150 degrees F. Remove from the smoker, cool and slice about 14inch thick. If you do not have a smoker, put the belly on an oven rack for 3 hours at 200 degrees F and cook to an internal temperature of 150 degrees F. Then cool and slice about 14inch thick. Place the bacon slices on a baking sheet and bake at 375 degrees F until brown and crispy. Reserve the homemade bacon fat for tomorrows breakfast., ingredients: [2 pounds pork butt, 2 tablespoons Brown Sugar Rub, recipe follows, 8 ounces sliced smoked Cheddar, 2 hot link sausages we make ours in house but you can use any spicy storebought sausage, 4 hamburger buns, 4 tablespoons South Carolina Mayo, recipe follows, 12 cup pickled chiles, 8 ounces Maple Bacon, recipe follows, Handcut fries, potato salad or chips, for serving, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup yellow mustard, 2 fluid ounces cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pink salt, optional optional, only necessary if smoking the bacon, 2 pounds skinless pork belly, 2 tablespoons Michigan maple syrup or or your favorite purereal maple syrup], title: The Porker, picturelink: I59Reg9pwgi9KnW0iT7TFmolpACjk7G}, 43710: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Pulse the pistachios and 1 tablespoon granulated sugar in a food processor until the nuts are finely ground and powdery. Sift with the flour and salt into a medium bowl set aside.nBeat the remaining 34 cup granulated sugar and the butter in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the pistachio mixture and beat until completely incorporated.nFill a cookie press with the dough according to the manufacturers instructions. Press cookies about 1 12 inches apart onto 2 ungreased baking sheets. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until set and golden around the edges, 10 to 12 minutes. Let the cookies cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [12 cup pistachios, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Sanding sugar, for decorating optional], title: Pistachio Spritz Cookies, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 43711: {instructions: Pulse 14 cup goat cheese, 4 ounces cream cheese and 1 tablespoon honey in a food processor until smooth. Hull and quarter 1 cup strawberries and transfer to a medium bowl. Halve 16 seedless grapes. Add to the bowl. Stack 6 mint leaves, roll into a tight cylinder and thinly slice. Add to the bowl. Chop 1 tablespoon crystallized ginger and add to the bowl along with 2 tablespoons chopped toasted pecans. Arrange 24 graham crackers or wafer cookies on a platter. Smear with the cheese mixture.nPhotograph by Marko MetzingerStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Fruit Bruschetta, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 43712: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the almonds and fennel seeds on a baking sheet and cook until golden and aromatic, about 10 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Warm the cognac and water in a small saucepan, add the cranberries and apricots, and set aside until plump, about 10 minutes.nIn a small food processor, pulse the almonds and fennel until coarsely chopped, then add the fruit and any unabsorbed liquid with the shallot, butter, 2 teaspoons salt and pepper, to taste, until the fruit and nuts are coarsely chopped. Add the parsley and pulse once or twice more.nPlace the turkey breast halves on a cutting board. Divide and spread the fruit mixture evenly over them, leaving about a 1inch border. Starting with the long end of each breast, roll like a jelly roll and tie firmly with butchers twine. Season generously with salt and pepper.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the oil, and heat until shimmering. Sear the turkey roulades, turning occasionally, until they are golden brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Place the 2 roulades on a rack in a roasting pan and pour 2 cups of the wine over them. Roast, uncovered, until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the meat registers 165 degrees F, about 1 hour and 10 minutes. Transfer the breasts to a carving board, tent loosely with foil, and let rest while you make the sauce.nPut the roasting pan over medium heat on the stovetop. Add the remaining 1 cup of wine and stir with a wooden spoon to release the brown bits that cling to the pan. Add the chicken broth and cook until syrupy, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nCarve the turkey into 1inch thick slices and serve with the pan sauce., ingredients: [12 cup whole almonds, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 13 cup cognac or other brandy, 14 cup water, 23 cup dried cranberries, 23 cup dried apricots about 8 medium, coarsely chopped, 2 medium shallots, minced, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 boneless, skinless turkey breast halves, butterflied about 5 to 6 pounds, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 cups white wine, 12 cup chicken broth], title: Turkey Roulade with CranberryApricot Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 43713: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. For the salsa: Heat the olive oil in a small pot, and then add the chiles and fry until bright orange, about 10 seconds, tossing continuously to avoid burning. Immediately remove from the oil. Transfer to a blender with the tomatoes, vinegar, 14 cup water, the garlic and tomatillo. Blend until smooth. Pour the blended salsa into a small pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Season with salt. For the crema: Combine the yogurt, lime juice and salt in a bowl. This may be thinned with water if necessary. For assembly: Heat the chips in the oven for about 2 minutes, and then toss together with the hot salsa in a large stainlesssteel bowl until completely covered. Cover the chips with the cotija cheese, onions and cilantro. Garnish on the side with the crema and lime wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 13 cup chiles de arbol, 3 cups organic canned diced tomatoes, 14 cup white vinegar, 1 small clove garlic, 1 small fresh tomatillo, Salt, 2 cups Greek kefir yogurt, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 pounds salted corn tortilla chips, 2 cups grated cotija cheese, 1 cup small dice white onions, 1 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 8 lime wedges], title: Totopos con Chile, picturelink: null}, 43714: {instructions: Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper and dredge in the flour. Reserve flour. In a large skillet, heat 3 tablespoons butter, add chicken and brown on both sides. Transfer to heated platter. Add shallots to skillet and saute briefly. Add wine. Cook until nearly evaporated. Add reserved flour, stir, and cook 3 minutes. Sprinkle with tarragon and add chicken broth. Return chicken to pan and simmer 10 minutes. Transfer to heated platter and keep hot. Add 1 tablespoon each butter and cream to pan, heat and pour over chicken., ingredients: [3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, halved, 2 tablespoons flour, 14 cup butter, 14 cup shallots, chopped, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, 34 cup chicken broth, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Chicken Tarragon, picturelink: null}, 43715: {instructions: In a bowl soak beans in water to cover by 2 inches overnight or quicksoak and drain. In a heavy kettle at least 5 quarts simmer ham hocks and wheat berries in water and broth, covered, 1 hour. Add drained beans and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and skim froth. Add onions, carrots, celery, bay leaf, and rosemary and simmer, covered, until beans are tender, about 1 hour. Transfer ham hocks with a slotted spoon to a cutting board. Discard fat and bones and chop meat and set aside.nIn a blender or food processor puree 3 cups of the soup. Stir puree into soup with the chopped meat and the escarole and simmer, uncovered, 15 minutes. Stir in garlic and salt and pepper to taste. Soup may be made 4 days ahead cool uncovered before chilling covered., ingredients: [1 pound dried baby lima beans or other dried white beans, picked over and soaked, 2 ham hocks, 23 cup wheat berries see Cooks Note, 8 cups water, 2 cups chicken broth, 2 medium onions, chopped, 3 carrots, chopped, 3 celery ribs, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled, 1 head escarole about 1 pound, coarsely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced], title: White Bean, Wheat Berry, and Escarole Soup, picturelink: null}, 43716: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nBraised Fennel:nIn a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the butter. Add the fennel and sugar and cook for 3 to 4 minutes until the fennel caramelizes. Add the cider, stock and thyme. Cook until the fennel is tender and liquid is reduced, about 10 minutes Season the fennel with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the parsley and mix well. Remove from the heat and cover.nGlaze:nIn a small saucepan, add the cider, cayenne and brown sugar and cook over medium heat until 12 cup of liquid remains. Set aside.nSalmon:nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. Season the salmon fillets with salt and pepper, to taste, and sear for 4 minutes in the hot oil. Remove from the pan and put, seared side up, on a quarter sheet tray with a rack. Spoon the glaze over the top of each fillet and bake until cooked through, about 4 minutes. Remove from the oven to a serving platter and serve with the braised fennel alongside., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 4 bulbs fennel, cut into wedge, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup apple cider, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 sprigs thyme, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 1 cup apple cider, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, Grapeseed oil, to sear, 4 8ounce boneless and skinless salmon fillets, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Glazed Salmon with Braised Fennel, picturelink: M5nMTqbOTWFu3.smlQFOtnez7UxRhKG}, 43717: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Beat all ingredients, except Spiced Cream Cheese Frosting, in large bowl with electric mixer on low speed just until moistened, scraping side of bowl frequently. Beat on medium speed 2 minutes or until well blended.n2. Spoon batter into 24 lightly greased or paperlined muffin cups, filling each cup 23 full.n3. Bake 20 minutes or until toothpick inserted into cupcake comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire rack 10 minutes. Remove from pans cool completely. Frost with Spiced Cream Cheese Frosting.nBeat 1 package 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 14 cup 12 stick butter, softened, 1 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Pure Vanilla Extract, and 14 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Ground Cloves in large bowl until light and fluffy. Gradually beat in 1 box 16 ounces confectioners sugar until smooth., ingredients: [1 package 15 14 to 18 14 ounces yellow cake mix, 1 package 4serving size vanilla instant pudding mix, 1 cup canned pumpkin, 12 cup oil, 12 cup water, 3 eggs, 1 12 teaspoons McCormicku00ae Cinnamon, Ground, 1 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Cloves, Ground, 1 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Pure Vanilla Extract, Spiced Cream Cheese Frosting recipe follows], title: Spiced Pumpkin Cupcakes, picturelink: lXdTDem4TqNESzMLk5zyRsmeFZ5Fiz.}, 43718: {instructions: Broil 5 assorted bell peppers and 8 cored plum tomatoes, turning, until charred, 15 minutes let cool. Peel the peppers and cut into strips peel and chop the tomatoes. Cook 3 sliced garlic cloves in 3 tablespoons olive oil in a pot over medium heat until beginning to brown, 3 minutes. Add the roasted peppers, tomatoes and any collected juices, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and a few grinds of pepper. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until saucy, 15 minutes. Toss with 12 ounces cooked fusilli, adding up to 12 cup pastacooking water to loosen the sauce. Off the heat, stir in 12 cup torn basil and season with salt and pepper. Serve with drizzled olive oil.nPhotograph by Linda Xiao, ingredients: [], title: Peperonata Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43719: {instructions: For the pine nut lamb meatballs:nPut shredded pieces of bread in a small bowl, cover with milk and soak until bread becomes soft, approximately 10 minutes.nPut the pine nuts, dried currants, shallots, garlic, thyme, black pepper, salt, egg, and oil in a large bowl, including the bread, mix thoroughly youre your hands, careful not to over mix. Form meatballs with hands and put on a large plate or baking tray.nHeat oil in a cast iron pan over medium to high heat, add the meatballs and fry until meat has browned, turning frequently. Remove the meatballs from the heat.nFor the tomato sauce:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large widemouthed pan over mediumhigh heat, add the garlic and rosemary to infuse the oil. Once the garlic has caramelized, add the tomatoes and bay leaf, stir, season with salt and pepper. Add the meatballs to the tomato sauce, put in the oven for approximately 30 minutes, until the tomato sauce has reduced slightly.nTo serve:nPut the cooked pasta in the center of the plate, spoon the tomato sauce over and put 6 meatballs per serving. Garnish with parsley and Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [1 12 cup ciabatta, crusts removed and shredded, 12 cup milk, 1 14 pounds ground lamb, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 13 cup dried currants, 2 shallots, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 27ounce796 ml can whole tomatoes, 1 bay leaf, 1 17ounce500 g package fettuccine, cooked according to package directions and drained, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley 14 cup Parmesan cheese, shaved into ribbons with vegetable peeler, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pine Nut Lamb Meatballs with Pasta, picturelink: null}, 43720: {instructions: To prepare the pasta, sift the flour and salt onto a wooden surface. Shape into a round mound and create a well in the center. Crack the eggs inside and drizzle the olive oil around the flour. Using a fork, beat the eggs lightly, then gradually draw in the flour until the mixture is no longer runny. Using your hands, draw in enough flour to make a smooth dough. Knead until dough is smooth and elastic. Wrap dough tightly in plastic wrap and allow to rest for 2 to 3 hours.nCut dough into 3 pieces. Pass through a pasta machine until dough is 18inch thick. Cut sheets into 4inch circles using a cookie cutter. Keep covered with plastic wrap until ready to use.nTo make the filling, heat a pan on medium heat and saute the Maui onions with the extravirgin olive oil until golden. Remove from the heat and carefully add the Cognac. Return the pan to the heat and flambe. Add the veal jus or stock and cook for an additional 20 minutes on low heat. Remove from heat and allow to cool completely.nIn a bowl, beat egg and incorporate the Parmesan cheese, goat cheese, caramelized onions and season with salt and pepper.nTake out pasta circles and scoop 2 tablespoons of filling into the center. Brush edges of pasta with egg white. Cover the pasta circle with another pasta circle to cover filling and press carefully around the edges.nBring a pot of water and salt to a boil, drop the pasta in the water, and cook for 3 minutes.nWhile pasta is cooking, use a large saute pan and saute the garlic and porcini in olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add the tomatoes and white wine and allow the liquid to evaporate. Add the broth and cook for a few minutes.nDrain the pasta and add to the sauce.nTo serve pasta, divide among 4 separate plates and distribute the porcini and tomato sauce around pasta. Drizzle a few drops of basil oil around plate and top with pecorino shavings.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nTo make the basil oil, combine extravirgin olive oil and 1 bunch of fresh basil and allow to infuse for a few days., ingredients: [8 ounces flour, 2 12 ounces high gluten flour, Pinch salt, 3 eggs, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 Maui onions, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup cognac, 14 cup veal jus or stock, 1 egg, 3 ounces grated Parmesan cheese, 3 ounces goat cheese, Salt and pepper, 1 egg white, 1 garlic clove, minced, 10 ounces porcini mushrooms, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 20 yellow currant tomatoes, 20 red currant tomatoes, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup chicken broth, Basil oil, recipe follows, Pecorino shavings, 16 ounces extra virgin olive oil, 1 bunch fresh basil], title: Maui Onion and Goat Cheese Tortellini with Currant Tomato and Porcini Sauce, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 43721: {instructions: Prepare the mandarin vinaigrette: In a saucepan, combine all of the ingredients except the olive oil, and reduce over low heat to 12 cup. Remove from the heat and let cool. Stir in the olive oil and reserve.nPrepare the ginger vinaigrette: In a bowl, mix together all of the ingredients and correct the seasonings, as necessary. ReservenPreheat a grill. Brush the steaks with some of the mandarin marinade and season them with salt and pepper. Brush the whole shiitake caps with some of the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Grill the steaks to mediumrare and set aside in warm spot. Grill the mushrooms until they are soft and set aside.nToss the salad greens with the reserved ginger vinaigrette, adding any collected meat juices to the dressing, and set aside.nIn a large saute pan, heat the butter until it is foamy. Add the shallot and the sliced shiitakes and saute for several minutes, or until the shallot is translucent and the mushrooms have given up most of their liquid. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nMound the salad greens in the center of 4 dinner plates. Slice the steak thinly on the diagonal and fan the slices around 1 side of the greens with the grilled mushroom caps. Arrange the mushrooms decoratively on the opposite side. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons orange or mandarin marmalade, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, Salt, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup wine vinegar, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium shallot, chopped, 1 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 13 cup almond or extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 8ounce New York steaks, Salt and pepper, 6 large shiitake mushroom caps, 4 cups mixed salad greens, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large shallot, minced, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, sliced], title: Mandarin Steak Salad, picturelink: null}, 43722: {instructions: Pour 1 tablespoon orange liqueur and 1 tablespoon cranberry juice into each of 4 champagne flutes. Add 3 cranberries to each flute and fill with Prosecco. Garnish with the rosemary sprigs and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, 4 tablespoons cranberry juice, 1 bottle cold Prosecco, 12 fresh cranberries, 4 small rosemary sprigs], title: Cranberry Prosecco Fizz, picturelink: C03gYk4ZJYAgg7ibzYWWjkxkqbiNV2}, 43723: {instructions: Make the cookies: Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and maple sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, 4 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to medium low add the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Transfer the dough to a sheet of plastic wrap shape into a disk. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Divide the dough into thirds. Working with 1 piece at a time, roll out the dough on a floured surface until 18 inch thick. Cut out stars with a 2inch cutter arrange 1 inch apart on 2 ungreased baking sheets and sprinkle with gold sugar. Refrigerate the cutouts 15 minutes.nBake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are set and lightly browned on the bottoms, 13 to 16 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nMake the filling: Melt the white chocolate in the microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until smooth. Let cool. Stir in the butter with a rubber spatula, then stir in the confectionersu00bf sugar, maple extract and lemon juice until smooth. Sandwich between the cookies.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch of salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup maple sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Gold coarse sugar, for decorating, 2 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup confectionersu00bf sugar, 14 teaspoon maple extract, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: Maple Stars, picturelink: Bpk7x7rJ8TKeliNJFcO762UhOyEh4C}, 43724: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook according to the package directions drain. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently, until soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook 2 minutes. Add the sausage and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in the bell peppers, mushrooms, seasoned salt and Italian seasoning and cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables are soft, about 4 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, 34 cup water and the basil and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the sauce thickens slightly and the flavors are blended, about 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 2quart casserole dish with cooking spray. Add the pasta to the skillet and toss to combine with the sauce. Spoon half of the pasta mixture into the casserole dish. Sprinkle with half of each cheese. Spoon the remaining pasta mixture on top. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese and cover loosely with foil sprayed with cooking spray do not let the foil touch the cheese. Bake until the cheese is melted and bubbly, 20 to 25 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 6 ounces wholewheat angel hair pasta, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 pound sweet Italian chicken sausage, casings removed, 2 green bell peppers, diced, 12 pound button or cremini mushrooms, sliced, 12 teaspoon seasoned salt, 14 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 cup torn fresh basil leaves, Cooking spray, for the pan, 12 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 12 cup shredded cheddar cheese], title: Light Baked Spaghetti, picturelink: W1OHdekXHyw0UxtGVPnZMZORbEveq.}, 43725: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the chicken breasts between two pieces of wax paper or plastic wrap and pound to 14inch thick a meat mallet or wooden spoon works well. Pat the chicken dry and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper on both sides. Sprinkle the goat cheese lengthwise on one half of each breast then sprinkle with dill, orange zest and more salt and pepper. Fold in the short endslike folding a burritothen, starting on the half with cheese, roll up into a tight cylinder. Close the seams with toothpicks.nWhisk the eggs in a wide, shallow dish. In a separate dish, combine the breadcrumbs and ground pecans. Sprinkle the stuffed chicken with salt and pepper. Dip in the egg mixture and then in the breadcrumb mixture shake off excess breading.nPlace the breaded chicken on a wire rack set over a baking sheet and spray with coconut oil. Bake to an internal temperature of 160 degrees F, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes.nRemove the toothpicks. Serve garnished with dill sprigs., ingredients: [Four 8 to 10ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, crumbled, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 2 eggs, 23 cup dried breadcrumbs, 23 cup ground pecans, Coconut oil spray], title: PecanCrusted Stuffed Chicken, picturelink: lMSdDvYmQCRIWpbm5TL7VOePQlsiPrG}, 43726: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPound pork slices between sheets of plastic wrap to 14inch thickness. In a shallow medium bowl, mix together 34 cup flour with salt, pepper, garlic and paprika. In another shallow medium bowl, combine egg, milk and mustard. In another medium shallow bowl, combine cracker and panko crumbs. Dredge pork slices first in flour, then in egg wash, and finally in crumbs. Let set on a baking sheet fitted with a cooling rack for 5 minutes.nIn a medium saute pan over medium heat cook the bacon until crispy. Remove from pan to drain on paper towels. In same pan with bacon fat, add onions and saute for 3 minutes. Add mushrooms and continue sauteing for 2 minutes. Stir in 14 cup flour. Cook flour to make roux until light brown, about 2 minutes. Add wine and cook for 3 minutes, reducing by 13, then add stock. Continue cooking to reduce by 13 again. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nHeat 14inch oil in thick saute pan or cast iron skillet to 350 degrees F. Cook pork evenly on both sides, about 5 minutes for the first side, 3 to 4 minutes for the second. Remove to platter when done. Add butter to sauce, stirring until it has melted. To serve, cover pork with sauce. Sprinkle with chopped bacon and fresh parsley to garnish., ingredients: [1 12 pounds pork loin, cut into 6ounce portions, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 egg, 12 cup milk, 2 teaspoons mustard, 1 cup crushed unsalted crackers, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 12 pound bacon, diced, 12 diced yellow onion, approximately 12 cup, 2 cups sliced button mushrooms, 14 cup red wine, Olive oil, for frying, 2 cups beef stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Jagerschnitzel with Bacon Mushroom Gravy Jager  Hunter, picturelink: xUww4xD8Y5CEa5teFUWinEgveng4y7e}, 43727: {instructions: In a large saucepot over mediumhigh heat, combine all chili ingredients. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat and let it simmer for 15 minutes.nOn a grill or griddle, cook the burgers to your preferred temperature. Lightly toast the burger buns in a toaster or oven.nServe the burgers topped with a generous helping of chili. Serve with grated cheese and a dollop of sour cream.x, ingredients: [1 28ounce can whole tomatoes, drained and chopped, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 12.5ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 2 12.5ounce cans black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon cumin, Hot sauce, to taste, 7 ounce burger patties, Hamburger buns, Sour cream, for serving, Grated Cheddar cheese, for serving], title: Kevin Garnett Burger, picturelink: null}, 43728: {instructions: Spread 3 ounces melted chocolate in a 9inch graham cracker crust chill until set. Cook 12 ounces pitted cherries with 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon butter and 1 teaspoon vanilla in a skillet over medium heat until tender, 5 minutes. Whisk 1 tablespoon cornstarch and 3 tablespoons water stir into the cherries and cook until thickened, 3 minutes. Let cool, then pour into the crust. Puree 1 cup ricotta, 12 cup each pistachios, cream cheese and confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla and 14 teaspoon almond extract spread over the cherries. Top with chopped pistachios and candied orange peel. Refrigerate until set, about 1 hour.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Cherry Cannoli Pie, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 43729: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine sugar, water, Elixer G, lemongrass and zest. Bring to a simmer, stirring frequently to dissolve sugar. Cool then chill. When ready to serve, strain simple syrup and lemon juice into a 2quart pitcher. Mix in the ginger ale. Place a few ice cubes in 4 16ounce glasses. Put a 14 cup of the mint in each glass, top with a couple more ice cubes and muddle. Fill the rest of the glasses with ice, and pour in lemonade mixture. Chug, ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 14 cup Elixir G, 2 teaspoons minced lemongrass, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 cup freshly squeezed and chilled lemon juice, 16 ounces ginger ale, Ice, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Elixir G Minty Lemonade, picturelink: JDBKukixir2aA8qYNiu5LcNTEDDIT2}, 43730: {instructions: Mix together all ingredients in a medium bowl. Add the chicken wings and toss to coat evenly. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours. Grill wings, ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chipotle puree, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped oregano, 20 chicken wings, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Spicy Wings, picturelink: null}, 43731: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the cheddar and pepper jack in a bowl. Spread half of the tortilla chips in the bottom of a deep 12inch castiron skillet or cake pan. Sprinkle with half of the cheese mixture and bake until the cheese melts, about 5 minutes. Top with the remaining chips and sprinkle with the remaining cheese mixture and the black beans. Return to the oven and bake until the cheese melts, about 5 more minutes.nRemove the nachos from the oven and drizzle with the cheese sauce, then top with the chili and guacamole. Top with sour cream, pico de gallo, pickled jalapenos and scallions.nMelt 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add 1 teaspoon each minced garlic and shallot cook 5 minutes. Stir in 3 tablespoons flour and 12 teaspoon salt cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add 12 cup milk whisk until thick. Add 1 cup cheddar, season with pepper and stir until smooth.nMash 2 avocados with a fork. Add 14 cup diced white onion, 13 cup diced tomato, 4 teaspoons chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 teaspoons minced jalapeno, and salt and pepper. Press plastic wrap directly onto the surface and refrigerate until ready to use.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [23 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese, 23 cup shredded pepper jack cheese, 1 8to10ounce bag multicolored tortilla chips, 12 cup canned black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12 cups cheese sauce, warmed see recipe below, 1 12 cups prepared chili, warmed, 12 cup guacamole see recipe below, Sour cream, pico de gallo, sliced pickled jalapenos and sliced scallions, for topping], title: Big Dish O Nachos, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 43732: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: kitchen twinenFor the turkey: Place the turkey in a large bowl or pot, add the hard apple cider and salt. Then cover and refrigerate in the brine overnight.nFor the stuffing: In a large skillet set over medium heat, melt the butter, then add the celery and onions, and saute until soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the calvados, apricots, dates, salt and pepper. Stir and cook at a simmer until the liquid reduces and thickens, and the fruit is plump, about 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl, add the toasted bread, broth, pecans, sage, thyme and eggs. Add the vegetable mixture to bowl and mix to incorporate. Refrigerate until ready to use.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a casserole dish.nDrain the turkey from the brine, rinse and pat all over to dry. Lay the turkey skinside down on a work surface and use a sharp knife to butterfly the breast so that it lays flat. Sprinkle the turkey with 2 tablespoons of the Poultry Seasoning, then place 3 cups of the stuffing in the center of the breast and fold the ends of the turkey to cover. Flip the turkey over to seamside down, and use kitchen twine to tie the turkey at 1inch intervals.nPlace the remaining stuffing in the prepared casserole dish, and set aside.nArrange the sliced onions in the center of a roasting pan. Rub the turkey skin with the butter, sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons Poultry Seasoning, and then place the turkey over the sliced onions. Roast, basting occasionally, until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 2 hours.nAfter about 1 hour 30 minutes, add the stuffing to the oven and bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes.nRemove the turkey from the pan and rest for 10 to 15 minutes, reserving the pan with the drippings for a later use.nFor the gravy: Place the roasting pan with the drippings on the stovetop set over mediumhigh heat. Pour in the wine to deglaze the pan. Use a spoon to scrape the bits from the bottom of the pan.nIn a medium bowl, add 14 cup of the chicken broth and the flour. Whisk to make a slurry.nAdd the remaining 1 cup chicken broth and the slurry into the roasting pan. Whisk until combined and smooth. Then simmer until the gravy reduces and thickens, 5 to 10 minutes.nRemove the strings from the turkey and carve it into slices. Serve the turkey with the stuffing and gravy.nPlace the marjoram, parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme in a spice grinder or blender and grind until powdery., ingredients: [One 10pound boneless, skinon whole turkey breast, tenderloins removed, 1 gallon hard apple cider, 14 cup kosher salt, 4 tablespoons Poultry Seasoning, recipe follows, 2 onions, sliced into 1 12inchthick rings, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 5 stalks celery, finely diced, 2 onions, finely diced, 2 cups calvados, 1 cup dried apricots, roughly chopped, 1 cup dates, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 8 cups 12inch cubes white bread, toasted, 2 cups chicken broth, 2 cups pecans, toasted and roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh or dried sage, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried thyme leaves, 2 eggs, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 14 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 tablespoon dried marjoram, 1 tablespoon dried parsley, 1 tablespoon dried sage, 1 tablespoon dried rosemary, 1 tablespoon dried thyme], title: Rolled Turkey Breast with Nutty Fruit Stuffing, picturelink: XpIgPISpuRLqYW7dfnepTZbCQc6fp1G}, 43733: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F 325 degrees F for dark or nonstick pan. Spray bottom only of 13x9inch pan with Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray.nIn medium bowl, stir 12 cup melted butter, 1 12 cups of the cracker crumbs and 34 cup of the toffee bits. Press mixture evenly in bottom of pan. Refrigerate about 15 minutes or until firm.nMeanwhile, let cookie dough stand at room temperature 10 minutes to soften. In 2quart saucepan, heat chocolate chips, milk and 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat, stirring frequently, until chips are melted and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat stir in vanilla. Spread mixture over cracker crust.nIn medium bowl, break up cookie dough. Mix in remaining 12 cup cracker crumbs with wooden spoon until well blended. Crumble mixture evenly over chocolate layer. Sprinkle with remaining 34 cup toffee bits.nBake 25 to 35 minutes or until golden brown. Cool completely, about 2 hours. For a firmer bar, refrigerate 30 minutes longer. For bars, cut into 8 rows by 4 rows., ingredients: [12 cup LAND O LAKESu00ae Butter, melted, 2 cups graham cracker crumbs 32 squares, 1 bag 8 oz HeathR Bits O Brickleu00ae toffee bits 1 12 cups, 1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated chocolate chip cookies, 1 bag 12 oz Hersheysu00ae semisweet chocolate baking chips 2 cups, 1 can 14 oz Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 tablespoon LAND O LAKESu00ae Butter, 1 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Pure Vanilla Extract], title: Fudgy Chocolate ChipToffee Bars, picturelink: null}, 43734: {instructions: Using a paring knife, make several small slits over the entire surface of the lamb, and stuff the slits with the sliced garlic. Add the yogurt, mint, cumin and hot pepper sauce to the work bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Place the lamb on a large baking sheet and rub the entire leg with the yogurt mixture. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight.nPreheat the grill to high. Remove the lamb from the marinade and season well with salt and pepper. Place the lamb, skin side down, on the grill. Grill until the skin side is golden brown, then turn the lamb over, and reduce the heat of the grill to medium so that the grill maintains a constant temperature of 350 degrees F. Continue grilling until a thermometer inserted deep into the meat reaches a temperature of 145 degrees F for mediumrare doneness, about 1 14 to 1 12 hours. Remove lamb from grill, cover with foil, and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice the meat on the bias into 14inch thick slices., ingredients: [1 deboned 5 pound leg of lamb, trimmed of excess fat, 5 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 cups Greekstyle yogurt, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 3 to 5 dashes hot pepper sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: YogurtMint Marinated Grilled Leg of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 43735: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the pine nuts, garlic, zest, and thyme, swirl the pan until the nuts and garlic are beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the wild rice and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute tops. Stir in the chicken broth and salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a rapid simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Check the texture of the rice and, if needed, continue simmering until tender. Add more liquid as needed, another 10 to 15 minutes. Note: The rice should only just begin to crack when done. If it begins to curl it is overcooked. There are numerous varieties of varying qualities, which affect cooking times greatly.nRemove from the heat, scatter the scallions over the surface, fluff with a fork, and remove the herb sprigs and lemon zest before serving. Season with salt and black pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup pine nuts, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 to 2 strips lemon zest, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 cup wild rice, preferably whole not broken, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 1 bunch scallions white and green, thinly sliced 34 cup, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Wild Rice Pilaf with Nuts and Lemon, picturelink: Gk07DvBOeMgkEyexD7SFrGWbBsAV.Hq}, 43736: {instructions: Prepare each red mullet in 2 fillets. Peel the tomatoes, cut in quarters, and remove seeds. Heat olive oil in a saucepan and add the tomatoes, garlic, thyme, bay leaf and salt and pepper. Add 6 cups shellfish stock or chicken stock. Simmer until reduced to a light sauce consistency. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature. Slice the fennel on slicing machine and keep in iced water along with the pink radishes.nPrepare the tapenade: blend together all tapenade ingredients.nSprinkle the red mullet fillets with salt and pepper. In enough olive oil to coat the pan, fry the red mullet fillets, skin side, turn over and fry until just cooked through.nPlating: Make bundles of lettuce, sprinkle with lemon dressing and surround with thin slices of black radish on one side of the plate. Place fish fillets in the center and top with tapenade. Garnish with fennel slices, pink radishes and the shellfish sauce around., ingredients: [3 beefsteak tomatoes, Olive oil, for sauteing, 2 garlic cloves , chopped, Thyme, Bay leaf, Salt and pepper, 6 cups shellfish stock or chicken stock, 20 baby fennel bulbs, 20 pink radishes, 1 34 ounces capers, 1ounce anchovies, 3 12 ounces black olives, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 3 13 tablespoons olive oil, 10 red mullets, 9 ounces each, Salt and pepper, Lettuce bundle, for each serving, 2 teaspoons lemon dressing, for each bundle, 1 black radish, sliced, for each serving], title: Red Mullet Salad with Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 43737: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Adjust racks to the middle of the oven. Put pizza stone in the oven to preheat while you begin the sauce.nPreheat a grill pan over medium heat.nSeason the chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the chicken on the grill pan and grill until cooked through. Remove to a cutting board and dice. Set aside.nMelt the butter in a mediumsized saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until fragrant. Add the flour and cook until light blonde in color. Whisk in the cream, reduce the heat to low, and let simmer until thickened, about 2 minutes. Stir in Parmesan and season lightly with salt and pepper, to taste.nFlour your work surface and roll the pizza dough into a 13inch diameter. Carefully remove the pizza stone from the oven and put the dough on top. Ladle the sauce to cover the bottom of the pizza. Evenly top with the baby spinach, grape tomatoes, grilled chicken and the mozzarella. Brush the edge of the crust with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bake the pizza until crisp and golden, about 25 minutes. Remove from oven and immediately top with another handful of spinach. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 34 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, plus more for work surface, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 16ounce ball pizza dough, storebought, 2 cups baby spinach, well washed and dried, 1 cup grape tomatoes, red and yellow, 1 cup grated mozzarella, Olive oil, for brushing crust], title: Chicken Alfredo Pizza, picturelink: z90yFY1Ptsr3gROAE7iUzlNOdwNdMzy}, 43738: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Place pitas on a baking sheet and heat for 5 minutes until softened. Heat chicken or other leftover meat and in a microwave or skillet. Combine yogurt, garlic, cucumber, salt, pepper and a dash of Tabasco. Open pita pockets and fill with chicken, lettuce and onion slices. Top with yogurt dressing and extra Tabasco, if desired., ingredients: [2 small pita pockets, Leftover chicken, shredded, 1 cup yogurt, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cucumber, peeled and sliced, Salt and pepper, Tabasco, Green leaf lettuce, 1 red onion, sliced, 1 tomato, sliced into wedges], title: Leftovers in a Pita, picturelink: null}, 43739: {instructions: For the ribs and legs: Combine the cilantro, brown sugar, honey, soy sauce, fish sauce, garlic, chile peppers, ginger and the white part of the lemongrass in a blender or food processor. Puree until a fairly smooth, thick sauce forms.nPut the pork ribs and chicken drummers in a large resealable plastic bag or shallow plastic storage container and slather the marinade over the meat. Add the lime slices and the top part of the lemongrass to the bag and refrigerate for 1 to 4 hours.nFor the sweet and sour sauce: Combine 12 cup water, the sugar and ginger in a small pot. Bring to a simmer, stirring to dissolve the sugar, then simmer for a couple of minutes to infuse the syrup with the ginger. Pour the syrup into a small bowl and let cool. Remove the ginger, then stir in the vinegar, cilantro, mint, Sriracha, fish sauce, chile pepper and lime juice.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nArrange the ribs in an even layer in a baking dish, and add the marinade and lime slices. Cover tightly with foil and bake for 1 hour. Remove the baking dish from the oven and add the drumsticks. Cover and bake for 30 more minutes.nRaise the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Uncover the baking dish and bake until the ribs and drumsticks are deeply browned, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and drizzle with about half the sweet and sour sauce. Top with the nuts and scallions. Serve with rice and Thai Cucumbers. Pass the remaining sweet and sour sauce at the table.nWhisk together the vinegar, sugar, sea salt and lime juice in a bowl until the sugar and salt have dissolved. Add the carrots, cucumbers and scallions, and toss to combine. Transfer the mixture to a plastic food storage container and refrigerate until ready to serve. Add the mint and chile pepper just before serving, and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 cup fresh cilantro leaves and tender stems, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup honey, About 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, About 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 4 cloves garlic, cracked from skin, 2 serrano chile peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 Fresno chile pepper, sliced, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 2 pounds pork loin ribs, cut into single bones, 8 chicken drummers drumsticks, skinned, 1 stalk lemongrass, white part chopped, 1 lime, sliced, 13 cup superfine sugar, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, About 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 2 tablespoons Sriracha, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 Fresno chile, finely chopped, Juice of 1 lime, 12 cup dryroasted cashews or peanuts, finely chopped, 1 bunch scallion tops, thinly sliced reserve the whites for the Thai Cucumbers, recipe follows, Jasmine rice, for serving, Thai Cucumbers, recipe follows, for serving, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons superfine sugar, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, Juice of 1 lime, 1 carrot, grated, 1 seedless cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 bunch scallion whites, finely chopped, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 Fresno chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped], title: Thai Ribs and Legs, picturelink: W0SRULDm3mumvHOoSNSHGl7f76jRPS}, 43740: {instructions: Scoop ice cream into sundae glasses. Top with warm Butterscotch Sauce, chopped toffee, whipped cream, and a cherry.nIn a small heavy bottomed saucepan, add the brown sugar, corn syrup, and butter and cook over medium low heat, stirring, until sugar dissolves. Add bourbon and vanilla extract, stirring well., ingredients: [1 pint high quality butter pecan ice cream, Butterscotch Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup chopped toffee bars recommended: Heath bar, Whipped cream, for garnish, Maraschino cherry, for garnish, 1 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup corn syrup, 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Ginas Butterscotch Sundae, picturelink: Vu8DMMftHuWtOdvuJGIypBWqzZNQ0aO}, 43741: {instructions: Combine the cabbage, carrot, red onion, green onions, and chile in a large bowl. In another bowl, mix the mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar, lemon juice, and sugar stirring to incorporate. Pour the dressing over the cabbage mixture and toss gently to mix. Season the cole slaw with celery seed, hot sauce, salt, and pepper. Chill for 2 hours in refrigerator before serving., ingredients: [1 head green cabbage, shredded, 2 carrots, grated, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 green onions, chopped, 1 red chile, sliced, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 14 cup Creole mustard, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 lemon, juiced, Pinch sugar, 12 teaspoon celery seed, Several dashes hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Slaw, picturelink: CMq2w692o3p3smKrg2p6Z3sjdbD5eF2}, 43742: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHot pickled vegetables, drained and chopped recommended: Giardiniara, for servingnPut the chiles in a pot with the stock and bring to a boil over medium heat. Then lower heat to a simmer until softened, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the oil, 1 turn of the pan, over mediumhigh heat in a large Dutch oven or soup pot. When the oil smokes, add the bacon and cook until crispy, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the meat, raise the heat to high and brown for 8 minutes. Lower the heat a bit, add the onions and garlic and cook for 5 to 6 minutes to soften. Season the meat and onions with black pepper, to taste, hold off on the salt until the chili is completed due to the addition of the bacon and the stock.nAdd the anchos with the stock to a food processor and puree until smooth. Set aside.nAdd the tomato paste to the meat mixture, stir 1 minute, then pour in the ancho stock. Stir in the tomatoes, spices, cocoa and cinnamon. Simmer for a few minutes, adjust the seasoning and add a touch of salt, if needed.nServe the chili in shallow bowls topped with cheese, raw red onions, and spicy chopped vegetables., ingredients: [3 ancho chiles, stemmed and seeded, 1 quart beef stock, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 slices lean, smoky bacon, chopped, 2 pounds ground sirloin, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 15ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, 2 tablespoons smoked sweet paprika for mild mole, or chili powder for spicy mole, a couple of palmfuls, 1 tablespoon coriander, a palmful, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Salt, if necessary, 2 cups shredded or crumbled extrasharp white Cheddar, 1 small red onion, finely chopped], title: Mole Chili, picturelink: R513Z2WOI9Wcyb4AyiTVxKl0Kdq798O}, 43743: {instructions: In a large kettle bring wine and water to a boil. Add lobsters and cook covered for 3 minutes they will be partially cooked. Transfer lobsters with tongs to a large bowl and boil cooking liquid until reduced to about 12 cup.nTwist off claws and with the flat side of a heavy knife crack claws on one side. Cut off tails and cut each tail crosswise into 4 pieces, cutting through shell and discarding dark intestinal vein. Halve body sections and discard head sacs. Reserve tomalley and any row if desired. Lobsters can be prepared up to this point 4 hours ahead and chilled, covered.nIn a six quart kettle bring 5 quarts salted water to a boil for spaghetti.nIn a five quart kettle bring tomato sauce, lobster cooking liquid, and reserved tomalley and roe if using, to a simmer, whisking. Add claws and bodies and simmer covered for 5 minutes or until the claw meat is just cooked through. Transfer claws with tongs to a large bowl and keep warm, covered.nAdd tail pieces to the sauce and simmer, covered, 3 to 4 minutes, or until just cooked through. Transfer tail pieces to a bowl and keep warm, covered. Remove and discard lobster bodies.nAdd mussels to sauce and simmer, covered, 3 to 8 minutes, checking every minute or so and transferring as opened with tongs into a bowl. Keep mussels warm, covered discard any mussels that have not opened after 8 minutes. Season sauce with salt and pepper and keep warm, covered.nWhile seafood is cooking, cook spaghetti in boiling water until al dente, and drain in a colander. Add spaghetti, lobster, and mussels to sauce and heat over moderate heat until heated through, stirring and tossing mixture until spaghetti is coated well with saucenIn a heavy 5 quart saucepan cook garlic in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until golden and add onion and red pepper flakes. Cook mixture, stirring until onion is softened and add tomato puree, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer sauce, stirring occasionally, 35 minutes or until thickened slightly. Sauce may be made 3 days ahead and chilled, covered.nYield: 6 cups, ingredients: [1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup water, 2 1 12 pound live lobsters, 2 pounds spaghetti, 6 cups spicy tomato sauce recipe follows, 1 pound mussels preferably cultivated, scrubbed well and beards pulled off, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves wash and dry before mincing, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped fine, 12 teaspoon dried hot pepper flakes, 2 28 to 32ounce cans tomatoes, including juice, pureed course in a blender in 2 batches, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled], title: Spaghetti with Lobster and Mussels, picturelink: null}, 43744: {instructions: In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat eggs with cup sugar until the mixture is thick and light. Add sour cream, butter, and vanilla and combine the mixture well. In a bowl sift together flour, doubleacting baking powder, salt and add the mixture to the sourcream mixture, 1 cup at a time, stirring after each addition until the dough is just combined. With a wooden spoon stir in more flour, 14 cup at a time, until the dough begins to leave the sides of the bowl. The dough will be sticky. Turn the dough out onto a surface sprinkled generously with flour, dust it with more flour, and roll or pat it out 13  inch thick. Let the dough rest for 15 minutes. With a 2 12 inch cutter dipped in flour, cut out rounds. With a 1inch cutter dipped in flour cut out the centers from the rounds, reserving them, and cut 1inch rounds, reserving them, from the scraps. The doughnuts will be tough if the dough is rolled again.nIn a large deep fryer heat 3 inches vegetable shortening or vegetable oil to 365 degrees and in it fry the doughnuts, 4 at a time, for 1 minute on each side, or until they are golden brown, transferring them with a skimmer as they are fried to paper towels to drain. Fry the doughnut holes, 8 at a time, for 45 seconds on each side, or until they are golden brown, transferring them with the skimmer as they are fried to paper towels to drain.nFor the Vanilla Glaze: In the top of a double boiler set over simmering water combine milk, butter, and vanilla and heat the mixture until the butter is melted. Add gradually sugar, beating, and beat the glaze until it is smooth. Dip donuts and holes, 1 at a time, in the glaze, turning them to coat them, and transfer them with tongs to a rack set over waxed paper to dry. If desired, the doughnuts may be left unglazed and dredged in granulated sugar, shaking off the excess., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 23 cup sugar, 23 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 14 cups all  purpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 teaspoons doubleacting baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil or vegetable shortening, 13 cup milk, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Glazed Cake Donuts, picturelink: null}, 43745: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the water and kombu. Bring to a simmer, uncovered, over medium heat. Remove the kombu and discard. Bring the liquid to a boil, add the bonito flakes and immediately remove the pan from the heat. Let the dashi sit undisturbed for 2 minutes. Strain through a fine mesh strainer into a medium bowl. Discard the bonito flakes. Use now or store covered in the refrigerator for up to 3 days., ingredients: [6 cups cold water, One 12inch long piece of kombu, wiped with a damp cloth, 1 package shaved dried bonito flakes 0.88ounce25 grams], title: Dashi, picturelink: null}, 43746: {instructions: In a heavyduty roasting pan or in a large, deep skillet, heat the oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Add the shells and sear until they turn bright pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the orange quarters, fennel seeds, star anise, 4 quarts cold water, the tomatoes, bay leaves, garlic, chile peppers, sea salt, and tomato paste. Bring to a boil, uncovered, and boil vigorously for 30 minutes. To extract the maximum flavor from the shells, use a wooden mallet to crush and break them up while the soup is cooking. Line a large colander with a double layer of dampened cheesecloth, and place the colander over a large bowl. Ladle the broth into the colander, discarding the solids. Taste for seasoning. Serve warm in small cups as an appetizer, or in warmed shallow soup bowls as a first course., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 lbs. langoustine shells, rinsed but left whole or substitute shrimp or lobster shells, 2 oranges, preferably organic, rinsed and quartered, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 2 whole pieces star anise, One 28ounce can Italian plum tomatoes in their juice do not drain, Several fresh or dried bay leaves, 1 plump, moist head garlic, halved crosswise but not peeled, 14 teaspoon ground chile pepper, or piment dEspelette, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 tablespoon tomato paste], title: Spicy Langoustine Broth Bouillon de Langoustine Epice, picturelink: null}, 43747: {instructions: Toss the jicama in a colander with the lemon juice and let sit for 15 minutes. Using your hands, squeeze as much water as you possibly can out of the jicama, a handful at a time. Spread on a doubled layer of paper towels and blot with more paper towels. In a large bowl, toss the jicama with the onion, egg, flour, salt, and chili. Toss well to be sure the chile is evenly distributed in the mixture. Grate the potato into the bowl on the largest hole of the grater and toss again.nIn a large castiron skillet, heat I tablespoon of the oil over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Form the mixture into 2 12inch patties and saute them in batches, turning with a metal spatula when brown on one side, until crisp and brown. Add more oil to the skillet as necessary and keep the pancakes warm on a paper towellined baking sheet in a warm oven while you finish cooking the rest. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 cups shredded jicama see Note, Juice of I lemon, 2 tablespoons grated onion, I large egg, beaten, I tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon minced habanero chile, 1 russet potato, peeled, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, or as needed], title: Jicama Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 43748: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. If you are short on time, you can cook the pork at temperatures up to 350 degrees F however, slower and lower cooking results in more tender and juicy meat.nTo prepare the pork for cooking, set the pork on a baking sheet and score the skin into a crisscross pattern. Be sure to only score the fat and not deep enough to cut into the meat. Scoring exposes more fat to the heat, which results in more fat being rendered during cooking.nBring the vinegar, sugar and 5 cups water to a boil in a saucepan then add the baking soda and bring back up to a boil. Carefully pour the boiling liquid over the skin of the roast. Pat the skin dry and discard the liquid. Next, rub the grapeseed and olive oils all over the pork then rub the pork with the rosemary and thyme. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nPlace the pork in a roasting pan and transfer to the oven. Cook, uncovered, until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F, about 1 12 hours.nWhen done, remove the pork from the pan and transfer it to a rack set over a baking sheet. Cover with vented foil and let rest for at least 15 minutes the internal temp will increase by at least 5 or 10 degrees., ingredients: [1 fourrib pork roast approximately 3 pounds, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons baking soda, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Rack of Pork, picturelink: BDM3UA1WdLaSkQF81N.iV3x3TD4fxD.}, 43749: {instructions: Bring 6 quarts water to boil and add 2 tablespoons salt.nIn a 12 to 14inch saute pan, heat oil until smoking. Add shallots, garlic and chilies and saute until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add wine, bring to a boil, add butter and remove from heat. Cook pasta according to package instructions until just al dente and drain. Add to pan with wine mixture and return pan to heat. Add crab, radicchio and scallion and toss until radicchio is wilted, about 1 minute. Pour into warm serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound linguine, 12 pound fresh crab meat, 12 head radicchio, shredded, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Linguine with Radicchio, Garlic and Crab, picturelink: null}, 43750: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, whip eggs until slightly frothy. Slowly whisk oil into eggs in a slow steady stream until emulsified. Add remaining ingredients and mix well. Keep refrigerated until ready to use. Serve over mesclun greens.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [2 ounces pasteurized eggs, 2 ounces aged sherry vinegar, 8 ounces canola oil, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Aged Sherry Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 43751: {instructions: Combine the cream cheese, dill, and green olives in a bowl and mix well with a fork.nSpread a thin layer of the cream cheese mixture on each deli meat slice, arrange a pickle down the center of each, and roll them up.nRefrigerate for 30 minutes to firm then cut each roll into 3 slices and serve. May be made up to 1 day in advance., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons sliced pimentostuffed green olives, 4 slices zerocarb deli ham about 1ounce each, 4 slices zerocarb deli turkey breast about 1ounce each, 8 kosher dill pickle spears], title: Dill Deli Rolls, picturelink: null}, 43752: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nGenerously coat a heavy rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Place the beets on the baking sheet and spray them generously. Roast in the center of the oven until wrinkly and tender a fork should slide through with no resistance, 45 to 60 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside.nWhen the beets are cool enough to handle, peel them wrap one at a time in a kitchen towel or wear gloves and gently massage the skin away. Slice the beets in half lengthwise. Place them flatside down and cut each half lengthwise into 3 wedges. Keep the beets in separate bowls so the colors dont combine.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, sugar, salt and pepper. While whisking, stream in the olive oil. Add about a third of the dressing to each of the bowls of beets and toss to coat.nIn a separate bowl, toss the mint, arugula and remaining dressing to combine. Season with salt to taste.nTo serve, place the salad mixture on a serving platter or on individual plates, top with the dressed beets and feta cheese and garnish with mint., ingredients: [Olive oil cooking spray, 4 medium golden beets, unpeeled, 4 medium red beets, unpeeled, 14 cup white balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup goodquality olive oil, 1 cup fresh mint, sliced into thin ribbons, plus more for garnish, 4 ounces arugula, 6 ounces goodquality feta cheese], title: Roasted Beet Salad, picturelink: kcj5F3cSj5QeurzA6vyCeV.tkKROyx6}, 43753: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Combine the olive oil, oregano, red pepper flakes and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Brush the cut sides of the baguette with some of the flavored oil. Grill cutside down until toasted, about 4 minutes.nRub the grilled sides of the baguette with the garlic. Top with the tomato slices, season with salt and cover with the provolone. Grill, covered, until the cheese melts, 3 to 5 minutes. Drizzle with the remaining flavored oil and season with salt. Cut into pieces.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 12 baguette, halved lengthwise, 1 large clove garlic, halved, 1 medium tomato, halved and sliced 14 inch thick, 14 pound sliced provolone cheese], title: OpenFaced Tomato Grilled Cheese, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 43754: {instructions: For the brine: In a large container, add the salt, sugar, coriander, red pepper flakes, fennel, celery, garlic, and enough water to cover the chops and stir to combine. Submerge the pork chops in the brine and let sit in the refrigerator until ready to cook, at least 30 minutes.nBring the chops to room temperature before cooking. Remove the chops from the brine, discarding the brine.nFor the chops: Preheat a cast iron pan.nRoll the fat edge of each pork chop in the fennel pollen. Place the pork chops gently in the heated pan.nSear the chops on all sides and cook for about 9 minutes. Remove the chops from the pan and let rest in a warm place before serving. The doneness of the meat should be about medium to mediumwell and be very juicy.nFor the fennelfontina sausage: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the pork shoulder with the garlic, salt, red pepper flakes, fennel seed, and coriander. Grind the pork twice through the large grind of a stand mixer fitted with a meat grinder attachment. Gently stir in the cheese. Add the cold water and mix lightly. Stuff the ground pork into a casing using the sausage horn attachment to the stand mixer and twist off into evenly sized links. Transfer to a parchmentlined sheet pan and roast in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes.nPreheat a saute pan and drizzle with olive oil. Remove the sausages from the oven and brown them in the pan.nFor the Swiss chard: Coat a saute pan with olive oil. Toss in the garlic, red pepper flakes, bacon, and a couple drops olive oil. Bring the pan to medium heat. When the garlic is golden and very aromatic, remove it and discard.nWhen the bacon has become crispy, toss in the Swiss chard stems and fennel and saute for 5 minutes. Stir in the chicken stock, as needed, and season with salt. When the chicken stock has reduced, toss in the Swiss chard leaves and season with salt. Cook the leaves until they are just wilted, 3 to 4 minutes.nFor the polenta cakes: In a saucepan, combine the milk, water, bay leaf, and cayenne. Bring the mixture to a boil over low heat and season generously with salt. Take the seasoning to the edge of too salty. To do this you must taste as you go. Polenta acts as a salt eraser, if you dont season abundantly here you will never recover from it.nOnce the liquid is at a boil and is seasoned appropriately, sprinkle in the polenta, whisking constantly. Once the polenta is combined, switch over to a wooden spoon and stir frequently until the polenta has become thick. Taste the polenta to see if it has cooked through. If it still feels mealy and grainy, add some more milk or water and cook it to a thick consistency. Repeat this process, as needed, until the polenta feels smooth on your tongue, about 30 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and stir in the chopped sage and mascarpone.nLine a 7 by 7inch square pan with plastic wrap. Pour the polenta into the prepared pan. Cover the top with more plastic wrap smoothed onto the surface of the polenta. Chill in the refrigerator until needed. All of this can totally be done ahead of time, like yesterday CoolnRemove the polenta from the pan and cut into desired shapes. Coat a nonstick saute pan with olive oil and bring to mediumhigh heat. Once the pan is hot and starting to smoke just a little, add the polenta shapes. Cook the polenta on both sides and finish by sprinkling with a little bit of grated Parmigiano.nFor plating: Place 1 polenta cake on each plate and top with Swiss chard and bacon. Lean 1 chop on each polenta cake. Slice the sausages on the bias and plate 2 slices on each plate. Finish with a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons coriander seed, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Stalks and fronds from 1 fennel bulb, chopped, 1 rib celery, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, Water, 4 bonein pork rib chops, 2 tablespoons wild fennel pollen, plus more, if needed, 2 pounds pork shoulder, cut into 1inch chunks pork should have a good amount of fat, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon fennel seed, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 14 cup cold water, 12 cup Fontina cheese, small dice, Hog casing, Olive oil, Olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Crushed red pepper flakes, 3 slices bacon, cut into lardons, 5 Swiss chard leaves, stems removed and cut into 12inch lengths, leaves cut into 1inch lengths, 1 fennel bulb, thinly sliced, 14 to 12 cup chicken stock, Kosher salt, 1 cup milk, 2 cups water, 1 bay leaf, Pinch cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 1 cup polenta, 4 fresh sage leaves, finely chopped, 14 cup mascarpone, Extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons grated ParmigianoReggiano, Quality olive oil, for drizzling], title: Pork Three Ways: Brined Pork Chops, FennelFontina Sausage, and Swiss Chard with Bacon and Fennel over Polenta Cakes, picturelink: p1XvZVPr649eN1cEJhjpNCCYGLjqwyy}, 43755: {instructions: Mince carrots, onions, and celery in a food processor and saute in heavy pot with oil. Mince mushrooms in a food processor, add to pot along with tarragon, salt, and pepper. Cook for about 15 minutes. Do not burn.nAdd stock and cream and bring to a boil. Mix melted butter and flour until smooth and whip into soup. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly until all of the flour and butter mixture is incorporated and the soup is thickened. Simmer for 30 minutes and serve. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 carrot, 12 onion, 2 stalks celery, 1 tablespoon butter or oil, plus 2 tablespoons melted butter or oil, 2 pounds washed button mushrooms, 12 pound washed shiitake mushrooms, 12 pound washed oyster mushrooms, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped tarragon, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 3 pints chicken or vegetable stock, 1 pint heavy cream, 2 tablespoons flour], title: Chester County Mushroom Soup, picturelink: null}, 43756: {instructions: Heat the cream, sugar, vanilla, and vanilla seeds in a small saucepan only until the sugar is dissolved. Be sure the sugar is dissolved  you will no longer feel any grittiness from the sugar if you rub some cream between your fingers. Strain into a bowl, cover, and chill very well. Add the Armagnac and freeze the mixture in an ice cream freezer according to the manufacturers directions. Spoon into a freezer container and allow to chill in the freezer for a few hours before serving., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 23 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Seeds scraped from 1 vanilla bean, 14 cup good Armagnac or Cognac], title: Vanilla Armagnac Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 43757: {instructions: Whisk marinade ingredients together in a bowl. Place shrimp in a plastic bag with marinade for 1 to 2 hours and refrigerator. Soak bamboo skewers in water for the same amount of time to prevent burning. Using 2 bamboo skewers skewer the prawns alternating with a scallion pieces and pepper pieces so the brochettes will lay flat and be easy to flip over. Grill on each side for 2 to 3 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup sesame oil, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1.4 cup peanut oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 tablespoon minced fresh red jalapeno chile, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 pound 16 to 20 size gulf prawns, peeled and deveined, Bamboo skewers, 1 bunch scallions, cleaned and cut in 2inch pieces, 2 red bell peppers, medium cut], title: Teriyaki Prawn Skewers, picturelink: null}, 43758: {instructions: Toast nuts in the bottom of a medium saucepot over medium heat. Transfer toasted nuts to a dish and reserve. Return pot to the stove top. Add broth and oil, cover pot and raise heat bring the broth to a boil. Remove pot from heat, immediately. Add couscous, orange zest and parsley, then stir. Cover and let couscous stand 5 minutes. Fluff cooked couscous with fork and toss with toasted almonds.nTIDBIT: Slice zested oranges and serve them after dinner., ingredients: [2 ounces 14 cup sliced almonds, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups plain couscous, 2 navel oranges, zested, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, a handful], title: Orange and Almond Couscous, picturelink: C2FWllY04WpBLdOZ23ACSHzUNkdNG3O}, 43759: {instructions: With a sharp knife, cut asparagus diagonally into very thin slices and transfer to a large bowl. Halve large mushrooms. Slice mushrooms very thin and add with radishes to asparagus. Toss salad gently.nIn a small bowl, whisk together lemon juice, mustard and salt. Add oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk until emulsified. Drizzle dressing over asparagus salad and toss gently. Grind pepper over salad.nSpread watercress on a platter and top with asparagus salad. With a vegetable peeler, shave 12 to 34 of Parmesan into curls over salad, reserving remaining Parmesan for another use., ingredients: [1 pound medium to thick asparagus, trimmed, 12 pound mushrooms, stems trimmed even with caps, 4 medium radishes, halved lengthwise and sliced thin crosswise, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch watercress, coarse stems discarded, 14pound piece Parmesan, room temperature], title: Asparagus and Mushroom Salad with Shaved Parmesan, picturelink: iImLrOxf98OSP5JAlmmW8L0RQtFRjc.}, 43760: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSift the flour and salt together and rub in the butter and lard until the mixture resembles bread crumbs. Add the cheese and bind with a little cold water. Chill for 30 minutes and then roll out to line an 8inch flan dish. Chill again for 30 minutes.nCover with foil and baking beans and bake blind in the oven for 10 minutes. Remove foil and baking beans and cook for a further 5 minutes. If continuing with the recipe leave the oven on.nPeel the tomatoes, seed, slice, strain and save the juice.nIn a small pan heat the oil over a low heat and saute the onion until soft, add the garlic and oregano and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomato juice, season and cook until the juice is almost absorbed. Put this in the pastry case shell and cover with the fish. If you are using fresh tuna cook it in a pan with a little more oil for about 2 minutes turning as necessary, then flake it. Cover with the tomatoes and grated cheese. Whisk the eggs with the cream and pour over the tomatoes, scattering the olives on top. Bake in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes.nServe hot or cold with a green salad, or a salad of green beans, or deep fried French Beans which you have dipped in batter, ingredients: [4 ounces plain flour, Salt, 1 ounce butter, 1 ounce lard, 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan cheese, optional, Cold water, 1 pound tomatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 anchovy fillets, chopped or small can of tuna or 4ounce piece fresh tuna, 1 ounce strong Cheddar, grated, 2 large eggs, 14 12 cup pint single cream, 1 ounce stoned black olives, chopped], title: Tomato Tartlets, picturelink: null}, 43761: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nToss the trimmed asparagus with the olive oil and some salt and pepper. Grill until lightly charred on each side, but still robust and crunchy, about 5 minutes. When cool enough to handle, cut the asparagus into very thin slices on the bias diagonal, and set aside.nBrush both sides of the bread slices with olive oil. Grill the bread on both sides until toasted with nice grill marks. Remove from the grill and immediately rub the slices of bread on one side with the peeled garlic cloves.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the goat cheese, tomatoes and red pepper until well combined. Spread the goat cheese mixture on the grilled bread in an even layer. Divide the asparagus among each slice of bread, layering it on top of the cheese mixture. Cut each slice in half, and serve the bruschetta immediately., ingredients: [12 thick asparagus spears, woody stems trimmed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more as needed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices sourdough bread, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 10 ounces goat cheese, 14 cup oilpacked sundried tomatoes, julienned, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Grilled Asparagus Bruschetta, picturelink: JKr33fVFLBd3sUvVa05D6Unpy35Wyq}, 43762: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSaute the garlic and onions over medium heat until the onions are translucent. Set aside and let cool.nCombine the parsley, ricotta, 14 cup Parmesan, the salt, oregano and pepper in a bowl. Add the onion and garlic mixture with the beef, breadcrumbs, eggs and carrots. Mix gently by hand, being careful not to overmix.nRoll out 21 meatballs by hand and arrange on a baking sheet. Bake for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the marinara sauce in a saucepan.nArrange the meatballs on a platter and top with the marinara sauce and remaining Parmesan., ingredients: [3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 onion, finely minced or grated, 1 cup fresh Italian parsley, chopped, 13 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus 13 cup for serving, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 12 cups unseasoned breadcrumbs, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 carrot, finely grated, 1 jar marinara sauce], title: The Classic Italian Blitzkrieg Ball, picturelink: null}, 43763: {instructions: Melt butter over medium heat in a medium sauce pot. Add rice and toast in butter 2 minutes. Add stock and bring rice up to a boil. Cook rice 17 to 18 minutes until tender and liquids are absorbed. Remove from heat, fluff rice with fork, then stir in the parsley and cheese. Season the rice with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups white rice, 3 cups chicken stock, Handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 cup grated Manchego cheese, Salt and pepper], title: Manchego Cheesy Rice, picturelink: UUE.SIXYmZuuHQAH7rNCnOnsIZeO0qi}, 43764: {instructions: Place the pigs feet and ears into a large pot along with fennel, carrots, sage, tarragon, rosemary, onions, bay leaves, celery and lemons, and then cover ingredients with vegetable stock or water. Bring to a rolling boil and then immediately reduce the heat. Simmer for a minimum of 6 hours, testing for tenderness with a knife as you go. The ears will be cooked before the feet, so remove them sooner or add them to the pot later. When the flesh is tender, remove the pot from the heat and let it rest in the cooking liquid for 20 minutes.nServe the cooked trotters and ears with a ladlefull of broth from the pot and some crispy French bread., ingredients: [6 pigs trotters feet split between the toes, 6 pigs ears, 8 cups water or vegetable stock, 1 fennel bulb, roughly chopped, 3 carrots, roughly chopped, 1 small bunch sage, 1 small bunch tarragon, 1 small bunch rosemary, 2 large onions, roughly chopped, 6 bay leaves, 1 small head celery 5 to 6 stalks roughly chopped, 3 lemons, cut in 12, 1 loaf French bread], title: Hogs Trotters and Ears, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 43765: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nBlend all ingredients and roll into quartersized balls. Place on cookie sheet sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Bake for 30 minutes.nCool. Should be soft after cooling, ingredients: [3 cups cake flour, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons corn meal, 1 6ounce can tuna water drained, 14 cup Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons oregano, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 34 cup water], title: Tuna Balls, picturelink: null}, 43766: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Dredge in the flour and pat off the excess. Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add 2 tablespoons of the oil. Add the chicken skinside down and saute until golden brown, about 5 minutes per side. Remove the chicken from the skillet and reserve. Discard the oil and wipe the pan out with a paper towel. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and heat over mediumlow heat. Add the onion and cook until golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Add the lemon zest, garlic, and rosemary, and cook for 2 minutes more. Add the honey, lemon juice, and broth, increase the heat and bring to a simmer. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the onions to a 9 by 13inch ovenproof casserole, and spread them out. Arrange the chicken, skinside up in a single layer on the onions. Pour the cooking liquid over the chicken. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Bake in the oven, basting every 15 minutes, until cooked through, about 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, GP. All rights reserved, ingredients: [One 3 12 to 4pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, patted dry, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour for dredging, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, Peel of half a lemon, white pith removed, cut into very thin strips, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 teaspoons fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 cup chicken broth, homemade or canned lowsodium], title: Baked Lemon Chicken, picturelink: uSO8D0KAiidQ2jEuLhO4UK8nwPqGse}, 43767: {instructions: In a heavy bottomed glass jar, crush the mint and celery leaves with a wood spoon. Store for 1 month in a cool, dark place.nStrain through cheesecloth. Bottle the vinegar with sprigs of fresh mint and celery., ingredients: [12 cup fresh mint leaves, 12 cup fresh celery leaves yellow leaves, 3 cups champagne vinegar or mild white vinegar], title: Mint and Celery Leaf Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 43768: {instructions: Add seasonings to flour. Roll chicken wings in mixture. Preheat oil in deep fryer to 375 degrees. Add floured chicken wings and cook for approximately 10 minutes until golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups flour, or enough to cover, Pinch Accent, Pinch salt, Pinch black pepper, Pinch garlic powder, Pinch paprika, Pinch beef base powdered beef stock, 1 pound chicken wings, Oil to cover for frying], title: Dots Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 43769: {instructions: In a medium pitcher, combine 3 parts champagne to 1 part strawberry juice. Stir together well. Pour into punch bowl and stir in whole strawberries to suit. Ladle into glasses and serve. As an alternative, try substituting mango juice for the strawberry juice., ingredients: [1 12ounce can strawberry juice, 1 bottle Champagne, Whole strawberries], title: Strawberry Champagne Punch, picturelink: ibprAQqwCtHvyrXLau6X9.YMySSwWom}, 43770: {instructions: Mix all ingredients by shaking in 1quart jar with a tightfitting lid. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Shake well before dressing. Good on salad greens, seafood salad or boiled potatoes., ingredients: [1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 clove garlic, peeled and finely minced, 2 tablespoons finely minced scallions, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Creamy GarlicButtermilk Dressing, picturelink: null}, 43771: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the mayonnaise, curry powder, lemon juice and some salt and pepper to a large bowl and stir to combine. Add the chicken, raisins, shallots and celery and mix gently. Serve immediately or refrigerate. Sprinkle with the chopped cilantro before serving., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded cooked chicken we used a rotisserie chicken, 13 cup golden raisins, 1 shallot, diced, 1 stalk celery, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Curry Chicken Salad, picturelink: MNOBWoRknnych.A6JNjIszDligOG5SO}, 43772: {instructions: You will need two large saucepots. In one pot saute one onion and half the garlic in 2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil until transparent. Cut Portuguese chourico into desired pieces, and add 1 pound to the onion mixture. Add 3 tablespoons crushed red pepper in vinegar.nDo the same exact thing in the other large saucepot.nTo one pot, add 4 cups water, 1 can of tomatoes, ketchup, Portuguese allspice, if using, and chopped parsley. Let simmer for about 10 minutes.nAdd potatoes, skins on, cut in desired pieces. When potatoes are almost cooked, add fresh green beans or pea pods. Do not overcook the beans or peas unless you like overdone vegetables.nTo the other pot, add the remaining tomatoes, and wine or vermouth. Add lobster tails, clams, mussels, and fish. Steam until the shellfish opens and serve together with the stew., ingredients: [2 large Spanish onions, chopped, 1 head garlic, divided into cloves, peeled, and chopped, 5 to 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds Portuguese chourico linguica is the milder sausage for the faint of heart., 6 tablespoons crushed red pepper in vinegar, 4 cups of water, 2 16ounce cans crushed tomatoes or vegetable tomato juice, 14 cup ketchup, 1 teaspoon Portuguese allspice, optional, 14 cup chopped parsley, 3 to 5 red bliss potatoes, 1 bunch garden green beans or pea pods, 14 to 12 cup of any wine or vermouth, 3 to 5 lobster tails, 1 pound Cherrystone clams, 1 pound mussels, 1 pound cod or sea bass], title: Portuguese Stew, picturelink: null}, 43773: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nSeason the short ribs with salt and pepper and brown well in the oil and butter combined in a large saute pan. Remove the ribs and place into a casserole or roasting pan.nAdd the onion, carrot and celery to the saute pan and begin to caramelize the vegetables.nContinue to cook the vegetable mixture before adding the jalapeno, garlic, tomato, cumin, beer and stock in quick succession. Bring this mixture to a rapid boil before pouring over the ribs in the casserole. The liquid should not rise more than 23 up the side of the ribs and the ribs should not be entirely submerged.nPlace the casserole into the oven, add the bouquet and braise the ribs until fork tender, about 1 12 hours.nRemove the casserole from the oven, allow to rest for several minutes before placing the ribs on a sheet pan. Degrease the braising liquid, strain the vegetables out and discard and reserve the remaining juices for serving.nCombine the mustard and honey in a bowl and liberally brush over the ribs. Place the ribs back into the oven and roast another 10 minutes until the glaze is caramelized dark and delicious.nServe with the cookingbraising liquid in a sauce boat., ingredients: [4 pounds beef short ribs, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon whole butter, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 ounces dark beer, 3 cups beef stock, 2 tablespoons each of rosemary, thyme and oregano tied in a bouquet garni of cheese cloth, 12 cup pommery mustard, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Mustard Glazed Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 43774: {instructions: Melt butter in a 3quart pan over medium heat. Add onion and cook for 2 minutes or until soft. Add fresh shiitake, button mushrooms, oyster mushrooms and minced ginger. Cook for 3 minutes or until mushrooms are soft and pan juices have evaporated. Stir in the cornstarch and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the vegetable broth and halfandhalf. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Add vegetable oysterflavored sauce and stir to mix well. Add chopped cilantro and chopped green onions. Place soup in a blender or food processor and process until smooth. Add sesame oil and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls. Garnish each serving with enoki mushrooms, green onion slivers and cilantro leaves., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup chopped onion, 2 cups coarsely chopped fresh shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup coarsely chopped fresh button mushrooms, 1 cup coarsely chopped fresh oyster mushrooms, 1 teaspoon fresh minced ginger, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 cups vegetable broth, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oysterflavored sauce, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped cilantro, 1 teaspoon coarsely chopped green onion, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 18 teaspoon ground white pepper, Enoki mushrooms, green onion slivers, cilantro leaves], title: Triple Mushroom Soup, picturelink: null}, 43775: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a 9 by 13inch baking dish with softened butter.nIn a large, deep skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat and saute the onions and garlic for 5 minutes. Stir in the cream and cook for 1 minute.nPour a small amount of the onioncream mixture on the bottom of the buttered baking dish. Crumble 6ounces of cheese over the bottom. Layer the potatoes, overlapping them a bit, on top of the cream and cheese. Season with salt, and pepper, to taste.nPour more onioncream mixture on top of potatoes and sprinkle with a handful of grated Parmesan. Top with 6ounces more of Red Hawk cheese. Repeat this step until all the potatoes and onioncream has been used up.nSprinkle the top of the gratin with the reserved Parmesan cheese. Cover the gratin with aluminum foil and bake for 1 hour. Remove the foil then bake for 30 to 45 minutes more, or until the cheese on top is golden brown and the gratin in bubbling., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup sliced onions, 5 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 cup cream, 24ounces Red Hawk triple creme cheese, 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, sliced 18inch thick, unpeeled, 2 cups grated Parmesan set aside 12 cup of cheese for topping the gratin], title: Red Hawk Potato Gratin, picturelink: 3YYEMzCm6TZEhWkhdjyW00ptirs3fm}, 43776: {instructions: In a blend combine the oils, vinegar and mint season to taste with salt and pepper. Combine the dressing with warm orzo and wild rice serve at room temperature., ingredients: [6 tablespoons each vegetable and walnut oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 bunch mint leaves, rinsed, Salt and pepper, 3 cups orzo rice, cooked until al dente 6 cups cooked, 2 cups cooked wild rice], title: Minted Rice Salad, picturelink: null}, 43777: {instructions: Scrub the clams under cold running water, discarding any that fail to close to the touch. In a large bowl, combine the clams, a handful of coarse salt and enough water to cover the clams. Let stand for at least 30 minutes or up to 2 hours so that the clams release any sand trapped in their shells. Drain and set aside the clams.nThen, in a deep skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and garlic and saute, stirring often, until golden, about 1 minute. Sprinkle in the paprika and breadcrumbs and saute a couple of minutes longer, until the ingredients are very fragrant and golden. Add the clams, white wine and clam broth. Cover and let steam for a few minutes, just until the clams open. Discard any clams that dont open.nCheck the broth for seasoning. Sprinkle with the parsley and serve the clams with their broth and some crusty sourdough bread on the side. Lemon wedges are optional., ingredients: [2 pounds small littleneck clams, Coarse salt, for soaking the clams, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 an onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon Spanish paprika pimenton, 1 tablespoon fresh breadcrumbs, 12 glass Spanish white wine, such as Albarino, 14 cup clam broth or natural clam juice, 2 tablespoons fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Crusty sourdough bread, for serving, 1 lemon, cut into wedges, optional], title: Almejas a la Marinera Sailors Clams, picturelink: null}, 43778: {instructions: In a small saucepan, reduce orange juice to 2 ounces. Chill.nIn a double boiler, whip egg yolks and chilled orange juice until it is 3 times its volume. Add butter in a slow steady stream to form an emulsion.nPeel and seed jalapeno. Puree with knife. Add to egg mixture. Add salt and pepper to taste. Hold warm., ingredients: [1 12 cups orange juice, 4 egg yolks, 1 pint clarified butter, 2 red jalapeno peppers, roasted, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Hollandaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43779: {instructions: Place everything in a blender and pulse until smooth., ingredients: [1 chile de arbol, toasted and stemmed, 1 banana, 12 cup cubed cantaloupe, 12 cup diced pineapple, 1 mango, peeled and sliced, 12 cup halved strawberries, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup ice, optional], title: Fresh Fruit Smoothie with a Kick, picturelink: null}, 43780: {instructions: Special equipment: 13 x 9 x 2inch baking pannPreheat oven to 325 degrees. Grease a 13 x 9 x 2inch baking pan. Line bottom with waxed paper or parchment. Grease paper.nPlace date pieces in a pot with water and bring to a boil. Stir in soda and set aside. Cream butter then add sugar and beat until creamed. Continue beating, adding eggs 2 at a time, mixing until fluffy, add vanilla. Mix in flour and baking powder, alternating with dates. Bake in a 325 degree oven until firm, about 4045 minutes, cool in pan on a wire rack. Invert cake onto rack remove paper invert cake again. Cover and chill. Cut out triangles. Cover with sauce. Warm to order1 minute in microwave.nFor sauce, add last 4 ingredients together and boil 3 minutes. Garnish with caramelized pears and dried pear chips.nIn a saute pan on medium, melt the butter then stir in the sugar. Simmer, stirring occasionally until it begins to turn golden brown and caramelized. Add brandy and lemon juice to the pan and simmer to incorporate. Add pear slices and cook slowly to tenderize and caramelize.nWash fruit and slice very thin on an electric meat slicker. Dip slices in simple syrup then lay on a parchment lined sheet pan. Place in a 200 degree convection oven for 4060 minutes, until dried out. While still hot, peel slices off paper. Cool completely on a wire rack. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 12 cups water, 1 10ounce container pitted dates, chopped, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 13 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 cups unsifted allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup brown sugar, 13 cup butter, 13 cup half and half, Caramelized Pears, recipe follows, Dried Pear Chips, recipe follows, 14 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 pears, peeled, halved, cored, sliced, 2 pears, 1 cup simple syrup 1 to 1], title: Sticky Toffee Pudding, picturelink: null}, 43781: {instructions: Combine onion and cucumber slices in a clean springtop jar.nCombine the remaining ingredients in a nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil. Simmer for 4 full minutes to wake up the flavors of the spices.nSlowly pour the hot pickling liquid over the onion and cucumber slice, completely filling the jar. Allow the pickles to cool to room temperature before topping off with any remaining pickling liquid. Refrigerate.nRefrigerate the pickles for a week to ripen. They will keep for about 2 months in the refrigerator., ingredients: [12 onion, thinly sliced, 2 medium cucumbers, thinly sliced, 1 cup water, 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 12 cups sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon celery seeds, 12 teaspoon pickling spice], title: Abs B and Bs, picturelink: PwOrW1VCJig5f.tqwZm.ABZGtj8eVvy}, 43782: {instructions: Special equipment: heavyduty aluminum foilnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put an oven rack in the lowest position with a 6inch clearance above. Cut eight 6inch squares of heavyduty foil and eight 1inch squares of heavyduty foil. Using the larger foil squares, wrap each sugar cone, molding to the shape of the cone to cover completely and tucking in excess. Spray the outside of the foil generously with cooking spray and set aside.nAdd 1 teaspoon canola oil to a medium pan over mediumhigh heat, then add the onions. Cook, stirring often, until the onions are soft, about 4 minutes. Add the beef and garlic and cook, breaking the meat apart with a spoon, 2 minutes, then add the chili powder and 1 teaspoon salt and stir well to incorporate. Add the salsa and 13 cup of water and cook, breaking apart the meat and stirring, until the sauce is bubbly and the beef is browned, 4 minutes more. Remove from the heat and set aside.nBrush both sides of each of the tortillas using the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Curl a tortilla into a cone shape with a closed point and a 3inchdiameter top and secure the seam with a toothpick. Trim the top of the cone with scissors to make an even edge. Slip a sugar cone inside the tortilla cone to help hold its shape and put it on a large baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining tortillas and cones.nBake for 5 minutes, then wrap the tip of each cone with the small foil squares to keep the tips from burning. Return to the oven until the cones are lightly browned and crisp and hold their shape, 5 to 7 minutes more. Remove the foil tips, and carefully remove the foil cone inserts and the toothpicks. Unwrap and reserve the sugar cones for another use. If the tortilla cones are still soft, return them, empty, to the oven, to cook until crisp, 1 to 2 minutes more.nMeanwhile reheat the meat filling and set it out along with the cheese, avocado, cilantro, sour cream, jalapenos, tomatoes, salsa, hot sauce and lime wedges for a taco bar. Serve the cones hot from the oven, allowing each eater to build his or her own taco., ingredients: [8 sugar ice cream cones, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon canola oil, 12 cup finely diced white onion, 1 pound ground chuck, 2 small cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons chili powder, Kosher salt, 14 cup salsa, plus more for serving, Eight 6inch fresh soft flour tortillas, 1 cup grated Cheddar, Mexican cheese blend or crumbled Cotija cheese, Diced avocado, for serving, Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, Sour cream, for serving, Diced fresh jalapenos or diced pickled jalapenos, for serving, Diced cherry tomatoes, for serving, Hot sauce, for serving, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Taco Cones, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 43783: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 12cup muffin tins with gold foil cupcake liners.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the cake mix, butter, milk, and eggs. Using a hand mixer beat on medium speed for 2 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl to be sure the batter is well incorporated. In a small bowl, mix together the 12 can of dulce de leche with 1 cup of cake batter and set aside.nUsing an icecream scoop, fill the muffin tins halfway to the top with the batter. Spoon a level tablespoon of the dulce de leche mixture into each cupcake liner, and with a butter knife swirl it into the batter. Bake until the tops are golden brown, and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the cupcakes from the oven and cool in the tins for 5 minutes. Transfer the cupcakes to a cooling rack to cool completely.nFrosting: In a cold mixing bowl, beat the cold heavy cream with a hand mixer until just before soft peaks form. Add the dulce de leche and beat until well incorporated and soft peaks form. Frost each cupcake with the caramel frosting, and sprinkle with gold dragees. Arrange the cupcakes on a serving tray and serve., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box golden butter cake mix recommended: Duncan Hines, 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 23 cup milk, 3 eggs, 12 13.4ounce can dulce de leche, Gold dragees, for decorating, 2 cups heavy cream, cold, 1 12 13.4ounce cans dulce de leche], title: Golden Caramel Cupcakes, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 43784: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a heavybottomed saucepan, bring the chicken stock, and whipping cream up to a low simmer. While simmering whisk in the grits and a pinch of salt. Stir constantly and return to a low simmer. Cook until thickened, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Stir in the butter and Parmesan cheese. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Heat a large saute pan over mediumheat. Melt butter and saute onion, garlic, and green bell pepper. Saute until tender and translucent, and add the sausage. When the sausage has cooked, add the shrimp and saute for about 2 minutes. Add white wine and diced tomatoes. Bring to a boil, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve over the Parmesan cheese grits. Garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [4 cups chicken broth, 12 cup whipping cream, 1 cup quick cooking grits, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup Parmesan, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 medium onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 12 pound smoked kielbasa sausage, sliced, 2 pounds uncooked large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: 4HT6YUxSctD267ypYHWa0xemV3j2T.G}, 43785: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSprinkle the veal with salt and pepper. Melt 12 tablespoon of butter with 2 teaspoons of oil in a heavy large frying pan over high heat. Working in batches if necessary, add the veal and saute until just cooked through and golden, about 45 to 60 seconds per side. Transfer the veal to a platter and tent with foil to keep it warm. Repeat with the remaining veal, adding more butter and oil to the pan as necessary.nMelt 1 tablespoon of butter and 1 tablespoon of oil in the same pan over high heat. Add the mushrooms and shallots. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, and saute until the mushrooms are golden brown, about 8 minutes. Add the wine, broth and saffron, and simmer until the liquid is reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the cream and boil until the sauce thickens slightly, stirring often, about 4 minutes. Add the peas and return the sauce to a simmer. Season the sauce, to taste, with salt and pepper.nPour the sauce over the veal and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 pound veal scaloppini about 12 slices, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, About 2 12 tablespoons butter, About 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced, 2 large shallots, finely chopped, 34 cup dry white wine, 1 cup beef broth, 14 teaspoon saffron threads, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Veal Scaloppini with Saffron Cream Sauce, picturelink: ga9nc5WcCG8y4.rx7mJ9EI4iU6YH9x2}, 43786: {instructions: Drain the soaked beans and add to a pot. Cover with 2 inches cold water and add the garlic, onions, cumin, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Leave to a simmer until the beans are tender and the liquid has turned into a thick sauce, 1 12 to 2 hours.nMelt the butter in a skillet and pour in the beans. Mash the beans leave some texture and cook over a medium heat, 3 or 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound dried black beans, soaked overnight in cold water, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large onion, diced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Refried Black Beans, picturelink: 9VID7VbIjgQ7WsQQ.vHY6yu1iiBhqTS}, 43787: {instructions: In a large bowl add the eggplant and milk. Let soak about 30 minutes, then strain and set aside. Whisk the eggs together in a medium glass bowl and place cornmeal on a flat sheet tray. Toss the drained eggplant into the egg until evenly coated. Remove with a slotted spoon and allow any excess to drip back into the bowl. Drop the eggplant into the cornmeal and toss to coat well. Remove from the cornmeal, place in a shallow bowl and refrigerate until needed.nMix the 13 cup olive oil, rice wine vinegar, and mustard in a small bowl and season with salt and peppernIn a large bowl, toss all the salad ingredients together including the torn mint and drizzle with the dressing.nHeat the oil in a deepfryer or a large saute pan, to 350 degrees F. In batches, if necessary, fry the eggplant until crispy and golden brown. Remove from fryer with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Place salad in serving plates and top each serving with eggplant., ingredients: [2 large eggplants peeled and sliced, 1 pint milk for soaking eggplant in, 4 eggs, 1 pound yellow cornmeal, 13 cup olive oil, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large head romaine lettuce, roughly torn, 1 ripe avocado diced, 1 ripe mango diced, 4 tomatoes diced, 1 English cucumber peeled and diced, 2 red onions thinly sliced, 1 red pepper cut into strips, 2 tablespoons torn mint leaves, 1 pint canola oil, for frying], title: Eggplant Salad, picturelink: MjOp7f2WRsSfv1Fr6DxuLM2tAd7ltAO}, 43788: {instructions: 1. Remove and discard glaze packet from ham or reserve for another use.n2. Make OrangeHoney Glaze: Mix sugar, honey and orange juice in small bowl until well blended.n3. Prepare and bake ham according to package directions, uncovering and brushing occasionally with the OrangeHoney Glaze for the last 30 minutes of the baking time.n4. Carve ham just before serving., ingredients: [1 Cooksu00ae Bonein Spiral Sliced Half Ham, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 14 cup honey, 14 cup orange juice], title: Orange HoneyGlazed Ham, picturelink: Px1iZr16MT6xk6gJbHZ1QVHbeJQRYLC}, 43789: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, mix the flour and a dash salt with a fork. Transfer the flour mixture to the bowl of a food processor. Add in the butter and 2 cups water. Pulse just until bound. Take the dough out of the food processor. Sprinkle the counter lightly with some flour. Cut the dough into three equal chunks. Flour your rolling pin, then roll out each piece of dough. Lightly fold in half, which creates a halfmoon shape, and move to baking sheet. Open and flatten out the dough. Wet your hands and wipe over the dough to moisten. Sprinkle with sea salt. Cut with ravioli wheel random sizes are best. Then take a fork and puncture the pieces. Repeat for the remaining pieces of dough. Bake until puffy and golden brown, 10 minutes., ingredients: [5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Sea salt, 1 cup butter, melted], title: Mamas Saltines, picturelink: null}, 43790: {instructions: Heat a drizzle of EVOO in a skillet. Add the chorizo and cook, crumbling with a wooden spoon, until browned. Drain off the fat.nArrange the bread in a casserole dish. Top with the chorizo and then the roasted chiles.nWhisk together the milk, butter, hot sauce and eggs in a bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper pour over the chiles. Top with the cheese. Cover and refrigerate at least overnight and up to 2 days.nTo serve, bring the strata to room temperature and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bake the strata for 1 hour.nMeanwhile, whizz together the sour cream, avocado and lime juice in a food processor and season with salt and pepper.nTop the strata with tomatoes, cilantro and dollops of the avocado sour cream., ingredients: [EVOO or vegetable oil, 1 pound fresh Mexican chorizo or other spicy bulk sausage, 7 to 8 slices 1inch thick goodquality stale white or eggbased bread, cut into large cubes, 3 roasted green New Mexico chile peppers or 2 poblano or Anaheim peppers, peeled, seeded and chopped, or two 4ounce cans chopped green chilies, well drained, 2 cups whole milk, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, melted and cooled, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 6 large organic eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 12 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 cup sour cream, 1 ripe avocado, pitted and peeled, Juice of 1 lime, Diced ripe heirloom tomato, for serving, Fresh cilantro leaves, torn, for serving], title: Mexican Chorizo Strata, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 43791: {instructions: 1. Using a mandoline slicer or very sharp knife, very thinly slice the carrots on the diagonal about 116 inch thick and put them in a bowl.n2. Put the cumin, paprika, cinnamon and cayenne in a small dry skillet over mediumlow heat. Cook, stirring frequently, until the spices are fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the oil and swirl the pan to mix. Add the lemon juice and swirl the pan when the mixture begins to bubble, add the garlic and cook, swirling the pan, for 15 to 20 seconds, until the dressing is very hot. Pour the hot dressing over the carrots and toss with a large rubber spatula until the carrots are evenly coated and have absorbed the dressing. Add the parsley, season with salt and pepper, and toss until combined.n3. Serve at room temperature, with harissa, or refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [3 large carrots, peeled, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, Pinch of ground cinnamon, Pinch of ground cayenne, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 small clove garlic, grated or very finely minced, 12 cup packed fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Harissa], title: Moroccan Carrots, picturelink: SxvMr7M2XWAIucDklu4NzjhFB4Mc5Ym}, 43792: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Put the hen, breast side down, in an 8quart stockpot and add water to within 2inches of the top of the pot this will vary according to the size of your pot, but the hen should float clear of the bottom of the pot and be covered completely. Add the salt and pepper. Bring the water to a boil and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cover the pot and cook for 2 hours, or until the chicken is tender and the drumstick joint twists easily. Allow the chicken and broth to cool slightly, and then remove the hen to a colander.nStrain the broth into a very large bowl. Cover the broth and place in in the refrigerator. When the fat solidifies on the top of the broth, remove and discard it. Remove the chicken from the bones and cut or shred the meat by hand into small pieces. Set aside 2 cups of the broth and refrigerate or freeze the rest for another use. Leftover broth may also be frozen in individual containers to be used another time.nFor the dumplings: Heat 2 quarts of the defatted chicken broth in a 3quart saucepan. While it heats, put the flour in a medium bowl. Dissolve 1 teaspoon salt in 34 cup water and stir the mixture into the flour to make a stiff dough. Turn the dough out onto a heavily floured surface and knead until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Heavily flour a rolling pin and roll out the dough very thin you can also divide the dough into 4 portions and roll each portion separately, which will give you thinner dumplings. With a very sharp knife or pizza cutter, cut the dough into 2 by 4inch strips.nWhen the broth reaches a rolling boil, add some of the strips of dough. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover the pot and bring back to a boil. Continue to add the dough strips in batches, always raising the heat to bring the broth back to a rolling boil before dropping in more dough strips and reducing the heat to simmer before covering the pot again. Sprinkle in the salt and pepper to taste. Add the 2 cups of cooked chicken, heat and serve.nCooks Notes: You can also use canned chicken broth but homemade is always betternA hen is a mature chicken that has more fat, giving you a rich and flavorful stock. If you cant find one, a chicken will be delicious as well, ingredients: [One 5pound hen or chicken makes about 4pounds cooked, after bones and skin removed, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 cups unsifted allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Salt and pepper], title: Lizzies Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: 0LimezhsY41eXki24492ea64K0tjfoa}, 43793: {instructions: For the pie filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Fit the pie crust into a 9inch deepdish pie plate, place a piece of parchment paper on top and fill with pie weights or dried beans.nParbake the pie crust for 5 minutes, remove from the oven and cool.nCombine the peaches, cornstarch, brown sugar, granulated sugar, lemon juice, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in a large bowl and toss to mix well. Transfer the peach mixture to the pie crust.nFor the cobbler topping: In a food processor, combine the flour, butter, baking powder, baking soda, salt and 1 tablespoon of the granulated sugar, Pulse until the mixture is grainy with peasize chunks of butter, about 30 seconds. Do not over process or the topping will become runny. Add the buttermilk and pulse 2 to 3 more times to combine.nDot the topping over the top of the pie filling. Do not make the dots too big or they will not cook through. Sprinkle the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar over the top.nBake the pie until the edges of the crust are golden brown, the cobbler topping is cooked through and the fruit is tender, 40 to 50 minutes. If the pie crust browns before the cobbler topping is cooked through, cover the edges with foil and continue baking., ingredients: [One 9inch deepdish pie crust, 2 pounds peaches, peeled and sliced, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 pinch ground nutmeg, 1 pinch kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cold unsalted butter, cubed, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 pinch kosher salt, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 cup buttermilk], title: Peach Cobbler Pie, picturelink: null}, 43794: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the beans to a pot with enough cold water to cover well. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, cover, and simmer until just soft throughout but not quite cooked, approximately 50 to 80 minutes, depending on the beans. Drain and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat olive oil over medium heat in a Dutch oven. Add onion and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add tomatoes and their liquid, 2 cups water, honey, cloves, salt, and pepper and boil gently for 20 to 30 minutes or until it begins to thicken. Stir in the parsley and remove from heat.nPlace the beans in an ovenproof dish, pour tomato mixture on top, stir and spread mixture out evenly. Bake 1 12 to 2 hours, or until beans are soft. Check the dish during cooking and if needed, add a small amount of boiling water. The dish will look crispy on top. Remove from the oven and let sit for 10 minutes before serving. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound gigantes or big lima beans, soaked for 12 hours, drained, 14 cup Greek olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 15ounce can chopped plum tomatoes plus their liquid, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Gigantes, picturelink: wCClcogi5afXawvRLCP0OmF08qbmQS}, 43795: {instructions: Rinse the chicken pieces and pat dry. Season all over with salt, black pepper, and oregano. Heat the oil in a paella pan or wide skillet. Brown the chicken on all sides, when nearly cooked through, add the chorizo links and brown.nRemove the chicken and sausage from the pan. Cut the sausages into slices and set aside. Drain out excess oil but dont clean the pan. Make a sofrito by sauteing the garlic, onion, and tomatoes, cook until the mixture caramelizes a bit and the flavors meld. Season with salt, black pepper, and paprika.nAdd the rice, stirring to coat the grains. Steep the saffron in 14cup hot water for 5 minutes then stir it into the rice.nAdd the stockwater and simmer for 10 minutes, gently moving the pan around so the rice cooks and absorbs evenly. Do not cover or constantly stir like risotto. Add the shellfish and the reserved chicken and sausage. Simmer, without stirring, until the rice is al dente and the mussels have opened. Do not eat any mussels that do not.nScatter the peas on top and continue to cook until the liquid is absorbed. The ideal paella has a toasted rice bottom called socarrat. Allow to rest off the heat for 5 minutes before serving. Garnish with lemon wedges and strips of pimento., ingredients: [1frying chicken, cut in 12 pieces, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 cup olive oil, 2 Spanish chorizo sausages, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, 12 Spanish onion, diced, 2 ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded and finely chopped, Pinch sweet paprika, 2 cups Spanish rice, short to medium grain, like Valencia, 2 teaspoons saffron threads, 6 cups warm stock or water, 2 lobster tails, split, 1 pound calamari squid, cleaned and cut in rings, 1 pound jumbo shrimp, 1 dozen mussels, cleaned, 12 cup sweet peas, frozen and thawed, Lemon wedges, Pimentos, cut in strips], title: Paella Espania, picturelink: null}, 43796: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine the flour and butter until the mixture resembles bread crumbs. Mix in the Cheddar and Parmesan and knead lightly to combine. Form the mixture into a disk. Wrap it in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nUnwrap the dough, take a small piece and cover an olive, making sure the pastry surrounds the olive and there are no gaps. Flour your hands and roll the oliveencased pastry into a ball put it on an ungreased baking sheet. Repeat the process with the remaining pastry and olives. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Can be made a day ahead and held in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Put the baking sheets on the middle shelf of the oven and bake until the pastries are light golden, about 10 minutes. Remove the bites from the oven and arrange on a serving platter., ingredients: [12 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup grated Cheddar, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 20 olives stuffed with pimientos], title: Olive Bites, picturelink: P3bC9x7NMWZH.CDN0ILVH9lb69xnmLa}, 43797: {instructions: To prepare the dressing, place the blue cheese, buttermilk, and olive oil in a medium bowl and stir together with a fork, mashing a little to break up the cheese. Season with the lemon juice, salt, pepper, and chives. Set aside.nWash the tomatoes, and pat dry with a paper towel. Slice each tomato in half lengthwise and season with a pinch of salt. Add the tomatoes to the dressing mixture and toss to combine then garnish with freshly ground pepper, to taste., ingredients: [12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 12 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch fresh chives, minced, 2 pints yellow cherry tomatoes, or red grape tomatoes, or both], title: Cherry Tomatoes with Buttermilk Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: Gk07DvBOeMgkEyexD7SFrGWbBsAV.Hq}, 43798: {instructions: Cook pasta in boiling salted water until al dente. Cool.nAdd pasta, broccoli slaw, slivered almonds and dried cranberries to a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together yogurt, mayonnaise, cider vinegar, sugar, cayenne, and salt and pepper. Add the dressing to the broccoli and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 pound bow tie pasta, cooked and cooled, 1 16ounce bag shredded broccoli slaw, 1 cup slivered almonds, 1 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 14 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Broccoli Pasta Slaw, picturelink: ut0kjMPV5ulzbT3EX7AO7qNKwquBIiu}, 43799: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. With a marker, mark a 7inch circle on a piece of parchment paper. Flip the parchment over and place on a baking sheet.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the sugar and cornstarch.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the egg whites with a pinch of salt and beat with the whisk attachment until soft peaks form. Add 3 tablespoons water and keep beating until you get soft peaks again.nIncrease the mixer speed to high. Add the sugar mixture 1 tablespoon at a time and continue to beat for 1 minute. Add the vinegar and beat until the meringue is glossy and holds stiff peaks, about 5 minutes.nSpread the meringue inside the marked circle on the parchment, making the edges slightly higher than the inside of the circle it should look like a crater. Bake until the meringue is pale golden and has a crust, about 45 minutes the inside should still be marshmallowlike. Turn off the oven, prop the door open and let the meringue dry for 1 hour.nTo serve, place the Pavlova on a serving dish. Spread the inside of the crater with a thin layer of lemon curd. Top with berries and serve., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 3 large egg whites, Pinch of kosher salt, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 13 cup storebought lemon curd, for serving, 2 cups mixed berries raspberries, blueberries, halved blackberries, sliced strawberries, for serving], title: Pavlova, picturelink: qnQ4YZ1zT6rklrRM6HWCimLMcOy.ame}}