{43800: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, add and heat the cream, butter, extract and 8 ounces of the white chocolate in microwave at medium power at 30second intervals. Make sure to stir inbetween intervals to avoid scorching. Continue on 30second intervals, stirring inbetween until chocolate is smooth and melted. Fold in the sifted powdered sugar. Cover bowl and pop it into the refrigerator for about 1 12 hours.nPlace a cooling rack over 1 baking sheet. Cut a piece of parchment paper to fit the inside of another baking sheet. Melt the remaining chocolate in the microwave. Take out the cooled and semihardened truffle mixture. Using a tablespoon, scoop out enough to make a ball, about 1 ounce in size. Lay the ball onto the rack. Continue the process until all of the truffle mixture is gone. You should have about 16 truffles.nUsing a pastry brush, paint on the melted chocolate and place on the parchment covered cookie sheet. Designate a hand to use only for the sprinkling of coconut. Before moving onto painting the next truffle, use your sprinkle hand to decorate the truffle. Continue alternating between painting and sprinkling until you are done. Refrigerate for 1 hour., ingredients: [13 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 14 cup unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 12 ounces high quality white chocolate, divided, 12 cup powdered sugar, sifted, 1 cup shredded coconut flakes], title: Snowball Truffles, picturelink: RZfSUbhwMs6D5ERr89WYOzMUrfRSa}, 43801: {instructions: Wash, peel, and rewash potatoes. Cut off edges of potato to form a rectangle. Keep edges for cooking with the chicken stock. Slice potato lengthwise in 14inch slices. Do the same widthwise, forming 14inch cubes when finished.nWash, peel, and rewash cucumbers. Cut cucumbers in half scrape the seeds out with a spoon and cut in half one more time. Then cut into diced cubes the same size as potatoes. You should have equal amounts of potatoes to cucumbers.nReduce the chicken stock with the potato edges by 75 percent or until the potato edges until they are soft. Smash the potato edges to form a smooth puree.nBlanch the potato cubes in salted water.nHeat extravirgin olive oil in a saute pan. Lightly sear the shallots and cucumbers. Add the cornichons and vinegar. Cook until everything is al dente, then stir in the chicken stock puree and potato cubes. Season with freshly ground pepper and salt.nFor the Parsley Butter: Place the butter in a food processor and blend until smooth. When the butter is smooth, add fresh Italian parsley. Blend the butter and the parsley together until the parsley emulsifies with the butter. Add a touch of salt. Cool mixture to preserve the green color and fresh taste of the parsley.nFor the Verjus du Perigord: Over medium heat, melt the sugar, and cook until caramelized and golden brown. Add the verjus and reduce the liquid to 13 the volume. Add the veal stock and reduce by 14. Remove the foam that accumulates on top of the stock. Add creme fraiche and blend with hand blender. Slowly add the extravirgin olive oil to form an emulsion and hand blend again.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOver a low flame melt a little olive oil and butter in a pan. It is important to keep the temperature very low, so the butter remains brown and maintains a nutty flavor.nLightly sear the scallops until golden brown on both sides. After searing the scallops, remove them from the pan and place on a drying rack.nBake for 2 to 3 minutes depending on the size. The scallops should be medium rare. Reheat the potatocucumber salad and add the butter at the last minute to retain the color and freshness of the parsley. On a hot, oversized plate, place the potatocucumber salad in the center of the dish. Place the scallops on top. Drizzle the tops of the scallops with warm verjus and serve., ingredients: [5.3 ounces 150 grams baking potatoes, like russets, 3.5 ounces 100 grams European cucumber, 8.8 ounces 250 grams chicken stock, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1.8 ounces 50 grams shallots, chopped, 1.8 ounces 50 grams cornichons, cut into brunoise, 3 tablespoons cornichon vinegar, Salt and pepper, 5.30 ounces 150 grams butter, room temperature, 4.2 ounces 120 grams Italian parsley leaves, Salt, .7 ounces 20 grams sugar, 7.1 ounces 200 grams verjus vinegar from unripened white grapes, 8.8 ounces 250 grams veal stock, 1.1 ounces 30 grams creme fraiche, 3.5 ounces 100 grams extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 20 Extra large, under 10 scallops per pound or U10s sea scallops], title: Pan Seared Diver Sea Scallops accompanied by PotatoCucumber Salad and Verjus du Perigord, picturelink: null}, 43802: {instructions: Heat butter and olive oil in saucepan on stovetop. Brown onions and tasso for 3 minutes. Add the bell pepper, mushrooms, garlic and bay leaves. Simmer for 3 minutes. Add the catfish, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, hot sauce, black pepper, oregano, marjoram, thyme, white pepper, red pepper, garlic powder, rosemary, and parsley flakes and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring only a few times as stirring will cause fish to break up too much. Add green onions and cream and simmer for 10 minutes stirring only when necessary. Serve immediately over pasta., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 13 cup olive oil, 2 cups chopped onion, 12 cup diced tasso, 34 cup chopped bell pepper, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 3 bay leaves, 2 pounds catfish fillets, cut into 3inch pieces, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup lemon juice, 12 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco brand, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh marjoram leaves, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 12 teaspoon red pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 13 cup dried parsley flakes, 34 cup chopped green onions, 2 cups cream, 1 pound angel hair pasta, cooked and drained], title: Catfish Bread, picturelink: null}, 43803: {instructions: First, be safe: tie your hair back, roll up long sleeves, keep a large lid handy and a fire extinguisher handy too, if you have one.nPour the coconut rum, if using, and the spiced rum into separate bowls. Never pour alcohol into the hot pan straight from the bottle or the whole thing could go up in flames. Be preparednHave four bowls of ice cream ready to go.nPlace a medium stainless steel skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter, brown sugar, a pinch of kosher salt, cinnamon stick, cloves and cardamom pod. Stir until a sauce forms.nPlace the bananas cutside down in the sauce and cook until caramelized, about 2 minutes each side. If desired, pull the cinnamon stick, cloves and cardamom pod from the pan now.nWhen the sauce starts to foam, pull the pan off the heat and sprinkle in the coconut rum. Return the pan to the heat and cook for 30 seconds.nOnce again pull the pan off the heat and pour the spiced rum into the pan. Using a long gas lighter, light the contents of the pan away from the heat it should immediately light up. Return the pan to the heat, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the flames go out.nPlace two pieces of banana in each bowl of ice cream and divide the sauce among the bowls. Sprinkle with the coconut flakes and a little sea salt over the top and serve, ingredients: [2 teaspoons coconut rum, such as Malibu, optional, 14 cup spiced rum around 80 proof, Vanilla or coconut ice cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup light brown sugar, Kosher salt, 1 cinnamon stick, 4 cloves, 1 green cardamom pod, crushed, 2 large firm bananas slightly unripe is best, peeled, sliced in half lengthwise and then again across the middle, 2 tablespoons toasted coconut flakes, for sprinkling, optional, Coarse sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Bananas Sequeira, picturelink: hQcsHDVldNAlb9dffUpUkwnjomN1Pi}, 43804: {instructions: Holding an asparagus spear in both hands, bend the spear until it breaks naturally at the point where the spear becomes tough. Discard the tough end. Repeat with the remaining asparagus. Cut off the tender tips and reserve.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the asparagus tips and cook briefly, just until they lose their raw taste. Lift them out with a sieve or skimmer and let cool. Add the remaining portion of the asparagus spears and cook until tender enough to puree, then drain well.nPut the asparagus spears basil, 6 tablespoons of the olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a blender or food processor. Puree until smooth.nIn a large bowl, combine the croutons, asparagus tips, peas, and green or spring onion. Add some of the asparagus puree and toss to coat well. Add more puree as needed to coat lightly and evenly. Add 3 tablespoons of the lemon juice and toss again. Taste and adjust the seasoning, then make an even layer of the mixture on a platter.nIn another bowl, combine the radicchio and spinach or arugula. Dress with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the remaining 1 teaspoon lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Toss well, then mound on top of the dressed croutons. With a cheese plane or vegetable peeler, shave some ricotta salata over the top. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over moderate heat and cook until it foams. Add the bread cubes and toss to coat with the butter. Transfer the bread to a baking sheet. Immediately sprinkle with the cheese and toss again while warm to melt the cheese.nBake, stirring once or twice, until the croutons are crisp and lightly colored on the outside but still soft within, about 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool. Store in an airtight container.nMichaels Notes: I use a serrated knife to remove the crust from dayold bread, and then switch to a chefs knife to cut the cubes because it doesnt tear the bread. Also note that I recommend grating the Parmesan finely so that it will stick to the bread better.nYield: 4 to 4 12 cupsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over moderate heat and cook until it foams. Add the bread cubes and toss to coat with the butter. Transfer the bread to a baking sheet. Immediately sprinkle with the cheese and toss again while warm to melt the cheese.nBake, stirring once or twice, until the croutons are crisp and lightly colored on the outside but still soft within, about 10 to12 minutes. Let cool. Store in an airtightncontainer.nMichaels Notes: I use a serrated knife to remove the crust from dayold bread, then switch to a chefs knife to cut the cubes because it doesnt tear the bread. Also note that I recommend grating the Parmesan finely so that it will stick to the bread better., ingredients: [2 pound medium asparagus, 12 cup freshly chopped basil leaves, 8 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, Sea salt, preferably gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, Panzanella Croutons, recipe follows, 2 cups fresh or frozen English peas, boiled until tender and drained, 1 cup thinly sliced green onion or spring onion, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, divided, 12 head radicchio, ribboncut, soaked, drained, and dried, 2 cup whole baby spinach leaves or arugula, Wedge ricotta salata cheese, 12 cup unsalted butter, 12 cups crustfree cubed dayold bread 12inch cubes, 34 cup finely grated Parmesan, 12 cup unsalted butter, 12 cups crustfree cubed dayold bread 12inch cubes, 34 cup finely grated Parmesan], title: Spring Panzanella, picturelink: null}, 43805: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash and dry the parsley. Pick the leaves, and set aside. Discard the stems.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, zest, walnut oil, sesame oil, honey, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add the parsley and sesame seeds and toss to combine. Allow the salad to sit for at least 30 minutes before serving so that flavors meld., ingredients: [4 ounces about 2 quarts Italian parsley, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons lemon zest, 6 tablespoons walnut oil, 2 teaspoons dark sesame oil, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds], title: Parsley Salad, picturelink: b7lIvZZ7kUXIWl8I8IOqRhyuASRDoPC}, 43806: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to boil. Stir in the bow ties and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain the pasta and run it under cold water just until it stops steaming. Bounce the pasta around to get rid of as much water as you can.nDump the pasta into a large serving bowl. Stir in the pesto until the pasta is coated. Toss in the cherry tomatoes and the crumbled feta. Taste the salad and season it as you like with salt and pepper. You can make the salad up to about 1 hour before you serve it. Check out the salt and pepper just before you serve the salad. If its looking a little dry, add some olive oil and stir it around.nPesto:n5 big handfuls basil leaves about 2 hefty bunchesn12 cup pine nuts or 34 cup walnutsn12 cup fresh grated Parmesan or Pecorino cheesenJuice of 1 small lemonn2 cloves garlic, peelednKosher saltnAbout 20 grinds freshly ground black peppern34 cup extravirgin olive oilnPlace all ingredients with 12 cup of the oil in a blender and blend. Gradually drizzle in the remaining 14 cup of oil until pesto is thick and smooth.nYield: about 1 12 cups, ingredients: [1 pound bow tie pasta farfalle, 34 cup Pesto, recipe follows, 12 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, as needed], title: Bow Ties with Pesto, Feta and Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 43807: {instructions: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Pulse the graham crackers and pecans in a food processor until finely ground. Add the melted butter and process until moistened. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the chocolate crumb mixture for topping, then press the rest into the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch pie plate. Bake until set, about 10 minutes transfer to a rack and let cool.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Melt the butter and chocolate in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring. Remove from the heat, then stir in the flour and salt until smooth. Stir in the sugar, corn syrup, coffee liqueur and vanilla. Add the eggs, one at a time, stirring until smooth. Pour the filling into the prepared crust and bake until set and cracked on top like a brownie, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool slightly, about 2 hours the pie should still be slightly warm.nMake the whipped cream: Beat the heavy cream, confectioners sugar and vanilla with a mixer until soft peaks form. Top the pie with the whipped cream, pecans and reserved chocolate crumb mixture. Drizzle with chocolate sauce.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [9 chocolate graham crackers 1 sleeve, 13 cup chopped pecans, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Pinch of salt, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons coffeeflavored liqueur, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons finely chopped pecans, Chocolate sauce, for drizzling optional], title: Mississippi Mud Pie, picturelink: 3jkUDi5FZ431QgTO4FtFCr1NFsJCPD6}, 43808: {instructions: Coat a saucepan with 2 tablespoons of the oil and warm over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until soft. Add the crushed tomatoes and sugar season with salt and pepper. Turn the heat up slightly to medium and simmer the sauce for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the basil and the remaining olive oil. Toss with spaghetti, if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, One 16ounce can crushed tomatoes, Pinch sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 fresh basil leaves, chopped, Spaghetti, optional], title: TomatoBasil Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43809: {instructions: In a saucepan combine sugar and water and bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat to medium and simmer until the mixture turns deep amber in color, about 6 to 8 minutes. Watch very carefully as this mixture turns color very quickly.nCarefully add the cream. The mixture will bubble and spit when the cream is added. Remove from the heat, stir, and add the liqueur. Cool slightly., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier], title: Caramel Sauce, picturelink: SHvnY5kXbOUsvog.wElxZFjaH337Rvy}, 43810: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook for a few minutes until the onions soften. Add the chicken and cook until lightly browned. Add threequarters of the beer, reserving the rest, then cook for a couple of minutes to reduce. Add the black beans, kidney beans, pinto beans, tomatoes, chile powder, cumin, salt and chipotles and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer, then cover the pot and cook for 1 hour.nCombine the masa harina with the rest of the beer and stir to make a paste. Add this into the chili, along with the lime juice. Stir and cook until thick, 10 more minutes.nServe with the grated cheese, sour cream, diced tomatoes, cilantro and lime wedges for squeezing., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 onion, diced, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into large dice, One 12ounce bottle good beer, preferably Mexican, One 14ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, One 14ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, One 14ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, One 14ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon chile powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 canned chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, minced use less if desired, 14 cup masa harina, 5 limes, 1 juiced, 4 cut into wedges, 1 pound sharp Cheddar, grated, 16 ounces sour cream, 5 Roma tomatoes, diced, 12 bunch fresh cilantro], title: Chipotle Chicken Chili, picturelink: tBXMCPMK4RTijpJFm0x5RkMUrEB4YGe}, 43811: {instructions: Preheat Grill: Rub steak with chile oil and BBQ Spice on both sides. Grill steak to desired temperature. Place 4 ounces of garlic potatoes on 4 plates. Plate Tbone over potatoes and top with arugula succotash. Spoon sauce around steak and serve.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl. Store in an airtight container.nIn a small bowl mix together the garlic and butter, let stand at room temperature. Heat a large, heavy bottomed pot filled half way with oil to 325 degrees F. Drop potatoes in oil and fry until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and put potatoes into large mixing bowl with garlic butter. Toss to coat and season.nHeat large saute pan and coat with oil. Place chanterelle mushrooms in pan and saute for 2 to 3 minutes until they soften, add garlic and shallots, continue to cook until shallots are translucent. Add peas, corn, lima beans and peppers. Heat all vegetables through. Season and fold in chives.nSweat all vegetables in oil until translucent. Add bay leaves and peppercorns. Deglaze with bottles of wine and reduce by 23. Add veal stock and reduce by 34. Strain and finish with barbeque sauce, butter, salt and pepper., ingredients: [Four 14 to 16ounce TBone steaks, 2 ounces chili oil, 6 ounces BBQ Spice, recipe follows, 1 pound Garlic Fried Yukon Gold Potatoes, recipe follows, 16 ounces Arugula Chanterelle Succotash, recipe follows, 6 ounces BBQ Zinfandel Reduction, recipe follows, 1 ounce dry mustard, 1 ounce chili powder, 12 ounce cayenne, 2 ounces brown sugar, 1 ounce orange zest, 1 ounce paprika, 1 ounce garlic powder, 1 ounce onion powder, 12 ounce salt, 12 ounce black pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced, 6 ounces butter, 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, diced 12inch thick, Salt and pepper to taste, Canola oil for frying, 3 tablespoons grape seed oil, 3 ounces chanterelle mushrooms, 1 ounce garlic, minced, 1 ounce shallots, minced, 4 ounces sweet peas, blanched, 4 ounces sweet corn, cut off cob, 4 ounces baby lima beans, blanched, 1 ounce red bell pepper, diced, 1 ounce yellow bell pepper, diced, 1 ounce chives, minced, Salt and pepper to taste, 12 ounce grape seed oil, 1 shallot, minced, 1 green apple, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 4 bay leaves, 12 tablespoon black peppercorns, 2 bottles zinfandel wine, 1 quart veal stock, 3 ounces barbeque sauce, 1 ounce butter, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Barbeque Spiced Grilled TBone Steak, picturelink: null}, 43812: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the scones: In a mixer, blend dry ingredients, shortening and butter together thoroughly until mixture looks like bread crumbs. Add most of the milk and mix for about 30 seconds. Scrape down sides and bottom of bowl, adding more milk to completely moisten dough. Be careful not to overmix. Flour hands and divide the dough in half and place on 2 pieces of floured parchment paper. Reflour hands and shape dough into a large circle about 10 inches in diameter. Place about 34 cup Marionberries evenly on each circle, leaving a 2inch edge. Reflour the parchment papers. Reflour hands and fold up edges to completely cover Marionberries. Flatten out scone with floured hands to 10 inches in diameter. Cut into 6 pie shaped pieces and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 20 minutes, rotating once halfway through the cooking time. Remove from oven and let cool completely.nTo make the icing: Combine all ingredients in medium bowl. Mix for about 30 seconds or until thick. Drizzle scones with lemon icing. Let icing harden before serving., ingredients: [5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for hands and parchment, 1 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 2 12 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup shortening, 12 cup butter, 2 cups milk, 1 12 to 2 cups Marionberries or substitute blackberries, 2 cups powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons lemon extract, 14 cup milk], title: Marionberry Scones, picturelink: null}, 43813: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: potato mashernIn a large pot, cover potatoes and garlic with water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil, add salt and simmer until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain well.nPut the potatoes and garlic back in the pot and cook over low heat to evaporate the rest of the water. Mash in the butter with a potato masher. Add the heavy cream in stages until the desired consistency reached. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 pounds red bliss potatoes, 4 cloves garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 12 to 1 cup heavy cream, room temperature], title: Garlic Red Bliss Mash, picturelink: X0K5s2Z8eNWfYbBLUgPJ7GgWKUeXc8G}, 43814: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCook the pancetta in a heavy large ovensafe pot over medium heat until crisp, about 8 minutes. Add the onions and garlic, and saute until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Mix in the beer, tomato sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, molasses, mustard, salt, and pepper. Stir in the beans. Bring to a simmer. Transfer to the oven and bake, uncovered, until the bean mixture bubbles and thickens slightly, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [6 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, chopped, 2 onions, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup dark beer, 1 cup tomato sauce, 13 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons mildflavored molasses, 6 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 15ounce cans cannellini beans, drained], title: ItalianStyle Baked Beans, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 43815: {instructions: Position 1 oven rack in the center and the second rack on the bottom of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Roll out each piece of pizza dough into a 13 12 by 8 12inch rectangle. Transfer to separate large baking sheets.nSpoon the marinara sauce over the pizzas, dividing equally and leaving a 1inch border around each pizza. Sprinkle the mozzarella and Fontina cheeses over the pizzas, dividing equally. Sprinkle the mushrooms and pancetta over the cheese. Bake the pizzas until the crusts are crisp and brown on the bottom and the cheese is melted on top, about 15 minutes. Cut the pizzas crosswise into rectangular slices and serve immediately.nMix the warm water and yeast in a small bowl to blend. Let stand until the yeast dissolves, about 5 minutes. Mix the flour and salt in a food processor to blend. Blend in the oil. With the machine running, add the yeast mixture and blend just until the dough forms. Turn the dough out onto lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer the dough to a large oiled bowl and turn the dough to coat with the oil. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm draftfree area until the dough doubles in volume, about 1 hour. Punch the down dough and form into ball. The dough can be used immediately or stored airtight in the refrigerator for 1 day., ingredients: [2 8ounce pieces of purchased or homemade pizza dough, recipe follows, 13 cup homemade or purchased marinara sauce, 13 cup lightly packed shredded smoked mozzarella cheese, 1 cup lightly packed shredded Fontina cheese, 2 ounces mushrooms, thinly sliced, 2 ounces pancetta, chopped, 12 cup warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 2 teaspoons active dry yeast, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for bowl], title: Roman Pizza, picturelink: null}, 43816: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nToss the shrimp with the seafood seasoning. Place two 12inch sheets of heavyduty aluminum foil per packet 8 sheets total for 4 packets on a flat surface. Divide the ingredients among the 4 packets, layering in the potato slices, sausage slices, shrimp, clams, corn wheels, butter, lemon rounds and scallions. Fold up the ends of the foil and seal into packets.nPlace the packets on the grill, cover and cook until the clams open and the potatoes and shrimp are cooked, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve with grilled crusty bread., ingredients: [8 shellon jumbo shrimp, deveined, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 6 small red skin potatoes, cut into 14inch slices, 2 links andouille sausage about 8 ounces, cut into 14inch slices, 16 littleneck clams, scrubbed, 2 ears corn, cut into 1inch wheels, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 lemon, sliced into 8 rounds, 2 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, Grilled crusty bread, for serving], title: Low Country Boil Packets, picturelink: iADJqvyaTpgd.uExJf4hNq0MgZbZYm}, 43817: {instructions: Place soy crumbles in a small microwavesafe bowl and sprinkle with taco seasoning. Microwave until hot, about 30 seconds. Stir and set aside.nIn another small microwavesafe bowl, microwave beans until hot, about 15 seconds. Stir and set aside.nPlace tortilla flat on a microwavesafe plate and nuke until warm, about 10 seconds. Spread beans evenly over the exposed side of the tortilla. Set aside.nWarm taco shell in the microwave for 30 seconds. Place the shell over the beancovered tortilla  line up the shells bottom with the tortillas center, and align the right side of the shell with the right side of the tortilla. Gently press on the inside of the shells right side to seal. Pick up the entire right half of the tacotortilla, and fold it over so the left sides align. Gently press on the inside of the shells left side to seal. If it cracks a little, thats okaynFill the shell with seasoned soy crumbles, lettuce, and cheese. EnjoynPER SERVING entire recipe, 1 taco: 175 calories, 4.75g fat, 569mg sodium, 26.5g carbs, 10.75g fiber, 0.5g sugars, 15g protein, ingredients: [14 cup frozen groundbeefstyle soy crumbles, 18 teaspoon dry taco seasoning mix, 2 tablespoons fatfree refried beans, 1 6inch highfiber flour tortilla with about 50 calories, 1 corn taco shell, 14 cup shredded lettuce, 1 tablespoon shredded fatfree Cheddar cheese], title: TwiceasNice Guapo Taco, picturelink: null}, 43818: {instructions: In a large bowl, soak the chicken in enough salted water to cover in the refrigerator overnight. Add about 1 tablespoon salt per cup of water. Drain the chicken and shake off the excess water. In a pie plate, mix together the flour, pepper and salt. Roll the chicken in the flour to coat. Into two 12inch cast iron skillets, pour enough vegetable oil to come to a depth of 1 12 inches in each skillet. Heat over mediumhigh heat until very hot, 305 degrees F.nUsing tongs, carefully add the chicken pieces to the hot oil, making sure there is a lot of space between the pieces. Cook all the chicken at the same time. Cover the skillets and lower the heat to medium. After 15 minutes, the bottom sides should be brown. Turn the pieces over with the tongs, and continue to cook, covered, browning on all sides, and adjusting the heat as necessary. Remove the breast pieces after 12 minutes. All the chicken should be cooked in about 30 minutes. Transfer the chicken to paper towels to drain. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, giblets and liver removed, cut into 8 pieces, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, enough to come up halfway on the chicken], title: Pollys Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 43819: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the eggs in a large saucepan and cover with water. Place over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 9 minutes. Remove the eggs from water and run under cold water for about 1 minute or until cool enough to touch. Peel eggs under cold running water.nSlice the eggs in half lengthwise. Scoop out the yolks and discard 6 of them or save for another use. Set aside the whites.nPlace the remaining yolks in a medium bowl and mash with the tofu, mayonnaise, mustard, hot sauce, horseradish and chives. Season with salt and pepper.nSpoon the mixture into the corner of a plastic bag and snip off the end. Pipe the yolk mixture into the egg whites. Arrange on a platter and sprinkle with paprika., ingredients: [1 dozen eggs, 23 cup silken tofu, drained, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, plus more to taste, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon paprika], title: Devilish Eggs, picturelink: yCDfK8JGsz8CdhiZBRS3OF1jz8Txae}, 43820: {instructions: In a large stockpot set over mediumhigh heat, cook the ramen according to the package directions, then drain and set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a highsided medium skillet over medium heat. Add the veggie medley and then the peanut butter, chili sauce, soy sauce, lime juice, green onion, red pepper flakes and the remaining 23 cup olive oil. Cook, whisking, until the peanut butter is melted and the oil is incorporated, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the drained noodles and the chicken, and toss to coat. Cook until heated through, 3 to 5 minutes.nTransfer to a large serving dish and serve warm., ingredients: [10 ounces ramen noodles, without the seasoning packet, 2 tablespoons plus 23 cup olive oil, One 12ounce bag frozen stirfry veggie medley, thawed, 12 cup creamy peanut butter I like Jif, 6 tablespoons sweet chili sauce, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 lime, juiced, 12 cup finely chopped green onion, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 3 cups shredded rotisserie chicken], title: Peanut Butter Ramen, picturelink: wRdCThJsuhLF4O582jDdX6coL2dxsG}, 43821: {instructions: Whisk the cream cheese, sour cream, milk and confectioners sugar until smooth in a medium bowl set aside.nSift the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and 12 teaspoon salt into a large bowl. Beat the eggs and granulated sugar in a large bowl until pale yellow beat in the buttermilk, melted butter, food coloring, vanilla and vinegar. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and fold just until incorporated. Transfer some of the batter to a squeeze bottle with a 14inch opening.nHeat a griddle or large nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Lightly coat the hot skillet with melted butter and squeeze some of the batter onto it in the outline of a heart or hearts of the desired size. Fill in each outline with more batter use a spatula to spread it to the edges of the heart. Cook each pancake until bubbles begin to pop on the surface, about 3 minutes. Carefully flip and cook until the bottom is set and the pancake is cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Repeat with the remaining batter.nDrizzle the cream cheese mixture and maple syrup on top of the pancakes and sprinkle with pecans., ingredients: [4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons whole milk, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Fine salt, 2 large eggs, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 12 cup melted and cooled butter, plus more for griddle, 2 teaspoons red food coloring, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, Maple syrup, for serving, Toasted, chopped pecans, for serving], title: Red Velvet Heart Pancakes, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 43822: {instructions: Blanch the gnocchi and broccoli florets. Melt butter in a pan. Add gnocchi, broccoli, salt and pepper. Toss in cubed Velveeta cheese., ingredients: [1 pound potato gnocchi, 1 head broccoli florets, 1 whole butter, Salt and pepper, 12 cup Velveeta cheese, cubed], title: Potato Gnocchi, picturelink: null}, 43823: {instructions: Special equipment: a stand mixer or meat grinder with a sausagestuffer attachmentnFor the bangers: Combine the venison, pork fatback, breadcrumbs, chicken stock, red wine, salt, black pepper, mace and sage in the bowl of a stand mixer and mix on medium speed until well incorporated. Using a sausagestuffer attachment, stuff the sausage meat into the hog casings.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nSear the bangers on both sides in a hot saute pan with a little canola oil until cooked through and the juices run clear when the bangers are poked with a skewer, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the pan and place in the oven to hold.nFor the pan sauce: Deglaze the pan with the brewed coffee. Add the chicken stock and the pistachios and reduce by half. Whisk in the flour and cook for an additional 2 minutes.nFor the parsnip cocoa nib mash: Combine the parsnips, 4 ounces 1 stick of the butter and the onions in a saucepan over medium to mediumlow heat. Cook until the parsnips are soft enough to puree, about 20 minutes.nIn another pot, combine the heavy cream and cocoa nibs and cook on low heat until the flavor of cocoa is in the cream, about 20 minutes. Strain and set aside.nIn a food processor, combine the parsnips and onions, half of the cream mixture and the remaining 4 ounces 1 stick of butter and puree. If the mixture is too dry, add more of the cream mixture slowly to achieve the desired consistency you will likely add an additional 14 cup of the mixture.nOn each plate, place the bangers over a dollop of the parsnip mash and pour the pan sauce over the top., ingredients: [One 2pound venison loin, ground, 6 ounces pork fatback, ground, 12 cup breadcrumbs, finely chopped, 12 cup chicken stock, chilled, 12 cup dry red wine, chilled, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon mace, 1 bunch fresh sage, chopped, Hog casings, soaked in tepid water for at least 30 minutes, for stuffing the bangers, Canola oil, for searing, 12 cup brewed coffee, 14 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons toasted pistachios, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 pounds parsnips, peeled and chopped, 8 ounces 2 sticks butter, 12 large white onion, julienned, 4 cups heavy cream, 14 cup cocoa nibs], title: Venison Bangers and Parsnip Cocoa Nib Mash, picturelink: d2Mkx3ABQ4tkcvPbPOM4rnPIO34xxku}, 43824: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter and flour an 18 by 13 by 1 12inch sheet pan.nCream the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on high speed, until light and fluffy. On medium speed, add the eggs, 2 at a time, then add the sour cream and vanilla. Scrape down the sides and stir until smooth.nSift together the flour, cornstarch, salt, and baking soda in a bowl. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour mixture to the butter mixture until just combined. Pour into the prepared pan. Smooth the top with a spatula. Bake in the center of the oven for 20 to 30 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool to room temperature.nFor the icing, combine the butter, cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mixing just until smooth.nSpread threefourths of the icing on the top of the cooled sheet cake. Outline the flag on the top of the cake with a toothpick. Fill the upper left corner with blueberries. Place 2 rows of raspberries across the top of the cake like a red stripe. Put the remaining icing in a pastry bag fitted with a star tip and pipe two rows of white stripes below the raspberries. Alternate rows of raspberries and icing until the flag is completed. Pipe stars on top of the blueberries.nI serve this cake right in the pan. If you want to turn it out onto a board before frosting, use parchment paper when you grease and flour the pan., ingredients: [18 tablespoons 2 14 sticks unsalted butter at room temperature, 3 cups sugar, 6 extralarge eggs at room temperature, 1 cup sour cream at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 cups flour, 13 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter at room temperature, 1 12 pounds cream cheese at room temperature, 1 pound confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 halfpints blueberries, 3 halfpints raspberries], title: Flag Cake, picturelink: v6rcAgPOJ45uBv6bsfDi0FS4FfZaH7K}, 43825: {instructions: Toss 3 cups diced seedless watermelon, 1 12 cups diced cucumber, 1 bunch sliced scallions, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 1 seeded and minced jalapeno, the juice of 2 limes, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil and a pinch of salt. Serve on a bed of watercress and sprinkle with feta cheese. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with pepper.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [], title: WatermelonCucumber Salad, picturelink: RMyeKfxtSt4fTphqDKoc.6K6f5XJ1B6}, 43826: {instructions: Thread assorted jelly beans onto long wooden skewers. Tie into a bouquet with shoestring licorice.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Balloon Bouquet, picturelink: 2xKB.sWhOCh6SvOqC7GifnecTubI336}, 43827: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees F.nRub brisket generously with salt and vegetable oil.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add vegetable oil to evenly coat pan and when the oil is hot and is just beginning to smoke, add the brisket and brown on both sides. Transfer the brisket to a shallow baking dish. Add the vegetables to the saute pan. Cook until they brown and start to soften, about 5 minutes. Then pour the vegetables over the brisket.nWhisk together the tomatoes, sugar, stock and vinegar in a mixing bowl then pour it into the same saute pan. Cook for a few minutes to get all the flavor out of the skillet, and then pour over the brisket. It should be at least 34 of the way submersed in the liquid. Cover the dish loosely with aluminum foil and bake for 8 to 10 hours until tender and the meat begins to fall apart. Slice thinly and serve with veggies and cooking liquid., ingredients: [1 6pound brisket, upper portion, Salt, Vegetable oil, 12 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, Few stalks celery, cut into big chunks, 3 medium onions, peeled and cut into eights, Cloves from 1 head garlic, peeled and lightly smashed, 26ounce box strained tomatoes recommended: Pomi, 13 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar or apple cider vinegar], title: Sweet and Sour Braised Brisket, picturelink: f.ly5mhatKQ2c.kHmvJ9Mp49pHevO}, 43828: {instructions: Using the large holes of a box grater, grate the tomatoes and the onion into a bowl. Add the garlic, chile peppers and cilantro and stir to combine. Place half of the salsa in a plastic tub or storage container, season with a little salt, cover and store in the refrigerator. Place the remaining salsa in a large resealable plastic bag and add the EVOO. Sprinkle the chicken liberally with salt and pepper and add it to the bag, shaking it around to coat it with the marinade. Doublebag the chicken in case the first bag leaks. Marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes and up to 2 hours.nPreheat a grill or a grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the reserved salsa and the chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook for 20 minutes. After about 5 minutes, place the chicken on the grill and cook, turning occasionally, for 12 to 15 minutes.nIf you are using black beans, rinse and drain them, then reheat them in a small pan with the cumin and some salt and pepper. If you are using refried beans, reheat them in a small pan with the cumin, thinning them with a splash of water.nCut the lime into wedges and douse the chicken with lime juice when it comes off the grill. Serve the chicken with the rice., ingredients: [4 large plum tomatoes, 1 small yellow or red onion, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, grated or made into a paste, 1 Fresno chile pepper, thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno chile pepper, finely chopped, Generous handful of fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, Salt, About 13 cup EVOO, 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts or thighs, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup longgrain white rice, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 can black beans or vegetarian spicy refried beans, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 lime], title: Salsa Marinated Chicken with Mexican Rice, picturelink: okqwpbQqVJKyR2626agi1e82WrbxwO}, 43829: {instructions: For the taco shells:nCut the wonton skins using a 2inch circle cutter. Use a taco shell basket and deep fry wontons until golden brown and firm. Remove taco shells from oil, allow to cool and season with sea salt.nFor the Asian slaw:nCombine cabbage, peppers and onions in a medium sized mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, combine mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, sesame oil, and sesame seeds. Mix well and combine with cabbage and peppers to marinate for about 12 hour.nFor the plum sauce:nPreheat a medium saucepan over medium heat. Once pan is hot, add vegetable oil, garlic, ginger, and star anise. Saute for about 45 seconds, or until garlic has started to cook. Add 14 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup sugar, and canned plums. Continue to saute until all ingredients are soft and set aside to cool. Once cooled, puree plum mixture in a vertical blender and reserve for taco assembly.nFor the Tuna:nCut tuna into logs about 1inch by 1inch by 4inches. Coat liberally with pepper and a little salt. Heat a saute pan until very hot add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and the sear tuna on all sides for about 15 seconds per side. Make sure to just sear outside of tuna and not allow inside to cook. Remove from heat and refrigerate promptly. Once cooled, slice into 18inch thick slices.nFor Taco Assembly:nFill each taco shell with a little Asian slaw, place a slice of tuna on top of slaw, and then drizzle with a little plum sauce. Enjoy, ingredients: [14 head napa Chinese cabbage, chopped, 14 cup small diced red bell pepper, 14 cup small diced yellow bell pepper, 14 small diced green bell pepper, 14 small diced red onion, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 ounces sesame oil, 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, grated on microplane or small holes on box grater, 1 piece star anise, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 8ounce can plum halves, in syrup, 1 4ounce piece fresh ahi yellowfin tuna, 14 cup coarse ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Seared Ahi Tuna Taco with Asian Slaw and Plum sauce, picturelink: uLa1F9cVvMAa0KCAP6pNn1w0kqcMi.}, 43830: {instructions: Put the lemon slices on a tray and sprinkle both sides with salt and sugar. Transfer the slices to a rack and place in a dry area for 3 hours so the lemons can dehydrate. Rinse well in cold water and pat dry. Set aside.nShuck the clams if you have purchased them in the shell. Slide an oyster knife into the unhinged side of each clam, carefully prying open the shells. Slice the knife around the margin of the clam meat, scraping the bottom of the shell to loosen the clam in 1 piece. Discard the shells. Slip off and discard the black sheath surrounding the siphon the small neck. Rinse the shucked clams in running cold water.nHeat the peanut oil to 350 degrees F in a deep pot. Stir together the flour, salt, and peppers in a mixing bowl. Pour the buttermilk into a second, shallow bowl.nFry the lemon slices first: dip each slice into the buttermilk and then into the seasoned flour. Fry the slices in small batches until they just turn golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a tray lined with paper towels. The lemons can be fried 1 hour in advance and kept in a warm oven.nRemove any of the cooked lemon particles from the oil using a small metal strainer or a longhandled slotted spoon.nDip each clam into the buttermilk and then into the seasoned flour. Place them in the hot oil individually they tend to clump together. Cook in batches until crispy and brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the oil and transfer to a tray lined with paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste.nArrange the clams on a warm tray with a bowl of Tartar Sauce and the fried lemons.nCombine the yolk, egg, lemon juice, vinegar, mustard, sugar, and salt and pepper, to taste, in the bowl of a food processor. Process for 30 seconds. With the machine running, add a thin, steady stream of oil until the mayonnaise is emulsified smooth, thick and creamy. Fold in the remaining ingredients, taste, and adjust the seasonings., ingredients: [3 lemons, cut into 18inch thick slices, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 48 Ipswich or other softshell clams also known as steamers, Peanut oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper or to taste, 2 cups buttermilk, 1 recipe Tartar Sauce, recipe follows, 1 large egg yolk, 1 small egg, 12 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup peanut oil, 6 cornichons, finely diced, 1 tablespoon drained capers, finely diced, 12 small onion, minced 14 cup, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: Fried Ipswich Clams with Fried Lemons, picturelink: 12NcNQ2I1JKhVIkMeOrJ07ol19hY8CW}, 43831: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a ring mold a deepfry thermometern1. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the mushrooms and let sit for at least 3 minutes without touching. Stir and let sit again until mushrooms begin to brown and water begins to evaporate. Cook until golden brown and dry. Season with salt and pepper. Add the barbecue sauce and a splash of water and cook until the mushrooms are glazed, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet and let cool to room temperature.n2. Combine the mushrooms, Quinoa and Chickpea Puree in a bowl. Mix in the cilantro. Taste for seasoning, adding more salt and pepper if needed. Remember that the quinoa was seasoned with salt, the mushrooms were seasoned with salt and pepper and the egg wash and quinoa flour will be seasoned. Cover the mixture and refrigerate until chilled, at least 2 hours.n3. Heat 2 inches of oil in a medium highsided saute pan over high heat until it registers 350 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.n4. Form the burgers using a ring mold into 4 burgers I got 4 burgers that were each about 4 18 ounces.n5. Whisk together the eggs in a shallow bowl and season with salt and pepper. Put the quinoa flour in a shallow bowl and season with salt and pepper.n6. Using a fish spatula, gently put a patty into the egg wash remove and let the excess drip off. Dredge the patty in the flour and tap off the excess. Repeat with the remaining patties.n7. Fry the patties until golden brown and crisp, about 3 minutes, flipping halfway through the cooking process. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels.n8. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large nonstick pan over high heat until it shimmers. Add the patties and top each with a slice of cheese. Remove from the heat and slowly add 14 cup of water to the pan careful not to hit the burger. Cover, return to the heat and count to 10. Remove the lid, the cheese will be melted.n9. Place the burgers on the bottoms of the buns, top with a large dollop of Green OnionMustard Slaw and drizzle with some of the reserved mustard dressing.nCombine the salt with 1 cup of water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in the quinoa, bring to another boil, reduce the heat to mediumlow, cover and cook until tender and the water is absorbed, about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat, let sit for 10 minutes and fluff with a fork. Spread evenly onto a baking sheet and let cool completely. The quinoa can be made a day ahead and stored in a container with a tight lid.n1. Drain the chickpeas in a colander. Rinse and drain again. Line a baking sheet with paper towels and drain the chickpeas for at least 15 minutes.n2. Transfer the chickpeas to a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. Transfer to a bowl.n1. Whisk together the vinegar, honey, mustards and sugar in a medium bowl until smooth.n2. Combine both cabbages and both onions in a large bowl. Add 12 cup of the dressing and toss to combine. Season the slaw with salt and pepper and let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld and the cabbage to wilt. The slaw can be made 4 hours in advance and stored covered in the refrigerator. Reserve the remaining dressing for the burger., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for frying, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, stemmed, sliced 14inch thick, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Bobbys BBQ Sauce or your favorite barbecue sauce, 1 cup semiloosely packed Quinoa, recipe follows, 12 cup semiloosely packed Chickpea Puree, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 large eggs for egg wash, seasoned with 14 teaspoon kosher salt and 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup quinoa flour, seasoned with 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 thin slices smoked Gouda, 4 soft sesame seed buns, lightly toasted, Green OnionMustard Slaw, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup red quinoa, One 15.5ounce can chickpeas, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons honey, 4 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 14 head red cabbage, thinly sliced, 14 head white cabbage, thinly sliced, 3 green onions green and pale green parts, thinly sliced, 12 medium red onion, coarsely grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bobby Flays Veggie Burger, picturelink: Ncu0CIoNexFp8FrTgQpkkPuBpnnD.56}, 43832: {instructions: Heat lemon curd, water and lemon zest in a small saucepan over medium low heat. When curd bubbles and becomes a smooth, glossy sauce, remove from heat. Arrange a slices of pound cake on 4 dessert plates. Pour warm lemon sauce down over each slice of cake to glaze. Top lemon cottage cake with fresh raspberries and mint sprigs and serve., ingredients: [1 cup lemon curd, found on jellies and jams aisle, 3 tablespoons water, 1 lemon, zested, 4 1inch slices pound cake, 1 pint fresh raspberries, Mint sprigs for garnish, optional], title: Quick Lemon Cottage Cake, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 43833: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the milk, chocolate pudding mix, and the instant espresso. Use hand mixer to mix ingredients.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nUnroll phyllo dough and remove sheets. Working with 1 sheet at a time, lay out and spray phyllo sheet with cooking spray. Sprinkle with 14 teaspoon cinnamonsugar. Lay next sheet on top and repeat steps. With a pizza cutter or sharp knife, cut dough into 8 rectangles, approximately 4 by 5 inches. Fit rectangles into muffin cups and bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until golden brown.nRemove phyllo cups from oven and let cool for 10 minutes. Remove cups from pan and cool completely.nSpoon or pipe mocha pudding into cups and top with a 1 tablespoon dollop of whipped topping. Sprinkle with cocoa powder.nCooks Note: Keep phyllo dough covered when not using, as it dries out quickly., ingredients: [3 cups nonfat milk, 1 1.4ounce packet sugarfree, fatfree chocolate instant pudding, 1 tablespoon instant espresso, 3 sheets phyllo dough, Nonstick cooking spray, 34 teaspoon cinnamon sugar, 8 teaspoons whipped topping, Cocoa powder, for garnish], title: Mocha Phyllo Cups, picturelink: null}, 43834: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Make vol au vent by cutting a circle 8 inches in diameter in 1inch thick pastry. Make another incision 1 12 inches from edge of pastry. Place round of pastry on a baking sheet brushed with cold water and bake 30 minutes. Remove lid and scoop out the inside to form a pastry case. Set aside. Place the mussels in a pan on a high heat with 14 cup of the dry white wine, cover, shake pan and allow to cook for 2 minutes. Allow to cool and then remove mussels from shells. Prepare fish stock by simmering snapper head with water, onion and Bouquet garni for 30 minutes and then strain. Place some clarified butter into a pan on the heat and add the shallot. Fry gently and then place the fish fillets on top and the scallops, and moisten with 12 cup of the fish stock and 14 cup of the dry white wine. Season with salt and pepper and poach for 5 minutes.nSauce: Place the 1 tablespoon butter in a saucepan and when it has melted add the sifted flour. Stir gently to cook the roux but do not allow to color. Remove from the heat and add the warmed fish stock a little at a time, beating well after each addition. Place sauce back on heat and season with salt and pepper and allow to simmer 10 minutes, stirring from time to time. In a separate pan place a little clarified butter and when hot add the mushrooms. Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg and add a squeeze of lemon juice. Allow to fry gently for 1 minute. Remove the fish fillets to a dish and place the scallops, shrimp, mussels and mushrooms together in a bowl. Mix the yolk with the cream and then stir into the sauce  add 1 tablespoon butter and then fold in the seafood being very careful not to break the fish. Check the seasoning. Place the seafood mixture into the pastry case and heat in a 350 degree oven for 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds puff pastry, 2 dozen mussels, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 snapper head, 1 14 cups water, 1 onion, Bouquet garni, 14 cup clarified butter, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 4 sole fillets, quartered, 12 scallops, Salt, white pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup flour, sifted, 1 14 cups button mushrooms, Nutmeg, Juice 14 lemon, 6 jumbo shrimp, cooked and sliced into scallops, 1 egg yolk, 14 cup cream], title: Vol au Vent Fruits de Mer, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 43835: {instructions: Preheat grill or broiler.nMake the quinoa by heating a medium sauce pot over moderate heat and melting butter. Add vermicelli and cook, stirring often, until pasta has turned golden brown. Add onion and salt.na few more minutes until onion is soft and begins to turn golden. Add stock or water and bring to a boil and add quinoa. Return to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, 20 to 30 minutes or until the grains are soft in the center.nHeat olive oil in a large sauce pot over medium heat. Add julienned onions and saute 3 to 5 minutes or until edges begin to turn golden color. Add garlic and cook an additional minute or two, stirring, then add paprika and cumin and cook 1 minute. Add julienned peppers, chiles and chicken stock and cook 10 to15 minutes or until mixture thickens. Adjust with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, grill the chorizo links about 8 to10 minutes over a moderately hot fire or broiler, turning often until cooked through to the center. To serve, place chorizo on a bed of the quinoa pilaf and top with the pepper mixture., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup broken vermicelli, 12 medium onion, diced, 6 cups chicken stock or water, 3 cups quinoa organic if possible, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, peeled and julienned, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 2 teaspoons Spanish paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 bell peppers, red and yellow, roasted, peeled, seeded and julienned, 2 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and julienned, 1 cup chicken stock, 6 large links chorizo], title: Grilled Chorizo on Quinoa with Roasted Peppers, picturelink: null}, 43836: {instructions: Place the beets in a saucepan with water, bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, and cook until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain the beets, peel, and halve or quarter.nPlace the sugar in a skillet and add a little water so that it looks like wet sand. Bring to a boil, and then simmer to evaporate the water out. When the sugar begins to color, remove it from the heat so that the sugar will not spatter and gently whisk in the vinegar. Return to the heat and thicken to coat the back of a spoon. Remove from the stove and stir in the horseradish. Whisk in the extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss the beets with the sauce and the parsley and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds small or baby beets, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 rounded teaspoon prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, A handful fresh parsley, finely chopped], title: Warm Cant Beet That Salad, picturelink: qySCrqhJ0IRxWV5Bu3c1fzAcE.J4uy}, 43837: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease minicupcake pans with nonstick cooking spray. Mix cookie dough with peanut butter just until swirled. Press 1 rounded teaspoonful of dough into each of the prepared cups. Bake for 12 minutes. Cool in pans. Run a small knife carefully around the edge. Remove from pans to a cooling rack. When completely cool, place a scant teaspoonful of frosting in the center of each cookie., ingredients: [1 18ounce package refrigerated sugar cookie dough, softened, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, Prepared chocolate frosting], title: Peanut Butter Fudge Cups, picturelink: null}, 43838: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine water, orange juice and honey. Heat to 110 degrees F. Add the yeast and stir to dissolve. Place liquidyeast mixture in the bowl of an electric mixer with a paddle attachment. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, wholewheat flour and salt. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and mix on low speed to combine. Add egg yolks and melted butter and mix on low speed until dough is formed. Turn dough out onto a wellfloured surface. Place dough in a clean, lightly oiled bowl and cover with a towel. Place in a warm draftfree location for 1 12 hours to rise. Remove dough from bowl and place on a floured surface. Roll out to 14inch thick and cut into 3inch circles. Place circles on a lightly oiled sheet pan. Cover with a towel and let rise for 30 minutes. In a deep pot, heat the vegetable oil to 360 degrees. Fry the donuts in the oil, a few at a time. Fry each side for about 3 minutes or until golden brown. In a shallow pie plate, combine the sugar and cinnamon. Remove the doughnuts from the oil and dredge in the cinnamon sugar. Place apricot jelly in a pastry bag fitted with a small plain tip. Poke the tip into the side of the doughnut and gently squeeze the filling evenly into all of the doughnuts., ingredients: [34 cup water, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons dry yeast, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup whole wheat flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons melted butter, or Pareve margarine, 6 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 tablespoons cinnamon, 1 cup apricot preserves], title: Whole Wheat Honey Doughnuts with Apricot Jelly, picturelink: null}, 43839: {instructions: Cut lengthwise around the middle of the avocados, then twist to separate the halves. Remove the pits by striking them with a knife blade, then scoop out the flesh with a spoon and dice.nCombine the avocados, tomatillos, onion, cilantro, jalapeno, lime juice, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl and gently mix., ingredients: [2 ripe hass avocados, 3 tomatillos, husked, rinsed and diced about 1 cup, 14 cup chopped sweet onion, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 jalapeno pepper, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Mexican Avocado Salsa, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 43840: {instructions: Bring a lot of salted water to a boil and parboil the turnips for 7 minutes add the garlic and boil 1 minute longer drain.nMelt 8 to 12 tablespoons of butter and cook the garlic and turnips, covered, over low heat for 5 minutes.nTransfer turnips and garlic to a food processor and puree until smooth, adding 4 more tablespoons butter with the machine turned on. Season well with salt and pepper and, if made in advance, reheat in a double boiler., ingredients: [4 pounds white turnips, peeled and cut into 12 inch pieces, 12 to 16 tablespoons butter, 1 head of garlic, peeled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: The Best Ever Turnips, picturelink: null}, 43841: {instructions: Special equipment: Large pot, slotted spoon, paring knife, large skillet, bowlsnBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Hull the tomatoes and cut a shallow x through the skin on the bottom of each. Prepare an ice bath.nPut the tomatoes in the boiling water and boil for 30 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and submerge in the ice bath. Reserve the pot of boiling water. When the tomatoes are cool, use the back of a paring knife to peel the tomatoes. Cut the tomatoes in half lengthwise and squeeze out and discard the seeds, then chop the tomatoes into approximately 12inch pieces.nPut the bacon in a large cold skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a paper towellined plate. Discard all but about 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat from the skillet.nAdd the onion to the drippings in the skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until soft and pale golden, about 10 minutes. Add the wine and boil until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Add the chopped tomatoes, red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the tomatoes start to break down, about 5 minutes.nCook the spaghetti according to the package directions in the reserved pot of tomato water until al dente, about 10 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta. Add the pasta to the skillet with the sauce, along with 12 cup of the cooking water and toss to coat. Add more water if necessary for desired consistency. Stir in half the bacon and half the herbs and season with salt and pepper. Divide the pasta and sauce among bowls and top with the remaining bacon and herbs. Serve with Parmesan for topping., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds plum tomatoes about 10, 6 strips thickcut bacon, chopped, 1 medium onion, halved and thinly sliced, 12 cup dry white wine, Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes, 12 ounces spaghetti, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley or basil, chopped, Grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Pasta with Bacon and Tomatoes, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 43842: {instructions: Heat a wok over high heat, add 2 tablespoons groundnut oil and stirfry the prawns until they turn pink. Set aside.nHeat the remaining oil, stir fry the ginger and chile, add in the onions and stirfry until they have softened.nAdd the pineapple puree and let the sauce reduce for 1 minute, then add the pepper chunks and bean sprouts. Stir well. Season with the salt, pepper, lime juice, and honey, to taste. Return the prawns to the wok, stir well, and sprinkle with the finely sliced spring onion. Serve immediately with steamed jasmine rice., ingredients: [3 tablespoons groundnut oil  peanut, 4 large King prawns  prawns or colossal shrimp, peeled, deveined, shelled and head sliced off, tail left on, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 1 red chile, seeded and finely chopped, 12 onion, chunked, 2 ounces canned pineapple, blended with 7 ounces pineapple juice, Handful red bell peppers, chunked, Handful yellow bell peppers, chunked, 1 small handful fresh bean sprouts, 1 pinch salt, 1 pinch freshly cracked black pepper, Lime juice, to taste, Honey, to taste, 1 spring onion green, finely sliced, Serving suggestion: Steamed jasmine rice], title: Healthy Sweet and Sour King Prawn StirFry, picturelink: null}, 43843: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix together the marshmallow creme and marmalade with a rubber spatula in a medium bowl. Set aside.nSpread the almonds and pistachios on a rimmed baking sheet. Toast in the oven just until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the warm nuts and salt to the bowl with the marshmallow creme and fold everything together. Divide the mixture evenly among 8 serving dishes and cool to room temperature. Grate the chocolate over the top just before serving., ingredients: [One 7.5ounce container marshmallow creme, such as Fluff, 1 tablespoon orange marmalade, 1 cup Marcona almonds, 1 cup pistachios, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 ounces 70percent dark chocolate], title: Torrone Mess, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 43844: {instructions: Brush a baking sheet lightly with some of the butter, lay 1 sheet of the phyllo on the butter, and brush it lightly with some of the remaining butter. Sprinkle the phyllo with 1 tablespoon of the Parmesan, lay another sheet of the phyllo on top, and press it firmly so that it adheres to the bottom layer. Butter, sprinkle, and layer the remaining phyllo in the same manner, ending with a sheet of phyllo and reserving the remaining1 tablespoon Parmesan. Sprinkle the top sheet of phyllo with the mozzarella, scatter the onion evenly on top, and arrange the tomatoes in one layer over the onion. Sprinkle the pizza with the reserved 1 tablespoon Parmesan, the oregano, the thyme leaves, and salt and pepper to taste and bake it in the middle of a preheated 375 degree F. oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the edges are golden. Arrange the thyme sprigs along the pizzas perimeter and with a pizza wheel or sharp knife cut the pizza into squares., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and kept warm, 7 17 by 12 inch sheets of phyllo, stacked between 2 sheets of wax paper and covered with a dampened kitchen towel, 7 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup coarsely grated mozzarella about 14 pound, 1 cup very thinly sliced onion, 2 pounds tomatoes about 5, cut into 14inchthick slices, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, or 14 teaspoon crumbled dried, plus fresh thyme sprigs for garnish], title: Tomato Phyllo Pizza, picturelink: null}, 43845: {instructions: Cover the noodles with hot tap water in a large bowl and soak, flipping once, for 7 minutes they should pull apart without breaking. Drain in a strainer and shake to dry pat with towels if needed. Return to the bowl and toss with 1 tablespoon olive oil and a pinch of salt.nAdd the chard and parsley to the bowl toss, pulling apart the noodles. In a small bowl, beat the eggs with the parmesan cheese and salt and pepper to taste add to the noodles and toss to coat.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a 9inch skillet with a lid over medium heat. Add the noodle mixture and press down with a spatula cover and cook until the bottom is golden brown, about 8 minutes. Place a large plate over the pan invert the cake onto the plate. Slide the cake back into the pan, cover and cook until golden on the other side, 5 to 10 minutes. Invert onto a plate, sprinkle with salt and cut into wedges.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 3ounce packages ramen noodles, seasoning packets discarded, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 bunch Swiss chard, leaves only, thinly sliced, 12 cup fresh parsley, coarsely chopped, 5 large eggs, 14 cup coarsely grated Parmesan cheese, Freshly ground pepper], title: Nicoise Noodle Cake, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 43846: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together the butter, the eggs, the sour cream, the parsley, the lemon juice, the Worcestershire sauce, the paprika, the salt, and the cayenne and stir in the crab meat and the bread crumbs gently. Form 12cup measures of the mixture into twelve 34inchthick cakes and transfer the crab cakes as they are formed to a baking sheet sprinkled with half the cornmeal. Sprinkle the crab cakes with the remaining cornmeal and chill them, covered with plastic wrap, for at least 1 hour or overnight.nIn a large heavy skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it saute the crab cakes in batches, turning them once, for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, or until they are golden, transferring them as they are cooked to paper towels to drain. Keep the crab cakes warm on another baking sheet in a 200 degree oven. Serve the crab cakes with the tarragon tartar sauce and the lemon wedges.nIn a small bowl whisk together the mayonnaise, the shallots, the cornichons, the olives, the tarragon, the vinegar, and the Tabasco until the tartar sauce is combined well. The sauce may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.nYield: 2 cupsnRecipe courtesy Gourmet Magazine ., ingredients: [12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 4 large eggs, beaten lightly, 6 tablespoons sour cream, 14 cup minced fresh parsley leaves preferably flatleafed, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 14 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste, 2 pounds lump crab meat, picked over, 2 cups fine fresh bread crumbs, 13 cup cornmeal, 12 cup vegetable oil, Tarragon tartar sauce, as an accompaniment  Recipe follows, Lemon wedges, as an accompaniment, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 3 shallots, minced, 4 cornichons French sour gherkins, available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets, minced, 18 green olives preferably brinecured, pitted and chopped, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon leaves, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, or to taste, Hot pepper sauce, to taste], title: Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 43847: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium. Toast the pecans in a dry skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, 5 to 7 minutes set aside.nLightly brush the grill grates with olive oil. Add the ham steaks and grill until marked and heated through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove to a cutting board and slice into 12inchthick strips set aside.nWhisk the vinegar, honey, mustard, herbs and shallot in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Add the peaches, mesclun, pecans and ham and gently toss. Season with salt and pepper and top with the goat cheese.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [12 cup pecans, roughly chopped, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the grill, 2 7ounce ham steaks, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or white balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped mixed fresh herbs such as chives and tarragon, 1 shallot, minced, 3 peaches about 1 pound, cut into 12inch wedges, 1 5ounce package mesclun greens about 8 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 ounces goat cheese, crumbled], title: Grilled Ham Salad with Peaches and Goat Cheese, picturelink: C3P1O7j6tL4tzcQ2iHOGKun4Udu4JiG}, 43848: {instructions: Cook soba noodles according to package directions.nMeanwhile, heat the sesame oil in a large skillet. Add ginger and garlic and saute 1 minute. Add beef, scallions, snap peas and carrots and saute 1 minute. Add broth and soy sauce and bring to a simmer and cook 5 minutes, until carrots are soft. Drain noodles and add to sauce. Toss together with cilantro., ingredients: [12 ounces soba noodles, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 ounces grilled beef, cut into 14inch pieces, 8 grilled scallions, chopped, 1 cup snap peas, 13 cup shredded carrots, 34 cup reducedsodium beef broth, 14 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Beef Lo Mein, picturelink: MggAyYuMW9OrkHucvp5cMEpKTcmRt.}, 43849: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the oats, flour, baking soda and salt in a food processor and pulse until the oats are finely ground. Set aside.n2. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter, sugar and agave nectar until light and fluffy. Add the egg and vanilla and mix until smooth and glossy. Reduce mixer speed to the lowest setting and gradually add the flour mixture until just incorporated stir in the chocolate.n3. Drop level tablespoons of the dough onto silicone mat lined baking sheets, 2 inches apart 12 cookies per sheet. Transfer the sheets to the refrigerator and chill the cookies until solid, about 30 minutes. Bake until lightly golden around edges, about 12 to 14 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through. Remove the baking sheets from the oven and let cool on the sheets for 1 minute transfer to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [12 cup rolled oats not quickcooking, 1 cup wholewheat pastry flour, spooned and leveled, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, softened, 23 cup packed lightbrown sugar, 3 tablespoons agave nectar, 1 large egg, room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, or 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Lighter Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 43850: {instructions: Pour the beer into a glass let sit until flat, about 1 hour.nButter an 8inchsquare baking dish. Bring half of the beer to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat cook until reduced to 2 teaspoons, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the remaining beer, the brown sugar, corn syrup, cream and butter in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer registers 235 degrees F, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the beer syrup and pretzels. Spread in the prepared dish and chill until firm, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Cut into pieces.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12ounce bottle brown ale, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the dish, 1 14 cups packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 12 cups coarsely crushed thin pretzels], title: BeerPretzel Caramels, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 43851: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the cranberry juice, orange liquor and pear brandy to a shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously for 30 seconds. Strain into two champagne flutes and top with Champagne., ingredients: [4 ounces cranberry juice, 2 ounces orangeflavored liqueur, 1 ounce pear brandy, Ice, as needed, Champagne], title: Ginas Love Potion, picturelink: I59Reg9pwgi9KnW0iT7TFmolpACjk7G}, 43852: {instructions: In a large nonreactive bowl, combine the lemon juice, olive oil, salt and pepper. Add the apples, fennel, celery and cilantro. Toss until well combined. Taste and adjust seasonings., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper, 2 large apples, julienned, 1 medium head fennel, cored and thinly sliced, 3 large ribs celery, sliced about 1 cup, 12 cup cilantro leaves, roughly chopped or more to taste], title: Fennel, Apple, Celery Salad with Cilantro and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 43853: {instructions: Arrange the tomatoes in opposing circles on an oval platter. Drizzle the olive oil evenly over the tomatoes. Sprinkle with the salt, pepper and, if desired, sugar. Let stand for about 15 minutes and, just before serving, sprinkle with the vinegar and basil., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, 3 tablespoons fruity Spanish olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 14 teaspoon sugar optional, 1 12 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 bunch basil, leaves only, cut into chiffonade], title: Ensalada de Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 43854: {instructions: Put all the ingredients in a food processor and blend until smooth. Reserve some of the juice from cooking the beans, or if you are using a canned product extra water can be used if there is not enough in the can. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds cooked black beans, 1 12 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 12 teaspoons toasted cumin seed, ground, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 14 cup sour cream, 12 jalapeno, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Black Bean Cumin Dip, picturelink: null}, 43855: {instructions: Rinse the chicken pieces and pat dry with paper towels. In a shallow platter, combine the buttermilk, water, and red pepper sauce. Soak the chicken pieces, turn to coat, then cover, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. If time allows, marinate the chicken for up to 24 hours because the buttermilk promotes tenderness. Place flour in a shallow platter. Season it by mixing in salt, pepper, oregano, garlic, paprika, and cayenne. Roll the marinated chicken pieces in the flour, a few at a time, until well coated. Then, dip chicken in the buttermilk bath again followed by another coat of seasoned flour. Allow the chicken to sit in the flour and dry out while preparing the oil, this will help the coating stay on better. The buttermilk will keep absorbing the seasoned flour, which then fries up to form a crunchy crust. Heat oil in a large electric skillet to 350 degrees F. There should be about 1inch of fat in the pan. Carefully add the chicken pieces in a single layer, skin side down. Do not crowd the pan or the temperature will plummet make sure the fat continues to bubble around the chicken. Fry for 5 minutes, then turn the pieces over and fry the other side 5 minutes. Turn again, frying a total of 15 minutes. The turning will produce a goldencrisp skin with even color. Remove chicken to a plate lined with paper towels to drain. Do not put hot chicken directly in a bowl or container, the air can not circulate and the steam will cause the crust to fall off. Serve immediately or cool to room temperature., ingredients: [3 12 pound frying chicken, cut into 8 serving pieces, 2 cups buttermilk, 14 cup water, 2 teaspoons red pepper sauce, 3 cups flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Fresh cracked black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 4 cups peanut oil, for frying], title: Double Dipped Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 43856: {instructions: Make the sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until the onion is translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the carrot and celery, season with sea salt and pepper and saute until all the vegetables are soft, another 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and oregano and simmer over low heat, uncovered, until the sauce has thickened, about 1 hour. Season to taste with more sea salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, make the chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Set a wire rack on a baking sheet lined with foil. Sprinkle the chicken on both sides with kosher salt and pepper. Combine the flour and some kosher salt and pepper in a medium baking dish. In a second baking dish, whisk the eggs, milk and minced garlic. In a third dish, combine the panko and garlic salt.nDredge the chicken breasts through the flour mixture, dusting off any excess, then through the egg mixture, letting the excess drip off, and then through the panko, making sure to coat the chicken on both sides. Set the breaded chicken on the wire rack and refrigerate for 30 minutes to allow the breading to set.nFill a large deep skillet halfway with vegetable oil and heat over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Using tongs, carefully place the breaded chicken in the hot oil, working in batches to avoid crowding the pan. Fry, turning once, until light golden on both sides, about 4 minutes. Return the chicken to the wire rack.nDollop 2 tablespoons sauce over each piece of chicken and sprinkle evenly with the parmesan and mozzarella. Transfer to the oven and bake until the chicken is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Serve with the remaining sauce on the side.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 32ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 8 skinless, boneless chicken breasts 6 to 8 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, 34 cup milk, 7 cloves garlic, minced, 3 cups panko breadcrumbs, 2 teaspoons garlic salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella cheese], title: Garlicky Chicken Parm, picturelink: jEVrV9LgoJAmxoYTnjitTxL1GGLa}, 43857: {instructions: Saute the garlic and pancetta in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until they begin to crisp and turn golden. If the pancetta is lean and renders little fat, add the olive oil. Add the arugula and cook, turning occasionally, until the leaves wilt, 3 to 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, crushed, 2 ounces pancetta, diced, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, if needed, 4 cups loosely packed largeleafed arugula about 2 bunches, rinsed, drained but not dried, Kosher or sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Sauteed Arugula with Pancetta and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 43858: {instructions: Using a Japanese ginger grater or very fine holes on grater, grate ginger to make 2 teaspoons ginger shreds and juice. In a small bowl mix ginger with remaining ingredients. Let stand 10 minutes. Pour sauce through a fine strainer and serve with panfried scallops., ingredients: [1 2inch knob gingerroot, peeled, 4 teaspoons freshlysqueezed lemon juice, 4 teaspoons Thai fish sauce, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar], title: GingerLemon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43859: {instructions: Ready to use, hydrated cod can be found at most fish shops. However, if you choose to buy dry salted cod, soak it in a large bowl of cold water for 2 to 3 days, changing the water 3 to 4 times a day. This will rehydrate the cod and ensure that it is not too salty.nCut the cod into 2 by 2inch pieces. Lightly dredge the cod in flour, shaking off any excess, and set aside.nIn a large saucepan, heat 1 cup of the extravirgin olive oil. Make sure the oil is hot before adding the cod, otherwise the cod will absorb the excess oil. Cook until golden brown on both sides.nIn another saucepan, heat the remaining 14 cup oil. Add the garlic, chili peppers, and capers, and let cook for a few minutes. Add the plum tomatoes along with the juices and crush some of the plum tomatoes with a wooden spoon. Add the oregano, season with salt, and cook for 5 minutes.nPut the cod in the sauce and cook for an additional 2 minutes. Sprinkle the dish with fresh parsley and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds hydrated cod, deboned, Flour, for dredging,, 1 14 cups extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, diced, 1 chili pepper, crushed, optional, 14 cup capers, 1 8ounce can peeled plum tomatoes, with juice, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, Salt, Small bunch fresh Italian parsley, finely chopped], title: Baccala Alla Pizzaiola: Cod with Tomato, picturelink: null}, 43860: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 400 degrees F. In small bowl, mix together tomato sauce, brown sugar, 1 tbsp. Adobo and mustard set aside.n2. In large bowl, mix together meatloaf mix, 34 cup tomato sauce mixture, breadcrumbs, onions, beaten egg, garlic and remaining adobo until well combined. Form meat mixture into oblong loaf shape. Transfer meat to greased 2lb. loaf pan cover with foil.n3. Transfer loaf pan to oven cook until internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on quickread thermometer, about 1 hr., 30 min.n4. Remove pan from oven discard foil. Carefully drain and discard fat in pan. Heat broiler. Spoon remaining tomato sauce mixture on loaf. Cook until sauce turns dark golden brown, about 10 minutes more. Remove from oven let rest 1015 min.n5. To serve, slice meatloaf into 6 portions serve warm., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz. GOYAu00ae Tomato Sauce, 2 tbsp. brown sugar, 112 tbsp. GOYA Adobo AllPurpose Seasoning with Pepper, divided, 1 tsp. Dijon mustard, 112 lbs. meatloaf mix ground beef, ground veal and ground pork, 1 cup seasoned breadcrumbs, 12 cup onions, finely diced, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tbsp. GOYA Minced Garlic], title: GOYAandreg Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 43861: {instructions: Insert a paring knife into the thickest part of each chicken breast to make a 3inchlong pocket down the side, cutting in about halfway. Rub the insides of the pockets with 1 tablespoon of the mustard for all 4 breasts. Stuff each breast with 2 half slices of ham and 1 slice of provolone, folding them to fit. Rub both sides of the chicken breasts with the olive oil and sprinkle with the salt and pepper.nHeat a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until very hot, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the chicken breasts and cook until golden brown and just cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes per side depending on the thickness of the chicken reduce the heat to medium if the chicken becomes too dark towards the end of the cooking time. Cover the skillet with a lid or a piece of aluminum foil during the last 3 minutes of cooking time to finish cooking the chicken through to an internal temperature of 160 degrees F. Check the temperature at the thickest part of the breast without stuffing.nTransfer the chicken to 4 plates or a cutting board and add the chicken broth and remaining 1 tablespoon mustard to the skillet. Cook, whisking, over mediumhigh heat until the sauce has reduced by about half, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and swirl in the butter and chopped herbs.nDepending on the size of the breasts, either put 1chicken breast on each of 4 plates or slice all the breasts and divide among 6 plates. Spoon the sauce over the chicken and serve with Crispy Sliced Roasted Potatoes on the side.nServing suggestion: Crispy Sliced Roasted Potatoes, recipe follows.nPlace a rimmed baking sheet in the center rack of the oven and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nThinly slice the potatoes about 18inch thick and toss with the oil, salt and pepper. Carefully spread the slices on the hot baking sheet in a single layer and roast until golden and crispy, turning with a metal spatula occasionally and spreading them out to cook evenly, 30 to 35 minutes., ingredients: [Four 8 to 10ounce boneless skinless chicken breast halves, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 slices deli ham, each slice halved about 3 ounces, 4 thin slices provolone about 2 12 ounces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs, such as parsley, chives or dill, 1 14 pounds redskinned potatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Ham and Cheese Stuffed Chicken Breasts, picturelink: FL0O8f2kYJsGDKAor.HhNwis8XyNbHW}, 43862: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the ground beef, egg, Worcestershire, shallots, garlic, parsley, ground mustard, bread crumbs, flour, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large bowl. Shape the mixture into 6 equalsized oval patties and set aside on a plate.nHeat a large frying pan over medium heat and add the canola oil and butter. When the butter foams add the patties and brown, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer the patties to a 13 by 9inch baking dish. Drain all of the fat from the pan but leave any browned bits.nReturn the pan to medium heat and melt the butter for the gravy. Add the mushrooms, onion, and thyme and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring rarely, until the mushrooms are slightly browned and soft, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour and mix until fully incorporated. Stir occasionally, until the flour is lightly toasted, about 3 minutes. Add the brandy and stir, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Slowly pour in the stock and stir until smooth. Let the mixture come to a boil and cook until sauce is reduced and thickened, about 8 minutes.nTaste and add salt and freshly ground black pepper, if needed. Lots of pepper is good in this dish Pour the sauce over the patties in the baking dish and cover with aluminum foil. Bake until the meat is tender and slightly pink in the middle, about 20 minutes. Remove the dish from the oven and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef sirloin, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon ground mustard, 2 tablespoons panko bread crumbs, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons butter, 8 ounces crimini mushrooms, cleaned well and quartered, 1 small onion, minced, 1 teaspoon finely chopped thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup brandy, 2 cups lowsodium beef stock], title: Chopped Steak and Mushroom Onion Gravy, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 43863: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Lightly oil 2 baking sheets.nDivide the dough into 4 equal pieces. Roll and stretch each portion of dough into an oval rustic is fine about 11 inches long by 6 inches wide. Place 2 rounds each on the prepared baking sheets.nToss the potatoes, onions, garlic and thyme in a medium bowl with 2 tablespoons of the oil, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Divide the mixture among the 4 crusts and sprinkle with the grated cheese. Bake until the crusts are golden and crisp and the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the arugula with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and the vinegar. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Top the warm pizzas with the salad and some Parmesan shavings. Serve with salami andor prosciutto to complete the meal., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the baking sheets, 1 pound prepared pizza dough, 2 large redskinned potatoes 12 ounces, very thinly sliced we love a mandolin for this, 12 cup thinly sliced red onions, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, plus some larger shavings for topping the pizzas, One 5ounce container baby arugula about 6 cups, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, Serving suggestion: sliced salami or prosciutto.], title: Potato Pizzas with Arugula Salad, picturelink: RgZhkcvWbEIaBkNjjgLyC16LcxTiGy}, 43864: {instructions: Put the chicken and peppercorns in a large pot, cover with water and season with salt. Bring to a gentle simmer over low heat and cook until tender, about 40 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a large plate and set the cooking liquid aside.nToast the sesame seeds in a dry skillet over medium heat, tossing, until golden, about 5 minutes. Set aside 2 tablespoons for garnish and transfer the rest to a blender. In the same skillet, toast the cloves, cinnamon stick, and anise and coriander seeds until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add to the blender.nRemove the stems and seeds from the dried chile peppers. Heat 4 tablespoons canola oil in the same skillet over medium heat. Add the chiles and fry until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover with hot water and set aside to soak until pliable, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the raisins, almonds, pumpkin seeds and tortilla pieces to the oil in the skillet and cook, stirring, until the seeds and tortillas are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add to the blender along with the oil from the skillet. Add the softened chiles and puree, pouring in 2 to 3 cups of the soaking liquid to make a thick, smooth sauce.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the chile sauce and fry, stirring, until thickened, 5 to 6 minutes. Add 4 cups of the reserved chicken cooking liquid and simmer until the sauce starts to thicken, about 20 minutes. Add the chocolate and simmer, stirring frequently, until the chocolate melts and the sauce reduces, about 20 more minutes. Add the sugar and season with salt.nAdd the chicken pieces to the sauce and warm through over low heat. Garnish with the reserved sesame seeds.nPhotgraph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 chicken 3 to 4 pounds, cut into 6 pieces, 5 black peppercorns, Kosher salt, 12 cup sesame seeds, 5 whole cloves, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 teaspoon anise seeds, 14 teaspoon coriander seeds, 6 dried guajillo chile peppers, 4 dried ancho chile peppers, 6 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup raisins, 14 cup whole blanched almonds, 14 cup hulled pumpkin seeds, 2 6inch corn tortillas, torn into pieces, 1 2.7ounce disk Mexican chocolate, broken into pieces, Pinch of sugar], title: Chicken Mole, picturelink: zad956Qjvfo1TVjXUj8WCaplVRHNFR2}, 43865: {instructions: Peel the eggs and slice in half lengthwise. Carefully remove the yolks, and transfer to a small bowl. Set egg whites aside.nAdd mayonnaise, tuna, and anchovies to the bowl with the yolks, and mash with a fork until mixture is well blended and almost smooth. Spoon tuna mixture into egg whites. Serve chilled or at room temperature.nMayonnaise:n1 large egg, room temperaturen1 12 cups extravirgin olive oiln1 teaspoon coarse saltn1 tablespoon sherry vinegarnIn a blender, combine the egg with about 1 teaspoon of the oil and the salt. On low speed, blend until combined.nWith the blender running, add remaining olive oil in a slow, steady stream until the oil is incorporated. If you prefer a thicker mayonnaise, blend for an additional 10 seconds at a higher speed.nTransfer the mayonnaise to a bowl, and stir in the vinegar. Serve immediately, or refrigerate, covered, for up to 2 days.nYield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [5 large eggs, hardboiled, 3 tablespoons Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 1 3ounce can albacore tuna packed in oil, drained and flaked, 5 anchovy fillets, chopped], title: Eggs Stuffed with Anchovies and Tuna, picturelink: MCfFswrGySNdTRq1POF7LfZn.Y9hO}, 43866: {instructions: Broth: In a medium sauce pan, slowly roast 3 cups of shrimp heads and shells in a small amount of oil until crisp and fragrant. Add all ingredients except water. Reduce by 14 and add water to cover the shells by 1inch. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer for 30 minutes. Strain, chill, and reserve.nRouille: Combine the first 5 ingredients in a bowl of a food processor and process until foamy, slowly drizzle in the oil until thick, season. You want this thick enough to dollop.nMussels: Place the carrots, fennel and leeks in a medium sauce pan with the saffron broth and the mussels. Cover and steam for 2 minutes or until the mussels have opened discard any unopened mussels. Remove mussels and divide among 4 service bowls. Add the tomatoes to the vegetables along with the herbs. Reduce for 4 minutes. Mount in the butter and season. Top each bowl of mussels with vegetables and broth. Mound with a generous dollop of rouille and serve with grilled bread., ingredients: [3 cups shrimp heads and shells, 2 tablespoons oil, 12 cup onions, medium dice, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, chopped after measured, 2 cups white wine, 3 to 4 stems each, tarragon and parsley, Water to cover, 2 small spicy red peppers, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 shrimp broth, 1 egg yolk, 12 cup peanut oil, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Table salt and pepper to taste, 12 cup carrots, fine julienne, 12 cup slivers of fennel, 12 cup long thin slices of leeks, Remaining broth, 4 dozen mussels, rope line, washed and beard removed, 12 cup tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 tablespoon each, roughly chopped, parsley, tarragon, chive, and thyme, 2 tablespoons butter, Grilled sour dough bread], title: Steamed Mussels Provencal, picturelink: null}, 43867: {instructions: Make the pickled cabbage: Combine the vinegar, sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium saucepan. Add the cabbage and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat simmer until the cabbage is brightly colored and tender, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat stir in the jam.nMeanwhile, make the remoulade: Mix the mayonnaise, mustard, relish, capers, curry powder, turmeric and 1 teaspoon minced onion in a small bowl reserve the remaining onion. Refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the patties: Combine the beef, halfandhalf, breadcrumbs, nutmeg, remaining minced onion, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl and combine with your hands. Form the mixture into six 34inchthick patties.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a castiron skillet over high heat. Add 3 patties to the skillet cook until browned, 4 minutes. Flip and cook until cooked through, about 5 more minutes. Top each burger with a slice of cheese cover and cook until melted, 1 minute. Transfer to a plate and repeat with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, burger patties and cheese. Spread the remoulade on the top buns. Sandwich with the burgers and pickled cabbage.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [12 cup white vinegar, 12 cup sugar, Kosher salt, 12 small red cabbage, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon red currant jam, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon dill pickle relish, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 small onion, minced, 2 pounds lean ground beef sirloin, 12 cup halfandhalf, 14 cup breadcrumbs, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 slices havarti cheese, 6 rye buns, split], title: Danish Meatball Burgers with Pickled Red Cabbage, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 43868: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill or grill pan on medium heat. Whisk together the coconut milk, curry powder, fish sauce, salt, red pepper flakes, lime zest and lime juice in a medium bowl.n2. Place 2 large pieces of heavyduty foil from an 18inch box on top of each other and put the mussels, garlic and onions on top. Fold the foil pieces upward to form a bowl or packet and pour the coconut milk mixture over the mussels. Close the packet, creating a seamless seal and leaving some space between the mussels and the top of the packet. Place on the grill and cook for 10 minutes, shaking the packet once.n3. While the mussels are cooking, brush the bread with the olive oil. Place a sheet of heavyduty foil on the grill next to the mussels and add the bread slices. Grill until the slices begin to char, flipping halfway through, 2 to 3 minutes.n4. Remove the mussels from the grill and open the packet, being careful of steam. Pour the mussels and the liquid into a serving bowl, sprinkle with the cilantro and scallions and serve with the grilled bread., ingredients: [1 cup coconut milk, 1 tablespoon yellow curry powder, 1 teaspoon fish sauce or soy sauce, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Zest of 2 limes, Juice of 1 lime, 1 12 pounds mussels, scrubbed well and beards removed, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 small onion, thinly sliced, 8 slices crusty French bread, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 scallion, thinly sliced], title: Curry Grilled Mussels, picturelink: null}, 43869: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper, if desired. Beat brown sugar and butter in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until creamy. Add 12 cup peanut butter, egg and vanilla, beating until blended.nCOMBINE flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and baking powder in medium bowl, stirring until well blended. Gradually add to creamed mixture, beating just until blended. Mix in oats.nDROP by 2 level teaspoonfuls, 2 inches apart, onto prepared baking sheets to make 48 mounds. Bake 9 to 11 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on baking sheet 3 minutes. Remove to wire rack to cool completely.nBEAT frosting and remaining 34 cup peanut butter in medium bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until blended. Spread in an even layer on the flat side of half the cookies. Place another cookie, flat side down, on top of filling mixture to make sandwich cookies., ingredients: [1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup butter, softened, 1 14 cups Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, divided, 1 large egg, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 34 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 tsp. baking soda, 12 tsp. salt, 14 tsp. ground cinnamon, 14 tsp. baking powder, 1 cup quickcooking or oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 cup Pillsburyu00ae Whipped Supremeu00ae Fluffy White Frosting, or Pillsburyu00ae Whipped Supremeu00ae Vanilla Flavored Frosting], title: Peanut Butter Oatmeal Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: T6v20KGN0QzXZUU7HQOoG0XRr7g.lC}, 43870: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Sift together dry ingredients. Cut in butter with a fork or pastry mixer until mixture is consistency of crumbs. Add a quarter cup of the beer, stirring gently to combine, and then add remaining beer and mix gently to make soft, sticky dough. Do not overmix or biscuits will be tough. Pat dough out on a floured work surface to a thickness of 12  to 34inches and cut into biscuits. Place on baking pan and bake 1520 minutes until golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tsp. baking powder, 1 tsp. sugar, 1 tsp. salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 12cup beer], title: Beer Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 43871: {instructions: Arrange lettuce on a platter. Top with salmon, bacon, carrots, bell pepper, red onion, capers, eggs, and gorgonzola.nIn a small bowl, whisk together sour cream, buttermilk, Dijon, and dill. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Pour dressing over salad and serve., ingredients: [6 cups chopped romaine lettuce, 2 cooked salmon fillets, pulled apart with 2 forks into 1inch pieces, 4 slices turkey bacon, cooked until crisp and crumbled, 1 cup shredded carrots, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 12 cup thinly sliced red onion, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 2 hard boiled eggs, sliced, 14 cup crumbled gorgonzola, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Salmon Cobb Salad in Creamy Dill Dressing, picturelink: FgkxEYdZIFjSCVZqr7Xu7e7NvWXUcy}, 43872: {instructions: To prepare the salad: Put the spinach in a salad bowl and arrange the orange segments and walnuts decoratively on top.nTo prepare the vinaigrette: In a small clean bowl, using a wire whisk, mix the vinegar, sugar and thyme. Drizzle in the oil, whisking constantly. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nDrizzle the thyme vinaigrette over the salad and serve., ingredients: [1 9ounce bag spinach or baby spinach leaves, washed and dried, 2 oranges, segmented, 12 cup walnuts, toasted, 1 12 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 to 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped thyme leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spinach and Walnut Salad with Thyme Vinaigrette, picturelink: YVqYioaCxmnZjprt2XDZl9iyJ9NyOW.}, 43873: {instructions: Make the whipped cream: Combine the heavy cream, Fluff, almond liqueur and vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment whip until soft peaks form.nMake the hot chocolate: Combine the whole milk and coconut milk in a saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the cocoa powder, brown sugar, chocolate chips, vanilla and salt cook, whisking constantly, until the sugar and chocolate melt and the mixture is smooth and thick, about 5 minutes.nDivide the hot chocolate among mugs and top with a large dollop of the whipped cream. Dust with cocoa powder and garnish with toasted coconut.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [34 cup very cold heavy cream, 12 cup Marshmallow Fluff, 2 tablespoons almondflavored liqueur such as amaretto, or 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup whole milk, 1 14ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 2 tablespoons goodquality unsweetened cocoa powder such as Valrhona or Ghirardelli, plus more for garnish, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 12 cup goodquality bittersweet chocolate chips such as Callebaut or Ghirardelli, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch of fine sea salt, 12 cup sweetened shredded coconut, lightly toasted], title: Coconut Hot Chocolate With AlmondFluff Whipped Cream, picturelink: RkOsHd0yKLITn5RwKDJL67vlSIiAE6}, 43874: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Drain currants and pat dry. Into a large bowl sift together flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Add butter and blend with a pastry blender or your fingertips until it forms fine crumbs. Add currants and mix well.nAdd halfandhalf, and stir with a fork just until it comes together and forms a dough. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface and knead for 1 minute. Roll out into a 34inch thick round. Use a lightly floured 3inch cookie or biscuit cutter to stamp out rounds. Pat together scraps and reroll. Place on a greased cookie sheet and brush tops with egg glaze. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until puffed and golden brown., ingredients: [12 cup currants, soaked in boiling water for 15 minutes, 4 cups flour, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 1 34 cups halfandhalf, 1 egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon sugar, for glaze], title: Classic Currant Scones, picturelink: null}, 43875: {instructions: Roasted Onions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine all of the ingredients, except the onions in a medium shallow baking dish. Add the onions, toss them in the mixture and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCover the onions with foil and roast for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and continue roasting until tender, about 35 to 40 minutes, basting with the juices several times. In a saute pan place butter and melt. Add orzo and tomatoes. Toss until orzo is cooked through. Place the orzo in a large bowl and spoon the onions and the cooking liquid over the pasta.nTapenade: Place all ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSalmon: Season the salmon with salt and pepper to taste. Spread 2 tablespoons of the tapenade over each piece of salmon not on the skin side. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large saute pan. Place 4 of the fillets in the pan, tapenade side down, and saute until a crust forms, about 2 minutes. Turn the fish over and continue cooking for about 5 minutes for mediumrare doneness.nServe the salmon with the Roasted onions., ingredients: [2 branches fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 14 cup olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 large red onions, diced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound orzo, cooked al dente, 3 fresh plum tomatoes, quartered, 1 12 cups Nicoise olives, pitted, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 3 anchovy fillets, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 salmon fillets, 6 ounces each, Salt and pepper, Black Olive Tapenade, recipe above, 14 cup pure olive oil, Chopped fresh parsley], title: Tapenade Crusted Salmon and Orzo with Roasted Red Onions, picturelink: null}, 43876: {instructions: 1. To make the sauce: Heat 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef, garlic, salt to taste, and the pepper and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until the beef is browned. Set aside.n2. Heat the rest of the oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring a bit, until soft. Stir in all of the tomato products. Fill the tomato puree can with hot water, and stir in the beef and chicken base to dissolve. Add the mixture to the saucepan along with the Parmesan, steak seasoning, garlic salt, basil, and parsley, and bring to a simmer.n3. Add the beef to the sauce, reduce the heat to low, and simmer, uncovered, for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Taste and add salt, if necessary.n4. To make the baked pasta: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil a 10inch deepdish pie plate.n5. Toss the cooked pasta with 2 cups of the meat sauce and 112 cups each of the mozzarella and Cheddar cheeses. Mound the mixture in the pie dish and top with the rest of the meat sauce and the mozzarella and Cheddar. Place the pie dish on a baking sheet, and bake until bubbling and golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Top with the Parmesan cheese and serve hot., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, divided, 2 pounds lean ground beef, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 small onion, diced, 2 12ounce cans tomato paste, 1 29ounce can tomato puree, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, with juice, 1 tablespoon beef base, such as Better Than Bouillon, 1 tablespoon chicken base, such as Better Than Bouillon, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 teaspoons steak seasoning, such as McCormicks Montreal Steak Seasoning, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon dried parsley, Vegetable oil, for the baking dish, 1 pound dried mostaccioli, cooked al dente, 3 12 to 4 cups meat sauce, warm or at room temperature, 2 12 cups shredded wholemilk mozzarella cheese, 2 12 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, Shredded or grated Parmesan cheese, for garnish], title: Baked Mostaccioli, picturelink: null}, 43877: {instructions: Bring the coconut cream to a simmer over medium heat in a large, deep skillet or Dutch oven. Add the red curry paste and simmer, stirring, for several minutes. Add the coconut milk, simmer for 1 to 2 minutes then add the eggplant, fish sauce, salt, sugar and kaffir lime leaves. Simmer the curry until the eggplant is soft and cooked, about 15 minutes. Add the lobster and basil and heat through. Spoon the curry into a serving bowl, garnish with sliced chiles and serve with rice.nToast the coriander and cumin seeds in a small pan over very low heat until fragrant, about 5 minutes. In a spice grinder or mortar, grind the seeds to a fine powder. Transfer the spice powder to a blender. Add the chiles, shallots, garlic, lemongrass, lime leaves, peppercorns and shrimp paste. Puree, adding water a tablespoon at a time, until the mixture forms a thick paste. Store covered in a cool dry place., ingredients: [12 cup unsweetened coconut cream, see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons red curry paste, recipe follows, 1 13 cup coconut milk, see Cooks Note, 6 Thai eggplant, cut in chunks See Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 13 teaspoons sugar, 5 kaffir lime leaves, torn into small pieces, 12 to 14 ounces cooked lobster meat, coarsely chopped, 13 cup basil leaves, 2 red finger hot chiles, thinly sliced, for garnish, Serving suggestion: steamed rice, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 15 dried birdseye chiles, soaked in hot water for 15 minutes, 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 4 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh lemongrass, 3 kaffir lime leaves, minced, 20 black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon dried shrimp paste, Water], title: Erawans Red Curry Lobster, picturelink: lo3hJgnMuwHuUwTGg5FnjPs9oA8Lg8a}, 43878: {instructions: Spray a 9 by 5 by 3inch metal loaf pan with nonstick spray. Line the pan with plastic wrap, allowing the excess to hang over the ends and sides.nCombine the crushed amaretti cookies and the melted butter. Put in the lined pan and press down to firm and form a crust.nWhisk 12 cup of the sugar, the egg yolks, lemon juice, lime juice, limoncello, and salt in a large metal bowl to blend. Set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water do not allow the bottom of the bowl to touch the water. Whisk the egg mixture until it is thick and creamy, and a thermometer inserted into the mixture registers 160 degrees F, about 5 minutes. Set the bowl of custard into another bowl of ice water to cool completely. Stir in the zest.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the cream and remaining 14 cup sugar in another large bowl until firm peaks form. Using a large rubber spatula, gently fold the whipped cream into the custard. Spoon the mixture onto the prepared crust. Fold the overhanging plastic wrap over the custard and freeze until frozen, at least 8 hours or up to 3 days.nUnfold the plastic wrap. Invert the semifreddo onto a platter and peel off the plastic wrap. Cut the semifreddo into 1inch slices and sprinkle with crushed amaretti cookies and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 4 ounces purchased amaretti cookies, crushed about 20 small cookies plus more for sprinkling, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup sugar, plus 14 cup, 8 large egg yolks, 14 cup lemon juice, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons limoncello, Pinch salt, 1 lemon, zested, 1 lime, zested, 1 cup whipping cream], title: Citrus Semifreddo, picturelink: jCzRla.BnmvnVq0wpCJoTc0zFd.Jz6}, 43879: {instructions: Brush melted bittersweet chocolate on the inside of a foil cupcake liner and freeze 10 minutes. Add 2 more layers of melted chocolate, freezing after each. Youu00bfll need 1 ounce of chocolate for each cup. Peel off the liners and fill the cups with ice cream. Pipe whipped cream on top, decorate with sprinkles and return to the freezer.nPhotograph by Cory Dawson, ingredients: [], title: Ice Cream Cupcakes, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 43880: {instructions: Special equipment: parchment paper, stand mixernPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTake the buttermilk out of the refrigerator about 2 hours before preparing the batter. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper and spray with cooking spray.nIn a standing mixer, cream the butter and the sugar with the paddle attachment. Add the egg and once it is incorporated with the butter add the buttermilk. The mixture will look curdled. Add the vanilla, vinegar and food coloring.nIn a medium bowl combine all of the dry ingredients together. Add the dry ingredients to the buttermilk mixture and combine completely, scraping down the sides of the bowl to get everything well mixed. Put the batter in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.nUse a spoon or a small ice cream scoop and scoop the batter onto the cooking sheet, leaving at least a 3inch space between scoops. Bake until the cookies are springy and firm to the touch, about 10 minutes. Allow the cookies to cool completely before filling.nFilling: Put the cream cheese and butter into the bowl of a standing mixer and using the paddle attachment, beat on medium speed until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the vanilla and lemon juice and beat to combine.nLower the speed to slow and carefully add the sugar, 1 cup at a time. When all of the sugar has been added, switch to the whisk attachment and beat until fluffy.nUsing a butter knife, spread the desired amount of frosting between 2 cookies. Arrange the completed pies on a serving dish and repeat with remaining cookies and frosting., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 4 ounces soft butter, 2 cups sugar, 1 egg, 1 cup buttermilk, room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon vinegar, 1 tablespoon red food coloring, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pound soft cream cheese, room temperature, 3 tablespoons soft butter, room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 8 ounces confectioners sugar, sifted], title: Red Velvet Whoopie Pies, picturelink: null}, 43881: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the creme fraiche, orange and lemon juices, sugar and mint.nPeel and slice the bananas, put in a large bowl, along with the cantaloupe, pineapple, strawberries and grapes. Add the cru00e8me fraiche mixture and toss gently to coat the fruit with the dressing.nPut the salad into a serving dish or bowl and garnish with the kiwi slices.nChefs notes:nIve also served this salad with a scoop of frozen yogurt instead of mixing in cru00e8me fraiche., ingredients: [1 cup creme fraiche, sour cream or yogurt, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup lemon juice, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 fresh mint leaves, chopped, 2 ripe bananas, 1 cantaloupe, peeled, seeded and cut into chunks, 1 ripe pineapples, peeled, cored and cut into chunks, 1 pint strawberries, hulled and quartered, 12 cup red seedless grapes, 3 kiwi, peeled and sliced], title: Ambrosia Extreme Makeover, picturelink: null}, 43882: {instructions: Place the steak flat in a large nonreactive dish such as glass or porcelain. Using the tip of a sharp knife, lightly score the top of the steak diagonally in a large crisscross pattern to make what looks like 1inch diamonds across the steak. This allows the marinade to penetrate into the meat.nIn a 2cup measuring cup, whisk together the wine, olive oil, mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Stir in the shallots and garlic. Pour the marinade over and under the steak until itu00bfs completely coated. Scatter the tarragon on top. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and allow it to marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours but preferably overnight.nHalf an hour before serving, remove the steak from the refrigerator and heat a charcoal grill with a layer of hot coals. You can also set a gas grill on mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the steak with 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Discard the remaining marinade.nGrill the steak for about 5 minutes per side for mediumrare. Place the steak on a clean plate, cover tightly with aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 10 minutes. Slice the steak thin, cutting diagonally across the grain. Sprinkle with salt and serve hot., ingredients: [1 flank steak 2 to 2 12 pounds, 13 cup dry white wine, 13 cup good olive oil, 13 cup Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup chopped shallots 2 shallots, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh tarragon leaves], title: MustardMarinated Flank Steak, picturelink: null}, 43883: {instructions: Mix the goat cheese, herbs, salt, and pepper in a bowl.nSpread out the grape leaves, in sets of 2 overlapping pairs. Scoop 2 ounces ice cream scoop works best of goat cheese mixture, and place in the middle of the pair of grape leaves. Starting with 1 end, fold each side until goat cheese is covered, making a rectangular packet. Repeat with remaining leaves. Place stuffed leaves in a container and cover with extra virgin olive oil.nHeat a grill.nUsing tongs, place the packets onto the hot grill. When marked, turn over, and mark on the other side. Grill until cheese is soft. When soft, remove from grill.nPlace on a bed of arugula, and tear open the grape leaf. Brush 8 pieces of bread with olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and grill both sides. Cut in half on a bias and serve with the goat cheese with the grilled bread and marinated olives., ingredients: [8 large grape leaves, 8 ounces goat cheese, 1 tablespoon mixed herbs thyme, basil, rosemary, andor parsley, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, Arugula, for a salad, 8 slices Greek loaf bread, Marinated olives, as an accompaniment], title: Goat Cheese filled Grape Leaves, picturelink: null}, 43884: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 6 mini paper drink cups and six 6inch lollipop or wooden pop sticksnPut the blueberry preserves into a quartsize heavy resealable plastic food bag and squeeze it into one corner. Put the yogurt into the bag and squeeze it gently with your hands to lightly mix swirls of blueberry throughout the yogurt are fine.nArrange 6 mini paper drink cups on a small baking sheet. Using scissors, cut about 12 inch off the corner of the bag and squeeze the swirled yogurt mixture into the cups, filling them about twothirds full. Gently insert a 6inch lollipop stick into each cup. The thickness of the yogurt should help the sticks stand upright.nFreeze for at least 2 hours before peeling off the paper cups and serving., ingredients: [12 cup blueberry preserves, 1 12 cups lowfat plain Greek yogurt], title: Blueberry Yogurt Pops, picturelink: ZLRuaqYg1efNQBSpKuSDmFIStS5xPGy}, 43885: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over a medium heat. Add the onions and cook until they are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Add tomato sauce, tomato paste, water, vinegar, molasses, pepper and liquid smoke and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow and simmer for 15 minutes. Add chopped chicken, return to a simmer, and cook an additional 10 minutes.nSplit rolls. Place a leaf of lettuce on each roll, then pile on 34 cup of the chicken mixture onto the roll., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 14ounce can lowsodium tomato sauce, 14 cup tomato paste, 12 cup water, 13 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons molasses, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon liquid smoke, 1 whole rotisserie chicken, skin removed, meat shredded into thin strips about 4 to 4 12 cups, 6 wholewheat hamburger rolls, 6 large green lettuce leaves], title: Pulled BBQ Chicken Sandwiches, picturelink: HM.XLAIZrZDbXFuXc7Pw5loWcIWaOoK}, 43886: {instructions: Combine the caramel sauce, thyme sprigs and 2 tablespoons water in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave until hot, about 1 minute. Cover and keep warm.nCut the baguette into 4 long, angled slices. Divide half of the cheese among 2 bread slices sprinkle with half of the chives. Top with the apple slices and the remaining cheese, chives and 2 bread slices.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the sandwiches and cook, pressing occasionally with a spatula, until the bread is toasted and the cheese melts, about 4 minutes per side, adding more butter to the pan if needed.nRemove the thyme from the caramel sauce and sprinkle with sea salt. Serve with the sandwiches for dipping.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [14 cup jarred caramel sauce or dulce de leche, 3 sprigs thyme, 12 baguette, 4 ounces Camembert cheese, rind removed, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 Granny Smith apple, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more if needed, Flaky sea salt, for topping], title: CamembertApple Grilled Cheese With Salted Caramel, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}, 43887: {instructions: Open up the artichoke by hitting the artichoke head on a flat surface. Sprinkle the artichokes with salt and pepper. Drizzle each artichoke with extravirgin olive oil. Carefully place the artichokes on hot ashes and cook for approximately 20 minutes or until the artichokes are tender. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 artichokes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Carciofi Alla Brace: Artichokes Cooked in Ash, picturelink: null}, 43888: {instructions: For the iced tea: Pour 8 cups boiling water over teabags in a heatproof pitcher and allow to brew, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove teabags and add sweetener to taste if using. Stir in 12 cups ice cubes until melted. Keep refrigerated until ready to use.nFor the holiday pie spice blend: Mix together the sugar, cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons salt, allspice, ginger, cloves and nutmeg in a small bowl and set aside.nFor the nuts: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil a rimmed baking sheet.nPut the egg white in a large bowl and whisk until frothy. Add the almonds, hazelnuts, peanuts and pecans and toss to coat in the egg white. Add the spice blend and toss to coat.nSpread the nut mixture evenly out on the prepared baking sheet and bake, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet, then stir in the bacon and transfer to a large bowl. Serve with iced tea., ingredients: [Iced Tea:, 4 teabags, Sugar or sweetener, optional, Holiday Pie Spice Blend:, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Nuts:, Vegetable oil, for oiling the baking sheet, 1 large egg white, 1 cup unsalted raw almonds, 1 cup unsalted raw hazelnuts, 1 cup unsalted raw peanuts, 1 cup unsalted raw pecans, 1 cup chopped cooked bacon], title: Sweet and Savory Holiday Pie Spiced Nuts with Bacon, picturelink: null}, 43889: {instructions: Puree 1 12 cups thawed frozen peaches with 12 cup bourbon and 3 tablespoons sugar in a blender until smooth. Divide among 6 flutes top with sparkling wine and sprinkle with black pepper.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: BourbonPepper Bellinis, picturelink: HUcTA5gcIu06BVt5Ugo1BhYT6Qg8y}, 43890: {instructions: Fold 4 9 by 13inch pieces of parchment paper in half and starting at the top of the fold, cut a large half circle from the paper. When the fold is opened it should be a full circle. It is okay if it is not a perfect circlea heart shape is even better. Reserve.nIn a bowl combine the zucchini, butternut squash, Brussels sprouts and leeks. Toss generously with olive oil and season with the thyme leaves and salt. Oil and salt the halibut as well.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nOpen the parchment paper circles or hearts and brush the paper with olive oil leaving a 1inch border around the edge.nDivide the seasoned vegetables between the 4 papers, placing them in the center just above the crease. Lay the fish fillets on top of the vegetables and place a lemon slice on top of each fish fillet. Fold the paper over the fish. Working from 1 end of the parchment to the other fold the bottom of the paper over the top to crease and seal the packets. The closure needs to be very secure so the steam will not escape during the cooking process. Before the package is completely sealed, carefully add 12 cup wine in each then seal. Bake in the preheated oven for 8 to 9 minutes.nRemove the fish from the oven, place on serving dishes and serve immediately. Have each diner slice open their own parchment package so they can get the full effect of the burst of aromatic steam that will be released from the package., ingredients: [2 zucchini, green part only, julienned, 1 small butternut squash, top part only, peeled and julienned, 1 pint Brussels sprouts, leaves pulled apart, 1 large leek, julienned, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon picked thyme leaves, Kosher salt, 4 6ounce halibut fillets, 4 slices lemon, 2 cups dry white wine, Special Equipment: Parchment paper], title: Halibut in Cartoccio, picturelink: keRCyjHlXWds3LhHjXdqS.I.R.dyhHm}, 43891: {instructions: In a very large pot put small amount of water in bottom of pan and bring to a boil. Place rack in the bottom of the pan. Chicken goes in first, rib side down, with a layer of cornhusks on top. Cover and cook for about 5 minutes. Then, layer the corn, lobster, shrimp, clams and potatoes on top of the chicken. Cover and cook until shellfish is pink and chicken is cooked throughout., ingredients: [4 chicken breasts with ribs and skin, cut in half, 4 ears corn, save husks, 4 lobster tails, 1 pound shrimp in shells, deveined, 24 littleneck clams, 2 pounds small red potatoes, cooked], title: Wachowicz Family Seafood Feast, picturelink: null}, 43892: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 6 to 8 cup capacity punch bowlnPlace the ice in a punch bowl. Add the simple syrup, pomegranate juice, and cranberry juice. Stir well. Slowly pour in the sparkling water. Garnish with lime slices, mint sprigs and pomegranate seeds, if using, and serve.nServing Suggestion: As an alternative to serving from a punch bowl, make the bellini mixture in a 6 to 8 cup capacity pitcher. Divide the pomegranate seeds between 12 champagne flutes. Add 1 slice of lime and 1 sprig of mint to each glass. Pour the bellini mixture into the prepared glasses and serve.nIn a saucepan, combine water and sugar over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Take the pan off the heat and allow the syrup to cool., ingredients: [1 cup ice, 1 12 cups simple syrup, recipe follows, 1 14 cups unsweetened pomegranate juice, chilled, 1 cup unsweetened cranberry juice, chilled, 1 25.3 fluid ounces bottle sparkling water, chilled, 2 limes, thinly sliced, 1 bunch fresh mint, for garnish, Optional garnish: 12 cup 2 12 ounces pomegranate seeds, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar], title: Virgin Pomegranate and Cranberry Bellinis, picturelink: 82zg8Iu0WILDGznHlGA84rEaPfdvBLG}, 43893: {instructions: For the pound cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a large bowl, cream the butter and granulated sugar. Blend until the grains of sugar are no longer visible. Beat in the vanilla. Then add the eggs and flour alternately. Grease and flour 2 loaf pans or a 9 by 9inch cake pan. Pour the batter into the pans and bake for 1 hour. Then remove and let cool on a wire rack.nFor the syllabub: In a large bowl, combine the heavy cream and granulated sugar. Whip with a whisk or hand mixer until the cream is whipped and fluffy. Slowly fold in the sherry, brandy, vanilla extract and lemon zest. Place the bowl in the refrigerator to set up.nFor the berries: In a large bowl, combine the berries and wine. Add the granulated sugar and mix. Cover and let sit to bring to room temperature. You can put it in the refrigerator, I just happen to like the berries at room temp. Whatever floats your boat.nTo serve: Preheat a grill, grill pan or broiler. Cut the pound cake into 12inch thick slices. Stir the brown sugar into the warm melted butter. Brush both sides of the pound cake slices with the melted butter and brown sugar.nPlace the slices on the hot grill or under the broiler. If using a grill, get grill marks on both sides. If using a broiler, get some golden brown color on both sides.nCut the pound cake slices on a diagonal or in strips, and arrange in a creative way in the center of a dessert plate. Try and get some height. With a slotted spoon, ladle a good scoop of berries over the pound cake. Add a good dollop of syllabub on top of the berries, and dust with lemon zest and mint., ingredients: [1 cup butter, plus more for the pan, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 6 eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pan, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup sherry, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Zest from half a lemon, 1 cup blueberries, 1 cup raspberries, 1 cup strawberries, 1 12 cups red wine, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup melted butter, Zest from half a lemon, Fresh mint leaves, finely chopped], title: Grilled Pound Cake with Drunken Berries and Syllabub, picturelink: .K9hDpVXL.wpNzgZcVGTWuveIH1L4UK}, 43894: {instructions: Fresh sliced fruit, such as oranges, strawberries, and pineapples for garnishnCover the corn with water in a large kettle. Add the cinnamon and cloves and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat, cover the kettle and simmer 40 to 50 minutes, or until the corn has softened. Strain the liquid into another pot and discard the corn and spices. Dissolve the sugar into the hot liquid. Add the lemon and orange juices and taste for sweetness. Chill thoroughly. When ready to serve the drink, garnish with sliced fruit., ingredients: [1 pound dried purple corn kernels and cobs, 4 quarts cold water, 2 sticks of cinnamon, 6 whole cloves, 2 star anise, Pinch of nutmeg, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 cup fresh orange juice], title: Purple Corn Drink Chicha Morada, picturelink: null}, 43895: {instructions: Cut 2 12inch square sheets of aluminum foil. Place 2 fillets side by side on each square and fold up the outer edges. Drizzle 1 tablespoon of lemon juice over each fillet. Season with salt and pepper.nFold and pinch the aluminum foil extra tightly to create a watertight seal around each pair of fillets. Make sure the packet is airtight by pressing down on it gently with your hand. If air escapes easily, rewrap.nPlace foil packets on the top rack of the dishwasher. Run dishwasher for the entire normal cycle. When cycle is complete, take out salmon, discard foil, place 1 fillet on each plate, and spoon a generous serving of dill sauce overtop.nDont have a dishwasher Bake foilwrapped packets in a preheated 400 degree F oven for 12 minutes.nThe Instruction Manual: 1. Seal individualsize fillets in aluminum foil. DO NOT ATTEMPT TO COOK A WHOLE FISH. 2. Place fish packets on the top rack. 3. Add dirty dishes and lemonscented soap. This optional step is not recommended for novices. However, as long as the salmon is tightly sealed in the aluminum foil, it will not absorb any soapy taste or smell. 4. Set the dishwasher to the normal cycle. Modern dishwashers have economy and cool dry settings, which are undesirable because they conserve heat. However, on the other end of the spectrum, the pots and pans setting tends to overcook the fish. 5. Run salmon through the entire washanddry cycle: approximately 50 minutes for most models. I have poached salmon in almost every make and model, and although the temperatures and duration of the cycles vary with each machine, a little more or less washing will not affect it greatly because salmon is extremely forgiving. 6. To heighten the drama for your disbelieving guests, and to prove that you have nothing up your sleeve, let them crowd around the dishwasher when you load the salmon. When the cycle is complete, invite them back to witness the unloading. 7. Troubleshoot. The only time I ever had a problem was on live national TV. Five minutes before going on the air I learned that the heating element in the oncamera dishwasher was broken. After a quick huddle with the producer, I was forced to make the most of the situation by baking the salmon in the gasp oven. To avoid this pedestrian fate, ask yourself the milliondollar question: When your dishwasher last completed its cycle, were the dishes hot As long as the answer is yes, you are ready to poach.nMelt the butter over medium heat in a saute pan. Add the leek, jalapeno, and garlic and saute until the leeks are translucent but not brown, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and add the stock. Simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes. Adjust heat as required to maintain simmer. The liquid should reduce by half. Remove from heat and let cool.nTransfer to a blender or food processor and add the dill, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Puree until smooth. Reserve and reheat just before serving. Stir in the sour cream at the last minute., ingredients: [Dishwasher Salmon, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Heavyduty aluminum foil, Piquant Dill Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 leeks, white part only, finely chopped, then thoroughly washed, 1 jalapeno chile, seeds and membranes removed, finely diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup vegetable or chicken stock, 1 12 cups lightly packed fresh dill, stems removed before measuring, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sour cream], title: Dishwasher Salmon with a Piquant Dill Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43896: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine first five ingredients. Form into 8 patties. Over medium heat on grill, cook burgers on each side until done no longer pink, about 10 to 15 minutes. Serve with buns and favorite toppings., ingredients: [1 lb. Bob Evans Original Recipe Sausage Roll, 1 lb. ground beef, 2 tbsp. Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 13 tsp. ground pepper, 8 hamburger buns, Lettuce, sliced tomato, sliced onion suggested toppings], title: Backyard Burger, picturelink: gX7wwYztSMEvw1UA39bk9LMJeYjVdC}, 43897: {instructions: In a medium size bowl toss soba noodles with 2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar and 1 tablespoon sesame oil, set aside.nWash and rinse then drain the spinach. Heat a saute pan and add spinach. Toss for about one minute, until leaves are just wilted. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange on a plate.nHeat another saute pan. Slice the tuna loin into two triangles. Toss in the marasala tikka, covering all sides with a thin layer. Place both pieces of tuna in the hot pan and sear for no more than 30 seconds on each side for rare tuna. Remove from the pan.nSlice the tuna into 14inch slices. Top the plated spinach with noodles and arrange the tuna on topnGarnish: whole chives., ingredients: [1 pound tuna loin, 12 pound soba noodles, cooked, drained, Rice wine vinegar, Sesame oil, 1 tablespoon marasala tikka available in far Eastern grocery stores, Peanut oil, 12 pound fresh spinach], title: Cold Soba Noodle Tuna Loin, picturelink: null}, 43898: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine 2 shallow roasting pans with aluminum foil. Coat with nonstick vegetable oil cooking spray.nMix together cornflake crumbs, Parmesan, salt and cayenne pepper in large bowl. Lightly beat eggs in shallow glass dish. Dip each chicken drumstick in egg roll in cornflake crumbs to coat. Place on prepared pans. Lightly coat chicken with nonstick vegetableoil cooking spray.nBake in 350 degrees F oven, without turning, for 1 hour or until internal temperature registers 180 degrees F on instantread thermometer. Serve the chicken hot, warm or chilled., ingredients: [2 cups cornflake crumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 3 eggs, 24 skinless chicken drumsticks about 4 ounces each], title: Crispy OvenBaked Chicken, picturelink: null}, 43899: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet, preferably nonstick. Add the garlic and remove when it is about to turn golden. Add the bread cubes and saute over low heat, stirring frequently until the bread cubes have dried out and are somewhat crisp, about 5 to 7 minutes.. The fresher and softer the bread, the more tender the croutons will be. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 whole peeled clove garlic, 4 slices white bread cut into 34inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Homemade Croutons, picturelink: null}, 43900: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add salt and pasta and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until just al dente. Drain and toss with butter, salt, and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound capellini angel hair pasta, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Capellini, picturelink: null}, 43901: {instructions: With an electric juicer, juice the carrot and ginger. In a saucepan, combine juices and soy sauce. Bring to a boil and simmer 7 to 10 minutes. Whisk canola oil into sauce in a slow stream. Add rice wine., ingredients: [1 12 pounds carrots, 2 tablespoons ginger, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 3 tablepoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon rice wine], title: Carrot Ginger Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43902: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high heat 400 degrees F. To grill the watermelon, first sprinkle with the sugar and salt. Grill quickly, cooking each side for 2 minutes and flipping with a wide spatula. Once the watermelon is cooked, remove from the grill and add to a blender, along with the yogurt, apple juice, ice, honey and vanilla. Puree until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Finally, add the mint and basil leaves, pulse 5 to 6 times and serve. Garnish with watermelon wedges and mint., ingredients: [14 cup honey, 14 teaspoon vanilla bean pulp, 1 seedless watermelon plank 2 inches thick, 10 inches long and 6 inches wide, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 cups lowfat yogurt, 1 cup unsweetened apple juice, 1 cup ice, 12 fresh mint leaves, plus more julienned for garnish, 6 fresh basil leaves, Watermelon wedges, for garnish], title: Grilled Watermelon Basil Mint Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 43903: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the chiles in half lengthwise and remove the seeds. Arrange in 1 layer on the bottom of a buttered 13 by 9inch baking dish. Cover with the cheese. Whisk the eggs with the sour cream in a large bowl until blended. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the eggs over the cheese, smooth the top, and bake in the middle of the oven until golden, about 45 minutes. Serve with salsa, sour cream and guacamole on the side, if desired.nCoarsely mash 1 peeled, pitted ripe avocado, preferably Hass. Add some fresh lime juice, chopped cilantro leaves, chopped cherry tomatoes, 1 small minced garlic clove, 12 serrano chile, or jalapeno, minced, and kosher salt, to taste., ingredients: [1 8ounce can mild green chiles, drained and stemmed, 1 pound Monterey jack cheese, coarsely grated, 12 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups sour cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Salsa, additional sour cream, and guacamole for serving, optional], title: Southwestern Egg Bake, picturelink: 12NcNQ2I1JKhVIkMeOrJ07ol19hY8CW}, 43904: {instructions: Add a few ice cubes to a glass, then the cola and red wine. Garnish with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [12 cup cola, 12 cup red wine, 1 lemon wedge], title: Calimocho, picturelink: L8skda6vcemUCafSOb18QQKkCawD7u}, 43905: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Spray baking sheets with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a large bowl or bucket, combine the rolled oats, wheat germ, walnuts, almonds, sunflower seeds, pecans, cranberries, blueberries, cherries, raisins, coconut, salt, and cinnamon. Place a metal mixing bowl on top of a stockpot with some hot water and select medium heat. Place the butter and honey in a mixing bowl and allow the butter to melt.nRemove the butter from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Combine the wet ingredients with the dry and stir to coat thoroughly. If the mixture appears too wet, add more rolled oats, 12 cup at a time. Spread the mixture out onto the prepared baking sheets.nBake for 30 to 40 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes to cook evenly. Do not allow the granola to burn, turning down the temperature if necessary. Remove from the oven and let the pans sit until the granola is completely cooled. It will become crunchy as is cools down. Break apart any pieces that are stuck together., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 8 cups organic rolled oats, 1 cup wheat germ, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 1 cup sliced almonds, 1 cup sunflower seeds, roasted and salted, 1 cup pecans, chopped, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup dried blueberries, 1 cup dried cherries, 1 cup golden raisins, 1 cup raisins, 1 cup unsweetened coconut, 12 tablespoon sea salt, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups organic butter 3 sticks, or canola oil, 2 12 cups honey, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract], title: Jerseys Fruit and Nuts Granola, picturelink: null}, 43906: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the linguini and cook according to the directions on the box. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking water.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over a mediumhigh flame. Add the garlic and saute for 1 minute. Add the shrimp and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until the shrimp turn pink. Remove the shrimp from the pan and set aside. Add the lemon juice, white wine, and the reserved cup water to the skillet. Let simmer until the liquid is reduced by about half. Salt and saute the asparagus. Cut into 1inch pieces. Return the shrimp to the pan and stir in the parsley. Add the drained linguini to the shrimp mixture, tossing to combine. Add asparagus and tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [34 pound linguini, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 13 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup white wine, 1 bunch asparagus stalks, trimmed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup freshly chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 container cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Linguini with Shrimp, picturelink: 8ZDNF3nbxjEqXDvE2ffteFDNQdXrg.}, 43907: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeavy bottomed skillet over medium high to high heat.nArrange tomatoes on a broiler pan. Drizzle tomatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper. Combine bread crumbs, cheese, red pepper flakes, garlic, arugula and 1 tablespoon oil in food processor and pulse grind to form stuffing. Stuff tomatoes to the rims with arugula mixture and place in the center of the oven. Bake 10 to 12 minutes. Let tomatoes stand 5 minutes before serving.nLet steaks sit 10 minutes once removed from the refrigerator. Coat steaks liberally on both sides with coarse black pepper. To a very hot pan, drizzle oil to thinly coat the cooking surface. It will smoke. Add steaks immediately. Sear and seal the steaks, cooking them 4 minutes on each side. for medium rare doneness. Reduce heat a bit and cook 5 minutes longer for medium to medium well doneness. Remove steaks and let stand 5 minutes. Add brandy to the skillet and warm, then ignite. Add butter to the skillet, then spoon pan juices over steaks. Serve stuffed tomatoes along side steaks., ingredients: [4 vine ripe tomatoes, red or yellow, tops trimmed and seeded, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup bread crumbs or 1 slice, 12inch thick, stale crusty bread, torn, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 cups arugula leaves, the tops of 1 bunch, 4 New York Strip steaks, 1inch thick, 3 tablespoons coarse ground black pepper, Olive oil or cooking spray, to coat skillet, 14 cup good brandy, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Steak Au Poivre and Broiled Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 43908: {instructions: In a sauce pot, heat 1 12 cups of the stock and 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil. Bring to a boil and stir in the rice. Lower the heat and bring to a bubble, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender, about 18 minutes. Fluff with a fork and add the scallions.nMeanwhile, thinly slice the chicken or pork.nTrim the broccolini or broccoli and cut into 2inch pieces or florets. Bring 2 inches of water to a boil in a shallow pot or deep skillet over medium heat. Salt the water and cook the broccolini or florets until tendercrisp, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain.nHeat a large skillet over high heat while the broccolini cooks. Add 12 tablespoon of the oil and when it begins to smoke or ripple, add the chicken and brown it for 5 to 6 minutes, turning once, then transfer it to a plate. Add the remaining 12 tablespoon of oil to the pan, stir in the ginger and garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the tamari, the marmalade, and the remaining 12 cup of chicken stock. Slide the chicken, broccolini, and cashews into the pan and stir to combine with the sauce. Simmer for another 1 to 2 minutes.nScoop the chicken mixture into serving dishes, top with a scoop of rice, and serve., ingredients: [2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons canola, vegetable or other hightemperature cooking oil, 1 cup white rice, 1 small bunch scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, 6 chicken cutlets or chicken thighs or 6 thin pork loin chops, 1 large bundle broccolini or 1 head broccoli, Salt, 1 12 inches fresh gingerroot, peeled and finely chopped or grated, 2 to 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons tamari aged soy sauce, 13 cup orange marmalade, 12 cup roasted unsalted cashews], title: Make Your Own Takeout Cashew Chicken or Pork with Orange Sauce and Scallion Rice, picturelink: null}, 43909: {instructions: In a medium saute pan, heat the butter and water together over medium heat. Add the vegetables to the pan and turn the heat to medium high. Toss the vegetables, by gently moving the pan back and forth over the flame. Cook the vegetables for 3 to 4 minutes, or until heated through. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the vegetables to a serving bowl and serve immediately.nTo blanch and refresh vegetables:nBring a large pot of water to a boil and salt it generously. Fill a large bowl with ice water, and put a colander or strainer in it. Add the vegetable to the boiling water and cook, uncovered, until crisp tender, or the desired degree of doneness. Scoop the vegetable from the water and immediately put them in the ice water, to stop the cooking and set their color. Cool and drain, and use as desired.nWhen blanching a mix of vegetables, dont cook them together since they may not all cook at the same time. Start with the lightest colored or mildest flavored vegetable, and blanch and refresh each vegetable, one after the other, until cooked as desired.nVariations:nCook the vegetables in 1 to 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil or butter, without the water. Do this over high heat and brown and crisp the vegetables slightly.nAdd 1 to 2 teaspoons of minced garlic, minced shallot, a teaspoon of grated peeled fresh ginger to the pan before adding the vegetables.nEnhance the vegetables at the end of cooking with a tablespoon or so of minced fresh herbs, like chopped flatleaf parsley, dill, mint, basil, cilantro, or thyme.nToss vegetables together in a medium bowl., ingredients: [4 cups mixed blanched and refreshed vegetables, such as broccoli florets, cauliflower florets, carrot rounds, green beans, or radish quarters, procedure follows, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons water, Kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Vegetable Medley, picturelink: null}, 43910: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 shot glasses or lowball glassesnIn a large pot set over mediumlow heat, add the coconut milk, condensed milk, evaporated milk, orange juice, pumpkin pie spice, vanilla and egg yolks. Vigorously whisk to incorporate the yolks and continue whisking until warm, homogenous and frothy, 5 to 8 minutes. Dont stop whisking Get a little arm exercise.nRemove from the heat and stir in the rum and orange liqueur. Chill the mixture over an ice bath. Alternatively, pour the coquito into three 1liter bottles or a 1gallon jug and refrigerate until chilled, 2 hours. Serve in shot glasses topped with orange zest and a dash of pumpkin pie spice. You can also serve the coquito in a lowball glass with ice and the same garnish., ingredients: [28 ounces coconut milk, 28 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 20 ounces evaporated milk, 8 ounces orange juice, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, plus more for garnish, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 egg yolks, 12 ounces white rum, 8 ounces orange liqueur, Zest of 1 orange], title: Sunnys Orange Coquito, picturelink: IwkWnDjoMbcEuxwlbR9tOqzoLTY25u}, 43911: {instructions: Mix all marinade ingredients together and pour over lamb. Cover and marinate overnight in the refrigerator.nRemove lamb from marinade. Stud with garlic cloves and rosemary leaves.nSeason with Hawaiian sea salt and freshly ground black pepper. Grill to mediumrare, 130 degrees F internal temperature registers on an instantread thermometer, over kiawe wood coals. Let rest 10 minutes before slicing.nIn a small saucepot add the vinegar and sugar. Cook over medium heat until the sugar dissolves and begins to turn light brown. Add wine and cook down, reducing by half. Add the remaining ingredients and half the mint. Simmer 10 minutes to let flavors marry. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper. Stir in remaining mint just before serving.nSlice the lamb thinly across the grain. On a platter, fan the lamb over grilled vegetables and grilled mango. Top the lamb with some of the sauce. Garnish with crumbled Feta cheese and mint sprigs., ingredients: [4 ounces olive oil, 3 ounces good red wine, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, plus more for inserting in meat, 2 tablespoons chopped lavender leaves, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons pineapple juice, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 orange, peeled in strips with potato peeler, 4 ounces sliced onion, 4 star anise buds, cracked, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 2 pounds boneless leg of lamb, separate the muscles and trim any connective tissue, Garlic cloves, peeled, Hawaiian sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 ounces good dry white wine, 3 ounces mango puree, 1 Hawaiian Thai chili pepper finely minced, 1 tablespoon fresh grated ginger, 2ounces veal stock, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped mint leaves, Fresh ground black pepper, Vegetable, grilled, Mango slices, grilled, Feta cheese, Mint sprigs], title: Grilled Leg of Lamb with Mango and Mint sauce, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 43912: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash and scrub potatoes well. Peel and cut them into samesize pieces so they cook evenly. Put them into a mediumsized pot and add the garlic, bay leaves, salt and pepper, to taste. Cover with the cream and milk and set over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are very tender, about 30 minutes. When cooked, discard the bay leaves and the drain potatoes, reserving the cooking liquid. Mash the potatoes with a potato masher using 1 12 cups of the cooking liquid use more if necessary. Alternately, run the potatoes through a ricer or a food mill over a bowl and ladle in some of the cream mixture so they become creamy. Stir in the horseradish and chopped chives and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 large Yukon gold potatoes, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 cups heavy cream, 2 to 3 cups whole milk, 4 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Horseradish Potato Puree, picturelink: Hi6c1XIT6NZ2w6u0JESx0BlkR8t0JG}, 43913: {instructions: Scramble eggs, and cook gently until just set. Heat your flour tortilla in a frying pan or the microwave for just a few seconds. Fill your burrito with your scramble, beans, rice and any other toppings you like. My favorites are listed above. The possibilities to vary your burrito fillings are endless. This is a great way to get a complete, healthy and balanced meal quickly, all wrapped up in a tortilla and ready to go. It will provide great fuel for your day.nI recommend quicksoaking beans rather than cold soaking overnight, as quicksoaking makes some of the starches more digestible. To quick soak, rinse the beans and place in a large pot. Cover with cold water to about 3 inches above the top of the beans. Bring the pot to a boil, cover and immediately remove from the heat. Let sit for 1 hour, drain, rinse and return the beans to the pot.nCover the beans with fresh cold water to 3 to 4 inches above the level of the beans this will require more water than the previous time, as the beans will have expanded during the quick soak. Add to the pot the carrot, celery, onion, garlic, thyme, parsley, bay leaf and salt. All the vegetables can and should be left whole, as they will be easier to remove later. I add the salt at the beginning of cooking, as I find it adds better flavor to the beans. Many people believe that adding salt too early will make the beans tough, but I have never found this to be the case. Bring the liquid to a boil, and immediately reduce to the barest simmer, just barely bubbling very gently. Cook, uncovered, until the beans are done, roughly 1 to 2 hours. The timing will vary greatly with the size and variety of beans, the size of your pot, your elevation, the weather, etc. Just tastetest along the way until they are fully cooked through but not mushy. Once done, remove the pot from the heat. I generally remove all the aromatics and then store the beans in their own cooking liquid in the fridge in a sealed container. They will last 1 to 2 weeks that way. The liquid is delicious. Yield: makes enough for 6 to 10 burritos, depending on appetite.nIn a medium saucepan heat the oil over medium heat. Add the diced onions, and saute until soft and translucent. Add the chili powder, salt and white pepper, and saute a minute longer. Add the rice, and saute for 3 to 4 minutes to toast the rice just slightly. Add the diced tomatoes, and stir the entire mixture for 3 to 4 minutes longer. Add the stock, turn up the heat and bring the liquid quickly to a boil. As soon as it boils, cover the pot and reduce the heat to the lowest possible setting let steam for about 30 minutes. Check the rice for doneness, adding a bit more liquid if necessary, recover and keep steaming until done. Uncover, and fluff the rice. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary., ingredients: [Eggs from pastureraised chickens quantity depends on how hungry you are, 1 flour tortilla, Aromatic Black Beans, recipe follows, Fragrant MexicanStyle Rice, recipe follows, Garnish options: Sharp Cheddar, pepper or Monterey Jack, Cotija, Oaxaca or other flavorful cheese, shredded or crumbled salsa of any sort I make fresh pico de gallo in the summer green onions, chopped cilantro, chopped sour cream lime wedge, 1 pound organic Pacific Northwest black beans, 1 carrot, peeled, 1 stalk celery, 12 onion, 5 cloves garlic, 1 handful fresh thyme, 13 bunch fresh parsley, stems included, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons sea salt, 2 cups longgrain rice, washed, 3 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil, 12 onion, cut in small dice, 1 teaspoon ancho chili powder or mild Mexican chili powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 1 fresh tomato from the garden or farmers market, diced, or 1 small can diced organic tomatoes, 3 cups chicken or vegetable stock or water], title: Breakfast Burrito, picturelink: FovPIJhDCyIWsc7pbgVFIP4SEq2bC26}, 43914: {instructions: Toss calamari with buttermilk in a nonreactive bowl, cover and let marinated in the refrigerator for 2 hours.nMake topping by heating olive oil over medium heat in a medium skillet. Add peppers, sundried tomatoes, scallions, fresh ginger, and wasabi and saute until peppers are tender and flavors integrate. Remove from heat and set aside.nDrain marinated calamari through a strainer or colander. Heat canola oil in deepfryer to 375 degrees F or as deepfryer manufacturer directs for similar foods. To make tempura, mix flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt and pepper in a bowl. Dredge sliced calamari in the dry mix, then set aside briefly. Add seltzer in a stream to the tempura mix while whisking constantly to make into a batter. Dip calamari into the batter or ladle batter over the calamari, and place into the deepfryer basket, frying for a minute or two until golden brown. Drain on paper towels.nFinish by adjusting seasoning in topping with salt and pepper. Serve topping over fried calamari and squeeze lemon and lime juice over., ingredients: [2 pounds cleaned calamari, sliced crosswise, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 liter canola oil or enough to deepfry calamari, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cornstarch, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 8 ounces cold seltzer, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large red bell pepper cut brunoise julienne then crosswire into 18inch pieces, 1 large yellow bell pepper cut brunoise juliennes then crosswire into 18inch pieces, 12 cup oil packed sundried tomatoes, drained and sliced, 4 to 5 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced on the diagonal, 1ounce fresh ginger about a 1 to 12inch piece peeled and finely diced, 1 tablespoon prepared wasabi, 1 fresh lemon, halved and seeds removed, 1 fresh lime, halved and seeds removed], title: Calamari Bruce, picturelink: CCy.JLQtQ2EMlgKZgH3nYOIJwzWEm}, 43915: {instructions: Put the almonds in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook until lightly golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Remove the almonds to a plate. Increase the heat to high, add the oil to the saucepan and heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the garlic and onions and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Stir in the chicken stock, tomatoes, chipotle puree, the chile powders, cinnamon, allspice and cloves. Bring to a boil and cook for 10 minutes. Next, add the mangoes, raisins, corn tortillas, molasses, honey, maple syrup and almonds. Pour in the warmed chicken stock and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mangoes are soft and the mixture is reduced by half, about 50 minutes. Carefully transfer the mixture to a blender and blend until smooth. Return the mixture to the pan over high heat. Add the chocolate and cook until reduced to a sauce consistency, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pour the mole into a medium, highsided saute pan and bring to a simmer. Crack the eggs one a time into a ramekin and carefully slip into the mole. Sprinkle the tops of the eggs with salt and pepper. Transfer the pan to the oven and cook until the whites are just set and the yolks are still jiggly, about 12 minutes. Spoon some of the Creamy Green Rice into a shallow bowl and make an indention in the center. Put the egg in the center and spoon some of the mole over the egg. Sprinkle with the cheeses and garnish with cilantro leaves.nPlace the heavy cream in a small saucepan over high heat and bring to boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until reduced by half. While the cream is reducing, bring 2 34 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Stir in the rice and season with salt. Bring to a boil again, stir, place a lid on the pan, reduce the heat to medium and cook until all of the liquid is absorbed, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove the rice from the heat and let sit for 5 minutes with the lid on. Remove the lid and fluff with a fork. Return the rice to the stove over medium heat, add the reduced cream and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the cilantro, green onions and poblanos., ingredients: [12 cup slivered raw almonds, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 small Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 1 cup pureed plum tomatoes, Scant 12 cup pureed chipotle in adobo, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon New Mexico chile powder, 12 teaspoon ground chile de arbol, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 cup chopped fresh mango, 14 cup golden raisins, 14 cup crushed blue corn tortilla chips, 3 tablespoons molasses, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, 1 12 cups chicken stock, warmed, 1 ounce semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large eggs, Creamy Green Rice, recipe follows, 14 pound Cotija cheese, grated, 14 pound queso fresco, grated, Fresh cilantro leaves, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 12 cups long grain white rice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, 2 roasted poblano chiles, finely diced], title: Poached Eggs in Mole with Creamy Green Rice, picturelink: aTR3YPs5B40dDHdBLtWr3NOMXCzIo2e}, 43916: {instructions: Crust:nMix all the dry ingredients together and cut in the shortening to resemble course crumbs. Beat the remaining ingredients, except the egg white, together and add to flour. Stir only to incorporate. Wrap in plastic and chill for several hours. Roll out and line pie dish. Bake crust halfway in a preheated 350 degree oven for 20 minutes. Brush with an egg white and bake an additional 5 minutes.nFilling:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nScald the milk and halfandhalf.nMix together the eggs, sugar, salt and vanilla. Add the hot milk. Very carefully pour through a fine strainer and into the pie shell. Grate nutmeg over the top of the filling.nBake for 10 minutes on the bottom rack and then move to the middle rack and reduce the heat to 325 degrees F. Bake for approximately 25 minutes, or until knife inserted in the middle comes out clean or until the middle of the pie is almost set. It will continue to cook after it is taken out of the oven. Cool on a rack., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup cake flour, 1 cup solid shortening recommended: Crisco, 2 tablespoons powdered butter flavoring, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 13 cup ice water, 1 egg white, 3 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon real vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon fresh grated nutmeg], title: Rich and Velvety Custard Pie  2003 1st Place Custard, picturelink: null}, 43917: {instructions: Place chicken stock in a medium saucepan over high heat and reduce to 4 cups. Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the chile powders and cook for 2 minutes. Add the reduced stock and bring to a simmer, whisk in the tamarind paste and brown sugar. Add the pineapple and cook over mediumlow heat until the pineapple is very soft, 30 to 40 minutes. Place the mixture, in batches, in a blender and strain into a clean saucepan. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes until reduced slightly. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat olive oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Season the pork with the ancho powder, salt and coarsely ground black pepper. Sear well on all sides until golden brown. Place pan in the oven and continue cooking for 8 to 10 minutes until the pork is just cooked through. Remove and let rest 10 minutes before slicing on bias. Spoon sauce onto platter, top with pork slices, drizzle with sauce.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the flour, buttermilk, cayenne and salt to taste to make a batter. Soak the onion rings in the batter for 2 hours or longer in the refrigerator. When ready to fry, heat the oil to 375 degrees F, or until a drop of batter sizzles. Dredge the onion rings in seasoned flour and fry, turning, in batches, until tender and golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with salt. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder, 2 tablespoons tamarind paste, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 cup chopped pineapple, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 2 pound pork tenderloin, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups buttermilk, Cayenne, Salt, 3 large Spanish onions, peeled cut into 34inch rings, 4 cups peanut oil, 2 cups seasoned flour salt and pepper], title: Pan Roasted Pork Tenderloin with TamarindPineapple Barbeque Sauce and Buttermilk and Cascabel Chile Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 43918: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the inside of the pie crust with the mustard. Layer the tomatoes in the crust and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Top with the Cheddar. Mix together the mayonnaise and Parmesan and spread on top of the pie.nBake until bubbly, about 20 minutes. Let cool. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [One 9inch pie shell, baked, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 tomatoes, peeled and sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces white Cheddar, grated, 4 ounces yellow Cheddar, grated, 12 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Tomato Pie, picturelink: null}, 43919: {instructions: In a large highsided saute pan with a lid, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo, cooking until it has let off some of its fat and the oil is colored by its spices, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd the fennel and onions and cook until softened and fragrant, about 4 minutes. Next, add the garlic, pimenton and crushed red pepper and cook for 1 additional minute. Add the clam juice and white wine and bring the mixture to a boil. Add the clams into the broth. Cover and cook until the clams open up, 5 to 6 minutes. Discard any clams that dont open up.nAfter the clams have opened, add the parsley, butter, lemon zest and juice. Plate the clams with plenty of the liquid and serve with a piece of crusty bread to sop up all the delicious broth, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound Spanish chorizo sausage, diced, 1 large fennel bulb, diced, 1 large Spanish onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, grated or minced, 1 teaspoon pimenton smoked Spanish paprika, Pinch crushed red pepper, 2 cups clam juice, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed clean, 4 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Loaf crusty bread, for serving], title: Brothy Clams and Chorizo, picturelink: BMrkpcXhA4wMHXvFl7n9boeVaov.bG}, 43920: {instructions: Chop the semolina bread into 12inch cubes to make 16 cups. Stale bread works best for stuffingif yours is fresh, spread out the cubes on baking sheet and dry in a 300 degrees F oven, 15 to 20 minutes.nHeat 1 stick butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, celery, sage, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth bring to a simmer and remove from the heat.nBeat the eggs and parsley in a large bowl stir in the bread cubes, the vegetablebroth mixture, the prepared apples, dried cranberries and apricots.nTransfer the mixture to a buttered 3to4quart baking dish and dot with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Cover with foil and bake at 375 degrees F, 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until golden, about 20 more minutes.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [Semolina bread, 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups chopped onions, leeks or scallions, 2 cups diced celery, 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups lowsodium chicken or turkey broth, 2 large eggs, 14 cup chopped parsley, Apples, cut into small chunks and sauteed in butter, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup dried apricots, chopped if large], title: Semolina BreadApple Stuffing With Dried Cranberries and Apricots, picturelink: fJN6GeD5JOIWd.CVYvZw65BJGYPEvW}, 43921: {instructions: Whisk together vinegar and red pepper flakes whisk in oil. Reserve.nCombine chicken, bell pepper and green onion fold into reserved dressing.nDeep fry rice sticks in hot oil in 2 batches for about 3 seconds turn, then fry another 3 seconds. Drain well.nDice avocado gently fold into chicken salad.nBreak up fried rice sticks on serving plate. Mound salad on top of rice sticks. Garnish with green onion., ingredients: [14 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 2 ripe, Fresh California Avocados, seeded and peeled, 3 oz. rice sticks, 12 cup sliced green onion, 12 cup julienned red bell pepper, 12 cup julienned yellow bell pepper, 12 lb. cooked, shredded chicken, Oil for frying, 1 dash red pepper flakes, Green onion, slivered lengthwise, as needed for garnish], title: Chicken And Avocado Salad, picturelink: Pw1okncLM7G8VKY6A8ypVwaHNMT.MA2}, 43922: {instructions: In a large stockpot, bring the beans to a boil in 8 cups water. Let boil for 15 minutes and skim off any scum that rises to the surface. Drain beans in a colander and rinse. Wash out the pot and return the beans to the pot with 8 cups fresh water. Bring to a simmer, cover and let cook until tender, about 2 hours over low heat.nIn a large saute pan, heat oil over mediumhigh heat until it begins to shimmer. Add onion and garlic and saute until the onion turns translucent. Add chili powder, salt, and pepper, and cook for a few minutes to allow flavors to integrate. Drain beans and add to pan, mashing the ingredients together. Heat through and serve with minced cilantro or minced parsley sprinkled on top., ingredients: [1 pound dried pinto beans, picked over for stones and impurities, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 large red onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade, and minced, 1 tablespoon Mexican chili powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves or minced fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Refried Beans: Frijoles Refritos, picturelink: SVdL0xSGBEfHou9XWIoB.CE9PwUpxe}, 43923: {instructions: Put the water in a large pasta pot and bring it to a boil over medium heat.nAdd the oil and pancetta to a large saute pan over low heat. Cook the pancetta until crisp, being careful not to burn it, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and stir for 5 seconds. Add the wine, cream and black pepper. Cook until the sauce coats the back of a spoon. Drop the fresh linguini into water and stir to separate strands. When pasta is just undercooked remove it from the water and add it to the pan with the sauce. Gently stir for 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat, add 12 the cheese and the egg white and stir, being careful not to break the noodles. Add the egg yolk and lightly toss. Transfer the pasta to a serving bowl or platter and garnish with the remaining cheese. Enjoy., ingredients: [1 gallon salted water, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces pancetta or slab bacon, diced, 1 teaspoon diced garlic, 2 tablespoons white wine, 12 cup cream, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound fresh linguini, 1 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 2 eggs, separated], title: Pasta Carbonara, picturelink: wkHs43a8nnIBscnPKvUeYe1cuM.mzQG}, 43924: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll pastry to fit a 2quart oval baking dish. In a large bowl, combine peaches and blueberries. Mix in flour, sugar, nutmeg, vanilla and butter cubes. Pour into the baking dish and cover with pastry. Using a fork, cut off excess dough and create a decorative edge by pressing tines along edge of pan and pushing down. With a paring knife, cut 3 slices on top of the pastry to vent. Brush on egg wash and dust with sugar. Bake until golden brown on top and edges are bubbling, about 45 to 50 minutes., ingredients: [1 prepared pie crust sheet, 2 1 pound bags frozen peaches, slightly thawed and coarsely chopped, 1 pint fresh blueberries, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold and cut into cubes, 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, Sugar cubes, crushed for dusting], title: Blueberry Peach Cobbler, picturelink: pUCcu9pPrAracEclnvYBHifjCTC96K}, 43925: {}, 43926: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Cut the meatballs in half and place in the oven. Bake until the meatballs are warmed, 3 to 4 minutes. Cut the roll horizontally careful not to cut all the way through. Place the warmed meatballs on one side of the roll. Spread the sauce evenly over the meatballs and the other side of the roll. Spread the mozzarella over the meatballs. Spread the Parmesan over the other side of the roll. Sprinkle the oregano over the entire roll. Place the sub in the oven and bake until the cheeses are melted and the edges of the roll are browned, 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [Three 3ounce meatballs, homemade or store bought, One 12inch sub roll, 3 ounces red sauce, 2 ounces whole milk mozzarella, shredded, 1 ounce grated Parmesan, 14 ounce dried oregano], title: Meatball Parmesan Sub, picturelink: null}, 43927: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring 1 12 cups water to a boil over high heat. Turn off the heat and add the tea bags. Allow the tea to sit for 10 minutes.nPlace the milk in a 2quart saucepan. Sprinkle the gelatin over. Let stand for 3 to 5 minutes to soften the gelatin. Stir over medium heat just until the gelatin dissolves but the milk does not boil, about 5 minutes.nPlace a sieve over the saucepan and strain the tea mixture into the milk mixture, pressing lightly on the tea bags to extract as much liquid as possible. Discard the tea bags. Stir in the cream, sugar, vanilla and salt. Stir until the sugar has dissolved, about 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and cool slightly. Pour into 6 martini glasses or 5ounce ramekins. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until set, at least 6 hours.nGarnish with fresh raspberries and serve., ingredients: [6 hibiscus tea bags, such as The Republic of Tea, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 4 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin, 1 12 cups whipping cream, at room temperature, 12 cup superfine sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup fresh raspberries], title: Hibiscus Panna Cotta, picturelink: Um1fKOYQ59x5OKH16iAOT2a1ledgkW}, 43928: {instructions: Heat the blackberries, sugar and 1 tablespoon water in a small pot over mediumhigh heat. While warming, smash with a potato masher until a thick even consistency is reached, about 8 minutes.nPour the blackberries through a sieve into a bowl, pushing some flesh through with the juices and making sure to catch the seeds. Cool in the refrigerator for at least 10 minutes.nFill a cocktail shaker with 2 tablespoons of the blackberry puree, 2 tablespoons of the mint leaves, 2 ounces of gin, 1 tablespoon lime juice and a handful of ice. Shake vigorously 5 to 6 times until the drink is ice cold. Strain the mixture into a tall glass. Top with 6 ounces of ginger ale and stir lightly. Repeat for the remaining 3 servings. Finish and serve with a scoop of sorbet or ice cream in each., ingredients: [1 pint blackberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh mint leaves, 8 ounces gin, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 24 ounces ginger ale, 1 pint blackberry sorbet or vanilla ice cream], title: Sunnys Blackberry Gin Fizz Float, picturelink: null}, 43929: {instructions: In order to easily peel the cipollini onions, blanch them for 2 minutes in about 2 cups boiling water. Slip off the skins and remove the roots. Heat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat and saute the cipollini onions until they begin to soften and turn translucent. Deglaze the pan with the balsamic vinegar and reduce until the liquid is almost all gone. Set aside briefly.nHeat grill. In a mixing bowl combine egg, Smokey Rotisserie seasoning and onion and stir in beef, mixing well. Add crumbled bleu cheese and mix just enough to uniformly distribute without breaking up the cheese too much. Form into 8 small patties, about 2 ounces each. Grill both sides, transfer to potato rolls which can be very briefly pretoasted cut side down on the grill if you like, and garnish each with 3 cipollini onions., ingredients: [24 cipollini onions, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon Irvine Spices Smokey Rotisserie Seasoning, 1 red onion, finely minced, 1 pound ground Kobe beef, 2 ounces bleu cheese, crumbled, 8 minipotato rolls the dinnerroll size], title: Kobe Bleu Cheese MiniBurgers with Cipollini Onions in Balsamic Reduction, picturelink: m9qk9iwHAztWlHCnNe4k7Yvp8y4S18.}, 43930: {instructions: In a saucepan over low heat, add oil then the onions sweat until translucent. no color Add the butter. When butter is melted, stir in the flour, stir until smooth. Meanwhile, in a separate bowl, heat the milk and wine until it boils. Remove from the heat, stir in the paprika, cheese, season to taste with nutmeg, white pepper, and salt. Mix in your cooked macaroni and serve immediately. Note: If you like to turn this dish into a casserole, preheat the oven to 350 degrees, place the macaroni and cheese into a casserole dish, sprinkle 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese on top, then sprinkle 1 tablespoon dried bread crumbs on top of the cheese. Cook for approximately 4 minutes or until lightly brown., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons minced onions, 4 tablespoons sweet butter, 4 tablespoons flour, 10 ounces milk, 3 ounces white wine, 12 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 6 ounces sharp white cheddar, 3 ounces gruyere cheese, Fresh ground nutmeg, to taste, Salt and fresh ground white pepper to taste, 34 pound cooked macaroni], title: Ultimate Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 43931: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBegin by making the red layer: Put the frozen strawberries, watermelon, lime juice, rum, sugar and ice in the carafe of a blender. Blend until thick and smooth. Stir in 1 to 2 tablespoons water if the consistency is too thick. Transfer to a large measuring cup or small bowl and place in the freezer while you make the next layer.nFor the white layer: Rinse out the blender and add the coconut sorbet, rum, lime juice and ice. Blend until thick and smooth. Transfer to another large measuring cup or small bowl and place in the freezer while you make the final layer.nFor the blue layer: Rinse out the blender and add the passion fruit liqueur, lime juice, blue curacao, rum, sugar and ice cubes. Blend until slushy and there are no chunks of ice left.nPour the red layer into the bottom of six 8ounce glasses, about 13 cup each. Gently spoon 13 cup of the white layer over the red layer so they stay separate. Finish by spooning 13 cup of the blue layer over the second layer in each glass., ingredients: [1 cup frozen strawberries, 1 cup watermelon chunks, frozen, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice about 2 limes, 2 tablespoons white rum, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup ice cubes, 1 cup coconut sorbet, 14 cup rum, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice about 2 limes, 1 cup ice cubes, 13 cup blue passion fruit liqueur, such as Hpnotiq or Alize, 14 cup fresh lime juice about 4 limes, 2 tablespoons blue curacao liqueur, 2 tablespoons white rum, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups ice cubes], title: Fireworks Red, White and Blue Daiquiris, picturelink: q87aL8.cp4zzxixVgXFqK6OBquAqSBG}, 43932: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLiberally coat 12cup nonstick Bundt pan with nonstick cooking spray. Saute the onion, sweet red pepper and apple in margarine. In a large nonstick skillet, over medium heat, heat for 5 minutes. Stir in chutney, curry powder and marjoram. Reduce the heat cover the skillet and cook for 3 minutes or until vegetables are softened.nPlace the turkey in a large bowl add vegetable mixture, bread crumbs, egg substitute and salt mix well with clean hands to blend. Pack the mixture into the prepared pan, smoothing down the top.nBake in preheated 350 degree F oven 50 minutes until browned and firm. Cool 10 minutes in pan. Loosen around edge and central tube. Invert onto serving platter., ingredients: [1 large onion, chopped 1 cup, 1 large sweet red pepper, cored, seeded and chopped, 1 mediumsize apple, peeled, cored and chopped, 1 tablespoon margarine, 14 cup finely chopped chutney, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon dried leaf marjoram, crumbled, 2 pounds ground turkey, 12 cup bread crumbs, 13 cup nocholesterol fatfree liquid egg substitute, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Curried Turkey Bundt Loaf, picturelink: null}, 43933: {instructions: Put the beans in a large bowl and add enough stock to cover by about 1 inch. Cover and refrigerate for 24 hours. Water is not recommended for soaking the beans as it adds nothing to the flavor and does not soften the beans quite as well as stock does.nAdd 1 tablespoon vegetable oil to a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Then add the celery and bell peppers and cook until softened, slightly brown and giving off a pleasant aroma, about 3 minutes. Then add the seasoning meats and chopped garlic and cook until browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Divide in half and reserve.nRemove the beans from the refrigerator they will have expanded nicely and their skins should be bursting by now. Add the beans and soaking liquid to a large stockpot and add additional stock to cover the beans by several inches.nSet the stockpot on the stove, bring it to a slight boil and reduce to a heavy simmer. Stirring vigorously, add the liquid smoke, Worcestershire sauce, granulated garlic, granulated onion, black pepper, brown sugar, if using, bay leaves and half of the seasoning meat mixture. Simmer for 2 12 to 3 hours. To get New Orleans creamstyle beans, which are preferable, you can continue to simmer until the beans break down, about 1 hour more. Season with salt, remove from the heat and let cool in the stockpot to room temperature. Refrigerate overnight. The beans can be eaten after seasoned with salt, but refrigerating them overnight improves the flavor of the dish.nRemove the stockpot from the refrigerator and gently reheat on the stove, stirring in 12 cup stock to loosen up the coagulated bean mixture. When the beans reach a boil, reduce to a heavy simmer, stirring frequently as to not let the beans at the bottom of the pot burn. Taste and adjust seasoning as desired.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the andouille sausage and cook until brown on both sides, about 1 minute per side.nBring 3 cups water to a boil in a small stockpot. Add the rice, bring it back to a boil and cook for 3 minutes. Cover the stockpot, remove from the heat and let steam for 15 minutes. Remove the lid and transfer the rice to a small sheet pan to cool slightly.nReheat the remaining seasoning meat mixture. Divide the seasoning meat mixture, beans and andouille sausage among bowls, top with a scoop of rice, and sprinkle with the green onions and parsley. Serve with hot sauce and mustard., ingredients: [1 pound dried red kidney beans, 8 cups vegetable or chicken stock, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 12 pounds seasoning meats, such as tasso, ham ends, ham bone or pickled pork, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 14 cup liquid smoke, 14 cup Worcestershire Sauce, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon granulated onion, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, optional, 2 to 3 dried bay leaves, Kosher salt, 8 ounces pecan or hickorysmoked andouille sausage, sliced on a bias, 1 12 cups longgrain white rice, 12 cup chopped green onions, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, Louisianastyle hot sauce, for serving, Yellow or Creole mustard, for serving], title: Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: null}, 43934: {instructions: Pickled Red Onions: Place all ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Let sit at room temperature for 1 hour.nCilantroMint Yogurt Sauce: Place ginger, garlic and chile in a food processor and process until smooth. Add the onions, cilantro, mint, lime juice and cumin and process until coarsely chopped. Add the yogurt and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nLamb Kebobs: Preheat grill. Heat olive oil in a medium skillet on the grill or sideburner. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the spices and continue to cook for 2 minutes, let cool for 5 minutes. Place yogurt in a medium bowl and add the onionspice mixture. Add the lamb cubes, cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours.nRemove the lamb from the marinade, and season with salt and pepper to taste. Thread 4 to 5 lamb cubes on each skewer and grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side for medium doneness.nPlace 4 to 5 pieces of lamb in each pita, add some of the red onions and drizzle with the yogurt sauce., ingredients: [1 large onion, finely sliced, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper, CilantroMint Yogurt Sauce:, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh ginger, 1 clove garlic, 1 tablespoon jalapeno chile, seeded and chopped, 4 green onions, coarsely chopped, 14 cup cilantro, 14 cup fresh mint, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Pinch of cumin, 1 cup plain yogurt, Lamb Kebobs:, 1 large onion coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups yogurt, 2 pounds lamb shoulder, cut into 1 inch cubes, Wooden skewers, soaked in water, 8 Pita breads, 1inch of top cut off to open pocket], title: Grilled Lamb Kebob Sandwich with Pickled Red Onions and Cilantro Mint Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43935: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, saute the shallots in 2 tablespoons of the olive oil until lightly caramelized, about 5 to 7 minutes. Raise the heat to high and add the red wine and reduce by half. Add the broth and reduce by half. Check for seasoning, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep warm on low heat.nBrush the flank steak on both sides with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and season with the salt and pepper. Place on the center of grill and sear 5 to 8 minutes per side for rare to medium rare, testing by pressing the meat with a finger: The spongier the meat feels, the rarer it is cooked. Remove from the grill and allow to rest, very loosely tented with aluminum foil, 5 to 10 minutes, to allow the juices to reabsorb into the meat. Slice the flank steak on the diagonal and place on a large platter. Finish the sauce by swirling in the chunks of cold butter, then top the steak with some of the sauce and serve the rest on the side., ingredients: [4 shallots, sliced in thin rings, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup beef broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1 12 pound piece flank steak, 1 tablespoon cold butter, in small chunks, Special Equipment: A grill or grill pan], title: Grilled Flank Steak with Shallot and Red Wine Sauce, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 43936: {instructions: In a medium bowl whisk together the pudding mix, cold milk, reserved fruit medley juice and rum extract. Whisk for 2 minute until the pudding thickens set aside.nMeanwhile, break up macaroons and place in a shallow bowl. Pour berry liqueur over the top and let macaroons soak for 2 to 3 minutes.nIn 4 wine glasses, layer the macaroons, pudding and drained fruit., ingredients: [1 1.4ounce box instant vanilla pudding mix recommended: JellO, 1 12 cups milk, cold, 12 cup of the reserved fruit medley juice, 12 teaspoon rum extract, 16 soft macaroon cookies recommended: Archway, 12 cup berry liqueur, 2 8ounce containers refrigerated tropical fruit medley, juice reserved to add to pudding], title: Riviera Trifle, picturelink: 5RrX.Vx.vyq5ZK.XUp2y080urHfsvKq}, 43937: {instructions: Season both sides of pork chops with salt and pepper.nHeat a heavy saute pan and add 1 tablespoon of butter and the oil. Over medium heat, saute the chops for 5 minutes on each side, or until slightly pink on the inside.nRemove chops to a heated platter and pour off the excess fat. Deglaze the pan with 3 tablespoons of the vinegar and the sherry. Add the veal stock and, over moderate heat, reduce until slightly thickened. Reserve.nSaute the bacon until crisp. Spoon off all but 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat and deglaze the pan with the remaining 4 tablespoons of sherry wine vinegar. Add the cabbage and stir, over high heat, until heated through. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nHeat the sauce and whisk in the Dijon mustard and remaining 1 tablespoon butter.nDivide the cabbage on heated plates. Place a pork chop on each bed of cabbage and nappe each chop with the sauce. Garnish with chopped tomatoes and sprinkle with chives., ingredients: [2 centercut pork chops, 1inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon mildflavored oil, such as almond or safflower, 7 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons sherry, 1 cup brown veal stock, 4 slices bacon, cut into 14 inch slices, 6 ounces cabbage, cut into julienne, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons peeled, seeded and chopped tomatoes, 1 teaspoon minced chives], title: Pork Chops with Cabbage and Sherry Vinegar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43938: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Pastry bag fitted with a small star piping tipnFor the frosting: In a medium bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the mascarpone and vanilla until smooth. Gradually beat in the powdered sugar until the mixture is thick and smooth. Using a spatula, transfer the frosting to a piping bag fitted with a small star piping tip.nFor the Santas: Using a paring knife, cut off the leafend of each strawberry to make a flat surface. Cut a 12 to 34inch piece from the pointed end of each strawberry and reserve as the hats.nPlace the strawberries, wideside down, on a work surface. Pipe a 34inchhigh swirl of frosting on each strawberry. Place the hats on top and pipe a small ball of frosting on top of the hats. Press two chocolate chips, pointedsides inward, into the swirl of frosting to make eyes., ingredients: [14 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup powdered sugar, 12 large strawberries, 24 mini chocolate chips], title: Strawberry Santas, picturelink: z9I9CfelB37Gw2b0Nr3QMGv.Y6259Wq}, 43939: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nLay pizza crust on a foilcovered pizza pan or cookie sheet. Spread sauce evenly over pizza crust. Sprinkle mozzarella cheese over crust, leaving a 1inch border around the edge. Arrange prosciutto on top of cheese. Sprinkle goat cheese over prosciutto. Bake until prosciutto is crisp and cheese is melted, about 12 minutes. Sprinkle basil over pizza. Cut pizza into 6 slices and serve., ingredients: [1 10ounce fully baked, thick pizza crust, 12 cup marinara sauce, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 1 3ounce package thinly sliced prosciutto deli section, 1 ounce soft fresh goat cheese, coarsely crumbled, 2 tablespoons fresh basil, chopped], title: Prosciutto and Goat Cheese Pizza, picturelink: NVdPjck2YboMbUKv3b.p.832lWURbG}, 43940: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, cook the garlic in the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, about 3 minutes. Be careful not to overbrown the garlic or it will taste bitter. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the garlic chips to a papertowellined plate. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons oil into a small bowl to use as a dip for crusty bread, if desired. Add the onions and red pepper flakes to the oil in the pan cook, stirring, until the onions are light brown, about 10 minutes. Season with 1 12 teaspoons Kosher salt.nWhen the onions are almost done, add the greens to the boiling water and cook, uncovered, until just tender, about 2 minutes. Using tongs, remove the greens, shaking off the excess water add them to the skillet with the onions set the pot of water aside. Cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 5 minutes.nReturn the cooking water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove and reserve about 1 cup cooking water drain the pasta and transfer to a serving bowl. Add the cheese and toss. Add the greens and some of the reserved pasta water and toss, adding more water as necessary to keep the pasta from clumping. Top with the garlic chips.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [16 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium onions, halved and sliced, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or more to taste, Kosher salt, 12 cups torn winter greens, such as kale, chard, escarole or mustard greens about 2 12 pounds, 12 ounces spaghetti, 14 cup grated pecorino romano cheese], title: GarlicandGreens Spaghetti, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 43941: {instructions: In measuring cup with a spout, combine the cream, butter, and salt. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, over medium heat, cook the sugar, corn syrup, and water, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved. Increase heat to high and bring the mixture to a full rolling boil. Cook until a dark amber color, about 1 to 2 minutes, without stirring. Remove the pan from the heat and carefully pour the cream mixture into the sugar mixture. Take care, since the sugar will bubble up when the cream is added. Whisk until smooth.nPut the chocolate in a large heatproof bowl. Pour the hot creamsugar mixture over the chocolate. Add the vanilla and whisk until smooth. Serve the hot fudge sauce warm.nStore the sauce in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. Reheat over low heat before serving., ingredients: [34 cup heavy cream, 14 cup unsalted butter, sliced, Pinch of fine salt, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons water, 9 ounces good quality bittersweet, or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Hot Fudge Sauce, picturelink: null}, 43942: {instructions: For the horseradish creme fraiche: Whisk together the creme fraiche, horseradish and mustard in a small bowl. Season with salt, and pepper, cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour to allow flavors to meld.nFor the Johnny cakes: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Whisk together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, salt, and baking powder in a medium bowl.nWhisk the egg yolks and milk together in a medium bowl until combined. Whisk the egg whites in a medium bowl until stiff peaks form.nAdd the eggmilk mixture to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Gently fold in the egg whites, then 2 tablespoons of the melted butter and mix until the batter is just smooth. Let rest for 10 minutes.nHeat a large nonstick saute pan or cast iron pan or griddle over mediumhigh heat. Brush with some of the remaining melted butter. Spoon 2 heaping tablespoons of the batter into the pan for each johnnycake and using a small offset spatula, spread the batter slightly to even out the top. Cook until lightly golden brown on each side, about 1 12 minutes per side. Remove to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven until ready to serve. Top each cake with a small dollop of the creme fraiche and some of the trout. Garnish with parsley leaves and a sprinkling of chopped chives., ingredients: [34 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, 2 teaspoons whole grain mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup, plus 1 tablespoon fine yellow or white cornmeal, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 large eggs, separated, 34 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus 14 cup more for frying, Horseradish creme fraiche, for garnish, recipe follows, 1 smoked trout, flaked with fork, Fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, for garnish, Finely chopped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Johnny Cakes with Horseradish Creme Fraiche and Smoked Trout, picturelink: null}, 43943: {instructions: In a nonreactive saucepan, bring the milk, vanilla bean, crushed coffee beans and cardamom to a simmer over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the egg yolks, sugar and salt until pale yellow and fluffy. With the mixer running at low speed, mix in the cornstarch, then very gradually pour in the hot milk mixture, mixing it in as you go.nStrain the mixture through a fine sieve back into the saucepan, to smooth it and to remove the spices. Whisking constantly, cook over mediumhigh heat until thick and just boiling. When the mixture thickens, the whisk will leave trail marks on the bottom of the pot and the mixture will have a few large bubbles boiling up to the top. Cook just until no starchy taste or feeling remains. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter until melted. Pour into 4 custard cups, ramekins, or mugs and chill, uncovered, at least 2 hours or overnight. Serve chilled, placing a whole coffee bean in the center of each serving., ingredients: [2 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 2 tablespoons darkroast coffee beans, crushed with a heavy skillet, 4 green cardamom pods, crushed, 6 egg yolks, 23 cups sugar, 1 pinch salt, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 whole coffee beans, for garnish], title: CardamomCoffee Custard, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 43944: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line cookie sheets with parchment paper, if desired.nCOMBINE cookie mix, flour, softened butter, egg and vanilla in medium bowl. Mix with spoon until soft dough is formed.nUSE level measuring teaspoon of dough to make 34inch balls. Dip into egg whites, then roll in pecans. Place on prepared cookie sheet. Make a rounded indentation in the center of each cookie.nBAKE 10 minutes. Remake rounded indentation in cookie. Fill with 12 teaspoon preserves. Bake an additional 2 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on cookie sheet 5 minutes. Transfer to wire rack. Cool completely.n To soften butter: Heat unwrapped butter in microwave 10 to 15 seconds., ingredients: [1 17.5 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Sugar Cookie Mix, 2 tbsps. Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 cup butter, softened, 1 large egg, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 2 egg whites, beaten until foamy, 1 12 cups finely chopped pecans, 34 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Pacific Mountain Strawberry Preserves, or any flavor Orchards Finest Preserves], title: FruitFilled Thumbprint Cookies, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 43945: {instructions: COMBINE first 6 ingredients.nFILL pita halves with cheese, lettuce and chicken mixture.nSubstitute:nSubstitute a fresh pear for the apple.nHow to Toast Nuts:nToasting nuts adds crunch and intensifies their flavor. To toast nuts in the oven, spread nuts in single layer in shallow baking pan. Bake at 350 degrees F for 8 to 10 min. or until golden brown, stirring occasionally. To toast nuts on the stovetop, place nuts in ungreased skillet. Cook on medium heat until golden brown, stirring frequently. To toast nuts in the microwave, place up to 1 cup of nuts in a microwaveable shallow dish. Microwave on HIGH until fragrant and crisp, stirring every 30 sec.nServing Suggestion:nEnjoy this delicious sandwich, with its unique blend of flavors, with some cutup crisp fresh vegetables.nSubstitute:nPrepare using a KRAFT 2 Milk Swiss Cheese Slice., ingredients: [2 oz. 13 of 6oz. pkg. OSCAR MAYER Deli Fresh Oven Roasted Chicken Breast Cuts, chopped, 14 cup seedless red grapes, cut in half, 14 cup chopped apples, 2 Tbsp. chopped PLANTERS Walnuts, toasted, 2 Tbsp. MIRACLE WHIP Light Dressing, 1 green onion, sliced, 1 whole grain pita bread, cut in half, 1 KRAFT Deli Fresh Provolone Cheese Slice, cut in half, 1 leaf lettuce piece, torn in half], title: ALittleNutty Chicken Pita, picturelink: null}, 43946: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo prepare the chicken: Season the chicken with salt and pepper. In a saute pan, heat olive oil and sear skin side down until golden in color, about 3 minutes. Turn and saute another 3 minutes. Transfer pan to oven and roast for 15 to 20 minutes or until done. Remove the chicken from the pan and keep warm.nRemove fat from pan. Add fennel, sage sprig, lemon zest, lemon juice, and raisins and deglaze with 1 cup of white wine and 12 cup sweet wine. Over high heat, reduce by half. Add brown chicken stock and cream. Reduce until slightly thickened. Remove sage and finish sauce with butter and grapes.nTo prepare the couscous: In a saucepan, heat olive oil. Add onions and cook for 1 minute, until glossy do not brown. Add pearl couscous and stir until well coated with oil. Season with salt and add 1 cup of chicken stock. Stir occasionally until 23 of the liquid is absorbed. Add the remaining cup of stock, and continue to cook until al dente. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt, stir in butter, and finish with parsley. Set aside and keep warm.nTo serve: Place a few tablespoons of couscous in the center of a plate. Slice each chicken breast diagonally into 2 pieces. Arrange on top of couscous. Nap with sauce and sprinkle with sage leaves. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread the bones and onion slices in a roasting pan and set in the oven. Turn the bones to brown all sides until they are a deep golden brown, about 30 minutes. Do not allow them to burn, since that will give the stock a bitter taste.nTransfer the bones and onion to a stockpot, and place the roasting pan on the stove. Over medium high heat, deglaze the pan with 2 cups of water, scraping up all the bits stuck to the bottom of the pan. Pour into the stockpot and add 3 quarts of water. Bring to a boil, lower heat, and simmer for 3 hours.nStrain into a clean stockpot and boil for 20 to 30 minutes, until the stock is reduced to 2 cups. At this point, the stock is more concentrated and more flavorful. Strain into a clean bowl and cool.nSince brown stock is primarily a base for sauces and only a small amount is used, pour the cooled stock into an icecube tray. When completely solid, release the cubes, enclose in a plastic bag, and return to the freezer. When needed, one or two cubes can be defrosted and used in a recipe.nYield: about 2 cupsnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Pizza, Pasta  More, Random House, 2000 ., ingredients: [4 12ounce chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces olive oil, 14 cup fennel bulb, 14inch dice, 1 sprig sage, 1 lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 cup white wine, 12 cup sweet wine, preferably Passito or Moscato de Pantelleria, 12 cup Zibibbo raisins, if available, 1 cup Brown Chicken Stock, recipe follows, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 ounces butter, 1 cup sweet seedless grapes, halved, 8 crisp fried sage leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup chopped onions, 1 cup pearl couscous, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups chicken stock, hot, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon minced parsley leaves, 5 to 6 pounds chicken bones, including necks and feet, coarsely chopped, 1 medium onion, peeled, trimmed, and thinly sliced], title: Roast Chicken Breast with Zibibbo Raisins and Pearl Couscous, picturelink: null}, 43947: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, lemon juice, lime juice, honey, ancho chile powder, garlic and oregano in a blender and blend for 30 seconds. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Place the marinade in a large shallow baking dish, add the chicken pieces and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a large saute pan until almost smoking. Remove the chicken from the marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Saute the chicken until golden brown on both sides. Place the chicken on a large baking sheet and place in the oven, bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until just cooked through. Remove from the oven and let rest, 5 minutes.nFor the Roasted Pepper and Black Olive Relish: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve at room temperature.nFor the SaffronTomato Rice: Combine water, stock, 2 tablespoons salt and saffron in a medium saucepan over high heat and simmer until the threads open, about 5 minutes. Melt butter and oil in a medium saucepan over medium high heat, add onion and saute until soft. Add the rice and stir to coat with the oil and butter. Add the saffron broth, bring to a boil, cover and reduce heat to medium. Cook until the rice is tender about 12 to 15 minutes. Fold in the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 10 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 14 cup fresh oregano leaves, 2 cups pure olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 chickens, 2 12 pounds each, quartered, 2 roasted red bell peppers, peeled, seeded and diced, 2 roasted yellow bell peppers, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 cup pitted and coarsely chopped Nicoise olive, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup coarsely chopped parsley, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups water, 2 cups homemade or low sodium canned chicken stock, Pinch saffron threads, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium Spanish onion, 3 cups converted white rice, 5 tomatoes, seeded and diced, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Garlic and Oregano Marinated Chicken with Roasted Pepper and Black Olive Relish with SaffronTomato Rice, picturelink: null}, 43948: {instructions: Remove the flesh from 1 brown coconut, leaving the thin skin on. Shave the coconut flesh into thin strips using a vegetable peeler. Toss 2 cups of the shaved coconut with 1 to 2 teaspoons confectioners sugar. Spread on a parchmentlined baking sheet and toast in a 300 degrees F oven, stirring occasionally, until golden, 20 to 25 minutes.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Coconut Chips, picturelink: b7NtpyanVXCzFrAGH.4H993xUCIOi}, 43949: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a pot, cover the potatoes with 1 inch of water. Add enough salt to make the water taste salty. Bring to a boil, then simmer until the potatoes have just barely softened, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain completely. Pour the potatoes onto a sheet tray and use another sheet tray to press and flatten them, breaking the skins. Add a good amount of salt potatoes love salt, then the olive oil, Parmesan and pepper and toss to distribute.nBake until crisp, flipping occasionally, 25 to 30 minutes. Top with suggested toppings as desired. Serve hot.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Place a wire rack into a fullsheet pan and spray the rack with cooking spray.nPlace the brown sugar in a pie dish. Gently press both sides of each slice of bacon into the sugar until coated there can be patches of uncoated bacon. Work quickly, as the brown sugar can compromise the moisture of the bacon and impede caramelization.nPlace the coated bacon on the prepared rack. Bake, rotating the sheet pan midway through, until supercrispy and golden, 50 to 60 minutes. Remove from the rack immediately to prohibit sticking and let cool on a nonstick surface, such as parchment., ingredients: [2 pounds marble or fingerling potatoes any baby potato will do, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Pulled pork or chicken, Nacho cheese sauce, warmed, Canned Frenchfried onions, Sliced scallions, Ranch dressing, Pork  Mindys Pig Candy, recipe follows, crumbled, Homemade or storebought coleslaw, Your favorite barbecue and hot sauces, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups light brown sugar, 12 to 14 slices mediumcut applewoodsmoked bacon], title: Parmesan Finger Tot Bar, picturelink: null}, 43950: {instructions: For the syrup: Put the sugar, water, hibiscus flowers, and ginger in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and set aside to steep for 30 minutes. Strain and refrigerate until chilled.nTo make the cocktail: Combine the tequila, 2 cups of the hibiscus syrup, lime juice, and orange liqueur in a large pitcher. The vampiro can be made up to this point a day ahead and refrigerated.nTo serve, fill a cocktail shaker half way with ice, add the some of the vampiro and shake until chilled. Strain and serve straightup in a cocktail glass garnished with lime slices. Alternatively, serve over ice in a rocks glass., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 14 cup dried hibiscus flowers see cooks note, 2 inch piece fresh ginger, unpeeled and sliced, 4 cups white tequila, 2 cups freshly squeezed lime juice, strained, 1 cup orange liqueur, such as Triple Sec, Cubed ice, as needed, Thinly sliced lime, for garnish], title: Vampiro, picturelink: null}, 43951: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle the halibut with salt and pepper. Lay 2 slices of prosciutto on a flat surface, slightly overlapping each other. Place a halibut fillet at the end of the slices and roll up like a mini burrito. Repeat with the remaining prosciutto and halibut.nHeat the oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sear the halibut just until the prosciutto gets browned, about 1 minute per side. If your pan is hot enough, this will happen quickly. This is just for color and crisping the prosciutto the fish will cook later in the oven Transfer the fish to a plate.nQuickly stir the garlic, lemon zest and chile flakes into the skillet. Add the Brussels sprouts and kale and saute until tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in the couscous, hot stock and currants. Place the fish on top of the mixture and transfer to the oven. Bake for 8 minutes. Remove the fish from the skillet, fluff the couscous with a fork and serve., ingredients: [Four 4 to 6ounce halibut fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices prosciutto, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Zest of 1 lemon, Pinch chile flakes, 2 cups shredded Brussels sprouts, 1 cup shredded kale, 1 cup whole wheat couscous, 1 cup hot chicken stock or water, 14 cup dried currants or chopped dried cranberries], title: ProsciuttoWrapped Halibut with Brussels Sprouts and Kale Couscous, picturelink: rZHFAbuLDZLEuq6N3BEkLsH5C4itte}, 43952: {instructions: Wash and dry chicken pieces properly. Put the chicken pieces in a medium sized saucepan. Add salt to taste, green chilies, peppercorns, and water and place on stove on high heat. Once the water starts to boil, reduce heat to low and cook chicken until tender and the liquid has evaporated. If the chicken sticks and is not cooked add a little more water.nWhile the above is being done, in a separate karahi, which is an Indian Pakistani Wok, or you can use a Chinese wok also add the olive oil, tomatoes, some salt and red chili powder around one teaspoon for medium hot or two teaspoons for hot. Cook on medium heat until the tomatoes are tender and reduced to a sauce like consistency. Add the cooked chicken pieces to the sauce. Reduce heat to very low so that the sauce absorbs and coats the chicken pieces. Add the julienned ginger and green chilies to the chicken. Simmer for around five minutes.nBefore serving sprinkle on chopped cilantro and serve in the Karahi, with hot pita bread or any available Indian bread from the market.nThe dish is best eaten fresh off the stove with Dal as an accompaniment., ingredients: [2 pounds of boneless chicken cut into medium size cubes can use chicken with bones, but cut into very small pieces, about 3 inches in length, Salt to taste, 4 green chilies, coarsely chopped any kind, preferably the thin long ones, 10 whole black peppercorns, 14 cup water, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil or any vegetable oil, 2 pounds of fresh red tomatoes, coarsely chopped, Red chili powder to taste, 2inch piece of fresh ginger julienned, Chopped cilantro for garnish], title: Chicken Karahi, picturelink: null}, 43953: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine ingredients in a small nonreactive bowl and mix until smooth. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, as desired. Can be made up to 1 day ahead, covered and refrigerated.nServe with cooked and chilled shrimp., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh chives, 3 tablespoons horseradish cream, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice.], title: Herbed Horseradish Shrimp Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: VXAigTBjZ1GJJliczGQLaOtMvaJs2}, 43954: {instructions: Fondue is quite a retro concept but its easy to make and the sort of thing that you should start cooking once your guests have arrived. That way, it will be runny and gooey and perfect when everyone is ready to eat and theyll all be interested and excited by whats going on in the pan.nHeat a lug of oil in a frying pan on a medium heat. Put a large saucepan with an inch or two of hot water on a low heat. Put a large heatproof bowl over the saucepan so you have a bainmarie.nAdd the chopped shallots to the frying pan and cook them gently for around 5 to 10 minutes with a pinch of salt and pepper and the herbs. Once theyve softened, but not coloured, add them to the bowl with the cider and all of the cheese.nLeave the cheese to slowly melt down, only stirring now and then to help it along. Once it has mostly melted, stir in the creme fraiche, then a swig or 2 of hot water to loosen the mixture a little. Have a taste to check the seasoning, and get all of your dipping ingredients and skewers at the ready., ingredients: [Olive oil, 2 shallots, peeled and finely chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Couple sprigs fresh thyme or marjoram, leaves picked, 1 12 to 2 ounces 50 ml cider, 14 ounces 400 g Cheddar cheese, 14 ounces 400 g Gruyere cheese, 5 12 ounces 150 g blue cheese, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche], title: Easy Cheese Fondue, picturelink: null}, 43955: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill pan over medium high heat or preheat outdoor grill.nCombine the juice and zest of 2 lemons, oregano, parsley, 2 cloves garlic, olive oil and add fish, turn to coat and season with salt and pepper.nWrap tortillas in foil and place in warm oven or directly on grill to soften and warm through.nShred romaine lettuce and combine with sliced onions.nSlice hot peppers and reserve.nCombine red peppers and yogurt in food processor. Add cumin, 1 clove garlic, zest and juice of remaining1 lemon, cucumber and process until smooth, transfer to a bowl.nGrill fish 6 to 7 minutes until firm and cooked through then cut into cubes.nServe fish to wrap in soft tortillas with lettuce, onions, hot peppers and sauce., ingredients: [3 lemons, zested and juiced, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves finely chopped, A handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, grated or minced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds halibut or mahi mahi, Salt and pepper, 12 5 to 6inch flour tortillas, 1 heart romaine, chopped, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 8 pepperoncini peppers, 2 roasted red peppers, patted dry, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 cucumber, peeled and grated], title: Mediterranean Fish Tacos, picturelink: nV5XbGP.nt0tkW9vf66l8SfdU8g89i}, 43956: {instructions: In a large saucepan heat the chicken stock to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until ready to use. In a large heavy pot heat 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons olive oil over moderate heat. Small children can help by taking paper off butter, cutting 2 tablespoons with butter knife, and dropping it into the pot. Small children should be highly supervised over each step that involves any type of gadget or working near a heat source. Add half of the onions to the pot and cook until clear, about 5 to 8 minutes. If you have older children, they can begin wiping off the shiitake caps with a damp cloth, removing the stems, cutting off the end, slicing the stems lengthwise and then slicing the caps.nAdd the rice to the onions and stir to coat. Small children can do this well once they practice and learn a controlled stirring motion. Slow and steady can be repeated until they get the hang of it.nAdd 13 cup white wine and stir until completely absorbed. Constant stirring will be required from here on out to make a good risotto. Have the children equipped with a long handled ladle and a deep oven mitt carefully dip the ladle into the broth and pour it into the rice. Stir continuously until the stock is absorbed. Repeat over and over using as much stock as necessary until the rice is cooked through but not mushy. The risotto should be creamy, slightly soupy but not watery.nMeanwhile, in a medium skillet heat 2 tablespoons butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil until melted. Add the other half of the chopped onion and stir to coat. Have the children cut the red pepper with table knives into strips and then crosswise into small even squares. Add the diced pepper to the onion and stir to combine. Add the tomatoes and stir to combine. Add the shiitakes and cook until any liquid evaporates. Add the fresh seafood and cook until just done.nStir the sauteed seafood and vegetables into the pot of risotto. Grated Parmesan can be stirred into the risotto or served on top at the table. Cover until ready for service., ingredients: [10 cups chicken stock, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 2 cups arborio rice, 13 cup white wine, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into one large piece, 3 ripe plum tomatoes, 13 pound shiitakes, 1 pound large shrimp, shelled, 12 pound scallops or clams in the shell, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Seafood Risotto, picturelink: null}, 43957: {instructions: For the salad: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 10 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain.nArrange the watercress, blue cheese, eggs, avocados, tomatoes, lettuce and bacon in rows on a platter. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl, using a fork, mix the egg yolks into the mustard to make a paste. Whisk in the maple syrup, vinegar and Worcestershire sauce. While whisking, slowly drizzle in the oil to form a thick dressing. Add 1 tablespoon 15 ml water to loosen it up if necessary. Whisk in the chives. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, drizzle the dressing over the salad., ingredients: [8 slices thickcut bacon, cubed, 2 cups500ml watercress, 12 cup125ml crumbled blue cheese, 6 hardboiled eggs, peeled and sliced, 2 avocados, pitted, peeled and cubed, 2 tomatoes, cubed, 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut into wedges, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 hardboiled egg yolks, 1 tablespoon15ml Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon15ml pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon15ml red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon15ml Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup125ml olive oil, 2 tablespoons30ml finely chopped fresh chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cobb Salad, picturelink: null}, 43958: {instructions: Combine all the seasonings in a small bowl and rub evenly over roast. Place meat in a 6quart slow cooker. Add water. Cover and cook on LOW for 68 hours or HIGH for 45 hours or until pork is very tender.nRemove pork to a large cutting board or platter and let rest for 1015 minutes. Pull, slice or chop to serve. Serve in buns with barbecue sauce., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 5pound boneless pork butt shoulder, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup water, soft sandwich buns], title: Perfect Pulled Pork, picturelink: nDq04quJC7jmCqi6UqWcjU3qP5j48d.}, 43959: {instructions: Mix the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl set aside. Mix the chocolatehazelnut spread and cream cheese in another small bowl until smooth set aside.nToast the waffles until browned and crisp in a toaster or toaster oven. Drizzle the melted butter over both sides of each waffle, and dust both sides with the cinnamon sugar. Spread both halves evenly with the chocolatecream cheese mixture. Arrange the strawberries and bananas on 1 of the waffles, then top with the remaining waffle., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons chocolatehazelnut spread, 2 tablespoons whipped cream cheese, 2 frozen buttermilk or Belgian waffles, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 large strawberries, chopped, 12 small banana, peeled and cut into about 6 lengthwise wedges], title: Hangover Berry, Banana, ChocolateHazelnut Waffle Sandwich, picturelink: be.GUosrupzyzAJVWOerX8fxkUGBD5i}, 43960: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPut half the milk into a saucepan over low heat. Whisk in the cornmeal and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, stir, and cook the cornmeal for 15 minutes over a very low flame. Stir frequently to keep smooth.nCombine the syrup, molasses, rum and spices in a small bowl to ensure even distribution of flavorings throughout the pudding.nStir the butter into the cornmeal, add the remaining ingredients, trying to combine as uniformly as possible. Pour the pudding into a buttered 3 quart baking dish, pour the remainder of the cold milk on top of the pudding and bake for 1 12 hours. Allow to cool and it will set up and tighten., ingredients: [6 cups whole milk, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup maple syrup, 12 cup molasses, 14 cup dark Meyers rum, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 8 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Indian Pudding, picturelink: null}, 43961: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large skillet set over mediumhigh heat, brown the sausage, breaking it up with the back of a spoon, crumbling as it cooks. Once browned, add the leeks, apple and pear and saute until fragrant and softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in 1 tablespoon of the parsley, sage, thyme, salt and pepper and continue cooking for an additional minute. Add the chicken broth and scrape up any brown bits that have formed on the bottom of the pan. Remove from the heat and cool slightly.nIn a large mixing bowl, add the stuffing and cooked sausage mixture. Toss to combine and then add the golden raisins and eggs. Mix until all the ingredients are evenly distributed. Transfer to a baking dish.nBake until golden brown on top, 30 to 35 minutes. Once cooked, remove from the oven, let cool 5 to 10 minutes and garnish with the remaining 1 tablespoon parsley., ingredients: [1 pound sweet Italian fennel sausage, removed from casing, 3 small leeks, thinly sliced white and light green parts, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and diced into 14inch cubes, 1 Bosc pear, cored and diced into 14inch cubes, 2 tablespoons fresh Italian parsley leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh sage leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, One 12ounce bag cubed countrystyle stuffing, such as Pepperidge Farm, 12 cup golden raisins, 4 large eggs, beaten], title: Baked Apple Pear Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 43962: {instructions: Warm the milk and 2 tablespoons of the butter in a small pot over mediumlow heat until the milk is warm and the butter is melted. You do not want to bring the milk to boil or it will be too hot and kill the yeast. Remove from the heat and sprinkle the yeast over the mixture. Stir once or twice and set aside until it becomes foamy, about 5 minutes. Put the raisins in a small bowl and add 2 tablespoons water. Heat in the microwave on high until the raisins plump, about 45 seconds. Whisk both flours with the salt in a small bowl and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the eggs and granulated sugar on mediumhigh speed until the sugar is dissolved and the eggs have lightened in color, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the speed of the mixer to low and slowly pour in the yeast mixture. Beat until smooth, and then add the flour mixture. Beat until just blended, and then switch to a dough hook and continue to mix the dough until it is soft, just a bit sticky and forms a loose ball shape, about 5 minutes. At this point touch the dough it should only leave a small bit of sticky dough on your finger. If more than a bit sticks to your finger, add more allpurpose flour, a tablespoon at a time, until it reaches the right level of stickiness. Do not add more than 14 cup of flour or your dough will be dry and tough. Beat in the soaked raisins and any of the liquid in the dish until blended into the dough. Coat a large bowl with nonstick cooking spray, add the dough and turn to coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set in a warm place to rise until doubled in size, about 2 hours. Turn the dough out onto a clean work surface lightly dusted with allpurpose flour. Pat into a 15by10inch rectangle. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter and brush over the dough. Top with the apple butter, cinnamon and brown sugar. Fold in half from top to bottom to get a 16by6inch piece of dough, and then cut into 24 strips. Twist and stretch, and then place on a lightly greased baking sheet, leaving 2 inches between each strip. Loosely cover with a piece of plastic wrap until the strips have doubled in size, about 1 hour longer. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter and brush over the twists. Bake until lightly browned, about 15 minutes. Whisk the confectioners sugar with 1 to 2 teaspoons very hot water until a smooth thick glaze, and brush over the warm twists. Serve warm.nFrom Food Network Kitchen: This recipe has been updated and may differ from what was originally published or broadcasted.nMakes 24 pieces analysis per piece Calories: 137 Total Fat: 3 grams Saturated Fat: 1.5 grams Protein: 3 grams Total carbohydrates: 25 grams Sugar: 9 grams Fiber: 0 grams Cholesterol: 21 milligrams Sodium: 93 milligrams, ingredients: [1 cup 1percent milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the baking sheet, Two .25ounce envelopes active dry yeast, 12 cup raisins, 2 14 cups white whole wheat flour, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra as needed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 12 cup granulated sugar, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 tablespoons apple butter, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup confectioners sugar], title: Healthy Cinnamon Breadsticks, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}, 43963: {instructions: Fill a shaker with ice and add the vodka, vermouth and essence add more or less essence based on how dirty you like your martini. Shake vigorously until the shaker feels cold, about 20 seconds. Strain into a chilled martini glass and garnish with a lemon peel. Add a lobster claw, if using, ingredients: [Ice, for shaking, 2 ounces citron vodka, 1 ounce dry vermouth, 12 to 1 ounce lobster essence, Lemon peel, for garnish, Lobster claw, for garnish, optional], title: Lobstatini, picturelink: null}, 43964: {instructions: Boil sweet potatoes until tender and drain. Add molasses, honey, vanilla, brown sugar, nutmeg, and cinnamon. Mash by hand then beat until smooth with an electric beater.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Pour the cream into a saucepan and add the vanilla bean seeds, and the pods. Over medium low heat slowly bring to a boil, then remove from heat, cover pan and set aside for at least 15 minutes to allow the flavors to infuse. In a large bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and gradually add 12 cup of the sugar whipping until you see a change in color. After 15 minutes remove the vanilla pods from the cream mixture. Then slowly incorporate the cream mixture into the egg yolk mixture a little at a time, whisking constantly as you go.nLightly grease 6 to 8 4 or 6ounce ramekins. Add even amounts of the sweet potato mixture to the ramekins. Then fill the ramekins each 34 full with the custard mixture.nPlace the filled ramekins in a roasting pan and prepare a bain marie by adding hot water to the pan so that the water level is halfway up the side of the ramekins. Be careful to avoid splashing any water into the ramekins. Bake in the oven for 40 to 45 minutes, allow to cool and then refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving. You can do this way in advance if you wish. Just before serving remove from the refrigerator and allow to warm up a little. Then divide the remaining 12 cup of sugar among the ramekins sprinkling some on the surface of each cup. Using a blow torch, melt the sugar to form a crispy sugar crust on the top of each. This custard could be served with fruits of the season., ingredients: [2 sweet potatoes or 1 yam, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 quart heavy cream, 2 vanilla beans, split and seeds scraped, 1 cup sugar 12 cup and 12 cup measured separately, 6 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Sweet Potato Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 43965: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl add the cake mix, eggs, oil, water or rum until you have a smooth batter. Pour the batter into a greased 9 by 13inch cake pan.nHeat a grill to 300 degrees F.nPut the cake pan on the grill, cover with the grill lid, and bake until done, approximately 30 minutes.nWhen done put the pan on cooling rack, upside down, until the cake drops from the pan. Turn the cake over and put it back into the pan. Poke holes into cake with the handle of wooden spoon, and pour the condensed milk into the holes. Spread the cake with an even layer of raspberry preserves, then spread with butterscotch topping. Whip the cream in a medium bowl until stiff peaks form and spread it over the toppings.nCut the cake into 3inch pieces and serve on individual serving plates. Sift cocoa powder over the cakes and garnish each with 2 fresh raspberries and 2 mint leaves. Serve., ingredients: [18.4 ounce package triple chocolate fudge cake mix, 3 eggs, 12 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup water or 12 cup raspberry rum, 14 ounces condensed milk, 18 ounces raspberry preserves, 17 ounces butterscotch topping, 1 pint whipping cream, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 1 package fresh raspberries, Fresh mint leaves], title: Chocolate Penalty Cake, picturelink: null}, 43966: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Line a baking sheet with foil and evenly space the chicken cutlets in the center. Brush the chicken with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Broil, rotating the baking sheet as needed so the chicken cooks evenly, until lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the chicken and continue to broil until cooked through, 2 to 3 more minutes.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven and top each piece of chicken with 1 slice ham and 2 slices mozzarella. Broil until the cheese melts, 1 to 2 minutes. Season with salt and drizzle with olive oil.nMeanwhile, cut the baguette crosswise into 4 equal pieces, then split open. Spread the bottom halves with butter and the top halves with mustard. Toss the watercress with the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Sandwich the chicken and watercress between the baguette halves.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 chicken cutlets 14 inch thick 34 to 1 pound total, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 slices Black Forest ham, 8 slices smoked mozzarella, 1 baguette, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 tablespoons dijon mustard, 1 bunch watercress or arugula, tough stems removed], title: Chicken Cordon Bleu Sandwiches, picturelink: cWwIoy37ih8MyQNtyeJDekTencuuU6}, 43967: {instructions: Mix together beef, crumbs, egg, onion, salt, pepper and 12 of tomato sauce. Form into loaf and put into shallow pan. Combine rest of the tomato sauce and all the other ingredients. Pour over loaf. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Baste occasionally., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 1 egg, 1 onion chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, Two 8ounce cans tomato sauce, 12 cup water, 3 tablespoons vinegar, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons mustard, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce], title: Tennessee Meatloaf: a Parton Family Favorite, picturelink: 9iuPwyDRjYZ1XEusdfLYv5iMeH5UDZm}, 43968: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak the noodles in a shallow dish covered in water until pliable, about 10 minutes. Mix the fish sauce and sugar in a small bowl and reserve.nHeat about 1 inch of vegetable oil in a highsided skillet or wok and add the tofu. Fry the tofu until golden brown on all sides. Remove to papertowellined plate to drain.nIn the same pan, add the shallots and saute until translucent, about a minute. Crack in the egg and break up while stirring together. Mix in the reserved fried tofu, fish sauce and sugar mixture and noodles. If the noodles are not coated enough in the sauce, stir in a couple more tablespoons of fish sauce. Add in the green onions and saute for another 30 seconds. Add the bean sprouts and remove from the heat. Top with crushed peanuts, radishes, limes and chili powder., ingredients: [One 14ounce package dried thin rice noodles, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, or more as needed, 1 tablespoon white sugar, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 block firm tofu, pressed and cut into 1inch cubes, 2 shallots, minced, 1 egg, 1 bunch green onions, sliced, 1 bunch bean sprouts, 12 cup crushed peanuts, 1 bunch radishes, cut into slices, 2 limes cut, into wedges, Chili powder], title: Pad Thai, picturelink: DGX8z8e.lQaNxcYJvXMjSMjc6TrOK2}, 43969: {instructions: Special equipment: pimento wood chips, soaked for 90 minutesnFor the brine and pork: Bring 12 cups water, the salt, brown sugar, thyme, allspice, peppercorns, cloves, cinnamon sticks, ginger, bay leaves, garlic and onions to a simmer in a large stockpot and cook until the sugar and salt is dissolved. Let cool completely.nSubmerge the pork in the brine by placing a plate on top, cover with plastic and refrigerate for at least 12 hours and up to 24 hours.nRemove the pork from the brine, rinse well with cold water and pat dry. Place on a rack set over a baking sheet in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Remove from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking.nFor the spice mixture: Combine the coriander, ginger, brown sugar, garlic powder, habanero powder, onion powder, black pepper, thyme, allspice, cinnamon and cloves in a small bowl. Brush the pork rack with the canola oil and rub with the spice mixture.nPrepare the ceramic cooker: Add the hot charcoal to the cooker, and put on the grill rack. When the grill rack is hot, put on the pork fatside down and cook until slightly charred. Now remove the pork and the grill rack, scatter the soaked wood chips over the hot charcoal, put on the ceramic plate and the grill rack and return the pork to the grill rack searedside up. Close the cooker and adjust it to maintain a temperature of 325 degrees F. Cook the pork until a meat thermometer registers 140 degrees F, 75 to 90 minutes. Rest 10 minutes before carving into chops., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 sprigs fresh thyme, 10 allspice berries, 10 black peppercorns, 8 whole cloves, 4 cinnamon sticks, 4 inches fresh ginger, chopped, 2 bay leaves, 1 head garlic, sliced in half, 1 Spanish onion, quartered, One 3pound centercut rack of pork, chine bone removed, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon habanero powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 teaspoon allspice, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, Canola oil, for brushing], title: Grilled Jerk Rack of Pork, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 43970: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nTrim the fins from the fish, rinse and pat dry. Set aside.nRub the bottom of a roasting pan with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Place 12 of the parsley, dill, lemon and onion in the center of the roasting pan. Make sure that this mound of aromatics is high enough to prevent the fish from touching the bottom of the pan. Rub the fish inside and out with 1 tablespoon of the oil. Season the fish inside and out with the salt and pepper and lay on the bed of aromatics. Place the second half of the aromatics on top of the fish and drizzle with the remaining tablespoon of olive oil. Cover the roasting pan tightly with aluminum foil and cook for 30 to 35 minutes or until the fish reaches an internal temperature of 120 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove from the oven and allow to sit for 10 minutes before transferring whole to a platter lined with the additional fresh parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 2 to 3pound or 2 1 to 1 12pounds whole striped bass, gutted and scaled, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 large bunch fresh parsley, plus extra, for serving, 1 large bunch fresh dill, 1 large lemon, thinly sliced, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Whole Striped Bass, picturelink: ygoHZ5xWQUfLlW3Ru.5hOzU1HAfykxC}, 43971: {instructions: In a small saucepan, heat the lemon zest and lime zest with the sake over mediumhigh heat until the sake is evaporated. Set aside to cool.nIn a separate saucepan, mix water, sugar, yuzu juice, lemon juice, lime juice, and corn syrup and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer without stirring until all the sugar has dissolved, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove pot from heat and let syrup cool completely. Add the lemon and lime zest, then pour into a shallow baking dish or plastic container and place in the freezer. The 6 cup capacity shallow plastic containers with a lid that measure 6 inches by 10 inches by 2 inches deep, and which you can get in grocery stores would be ideal for the purpose.nCheck after about 2 hours and stir the mixture. After about 4 hours, the mixture will have begun to set up, and you can score the surface by turning a spoon backwards and using the tip to scrape the frozen syrup into ice curls. Repeat this scraping process periodically, every 2 hours or so, until all of the syrup is scraped into the consistency of water ice. Serve after 8 hours.nArrange the oysters on a bed of ice. Top each oyster with 18 teaspoon of wasabi and 18 teaspoon caviar. Serve with yuzu granitee., ingredients: [1 fresh lemon, zested and juiced, 1 fresh lime, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons sake, 12 cup water, 13 cup sugar, 12 cup yuzu juice, 14 cup light corn syrup, 6 dozen raw oysters on the half shell, 3 tablespoons prepared wasabi, 3 tablespoons tobiko caviar flying fish roe], title: Oysters on the Half Shell with Green Tobiko Caviar and Yuzu Granitee, picturelink: null}, 43972: {instructions: Special equipment: an electric deep fryernRemove the outer skins from the onions. Slice the onions into 14inchthick slices and separate into rings. Combine the buttermilk and 3 tablespoons salt in a large bowl. Put the flour in a second large bowl and the cracker meal in a third large bowl.nWorking in handfulsize batches, dip the onion rings in the buttermilk until all are moistened, then put in the bowl of flour and use your hands to dust with the flour to coat. Carefully shake off excess flour and then quickly dip the rings back in the buttermilk to moisten once again. Put the rings in the bowl of cracker meal and use your hands to dust with the meal to coat. Carefully shake off excess meal from each ring and transfer to a shallow pan or baking sheet. Repeat the process with the remaining rings so all are dipped and coated. Refrigerate the rings for at least 4 hours to set the coating overnight is best.nHeat the oil in an electric deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Gently drop enough of the coated rings into the fryer basket so that it is twothirds full. Lower the basket into the hot oil and cook the rings until lightly golden brown, about 2 12 minutes. Remove the basket and shake off the excess oil, or allow the basket to rest until the basket has stopped dripping. Turn the basket over or use tongs to remove the rings and place them on a large plate or serving tray. Repeat with the remaining onion rings. Salt to taste or allow each person to season individually. Serve with ketchup or ranch dressing for dipping, if desired. Best served warm., ingredients: [10 largejumbo yellow onions, 1 quart buttermilk or whole milk, Salt, 3 cups allpurpose white flour, 3 cups finely ground cracker meal, 1 quart vegetable oil, Ketchup or ranch dressing, for dipping, optional], title: Georges Homemade Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 43973: {instructions: Beat the butter, lemon juice, parsley, mustard, paprika and salt and pepper together. Roll into a sausage in parchment paper and chill. Serve rounds on grilled or poached fish or meats.nOther compound butter ideas...nHorseradish Butter: Mix 3 tablespoons horseradish with 12 cup125 g butter, salt and pepper.nSunDried Tomato and Basil Butter: Mix 6 to 8 sundried tomatoes, drained and chopped finely, and 1 tablespoon chopped basil with 12 cup125 g butter, salt and pepper.nFresh Herb Butter: Mix 1 tablespoon each of chopped dill, parsley, thyme, chives, mint and basil, and the zest of 1 lemon with 12 cup125 g butter, salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 cup110 g unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, optional, Pinch paprika or cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Maitre dHotel Butter, picturelink: null}, 43974: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a Dutch oven over medium heat, fill halfway with canola oil and bring to 375 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, beer, salt and 12 cup water until combined. The consistency should be pourable, but thick enough to coat your onion rings. Add extra beer if needed to thin it out. Dunk each segment of the cut onion into the batter, letting the excess batter drip off. Carefully add the battered onions to the hot oil, frying in batches, being careful not to overcrowd the Dutch oven. Fry until golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Repeat with the remaining onion rings. Drain on a papertowellined plate and set aside. Season immediately with a sprinkle of salt.nDunk each chicken tender in the same batter, letting the excess batter drip off. Carefully fry in batches until golden, about 8 minutes. While the chicken is still hot, toss with the wing sauce combined with the melted butter in a bowl.nOn a slice of bread, place 2 pieces crispy chicken, 3 large onion rings and top with some of the Zesty Blue Cheese Slaw. Top with second slice of bread. Repeat for the remaining sandwiches and eat like an animal.nCombine the blue cheese, mayonnaise, buttermilk, vinegar, honey and mustard in a bowl. Whisk to combine, then mix in the carrots, green cabbage and red cabbage. Adjust the seasoning if necessary and let sit in the fridge for at least 30 minutes., ingredients: [Canola oil, 2 cups instant flour, such as Wondra, 1 cup light beer, plus more as needed, such as Yuengling, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more, 1 sweet Maui onion, peeled, sliced into 12inchthick rings and separated, 1 12 pounds chicken tenders 8 to 9 tenders, 1 cup Buffalo wing sauce, such as Franks Red Hot, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 Vienna loaf, sliced, Zesty Blue Cheese Slaw, recipe follows, 1 cup blue cheese crumbles, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 carrots, peeled and grated, 14 head green cabbage, thinly sliced about 2 12 cups, 14 head red cabbage, thinly sliced about 2 12 cups, Salt and Pepper], title: Buffalo Chicken Skyscraper, picturelink: s2dNw0droPl7ArI8.u58i4CeFYP8cy}, 43975: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 Collins glassesnSuggested garnishes: celery sticks, blue cheese stuffed olives, sliced banana peppers. small cooked shrimp, lime and lemon wedges, pickled green beansnIn a large pitcher, stir the tomato juice, vodka, horseradish, lime juice, Worcestershire and some Sriracha together until combined. Chill until ready to serve.nTo serve, cut a slice in a lime wedge and rub it around half of the rim of 4 Collins glasses. Pour some seafood seasoning on a plate and dip the wet rims into the spice to adhere. Fill the glasses with ice and the chilled Bloody Mary, and garnish as desired., ingredients: [3 cups tomato juice, 1 cup vodka, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 3 ounces fresh lime juice, plus a wedge for rimming glasses, 3 ounces Worcestershire sauce, Sriracha sauce, Seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, for rimming glasses], title: Bloody Mary, picturelink: ju7FGWPgI.biBYh.9vowkVb4gyGo0Xa}, 43976: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl combine the yogurt, grated crystallized ginger, honey and orange zest. Let the yogurt mixture sit for about 5 minutes, the flavors will meld together a bit. Divide the blackberries between 4 dessert bowls, top with a large dollop of the yogurt mixture and then give each dollop a drizzle of honey for a sweet finish., ingredients: [1 pint good quality Greek style plain whole milk yogurt, 4 to 5 pieces crystallized ginger, grated, 14 to 13 cup honey, look for orange blossom, clover or sage, plus some for drizzling, 1 orange zested, 2 pints blackberries], title: Berry Easy Dessert, picturelink: u3zanutrkQpwV9OHsZXOj05kk2u}, 43977: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the bacon on a wire rack fitted over a baking sheet. Bake until nice and crispy, 12 to 15 minutes.nMix the milk, brown sugar, salt, egg yolks and vanilla bean seeds in a baking dish to make the batter.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a large nonstick skillet to medium. Dunk each side of the bread into the batter for a few seconds a side. Fry 2 slices of the battered bread until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Repeat the process, wiping the skillet clean between each fry, until you have perfectly golden brown and delicious French toast. You can hold the French toast in a 200 degree oven on a wire rack set in a baking tray to keep warm if need be.nWhen the French toast is done, schmear each piece with some Mascarpone Cream. Then top with a pile of raspberries and 3 slices bacon. Close, cut in half and serve with maple syrup for dunking.nMix together the mascarpone, malt powder, maple syrup, salt and vanilla bean seeds in a bowl, and then set aside until ready to use., ingredients: [12 slices pepper bacon, 1 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 large egg yolks, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 handcut 12inch slices from a thick and wide Cuban loaf, preferrably hardened overnight, Mascarpone Cream, for filling, recipe follows, 3 half pints raspberries, Maple syrup, for dunking, 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, 3 tablespoons malt powder, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped], title: Razzle Dazzle French Toast, picturelink: Pg3TmYWFdvd2ZtvM9fW81g09ZwGGGXe}, 43978: {instructions: Special equipment: Kitchen twinenStir together the garlic, lemon zest, rosemary, fennel seeds, coriander, red pepper and 14 teaspoon black pepper in a small bowl. Put the ground chicken in a medium bowl along with the breadcrumbs, milk, parsley, 12 teaspoon salt and 1 tablespoon of the spice mixture. Mix together with your hands to combine, being careful to not overmix. Set aside.nLay out the butterflied and deboned chicken, meatside up. Rub the inside of the chicken with 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt and most of the remaining spice mixture reserve about a teaspoon for the skin.nCut 4 pieces of twine, each about 18 inches long, and cut 1 piece about 3 feet long. Put the ground chicken mixture in the middle of the butterflied chicken right where the breastbone was and form into a fat, mini meatloaf, leaving about a 1inch border from the top and bottom edge of the chicken. Bring the sides of the chicken together to form a roll, overlapping the skin. Tie the chicken closed with 3 of the shorter pieces of twine, about 1 inch apart along the midsection, then use the long piece of twine to tie the chicken from top to bottom. Tie the legs together with the remaining piece of twine. Pat the skin dry with a paper towel, and rub with the remaining tablespoon of olive oil, another 1 teaspoon of salt and the remaining spice mixture.nPrepare a grill for medium indirect heat: For gas grills with 3 or more burners, turn all the burners to mediumhigh heat after about 15 minutes turn off one of the middle burners and turn the remaining burners down to medium. For charcoal grills, bank one chimney starterfull of lit and ashedover charcoal briquettes to one side of the grill. Set up a drip pan on the other side to avoid flareups. Be sure to consult the grill manufacturers guide for best results.nPut the chicken, breastside up, on the indirect side of the grill, with the legs facing the hotter side of the grill. Cover and cook until an instantread thermometer reads at least 165 degrees F in the middle of the chicken, 1 hour and 20 minutes to 1 hour and 30 minutes. Remove from the grill and let rest 20 minutes before carving., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, minced, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, chopped, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound ground chicken or pork, 2 tablespoons plain breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley, 1 whole chicken 3 12 to 4 pounds butterflied, with all bones and cartilage removed except in the drumstick and wing drumette, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled Whole PorchettaStyle Chicken, picturelink: 2PRDfMkbnSxA0yOx6kg6wbKm.ZEH6}, 43979: {instructions: Slice the chorizo into 12inch thick rounds. Add canola oil to a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, onion and chorizo and cook for 2 minute. Stir in the raisins, red wine vinegar, brown sugar, and water. Cook until the chorizo is heated through and liquid has reduced slightly, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish and serve., ingredients: [1 pound cured chorizo sausage, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 cup raisins, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 cup water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet and Sour Chorizo, picturelink: null}, 43980: {instructions: Whisk together the mayonnaise, miso, mirin, vinegar and 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup white miso, 2 tablespoons mirin, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar], title: Creamy Miso Dip, picturelink: MnEjL50kzz2HQGunqTvFUjvd3kGANi}, 43981: {instructions: Combine all of ingredients in a large pot and bring to a boil over medium heat. Once the mixture is boiling, turn heat down to low and bring to a gentle simmer. The cider will permeate the house with a warm and inviting holiday scent. Add more apple cider as needed when the cider evaporates.nThis recipe can also be reduced by half and prepared in a fondue pot so that it can be placed in a room other than the kitchen., ingredients: [2 quarts apple cider, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 2inch piece ginger, 1 12ounce bag fresh cranberries or 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 orange, zested], title: Aromatic House Warming Cider, picturelink: null}, 43982: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a saucepan, over medium heat, simmer 4 cups of chicken stock until reduced by half.nIn a large saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over high heat until hot but not smoking.nSeason the filets mignons with salt and pepper and add to the hot pan. Sear on both sides until browned nicely, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side, and transfer to oven for about 3 to 4 minutes for rare, 5 to 6 minutes for medium. Remove from oven and let rest.nDrain excess oil from the pan and return to medium heat add the shallots and saute briefly add the red wine and thyme and simmer for 1 minute. Add the chicken stock and continue simmering to reduce to 1 cup remove from heat and swirl in butter. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn another large saute pan over high heat, heat the remaining olive oil until hot but not smoking. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Saute the shrimp for about 2 minutes on each side and remove from the pan to a plate.nDrain any excess oil from the pan and return to the stove. Deglaze with the white wine and reduce by 12. Slowly add butter, stirring to emulsify finish with the chives. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo serve. On each plate arrange 1 filet and 2 shrimp, spoon about 1 tablespoon of the red wine sauce on the filet and spoon about 1 tablespoon of the white wine sauce over the shrimp. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 4 4ounce filet mignon, Sea salt, preferably gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 large 1020 count shrimp, shell on, deveined, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 cup red wine, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons minced chives], title: His and Hers Surf and Turf, picturelink: tjNNJojY05WNFDZnMmV1o.iZOIwFwi}, 43983: {instructions: Pour the water into a large saucepan and place over high heat. Bring to a boil and add the salt, grits, and parsley. Stir well, lower the heat to medium and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, or until the grits are thick and creamy. Add the butter and blue cheese and stir well to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 cups quickcooking grits, 12 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Parsley Grits, picturelink: null}, 43984: {instructions: In a large, heavy pot over medium heat, add the margarine, onion and ham hock. Saute until onions seem translucent, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients, except the turnip greens, and mix together. Add the turnip greens and cook on medium heat, partially covered until tender, stirring occasionally, about 1 12 to 2 hours. When the greens and turnips are tender its time to eat., ingredients: [5 tablespoons margarine, 1 turnip bulb, chopped, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 1 8 to 12ounce ham hock, chopped, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 pounds turnip greens, washed, stemmed and chopped, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon horseradish, Pinch wasabi powder, 1 tablespoon ham base, 2 cups water], title: Southern Greens, picturelink: null}, 43985: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all spices in a small bowl.nPlace potatoes in a pot of cold water, add 1 tablespoon of salt and cook until potatoes are tender, but still firm, about 10 minutes. Drain, let cool and cut each potato lengthwise into 8 slices.nHeat grill to high.nBrush potatoes with oil and season with the Old Baystyle spice rub and grill until golden brown and cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon ground bay leaves, 2 12 teaspoons celery salt, 1 12 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon ground mace, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 6 Idaho potatoes, scrubbed, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 cup vegetable oil], title: Old Bay Grilled Steak Fries, picturelink: TZnwY6A697l0ySDv6lFRkZW5jQ6N8a}, 43986: {instructions: Fill a shaker with ice. Add the whiskey, wine, grenadine, raspberry liqueur and vanilla extract and shake. Strain the cocktail into a tall glass filled with ice and garnish with a pickled cherry.nBring the wine, vinegar, sugar, salt and 1 cup water to a boil in a saucepan and cook until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and allow to cool slightly. Pour the liquid over the cherries in a bowl or jar and cool let completely before covering. Keep in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 12 ounces Irish whiskey, 1 ounce Malbec red wine or other fullbodied red wine, 12 ounce grenadine or cherry juice, 12 ounce raspberry liqueur, 2 drops vanilla extract, 1 Pickled cherry, pitted, for garnish, storebought or homemade, recipe follows, 3 cups white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch salt, 1 pound pitted cherries, fresh or thawed frozen], title: The Black Rose, picturelink: null}, 43987: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 13 by 9 by 2 inch pan. In a large bowl whisk the eggs, sour cream, melted buttermargarine, vanilla, lemon juice, and sugar until blended. Gently fold in the raisins, sliced apples, and cooked noodles. Pour the mixture into the greased pan, using a rubber spatula to even out the surface. Sprinkle with cinnamon. Bake 1 hour and twenty minutes or until golden brown. Let cool before cutting into squares. Can be served cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [6 eggs, well beaten, 3 12 tablespoons sour cream, 1 stick melted butter or margarine, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup golden raisins, 3 12 large apples, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced, 1 pound medium wide noodles, cooked and strained, Cinnamon], title: Noodle Pudding, picturelink: null}, 43988: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Melt the butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the corn and 12 teaspoon salt and cook until tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the scallions and cook until soft, about 1 minute.nSpread the chili in an 8inchsquare baking dish. Top with half of the cheese followed by half of the corn mixture. Lay the polenta rounds on top, then sprinkle with the remaining corn and cheese.nBake until the casserole is heated through and the top is golden, about 20 minutes. Let stand 5 to 10 minutes before serving.nToss the beef with 1 tablespoon each brown sugar and salt in a large bowl. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the beef in batches until browned on all sides, 4 to 5 minutes do not crowd the pan. Transfer to a 5to6quart slow cooker.nReduce the heat to medium, add the onion to the skillet and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic, chiles, cumin and chili powder and cook 3 minutes. Add 1 12 cups water and the tomatoes and simmer, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom, about 3 minutes. Transfer to the slow cooker, cover and cook on low, 7 hours.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon brown sugar and the hot sauce to the chili. Serve with scallions, cilantro andor sour cream for topping, and chips, if desired. Reserve 3 to 4 cups for another use.., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 ears corn, kernels cut off, Kosher salt, 6 scallions, chopped, 3 to 4 cups leftover SlowCooker Texas Chili, recipe follows, 1 12 cups shredded pepper jack or Monterey jack cheese about 6 ounces, 1 18ounce tube precooked polenta, cut into 12 rounds, 2 12 pounds beef chuck, cut into 2inch cubes, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, Two 4.5ounce cans chopped green chiles, drained, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 34 cup chili powder, 1 14 ounce can diced tomatoes with chiles, 1 to 2 tablespoons green hot sauce, Sliced scallions, fresh cilantro andor sour cream, for topping, Tortilla chips, for serving optional], title: ChiliCorn Casserole, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 43989: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place English muffins on a baking sheet lined with aluminum foil. Top with marinara sauce, bell pepper, olives and basil. Sprinkle with cheese and bake for 12 to 15 minutes until cheese is melted., ingredients: [2 wholewheat English muffins, sliced, 14 cup marinara sauce, 14 cup diced bell pepper, 14 cup sliced black olives, 4 to 5 fresh basil leaves, roughly chopped, 12 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese], title: Vegetable Pizza Snacks, picturelink: null}, 43990: {instructions: Beat 3 egg whites until frothy. Beat in 34 cup superfine sugar and a pinch each of cream of tartar and salt until stiff peaks form. Add 1 teaspoon peppermint extract and swirl in 2 drops red food coloring. Drop by tablespoonfuls and bake about 1 hour at 300 degrees. Turn off the oven and keep meringues inside for 2 hours to dry., ingredients: [], title: CandyCane Meringues, picturelink: Y638aZPM8q97vBnLG1XHAsEspF3E7BW}, 43991: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nGrate the russet potatoes and sweet potatoes on the large holes of a box grater and transfer to a large colander set over a bowl. Grate the onion and add to the colander. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Firmly squeeze the mixture with your hands to extract as much liquid as possible blot dry on paper towels if especially wet. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl. Mix in the chives. Add the flour and egg and stir until thoroughly combined.nUsing 14 cup of the mixture at a time, form tightly packed pancakes about 2 inches wide and transfer to a paper towellined baking sheet.nHeat about 14 inch of vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until shimmering. Fry the pancakes in batches until golden brown and crisp, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a baking sheet in the oven while cooking the remaining pancakes.nServe with applesauce, prepared horseradish andor sour cream.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [12 pound russet potatoes, peeled, 12 pound sweet potatoes, peeled, 1 small onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 13 cup allpurpose flour or matzo meal, 1 large egg, beaten, Vegetable oil or rendered chicken or duck fat, for frying, Applesauce, prepared horseradish andor sour cream, for serving], title: Sweet Potato Latkes, picturelink: UPhvbVv8hhlGd4OcIEWes3KXOOV5eAq}, 43992: {instructions: In a blender or food processor blend the flour, curry powder, salt, broth, eggs, and butter or 5 seconds. Turn off the motor, with a rubber spatula scrape down sides of container, and blend for another 20 seconds. Transfer the batter to a bowl, let stand covered for 1 hour. Make crepes in the same procedure as basic crepe batter., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup chicken broth, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted and cooled], title: Curry Crepe Batter, picturelink: null}, 43993: {instructions: Put the bacon in a small stock pot. Turn the heat to medium and cook, stirring it occasionally, until crisp and browned but not dry, about 7 minutes. While the bacon cooks, halve and thinly slice the red onion.nAdd the onion to the bacon and the drippings. Cook, stirring and scraping the browned bits from the bottom of the pot, until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the beans, their liquid and a half can of water to the pot, along with a generous grind of black pepper, and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce the heat to low, and simmer 15 minutes to bring all the flavors together.nWhile the beans simmer, remove the thick stems from the kale and cut or tear into bitesize pieces. Stir and fold it into the beans. Then cover and cook until the kale is as crisp or tender as you like, 5 to 10 more minutes. Taste, then add more black pepper, if desired. Remove from the heat, and stir in 1 tablespoon of the cider vinegar and serve immediately. Pass around the cider vinegar to drizzle on the finished dish., ingredients: [], title: Kale, BlackEyed Pea and Bacon Stew, picturelink: null}, 43994: {instructions: Preheat oven to 360 degrees F. Put raisins for creme anglaise recipe in brandy to soak. Spray nonstick 8mini Bundt cake pan Wilton mini Bundt 14 34 by 9 78inches with nonstick baking spray.nIn a medium bowl add oatmeal, and butter. Pour boiling water over, stir and allow to stand for 1 minute.nIn a stand mixer bowl beat eggs, sugar and brown sugar on high speed until creamy and light about 2 minutes. Add oatmeal mixture, flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and vanilla and mix on mediumhigh until creamy about 1 to 1 12 minutes. Lower speed to medium and mix in sour cream until blended. Turn off mixer and stir in berries by hand.nNext using a ladle and a soup spoon to get all the batter, scoop batter into pans about 12 to almost 34 the way full making sure to have berries in each this cake rises well so careful not to over fill. Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.nMake creme anglaise while cakes are baking. When done baking turn cakes out onto a large cooling rack that has been sprayed with nonstick spray. If you do not have a rack just turn out on the counter and use a spatula to pick up the cake when ready to plate.nSpray a heavy bottom saucepan with nonstick spray and place over medium heat. Add halfandhalf watch closely and whisk. In a mixing bowl whisk together egg yolks, sugar and vanilla until it has a creamy texture, about 1 minute. Turn the heat up to mediumhigh and whisk the halfandhalf constantly until it just starts to show steam coming off the top. Remove from heat and slowly temper the hot halfandhalf to the egg mixture. Whisk well, return the mixture to the saucepan and place pan back on mediumhigh heat. While whisking constantly add cloves and cinnamon. Continue whisking until the anglaise just begins to boil then whisk even faster for about 30 to 40 seconds. You will know it is done if you place a wooden spoon in and the mixture sticks to it. Total cooking time is only about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and add brandy and drained soaked raisins and whisk well. Watch the pot keeping in mind the pot is still hot from the heat. Give it a little whisk so it does not burn if you have a few minutes before plating. Cooks Note: for some reason if you overcook the anglaise and it begins to look like curdled milk, remove from heat immediately and pour into a heat temperature safe blender and slowly temper in, add more halfandhalf and pulse or whip until it looks creamy. It will happen quickly, less than a minute.nIn a 1 shot, shot glass place raisins and brandy and top float with Ever Clear alcohol for fire. You want to have at least 12inch clear space from the top of the mixture to the rim of the glass. Eating of the raisins is optional.nAssembly:nUsing a standard dessert plate take a squeeze bottle of premade raspberry or blackberry sauce and draw 3 to 4 lines on the plate. Place the hot or warm mini Bundt cake in the middle of a dessert plate. Spoon creme anglasie sauce over cake allowing some to get into the middle and running over the sides. Now carefully place the finished fire glass in the hole in the middle of the cake. Place a sprig of fresh mint, a few fresh berries and disk or spoon on the side for putting out the flame to garnish and repeat process to finish all 8 of the mini cakes. Carry cakes to the table and light the fire glass in front of your guests. This is a very easy and quick recipe sure to impress your guests. Even the novice of cooks will have no problem. The wild berry cake is packed with succulent berries and the spiced anglaise just complements it so well. This is also very good cold., ingredients: [Nonstick baking spray, 1 cup quick oatmeal recommended: Quaker Quick 1 minute oats, 2 12 cups fresh mixed berries you can also use frozen, blackberries, raspberries and blueberries, if using fresh just evenly divide all 3 kinds, frozen comes already mixed, 1 stick butter softened or just cut into thirds, 1 cup boiling water, 2 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup sour cream recommended: Breakstones, 2 12 cup fresh berries you can also use frozen, blackberries, raspberries, and blueberries, if using fresh just evenly divide all 3 kinds, frozen comes already mixed, Spice Brandy Creme Anglaise, recipe follows, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups halfandhalf, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 teaspoons peach brandy or any good brandy recommended: Dekuyper, plus more for soaking raisins, 14 cup raisins, soaked in peach brandy, with the brandy drained off, 2 teaspoons raisins, 2 teaspoons peach brandy or brandy recommended: Dekuyper, 1 teaspoon Ever Clear alcohol, for flames, 1 cup premade raspberry or blackberry sauce or 1 cup raspberry jam melted over a doubleboiler, 12 cup fresh mixed berries, 8 sprigs mint, Disk or spoon to put out flame], title: Flaming Wild Berry Mini Bundts with Spiced Peach Creme Anglaise, picturelink: null}, 43995: {instructions: Cut off wing tips, reserving for another use, and halve wings at joint. Discard crusts from bread and in a food processor finely grind bread. Measure out 1 12 cups bread crumbs. With a mortar and pestle or in an electric coffeespice grinder coarsely grind mustard seeds.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F and oil the rack of a broiler pan.nIn a large bowl whisk together mustard seeds, mustard, oil, vinegar, salt, and cayenne. Add wings and stir to coat. In a shallow dish stir together bread crumbs and Parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Press wings, thickskin sides down, into breadcrumb mixture to coat on both sides and arrange, skinside up, on rack.nRoast wings in middle of oven until cooked through and golden, about 30 minutes. Serve chicken wings warm or at room temperature, with celery sticks, carrot sticks, red bell pepper strips, and pea shoots., ingredients: [3 pounds chicken wings 12 to 14, 3 to 4 slices firm white sandwich bread, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons whitewine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 3 ounces freshly grated Parmesan about 34 cup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Deviled Chicken Wings, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 43996: {instructions: Stir together the tomatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, the salt, basil and garlic. Let sit at room temperature to give the flavors time to meld, about 1 hour.nPreheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh. Lightly dust a clean work surface with flour and roll out half of the pizza dough into a 6inch round or to the maximum size your waffle iron can fit. Brush one side with olive oil and place oiledside down on the waffle iron, then brush the other side with oil. Close the iron dont push down and cook until golden and cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes. Repeat with the remaining dough.nMeanwhile, heat the tomato sauce in a microwave until hot. Spread each pizza with half of the sauce and half of the mozzarella. Place one pizza back on the waffle iron and hold the top of the iron just over the cheese until melted, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove and garnish with basil leaves, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with Parmesan. Repeat with the second pizza.nCut the pizzas into slices with a large knife or pizza cutter and serve.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [13 cup canned pureed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing dough, Large pinch kosher salt, 2 to 3 fresh basil leaves, torn, plus more for garnish, 12 small clove garlic, very thinly sliced, One 8ounce ball fresh pizza dough, halved, room temperature, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 12 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, Parmesan, for sprinkling, Special equipment: waffle iron preferably large], title: Waffled Margherita Pizza, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 43997: {instructions: Saute the peppers, shallots and garlic in a medium saute pan briefly in 2 tablespoons of the butter to soften slightly 1 minute maximum. Season this mixture with salt, cayenne and fresh pepper and remove to a plate to cool off. Blend the butter, the cooled off vegetables, parsley and lemon juice in a bowl. Dab a generous amount of this butter mix on each clam, sprinkle with fresh bread crumbs and top with a small piece of bacon. Run under the broiler to heat the clams and brown the bacon. You could also bake the clams in a 425 degree oven for 5 minutes to obtain the same result., ingredients: [23 cup chopped green bell pepper, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 12 cup chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 cup butter, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon fresh ground pepper and a pinch of cayenne pepper, 12 cup chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 cup bread crumbs, 5 strips of double cut bacon, partially cooked, 24 topneck clams on the half shell, arranged on a bed of rock salt], title: Clams Casino, picturelink: null}, 43998: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with foil, shinyside up smooth out the creases. Make sure all your tools are dry.nChop the chocolate into 12inch pieces with a large knife. Place all but 1 cup of the chopped chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave 30 seconds, then stir with a rubber spatula. Continue microwaving and stirring at 30second intervals until melted, 3 to 5 minutes total. Immediately add the reserved chopped chocolate to the bowl stir vigorously until melted and shiny. Dont worry if there are a few small unmelted pieces.nPour the chocolate onto the prepared baking sheet use the rubber spatula to spread it into a 10to12inch circle, about 14 inch thick.nPress the coconut, macadamia nuts, mangoes and ginger into the chocolate, arranging them so each bite has a mix of flavors and textures. Let the bark harden completely at room temperature, about 1 hour. If the room is warm, you may need to freeze the bark for a few minutes. Break into pieces and store in an airtight container at room temperature for 1 to 2 weeks.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 pound bittersweet chocolate, 12 cup toasted coconut flakes, 12 cup chopped macadamia nuts, 12 cup chopped dried mangoes, 12 cup chopped crystallized ginger], title: CoconutMangoMacadamia Nut Bark, picturelink: Nt.QvyLKreCzJ.1YBmGsFy9GX2bB5S}, 43999: {instructions: Line a large rimmed baking sheet with foil and generously butter it. Working in batches, cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp, 9 to 11 minutes. Drain on paper towels, then break each slice in half.nCombine the sugar, corn syrup and 12 cup water in a medium heavybottomed saucepan. Cook, stirring occasionally, over mediumhigh heat until a candy thermometer registers 260 degrees F, 10 to 12 minutes.nRemove from the heat and add the butter, nuts and 1 teaspoon salt. Stir once, then continue cooking over mediumhigh heat, undisturbed, until the syrup turns golden and the candy thermometer registers 285 degrees F, 5 to 10 more minutes. Carefully stir in the prepared bacon, the vanilla and baking soda. The mixture will foam a bit. Cook, stirring several times, until the foam subsides and the mixture darkens slightly, 1 to 2 more minutes.nPour the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet, then carefully tilt to spread it into a thin layer. Use tongs to redistribute the bacon pieces if necessary. Let cool completely, then break into pieces., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the baking sheet, 16 slices bacon, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup light corn syrup, 1 12 cups mixed cocktail nuts, Kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda], title: This Brittle Piggy, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 44000: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThoroughly rinse the olives in cool water. Place all ingredients in the bowl of a food processor. Process to combine, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl, until the mixture becomes a coarse paste, approximately 1 to 2 minutes total. Transfer to a bowl and serve., ingredients: [12 pound pitted mixed olives, 2 anchovy fillets, rinsed, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 to 3 fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Tapenade, picturelink: qg4vYCVVUJkEZOM6R7FTEnPZ6JCnLbW}, 44001: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. High Altitude 35006500 ft: No change.nUnroll dough into 1 large rectangle brush with butter. Separate dough into triangles sprinkle buttered side of each with chives.nStarting with shortest side of each triangle, roll up dough to opposite point. Place point side down on ungreased cookie sheet, curving each into crescent shape.nBake 10 to 13 minutes or until golden brown.nImmediately remove from cookie sheet serve warm., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz. Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls, 1 tablespoon butter, melted, 14 cup chopped fresh chives], title: Chive Crescents, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 44002: {instructions: Peel and finely grate the potatoes. Put them straight into cold water, then drain and squeeze them as dry as you can by pressing them with your hands in a colander. This is to remove the starchy liquid, which could make the latkes soggy.nBeat the eggs lightly with salt, add to the potatoes, and stir well. Film the bottom of a frying pan with oil and heat. Take servingspoonfuls, or as much as 14 cup, of the mixture, and drop into the hot oil. Flatten a little, and lower the heat so that the fritters cook through evenly. When one side is brown, turn over and brown the other. Lift out and serve very hot., ingredients: [2 pounds potatoes, 2 large eggs, Salt, Oil for frying], title: Potato Latkes, picturelink: null}, 44003: {instructions: Preheat grill to medium heat.nBrush London broil with olive oil and season with steak seasoning. Place on grill. Grill 3 to 5 minutes per side, depending on thickness and preference. When done, let rest 5 minutes then slice on the bias.nIn a small bowl, combine pesto and mayonnaise.nSpread mayonnaise blend on bottom half of each ciabatta. Top with tomato slices and meat. Cover with the top halves and serve., ingredients: [1 2 pound London broil, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon steak seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning, 2 tablespoons pesto, 14 cup mayonnaise, 4 ciabatta rolls, sliced in 12 lengthwise, 3 plum tomatoes, sliced], title: Ciabatta Steak Sandwich, picturelink: 75aQ8q82ldKgbRz8XMHW9d8pDN4C2.}, 44004: {instructions: Rub the sides of a bowl with garlic, then discard. In bowl whisk together mustard, honey and vinegar. While whisking, slowly add olive oil. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, peeled and sliced in half, 1 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Salt, Pepper], title: Honey Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 44005: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Charcoal briquettes Chimney starter and newspaper 4 cups hickory or oak wood chips, soaked in cold water for at least 60 minutesnCombine all spices in a small bowl.nBrush both sides of the racks with oil and liberally rub with the spice mixture. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 12 hours. Remove the ribs from the refrigerator 45 minutes before smoking to allow them to come to room temperature.nStuff several sheets of newspaper in the bottom of a charcoal chimney. Fill the chimney to the top with charcoal briquettes. Remove top rack from the barbecue. Put the chimney on the lower barbecue rack. Light the newspaper and let the charcoal burn until the ash is gray, about 20 minutes.nOpen bottom barbecue vent. Turn out the hot charcoal onto 1 half of bottom rack. Using a metal spatula, spread charcoal to cover approximately 13 of rack and scatter half of the soaked wood chips over the charcoal. Put a loaf pan with water onto the coals.nPut the top rack on the barbecue. Put the ribs, rub side down, on the grill over indirect heat. Coals should be off to 1 side. Slowly cook the ribs until tender, adding more charcoal if needed, about 1 12 hours.nChipotle Honey Glaze:nWhisk all of the ingredients together in a small bowl.nBegin brushing the glaze on the ribs during the last 30 minutes of cooking.nPut the ribs on a baking sheet brush with a little more of the glaze and let stand 10 minutes. Transfer the ribs to a cutting board and cut between the bones to separate the ribs. Arrange the ribs on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [12 cup ancho chili powder, 14 cup Spanish paprika, 14 cup freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup dry mustard, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup ground coriander, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 12 tablespoons chile de arbol, 14 cup canola oil, 2 racks country ribs, 12 ribs each, membrane removed, 1 12 cups clover honey, 3 heaping tablespoons chipotle in adobo puree, Parsley sprigs, for garnish, Clover honey, to taste, Chipotle in adobo, pureed, to taste, Salt and pepper], title: Spice Rubbed Ribs with ChipotleHoney Glaze, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 44006: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpill 2 bags of chips onto a cookie sheet and put in oven to heat them up. When oil is visible on the chips, take them out of the oven, and sprinkle with the garlic spice. Let them cool and serve.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the thinly sliced garlic between some parchment paper on a baking sheet. Bake until the garlic is dry, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool.nIn a grinder add the dried garlic, salt, black peppercorns, mustard powder, and chili powder. Grind them all up., ingredients: [2 bags favorite plain potato chips, Roasted Garlic Spice, recipe follows, 8 cloves garlic, sliced very thin, 2 teaspoons gray salt, 4 black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, Pinch chili powder], title: Flavored House Made Potato Chips, picturelink: EWtAt.AJ57fAY3PmLWUSelxuUmOoYg6}, 44007: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 bricks covered in aluminum foilnRemove the backbone of the chicken. Split the breast plate and press down on the chicken in all joints to flatten it.nIn a small bowl, mix together the rosemary, white pepper, paprika, salt, garlic, oregano, and basil. Rub the mixture under the skin of the chicken and the inside cavity.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat with oil, and place chicken skin side down. Place another large saute pan on top of the chicken, and place 4 bricks inside of the top pan.nCook on mediumhigh heat, for 7 to 10 minutes on both sides, or until the internal temperature of the meat reaches 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nRemove chicken to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes before slicing. Serve with Salsa Verde.nIn a food processor, puree all ingredients but oil and salt until smooth. With machine running, slowly add oil until well combined. Season with salt, to taste., ingredients: [1 4 to 6pound chicken, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried sweet basil, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salsa Verde, recipe follows, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon capers, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 2 tablespoons chopped jarred roasted red bell pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped onion, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt], title: Brick in the Wall Bird with Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 44008: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan heat the water or coffee with the brown sugar over moderate heat, whisking until the sugar is dissolved, add the cocoa powder and the salt, and whisk the mixture until it is smooth. Add the butter and the vanilla and whisk the sauce until the butter is melted. Serve the sauce warm over ice cream., ingredients: [13 cup water or brewed coffee, 12 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup unsweetened Dutch process cocoa powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 teaspoon vanilla], title: Dark Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44009: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with silpats or parchment paper, and set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine almond paste and sugar. Beat until creamy, about 2 minutes. Add orange zest, and beat to combine. Add 1 egg white and almond extract, and mix for 1 minute more. Place sugar in a small shallow bowl. On a lightly sugared surface, roll dough into 2 18inchlong, 34inchwide logs. Cut each log crosswise into 30 12inch wide pieces, and roll into balls. In a small bowl, lightly beat remaining egg white. Coat each ball with egg white, and roll in sugar, tapping to remove excess. Place on prepared baking sheets, about 30 per sheet. Let rest for 30 minutes. Pinch with 3 fingers to form an irregular pyramid shape. Bake until lightly golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer to wire rack, and cool completely on baking sheet. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 pound almond paste, 12 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, plus more for rolling and coating, 1 orange, zested, 2 large egg whites, 18 teaspoon pure almond extract], title: Orange Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 44010: {instructions: In a large glass bowl, place the chopped white chocolate and set aside.nAdd the egg yolks and sugar to a small bowl and whisk until pale in color.nIn a saucepan, over low heat, bring 14 cup of the cream to a simmer, and slowly add the cream into the yolk and sugar mixture to temper. Pour the creamy mixture back into pan and stir with a wooden spoon until it coats the back of it.nPour hot mix into a fine mesh sieve placed directly over bowl with the chopped chocolate. Stir until completely smooth.nIn another bowl, whip remaining 1 cup of the cream to almost stiff peaks. Fold half the whipped cream into the white chocolate mix to lighten and then fold in the remaining whipped cream.nSpoon the white chocolate mousse into 4 serving cups and refrigerate until set, approximately 1 hour.nGarnish each serving with 3 blackberries and a sprig of mint, if using., ingredients: [7 ounces white chocolate, chopped into very small pieces, 2 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup heavy cream, plus 1 cup, 12 fresh blackberries, for garnish, Mint sprigs, for garnish, optional], title: White Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: AVki9ifyI6hMke5y9d1uZk82xZO5dy}, 44011: {instructions: In a small bowl toss the arugula with 1 tablespoon each of the olive oil and red wine vinegar. Season with salt. Divide the arugula between 2 serving plates.nToss the tomatoes with the remaining olive oil, vinegar, oregano, and salt. Arrange the tomatoes on the serving plates.nSpread 1 ounce of goat cheese onto each slice of grilled bread. Serve 2 slices of grilled bread with goat cheese with each plate.nHoly tomato, ingredients: [1 cup baby arugula, washed, 14 cup highquality extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Kosher salt, 5 to 6 assorted heirloom tomatoes, cut into wedges and various other shapes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 4 ounces goat cheese, room temperature, 4 slices grilled baguette], title: Heirloom Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 44012: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl combine the mayo, capers, relish, mustard, peppers, olives, eggs and tuna. Mix to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Serve on the quartered white bread and the sesame crackers., ingredients: [3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon capers, chopped, 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 slices jarred sweet and hot cherry peppers, chopped, 1 to 3 kalamata or nicoise olives, pitted and chopped, 1 hardboiled egg, chopped, One 7ounce jar Italian tuna packed in oil, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, White bread, such as Wonder Bread, crusts removed and quartered, for serving, Sesame crackers, for serving], title: Italian Tuna Salad, picturelink: st60XxzUKE5EQrBJ8IjaoLuiH8wG6a}, 44013: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except flour in a small, heavy saucepan over medhigh heat. Bring to a boil, stirring often. Once mixture is at a boil, stir constantly for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and sift in flour a little at a time, stirring to combine each addition before adding the next. Cool to room temperature or refrigerate for later use. If refrigerated, allow mixture to come up to room temperature before cooking.nHeat oven to 350 degrees. Cover a backing pan or cookie sheet with parchment paper and spoon out mixture with a metal soup spoon or a number 50 disher. Cookies will spread out like crazy, so place dollops 6 to 8 inches apart. Bake 18 minutes or until deep mahogany brown.nTo form into cups, use a metal spatula to transfer the hot candy disks to the bottoms of inverted ramekins or custard cups. Have a ramekin for each disk, or the disks will set before you can get through them all. Work quickly and the disks will conform to the shape of the cups. Remove when cool and store wrapped with paper towel inside resealable plastic bags.nVariation:While hot, disks can be cut into shapes with a pizza cutter and used as garnish for other desserts, or l, ingredients: [1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, 23 cup brown sugar 3 12 ounces by weight, 5 fluid ounces dark corn syrup 5 12 ounces by weight, Pinch of kosher salt, Juice of a quarter lemon, 1 cup flour 4 12 ounces by weight], title: Toffee Lace Cups, picturelink: null}, 44014: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Whisk the yogurt, mayonnaise, chutney, 2 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Add the apple, celery, raisins and cashews and toss set aside.nSeason the turkey cutlets with salt, pepper and the remaining 1 teaspoon curry powder. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Working in batches, cook the cutlets until golden brown and cooked through, about 3 12 minutes per side. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven until ready to serve.nAdd the lettuce to the bowl with the apple mixture toss to coat. Serve the turkey cutlets with the salad., ingredients: [34 cup plain nonfat Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon mango chutney, 2 teaspoons curry powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 red apple, sliced, 2 cups sliced celery 1 celery heart, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup salted roasted cashews, 1 14 pounds turkey cutlets about 14 inch thick, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 small head redleaf lettuce, quartered], title: Curried Turkey with AppleCashew Salad, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 44015: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 damp clean hand or kitchen towelnRemove turkey sausage from skins and combine with minced turkey in a food processor. Shell and devein shrimp and combine in food processor with turkey if you do not have a food processor, you can chop shrimp into small pieces and hand mix with turkey. Mix in finely chopped scallions, finely chopped cabbage, soy sauce, sesame oil, pepper, cornflour mixture and white wine. Set on manual pulse control or on lowest chop setting and process for just a few seconds until shrimp is chopped coarsely into the turkey. If the amount is too much for your food processor, mix in batches.nSet up dumpling wrapping area with a half full bowl of water, a clean surface to work on, a damp clean hand or kitchen towel, chopsticks, or small spoons and whoever is around to help you wrap the dumplingsnSet turkey mixture on wrapping area. On your clean working area, place a few wonton wrappers flat down on surface keep other wonton wrappers in plastic and they can dry out. Using chopsticks or a teaspoon, place about a teaspoon of mixture onto the center of wrapper. Dip a finger into the bowl of water and moisten one side of the dumpling wrapper with turkey mixture on it. Pick up the parcel and with fingers, pinch the two opposite sides of the wonton wrapper together forming the parcel into the shape of a halfcircle dumpling. If you are using square wrappers, you will have to pinch the square shape down into a halfcircle shape. Keep dumplings covered with damp cloth to keep them from drying out do not have cloth dripping, it should be just damp to the touch. Meanwhile, in a large deep pasta pot, fill a little above half with water. Bring to a boil. Lower temperature so that the water is at a low boil, too high a boil can break the dumplings. Place dumplings in carefully and close to the water to prevent them from breaking. Boil uncovered for about 10 to 12 minutes checking to see if the inside is cooked. Gently take out immediately with a strainer spatula. They are ready to eat with a ginger scallion soy saucenThe next day, you can make pot stickers by frying the left over dumplings. Use a sweeter dipping sauce such as a plum or duck sauce for pot stickers., ingredients: [12 pound spicy turkey sausage or turkey breakfast sausage, 1 pound minced turkey, 4 ounces shrimp optional, 6 green onions scallions, 14 medium size Chinese cabbage, or equivalent amount baby cleaned spinach, or Chinese bok choy, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon pepper, 14 cup water with a teaspoon cornflour mixed can use one egg, but will add cholesterol, 2 teaspoons white wine, or sherry, 2 packets wonton wrappers, round if possible, or square, about 50 per package, 1 bowl of water, half full], title: Chinese Healthy Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 44016: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpread one slice of bread with a thin layer of cold gravy. Layer the sandwich with slices of turkey, stuffing, more gravy and cranberry dressing, to taste. Season with salt and pepper and top with chopped sage leaves. Spread a thick layer of cranberry dressing on the other slice of bread.nButter each side of the sandwich on the outside, then toast on a preheated sandwich grill or in a cast iron skillet, pressing the firmly on each side golden brown., ingredients: [2 thick slices day old bread or 1 loaf, such as ciabatta, Cold gelatinous gravy, Turkey breast, sliced, Turkey stuffing, Cranberry dressing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 sage leaves, chopped fine, Butter, softened], title: Turkey, Dressing and Cranberry Panini, picturelink: 0gabneMUY0QJ0B5Y14NdwZPbJMdkzW}, 44017: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, mayonnaise, sour cream and vinegar. Add the chives, parsley, salt, garlic powder, onion powder and black pepper and whisk well to combine.nStore in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [34 cup lowfat buttermilk, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon dried chives, 1 tablespoon dried parsley flakes, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Ranch Dressing, picturelink: lArXLJ2wihFcQ8Ift4KQJKg.LOuiJ.}, 44018: {instructions: The Stock : Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium high heat. When hot, add the prawn shells and leeks and saute until the shells turn pink and the leeks are translucent. Add the thyme, parsley, water and wine and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes, pressing down on the prawn shells to extract their flavor. Strain the stock through a fine sieve, again pressing on the prawn shells. Reserve the stock and discard the solids.nThe Soup: In the same saucepan in which you Sauteed the prawns, add the onions and saute until translucent. Add the squash and rosemary, reduce heat to low, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. Add 5 cups of the stock and lemon juice. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover and cook until the squask is very tender, 1015 minutes. Discard the rosemary. Puree the soup in a food processor or food mill in small batches. Add the remaining 1 cup stock if the soup is you desire a thinner soup. Return the puree to the pan over medium heat.nSlice the prawns in half lengthwise. Add the prawns to the soup and cook until they turn pink. Transfer prawns to a warm platter and cover. Season soup to taste with salt and pepper and a few dashes of Tabasco.nTo serve: Ladle the soup into shallow soup bowls and set 6 prawns on top of each. Garnish with rosemary, ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 18 large prawns, shelled and deveined, shells and prawns reserved separately, 2 leeks, trimmed and slices, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 6 fresh parsley sprigs, 3 cups water, 4 cups dry white wine, 6 tablespoons butter, 2 medium yellow onions, thinly sliced, 2 pounds butternut squash, peeled and cut into 2inch chunks, 1 fresh sprig rosemary, 6 cups prawn stock, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Salt and pepper, A few dashes Tabasco], title: Butternut Squash and Prawn Soup, picturelink: null}, 44019: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Arrange banana halves in shallow pan, cut side up. Sprinkle rum evenly over bananas and shake cinnamon on top. Broil 4inch from flame until softened and beginning to brown. Place two banana halves in each of four bowls. Place a scoop of vanilla ice cream top and serve, topped with chocolate curls., ingredients: [4 ripe bananas, peeled and sliced in half lengthwise, 14 cup rum, A few shakes of cinnamon, Your favorite brand of vanilla ice cream, Several curls of bittersweet chocolate, peeled off a bar with a swivel peeler], title: Broiled Bananas on Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 44020: {instructions: Cut a 2inch round from the center of the bread, reserving the round. Melt a nut size bit of butter in a small nonstick skillet over medium heat. Place the slice of bread and the round in skillet and toast lightly, about 1 minute. Crack the egg into the hole and season with salt and pepper, and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add remaining the rest of the butter as needed to brown and crisp the toast. Flip the egg and round, season with salt and pepper. Cook another 2 minutes for a runny yolk, or slightly longer for a set egg.nTransfer egginthehole to a plate and sprinkle with paprika, if desired. Serve and use the toasted round for dipping into the yolk., ingredients: [1 slice sourdough, potato, or wheat bread, 1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large egg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch paprika, optional], title: EggintheHole, picturelink: null}, 44021: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 bamboo skewersnSoak skewers in water for 30 minutes. Preheat grill or broiler on low heat.nWrap each tomato with a basil leaf.nOn each skewer, thread a cube of salami, a cube of mozzarella and a basilwrapped cherry tomato. Repeat with additional salami, mozzarella, and tomato.nPlace the skewers on a baking sheet. Broil 4 to 5 inches from heat about 1 minute or until just warm. If grilling, place them on the grill over low heat, or as the coals are burning down, for 1 to 2 minutes, turning once. Watch skewers carefully so that the cheese softens a little but does not melt.nArrange skewers on a serving platter. Drizzle with oil and sprinkle with cracked pepper. Serve warm., ingredients: [24 cherry tomatoes, 24 basil leaves, 12 ounces salami, cut into 1inch cubes, 12 ounces smoked mozzarella, cut into 1inch cubes, Olive oil, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Salami, Mozzarella and BasilTomato Skewers, picturelink: KbZm1hnqv9pISVQYK2bEgUF.1Ppcoga}, 44022: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nApply cooking spray to muffin pan. Using a 2 12inch circular biscuit cutter, cut a circle out of each tortilla. In a small saucepan, heat the oil. Quickly drop each circle into the oil, allowing it to cook for 2 seconds. Remove from oil and press into the inside of a muffin pan. Bake for 8 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool on a paper towel.nIn a skillet, brown the ground beef, add taco mix and water. Simmer until slightly thickened, reserve.nIn separate containers, microwave the refried beans and cheese dip in 45second intervals until hot.nTo assemble the nachos: Layer each cup with 1 tablespoon each of refried beans, ground beef and cheese dip. Top with shredded lettuce, 12 tablespoon each of sour cream, tomato and minced onion. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [Carlini Cooking Spray, 24 Benita Corn Tortillas, 1 cup Carlini Vegetable Oil, 1 pound All Natural 80 Lean Ground Beef Patties, 1 ounce Casa Mamita Taco Mix, 12 cup water, 34 cup Casa Mamita Refried Beans, 34 cup Clancys Cheese Dip, 34 cup shredded lettuce, 6 tablespoons Friendly Farms Sour Cream, 6 tablespoons minced and seeded tomatoes, 6 tablespoons minced onion, Cilantro for garnish optional], title: Nacho Cups, picturelink: null}, 44023: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Melt 1 tablespoon butter.nOn a baking sheet, toss the potatoes with the melted butter, 12 tablespoon olive oil, salt, pepper, and 12 tablespoon thyme. Put them in the oven for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat a large skillet and add 1 tablespoon oil. Add the chopped bacon and cook for a few minutes. You dont want to overcrisp the bacon before you add the livers. If the bacon gets too crisp before the livers go in just take it out and lay on a paper towel to drain. Season the livers with salt, and pepper, and add to the pan. We are looking for a great dark sear on each side so let the livers cook about 3 minutes per side. Put the livers on one side of pan and the bacon on the other. After the livers are cooked, add the marmalade and the remaining thyme and give it a good toss or stir. Turn off the heat and let stand. While the livers are resting, in another saute pan add 1 tablespoon oil and 12 tablespoon butter. Put the pan over high heat and when the butter starts to brown, add the sliced Brussels sprouts and spread out across the entire pan. Cook for 2 minutes, add salt, and pepper, and toss like a pancake or simply stir them up. The edges will start to brown and youll get a deep nutty crispness.nPlace the Brussels sprouts down on a plate and lay the livers on top and then flank it with the new potatoes.nTo make Citrus Marmalade:nHeat a large pot over medium heat and stir in the grapefruit sections, grapefruit peel, sugar, wine, and rice wine vinegar. Bring the mixture to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 90 minutes or until its nice and thick. Transfer the mixture to a food processor or blender and quickly pulse. Do not fully puree it. Keep the mixture in a jar to use with meats or desserts., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 6 red potatoes, quartered, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, finely chopped, divided, 3 strips Canadian bacon, chopped, 1 pound chicken livers, 2 tablespoons Big Chefs Bold Citrus Marmalade, recipe follows, 1 pound Brussels sprouts, sliced thin, 6 Ruby Red grapefruits, peeled and sectioned, 1 thinly sliced peel reserved, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup dry sweet wine recommended: German Riesling, 14 cup rice wine vinegar], title: Citrus MarmaladeGlazed Chicken Livers with Roasted Potatoes and Crispy Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: FgqovyEKNekkEKAkgusTQ4xBv3Vyw1e}, 44024: {instructions: Cook and caramelize pineapples in nonstick pan until softened. Add rum and cook off alcohol.nPulse almonds, light brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, flour, and butter in food processor. Fill 5inch round gratin dishes with cooked pineapple and top with crisp mixture. Cook in a preheated 400degree oven until brown and bubbly on top, about 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [1 golden pineapple, peeled, cut in half, cored, and sliced into half moons, 13 cup dark rum, 1 cup sliced almonds, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, Pinch ground ginger, 3 tablespoons flour, 3 tablespoons butter], title: Pineapple Crisp, picturelink: tuR4diAZ43NQLyDO9pIEtGv2huWVq}, 44025: {instructions: Smash out the anchovy fillet with the flat side of the knife. After the capers are rinsed, mash those with flat of knife as well.nWhisk the marinara and clam juice together in large sauce pot, season with fresh black pepper, to taste. Add the anchovies, capers, and chili paste, and stir. Add the tomatoes to sauce with the olives. Add parsley, oregano, vinegar, and olive oil. Bring to boil. Check and adjust the seasoning.nJust before serving, warm the sauce and toss in a pan with some hot pasta. Top with grated pecorino. Add some pasta water, if desired, to thin out the sauce. The sauce is also terrific over grilled fish or on a bruschetta.nc 2002 NapaStyle Inc. All rights reserved., ingredients: [2 teaspoons chopped and smashed anchovies, 2 teaspoons salted or canned capers, rinsed and chopped, 1 12 cups marinara sauce, 14 cup clam juice preferably unsalted, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons hot chili paste, finely chopped recommended: Peperoncino Piccante Chili Paste, 12 cup peeled, seeded, roughly chopped tomatoes if you dont have any tomatoes on hand, increase the marinara sauce to 2 cups, 12 cup each Kalamata and picoline olives, pitted and quartered, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves or 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons finely chopped Italian parsley, optional, 1 12 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Pasta Puttanesca, picturelink: GBNW6adHFgCYFE67yBusXZ4FeCEMHm}, 44026: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, 12 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in the barley and thyme, and cook, stirring, until the barley is just golden, about 2 minutes more.nTransfer the barley mixture to a 6quart slow cooker, and add the broth, 1 12 cups water and 12 teaspoon salt. Cover, and cook on high until the liquid is absorbed and the barley is tender, about 3 hours.nDiscard the thyme, and stir in the asparagus. Return the lid to the pot, and cook until the asparagus is tender, 30 minutes more. Stir in the Parmesan, lemon zest, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Thin out the risotto to the desired consistency with warm water, as needed. Fold in the parsley and mint, and serve with lemon wedges on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups pearled barley, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 cups lowsodium vegetable broth, 1 pound 1 bunch asparagus, rough stalks trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 23 cup grated Parmesan, Zest of 1 lemon, plus lemon wedges, for serving, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh mint], title: SlowCooker AsparagusBarley Risotto, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 44027: {instructions: Whisk together the red wine vinegar, Dijon mustard and honey in a small bowl. Slowly add in the olive oil, whisking to emulsify. Mix together the arugula, grapes and onions in a salad bowl. Add dressing to taste, tossing to coat. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 generous tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cups arugula, 2 cups red grapes, halved if desired, 1 red onion, shaved], title: Arugula and Grape Salad, picturelink: null}, 44028: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Four 12inch skewersnPrepare a grill for very high heat.nCurl each shrimp into a C shape, and skewer through the neck and tail you should be able to fit 5 on each skewer. Brush the shrimp with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nPlace the lemon halves on the grill cutsides down. Lay the skewers flat on the grill and grill, covered, for 90 seconds. Flip the skewers and grill, covered, until grill marks appear on the shrimp, about 1 minute. Transfer the skewers to a plate, squeeze the grilled lemon halves over the top and serve., ingredients: [1 pound peeled and deveined large shrimp about 20 shrimp, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 lemon, halved], title: Quick Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: FIVAWPBDlsujkoACOZkEAN7T1Er9RC}, 44029: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the ribs: In a medium saucepan, combine the soy sauce, brown sugar, molasses, salt and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil and set aside to cool to room temperature.nPut the ribs in a large, turkeysized baking bag or sealable plastic bag. Support the bag in a 12by14inch baking pan. Pour the marinade over the ribs and seal the bag. Marinate the ribs in the refrigerator for a few hours, turning the bag occasionally to thoroughly coat the meat.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDrain and discard the marinade. Cut four slits in the top of the baking bag, if you are using one. Otherwise, remove the ribs, transfer them to the baking pan, and cover the pan with foil or a lid. Bake for 2 hours.nFor the barbecue sauce: While the ribs are baking, blend the ketchup, chili sauce, brown sugar, dry mustard and 13 cup water in a large saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar, then remove from the heat.nWhen the ribs are cooked and tender, remove them from the baking bag. Lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nBrush the ribs on both sides with the barbecue sauce and return them to the oven to bake, uncovered, for 30 minutes longer. Just before serving, throw the ribs under the broiler to give them a bit of a char., ingredients: [2 cups soy sauce, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 tablespoon dark molasses, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 pounds meaty pork ribs, One 14ounce bottle ketchup, One 12ounce bottle chili sauce, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 teaspoon dry mustard], title: Barbecued Pork Ribs, picturelink: LGbzNCGSmVoLlQK66kq53vgQNaQLhOy}, 44030: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nIn a food processor, pulse together the butter and sugar until yellow and fluffy, then add the eggs one at a time. Add the flour, baking powder, vanilla and lemon zest and continue pulsing until a firm dough forms.nScoop off golf ballsized pieces of dough and roll with your hands into oval shapes. Dip the cookies in the milk, then roll in the sesame seeds. Space 2inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until brown and toasty, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool completely on the baking sheets, or cool 2 minutes, then transfer to racks to cool completely if the baking sheets are needed for another batch. Cookies will last about 3 weeks in a sealed container., ingredients: [2 12 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Zest of 1 small lemon, 1 cup milk, 2 cups sesame seeds], title: Biscotti Regina, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 44031: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Whisk the eggs and egg whites with 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat. Pour in the egg mixture and stir with a rubber spatula until curds begin to form, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the broiler broil until set but not browned, 30 seconds to 1 minute.nSpread the marinara sauce over the eggs, leaving a 12inch border. Top with the mozzarella, pepperoni and parmesan. Return to the broiler until the cheese is bubbling, 1 to 2 minutes. Set aside.nWhisk the vinegar with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Add the salad greens and bell pepper toss. Sprinkle the frittata with basil and cut into wedges. Serve with the salad and bread.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [6 large eggs plus 4 egg whites, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup lowsodium marinara sauce, 34 cup lowmoisture partskim shredded mozzarella cheese about 3 ounces, 1 ounce sliced pepperoni, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 1 10ounce package mixed Italian salad greens such as romaine and radicchio about 8 cups, 12 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, Torn fresh basil, for topping, 4 slices crusty Italian bread], title: Pizza Frittata, picturelink: mqXybd3nspMn6ynfdGJtm3s4nfK9T2}, 44032: {instructions: In a blender, blend the mayonnaise with the milk, vinegar, parsley, dill, salt, garlic powder, garlic salt, onion powder and black pepper until smooth, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup milk, 1 12 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon black pepper], title: Diamond Sevens Ranch Dressing, picturelink: null}, 44033: {instructions: Combine Jose Cuervo Especial, Jose Cuervo Lime Margarita Mix and pomegranate juice into cocktail shaker half full with ice.nShake well and strain into a chilled martini glass rim glass with salt optional.nGarnish with lime or lemon wheel., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Jose Cuervo Especial, 3 oz. Jose Cuervo Lime Margarita Mix, 2 oz. pomegranate juice, 1 piece lime wheel, 1 tbsp. salt], title: Cuervo Especial Pomegranate Margarita Martini, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 44034: {instructions: Combine softened vanilla ice cream with crumbled macaroons, chopped maraschino cherries and mini semisweet chocolate chips. Spoon mixture into a small, glass, mixing bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until ready to serve dessert.nTo form sundaes, scoop tortoni ice cream mixture into ice cream bowls. Drizzle with chocolate syrup or warmed hot fudge, top with remaining whole maraschino cherries and nut topping., ingredients: [2 pints vanilla ice cream, softened in microwave on defrost for 1 minute, 10 coconut cookies or coconut macaroons, from bulk cookie bins or shelf packaged, 12 cup maraschino cherries, drained and chopped, plus 6 whole, for garnish, 12 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips, Chocolate syrup or hot fudge sauce, for topping, 1 package, 2 ounces, chopped salted nut topping, available on baking aisle], title: Tortoni Sundaes, picturelink: CLAqCXrF8kUGWUqjY8kdJpXLFxc42fu}, 44035: {instructions: In a nonreactive container, combine the cabbage, peppers and onions. Sprinkle with salt and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nRemove cabbage mixture from refrigerator and drain, discarding liquid. Rinse cabbage mixture with cold water and drain again. Transfer cabbage to a large saucepan. Place spices in a square of cheesecloth and tie with kitchen twine. Add sachet to cabbage mixture. Combine vinegar and sugar in a liquid measuring cup. Pour over cabbage mixture and stir to combine. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to simmer, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes. Remove and discard sachet.nLadle relish into jars. Cool on a rack to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 small white cabbage about 1 12 pounds, cored and finely shredded about 7 cups, 2 medium red bell peppers, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 2 medium yellow onions, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 2 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 12 teaspoons whole black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon whole allspice, 1 bay leaf, 1 1inch piece cinnamon stick, 12 teaspoon whole cardamom pods, 14 star anise, 1 14 cups apple cider vinegar, 1 cup light brown sugar, firmly packed], title: Cabbage Relish, picturelink: null}, 44036: {instructions: Into a large, resealable plastic bag add the soy sauce, sesame oil, peanut oil, lime juice, ginger, garlic, and cilantro. Seal the bag and shake it to mix the ingredients. Add the chicken breasts and shake it again. Let the chicken marinate in the refrigerator for at least 12 hour or up to overnight.nPour about 1inch of water into a wok and bring it to a boil over high heat. Line the bottom of a bamboo steamer with a layer of cabbage leaves. Place the marinated chicken on top of the leaves. Cover the steamer and put it into the wok. Steam the chicken until it is cooked through, about 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 12 lime, juiced, 1 1inch piece ginger, sliced thick, 1 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 handful cilantro, chopped, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 head savoy cabbage], title: Steamed SoyMarinated Chicken, picturelink: null}, 44037: {instructions: Pour the stock into a large 4gallon stockpot over mediumhigh heat and bring to a simmer. Add the pickling spice, garlic, bay leaves and cloves. Reduce the heat to medium, then add the beef and cabbage simmer until tender, 3 hours. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat a few inches of oil to 325 degrees F in a deep pot.nFry the potatoes wedges until tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove and season with salt and pepper.nTo build the plate, place wedges of cabbage on a plate with corned beef next to it, then add potatoes and finish with 2 to 3 ounces of the cooking broth on top., ingredients: [2 gallons chicken stock, 12 cup pickling spice, 6 cloves garlic, 4 bay leaves, 4 cloves, 2 pounds raw beef brisket, cut into 4 equal portions, 2 heads cabbage, cut into wedges, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 medium Idaho potatoes, cut into wedges], title: Corned Beef and Cabbage, picturelink: h02uTnv9Qq549YMk5qoO2RnPkzi.rGu}, 44038: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together eggs, cream, Gruyere cheese, salt, and pepper until foamy. Melt butter in a cast iron pan over medium heat. Add the onion and potatoes and cook thoroughly. Pour the egg mixture over the top. Pull the edges away from the sides of the pan with a spatula so the eggs flow to the bottom of the pan. When the frittata is half set, add the ham.nTransfer the pan to the heated oven. Bake for 10 minutes until puffed and golden. Shower with grated Parmesan and serve garnished with sour cream and chives., ingredients: [8 extralarge eggs, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 small onion, diced, 4 small red potatoes, diced, 1 cup diced smoked ham or Canadian bacon, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, for finishing top, 14 cup sour cream, 1 bunch chives, chopped], title: Smoked Ham, Gruyere and Caramelized Onion Frittata, picturelink: 1dkLE2e6gLa2tfItPiIG8qcuyL3jFNi}, 44039: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the ceviche: Place the shrimp into a pot of salted water. Place over medium heat and cook until just starting to turn opaque, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain before adding to the rest of the ceviche.nMeanwhile, dice the mahi mahi into 14inch pieces and set aside in a large nonreactive bowl.nPeel the celery and place in a food processor with the lime juice and orange juice. Puree until smooth and set aside. Add the celery puree to the fish and sprinkle with the cumin, cayenne and some salt and black pepper. Add the shrimp and stir well to incorporate. Cover and chill the ceviche in the fridge for 15 to 20 minutes. The shrimp will turn pink and the fish will turn white when cooked. Toss with the cilantro just before serving.nFor the tortilla strips: In a large castiron pot over mediumhigh heat or in countertop fryer, bring the oil to 325 degrees F. Add the tortilla strips and fry until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove to towellined dish and drain. Season with salt.nTo plate: Spoon the ceviche into a serving bowl and garnish with the tortilla strips and lime wedges., ingredients: [12 ounces large shrimp, shelled, deveined, halved and diced, Kosher salt, 12 ounces boneless, skinless mahi mahi fillets or other firm white fish, 6 ribs celery, 14 cup lime juice, Juice of 1 orange, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 4 cups canola oil, for frying, Three 6inch corn tortillas, sliced into strips, Kosher salt, 1 lime, cut into wedges], title: Shrimp and Mahi Mahi Citrus Ceviche, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 44040: {instructions: In a large pot combine squash, onion, garlic, chipotle and cumin. Cover with chicken broth and water to cover. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and fast simmer for 20 minutes or until squash is tender. Off heat, using an immersion blender, puree soup. Stir in thyme. Pour soup into thermos and serve hot at game., ingredients: [2 butternut squash, peeled, seeded, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 large onion, diced, 1 large garlic clove, 1 tablespoon chipotle in adobo puree, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 3 16ounce cans chicken broth, plus water to cover, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme], title: Squash Em Soup, picturelink: null}, 44041: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the vodka, beer, limeade, and club soda to a large serving container and mix well. Add lime wheels and pour into tall tumblers filled with ice. Garnish each glass with a lime wedge and serve., ingredients: [1 liter vodka, Three 12ounce bottles beer recommended: Corona, Three 6ounce containers frozen limeade, thawed, Three 1liter bottles club soda, 3 limes, sliced into wheels, Ice, for serving, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Ginas Super Bowl Punch, picturelink: 7wWGIEJ.c1ULqULdKRUHlZ19cIXGHIK}, 44042: {instructions: Warm the milk in a small saucepan until steaming. Dissolve the yeast in 12 cup warm water. Combine the milk, shortening, granulated sugar, salt and eggs in a large bowl with a wooden spoon. Add the yeast mixture and mix until combined. Stir in the flour to form a soft dough. Transfer to a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer the dough to an oiled bowl, turning to coat. Cover with plastic wrap let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, 1 to 1 12 hours.nMeanwhile, make the caramel: Combine the brown sugar, corn syrup and butter in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil cook until the butter melts and the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the heavy cream whisk until combined and slightly cooled. Lightly oil a rimmed baking sheet spread the caramel on the baking sheet and let cool completely.nMake the filling: Mix the brown sugar, melted butter and cinnamon in a bowl. Punch down the dough and roll out into a 12by24inch rectangle on a floured surface. Spread the filling on the dough and roll up, starting at a long side. Cut into 1inch pieces and arrange cutside up on the caramel. Cover loosely and let sit at room temperature until puffed, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Uncover the rolls and bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Put a baking sheet on the lower oven rack to catch any drips. Let cool slightly on the baking sheet, then invert onto a large cutting board or platter.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 cup milk, 1 12 tablespoons active dry yeast, 14 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 large eggs, 7 cups allpurpose flour,, plus more for dusting, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 12 cups packed dark brown sugar, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon], title: Caramel Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 44043: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThe day before you plan to serve the pudding, line a mixing bowl with plastic wrap. Line the plastic wrap with the bread slices, trimming the pieces so that they fit together neatly. Save enough bread to cover the top of the pudding. In a saucepan, combine the apple juice concentrate and all the berries. Bring the mixture to a boil and cook until the strawberries begin to soften, about 1 minute. Immediately turn off the heat. Stirring, dissolve the gelatin in the water, then add the mixture to the berries and stir to combine. Spoon the mixture into the breadlined bowl. Cover with remaining bread slices. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill overnight. When ready to serve, whip the cream until soft peaks form. Remove the pudding from the refrigerator and remove the plastic wrap on top of the bowl. Carefully turn the pudding out onto a platter and serve in spoonfuls with whipped cream on top., ingredients: [10 to 15 thin slices white bread, crusts removed, 12 cup thawed frozen apple juice concentrate, 1 12 cups raspberries, 1 12 cups red currants, 2 cups strawberries, hulled, 12 cup cranberries, 1 cup blueberries, 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin, 2 tablespoons cold water, 1 cup heavy cream, optional], title: Berry Pudding, picturelink: PyjOpaXrCw7XtCNceVkKpVjsOCIQhka}, 44044: {instructions: Peel the eggplants lengthwise in 12inch strips zebrastyle, leaving a 12inch strip of skin between each peel. Trim off long stems so eggplant will fit in pan. Heat oil in a large, deep frying pan. In batches, fry eggplant until golden all over and beginning to soften, turning frequently. Transfer eggplant to a baking dish, placing them side by side, and cut a deep slit lengthwise in each eggplant. Set aside.nHeat the butter in the skillet, add the onions and saute until soft, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the lamb and cook for 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes, bell peppers and salt, and saute until all the juices are absorbed, about 5 more minutes. Stir in the parsley, and lemon juice, adjust seasonings and remove from heat.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees.nStuff the eggplants tightly with the ground lamb mixture, enlarging the opening with your hand. Add a little water to the baking dish, cover, and bake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until eggplants are very tender., ingredients: [6 Italian or Japanese eggplants, 1 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 onions, finely chopped, 1 pound ground lamb, 3 tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and chopped, Salt, 12 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice], title: Stuffed Eggplant with Lamb, picturelink: null}, 44045: {instructions: Set out the ingredients of your choice on one or more plates or shallow bowls to accompany any meal.nCut the tip off each carrot on a long diagonal. Use a mandoline or other vegetable slicer or a coarse grater to slice the carrots into strips, or use a knife to cut into matchsticks. You should have approximately 2 cups. Place the carrots in a large strainer and set aside. Use the same method to make daikon strips. You should have approximately 2 cups. Add to the carrots in the strainer and mix well with your hands. Sprinkle on the salt and toss to mix. Place over a bowl or in the sink and let stand for 20 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, in a nonreactive saucepan, combine the water, vinegar, and sugar and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat cool to room temperature. Dont cook the vegetables, bathe them. Rinse the vegetables briefly with cold water, then squeeze dry and transfer to a medium bowl. Pour over the vinegar mixture and stir gently with a wooden spoon to ensure all the vegetables are well moistened. Let stand for 1 hour before serving. To serve, lift the salad out of the vinegar bath and mound attractively on a plate.nRinse the bean sprouts well in cold water, drain, and place in a large bowl. Add scallions and set aside. Place the remaining ingredients in a nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring with a wooden spoon to dissolve the salt and sugar. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. Pour the vinegar mixture over the sprouts and scallions and stir gently to immerse all the vegetables. Let stand at room temperature for 1 to 2 hours. Drain the bean sprouts and serve mounded on several plates., ingredients: [Asian or sweet basil leaves, Mint leaves, Coriander sprigs, Leaf lettuce one or more kinds, separated into leaves, Small scallions, trimmed, Small lime wedges, Bird chiles, whole or minced, Cucumber slices or chunks, Bean sprouts, raw or briefly parboiled and drained, Carrot and Daikon Pickled Salad, recipe follows, Pickled Bean Sprout Salad, recipe follows, 12 pound carrots, peeled, 12 pound daikon radish, peeled, 1 12 cups water, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 pound mung bean sprouts about 6 cups loosely packed, 5 large scallions or 8 smaller ones, trimmed, smashed flat with the side of a cleaver, sliced lengthwise into ribbons, and then cut crosswise into 2 to 3inch lengths, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup rice vinegar, 4 cups water], title: Vietnamese Herb and Salad Plate, picturelink: null}, 44046: {instructions: Cut the potatoes into 12inch dice. To remove the excess starch, place the potatoes in a bowl and rinse with cold running water until the water runs clear. Drain well.nHeat 14 cup clarified butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onions until they are brown. At the same time, heat the remaining clarified butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Fry the potatoes until they are golden and add sauteed onions.nAdd the garlic and ginger, and cook just long enough to release their aromas, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the cumin, turmeric, coriander, and pepper flakes. Return the pan to medium heat. Stir in the tomatoes, chicken stock or water, and salt.nSimmer, uncovered, until the potatoes are soft, about 15 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and cook until the peas are heated through. Adjust the seasonings and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 large baking potatoes, peeled, 12 cup clarified butter ghee, 2 large onions, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 2 12 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 12 tablespoon ground coriander, 12 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 tomatoes, seeded and diced, 3 cups chicken stock or water, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 cups fresh or frozen peas, thawed, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves roughly chopped], title: Potato Pea Curry, picturelink: null}, 44047: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler.nUnder the hot broiler, char the bell peppers and jalapenos to blacken the skins evenly. Place the peppers in a bowl and cover to cool. Wipe off the skins with a paper towel and seed the peppers.nMeanwhile, sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper, and then dredge in flour. Heat a couple of tablespoons of oil in a pan over mediumhigh heat and add the chicken to brown on both sides. Remove to a plate and add a bit more oil if necessary. Add the garlic, onions, coriander, cumin and some salt and pepper. Cook to soften, stirring occasionally.nAdd 1 cup of the stock with the peeled peppers to a food processor and pulse to puree the peppers. Add the puree to the cooked onions and slide the chicken back into the sauce to finish cooking.nCool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat, adding a little water or stock if the sauce is too thick.nTo serve, prepare the rice pilaf. Melt the butter in a saucepot over medium heat. Toast the broken pasta pieces to brown, then add the rice and the remaining 2 cups stock, and bring to a boil. Cover the pot and cook 15 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and let stand 5 minutes, then fluff the pilaf with a fork., ingredients: [3 large green bell peppers, 2 to 3 large jalapeno peppers, 8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, pounded, Salt and pepper, Flour, for dredging, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons butter, A handful spaghetti, broken into 1 to 2inch pieces, 1 cup longgrain white rice or basmati rice], title: Green Harissa Chicken Thighs, picturelink: ZOmFE.fi7R3Cs4M.ykWikAmCn6SjJhG}, 44048: {instructions: Fold all ingredients together in a mixing bowl., ingredients: [1 pint sour cream, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup freshly grated horseradish, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: HorseradishChive Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44049: {instructions: 1 large egg white 1 tablespoon vanilla extract 2 34 cups 11 ounces whole natural almonds, ingredients: [12 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 large egg white, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 34 cups 11 ounces whole natural almonds], title: Spiced Almonds, picturelink: null}, 44050: {instructions: The night before serving, slice the potatoes 14inch thick and transfer to a bowl of cold water. Refrigerate up to 24 hours, changing the water a few times. This makes the potatoes extra crispy when fried.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the red onion, white onion, shallots, thyme, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until the onions are soft, 30 minutes. Stir in the brown sugar, brandy and Worcestershire sauce and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vinegar transfer to a bowl and set aside.nCombine 3 teaspoons crushed peppercorns with 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the steak and toss to coat, pressing the peppercorns into the meat. Melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook until it just starts browning. Add the steak cook, turning, until browned on all sides, about 6 minutes. Remove to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, drain the potatoes and pat dry. Transfer to a large pot cover with 2 inches of vegetable oil. Cook over mediumhigh heat, gently stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a rack set on a baking sheet season with salt. The potatoes can be fried up to 2 hours ahead reheat in a 300 degrees F oven for 5 minutes before assembling.nThinly slice the steak. Spread some of the onion mixture on each potato top with a slice of steak and a dollop of sour cream. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 teaspoon crushed peppercorns.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 34 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes about 4 medium, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 red onion, sliced, 1 white onion, sliced, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 3 to 4 tablespoons brandy, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar, 4 teaspoons mixed peppercorns, crushed, 2 filet mignon steaks 1 12 inches thick about 8 ounces each, each cut into 4 strips, Vegetable oil, for frying, 14 cup sour cream], title: Steak Au Poivre Potatoes, picturelink: Bpk7x7rJ8TKeliNJFcO762UhOyEh4C}, 44051: {instructions: Spoon the chocolate ice cream in small pieces into a 9inch springform pan, lined with plastic wrap, filling in any large holes, then spread it evenly with a warm rubber spatula. Heat cream and stir in Nutella to thin out. Cool. Pour 12 of the Nutella over the chocolate ice cream and spread it evenly with a small offset spatula. Freeze for at least 1 hour, or until firm.nSpoon the strawberry ice cream over the Nutella in small pieces, filling in any large holes, then spread it evenly with a warm rubber spatula. Pour the remaining Nutella over the ice cream and spread it evenly with the offset spatula. Scatter the hazelnuts over the top of the cake, then press in. Cover the pan tightly with aluminum foil and freeze for at least 6 hours, or up to 2 weeks.nTo serve, let the cake stand at room temperature for 5 to 10 minutes or in the refrigerator for 15 to 20 minutes. Run a knife around the inside of the pan, release the side of the pan, and remove it. Cut the cake into wedges., ingredients: [3 pints chocolate ice cream or gelato, slightly softened, 12 cup heavy cream, One 13ounce jar Nutella or other chocolate hazelnut spread, 2 pints strawberry ice cream or gelato, slightly softened, 1 cup coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts], title: Skyhigh Layered Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 44052: {instructions: Heat the cream in a small saucepan over low heat. Pour the coffee into a mug and add the cream and sugar cubes, to taste. Serve with a Chocolate Covered Spoon.nMelt the chocolate over a double broiler until and stir until smooth. Dip the cookies into the chocolate and transfer them to a parchment paper lined baking sheet to cool and harden., ingredients: [2 tablespoons or more whipping cream, 1 cup hot brewed chicory coffee, Sugar cubes, Chocolate Dipped Spoons, recipe follows, 2 cups semisweet chocolate, 6 storebought cookies in the shape of spoons], title: Cafe Au Lait with Chocolate Dipped Spoons, picturelink: null}, 44053: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 large roasting pans with handles and Vracks Instantread thermometer 2 2quart casserole dishes Extralarge mixing bowlnPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, melt 4 tablespoons of the butter. Add onions, carrots and celery and saute until tender. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and toss with parsley, sage, chestnuts, apples, dried cranberries, mushrooms and bread. Pour eggs, stock and remaining 12 tablespoons of melted butter over, season with salt and pepper and toss again well. If the stuffing is too dry add a bit more stock or water. It should not be saturated or soggy, though.nPlace the turkey on a rack in a roasting pan. Rub the cavity opening with salt and pepper. With your fingers, carefully separate as much of the turkeys skin from the breast, as you can, trying not to puncture any holes in the skin as you go.nIn a small mixing bowl stir together 8 tablespoons of the softened butter with 1 cup of the brown sugar. Smear about half of the softened butter and sugar mixture over the breast under the skin. Rub the remaining butter and sugar mixture all over the turkey.nLoosely stuff the turkey with the cooled chestnut stuffing. If there is extra stuffing bake it in a buttered baking dish next to the turkey in the oven.nRoast the stuffed turkey about 3 to 3 12 hours, basting often during the last hour of cooking with the buttered rum glaze, or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the turkey leg registers 155 degrees F it will continue cooking for another 20 minutes or so out of the oven. If the turkey skin starts to get too dark, tent it with foil while it roasts.nWhile turkey is cooking, in a small saucepan combine remaining 8 tablespoons of the butter with 1 cup of the brown sugar, ground cinnamon, freshly ground nutmeg, dark rum and a little salt and pepper. Bring to a boil then lower and simmer for 10 minutes until slightly thickened and syruplike, stirring often.nTransfer the turkey to a carving board to rest and loosely tent with foil and allow to cool. Brush the outside of the turkey with syrup mixture to get a glazed look., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, plus 12 tablespoons melted, 1 cup diced onion, 12 cup diced carrots, 12 cup diced celery, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 8 ounces roasted, peeled and coarsely chopped chestnuts, 2 apples, peeled cored and diced, 12 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup sauteed mushrooms, 1 12 pounds sourdough bread, crusts removed, cut into 1inch cubes and toasted, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup chicken stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 22pound fresh turkey, giblets removed, rinsed well inside and out, patted dry, 2 sticks butter, softened, divided, 2 cups brown sugar, divided, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 12 cup dark rum, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Rum Glazed Turkey, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 44054: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. In medium bowl, combine cream cheese, 12 cup of the sugar, 1 teaspoon of the lemon peel and lemon juice mix well. In another medium bowl, combine remaining 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon peel and poppy seed mix well. Separate dough into 8 biscuits. Carefully split side of each biscuit halfway to form opening. Fill each opening with 2 rounded tablespoons cream cheese mixture. Press edges firmly to seal. Dip filled biscuits in melted butter coat with poppy seed mixture. Place in ungreased jumbo nonstick muffin cups.nBake at 375 for 13 to 17 minutes or until puffed and golden brown. Cool 10 minutes. Run knife around edge of each puff to loosen remove from muffin cups. Serve warm. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 8oz. pkg. cream cheese, softened, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons poppy seed, 1 16.3oz. can Pillsbury Grands Refrigerated Buttermilk Biscuits, 12 cup butter, melted], title: Lemon Poppy Seed Puffs, picturelink: null}, 44055: {instructions: With a vegetable peeler remove zest from 4 lemons and squeeze enough juice from these and remaining 2 lemons to measure 1 cup.nIn a saucepan boil 2 cups water with sugar, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Add zest, lemon juice, and remaining 2 cups water and cool.nIn a food processor or blender puree blackberries and stir into lemonade. Pour blackberry lemonade through a sieve into a pitcher or other container and chill. Chill lemonade, covered, at least until cold and up to 2 days.nServe lemonade over ice in tall glasses, garnished with lemon slices., ingredients: [About 6 lemons, 4 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup pickedover fresh blackberries, Garnish: lemon slices], title: Blackberry Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 44056: {instructions: Heat the milk and sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat until it is hot. Do not let it boil. Put the white chocolate into a mug, add the hot milk, and stir vigorously. Add the liqueurs and stir gently. Or, if available, place all the ingredients into a pitcher and steam with an espresso wand. Serve immediately.nSlice the vanilla bean in half lengthwise. Scrape out the seeds and place them along with the bean rind into an airtight container along with the sugar. Mix thoroughly. Let sit for 1 week before using., ingredients: [7 ounces whole milk, 1 tablespoon Vanilla Sugar, recipe follows, 2 ounces white chocolate coins, 1 14 ounces framboise raspberry liqueur, 34ounce white chocolate liqueur, 1 whole fresh vanilla bean, 1 pound sugar], title: Pink Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 44057: {instructions: Lightly grease a 9by13inch baking dish. Line a baking sheet with foil.nCook the spaghetti according to the package instructions in a large pot of boiling salted water. Drain, rinse, and transfer the spaghetti to the baking dish.nMeanwhile, turn on the broiler and place a rack 6 inches away from the heating element. Place the grape tomatoes and jalapenos on the prepared baking sheet, skin side up, along with the whole garlic cloves and onion. Broil, for 5 to 7 minutes, until the tomatoes, jalapenos, garlic, and onion are softened and have begun to blacken. Remove from the oven, and when cool enough to handle, dice the tomatoes, jalapenos, garlic, and onion.nTurn the oven temperature down to 350 degrees F.nTo make the sauce for the spaghetti, in a saucepan, melt the butter over mediumlow heat. Whisk in the flour until well combined and slightly browned, about 30 seconds. Slowly pour in the milk and cook, stirring, until the sauce thickens just a bit, 3 to 5 minutes. You want it to coat the back of your spoon, but not be too thick, like custard. If it gets too thick, you can slowly add more milk, about a teaspoon at a time.nOnce the sauce thickens, immediately turn off the heat and slowly stir in half of the cheeses, about 14 cup at a time, until melted and incorporated into the sauce. Stir in the diced vegetables, along with the cumin, cayenne, cilantro, and lime juice. Taste and adjust the seasonings, adding salt and black pepper to taste. Pour the sauce into the cooked spaghetti and then stir in the shredded cooked chicken. Cover the spaghetti with the remaining cheeses.nBake, uncovered, for 20 minutes, or until brown and bubbling. Garnish with cilantro before serving., ingredients: [8 ounces spaghetti, 2 cups grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 2 jalapenos, stemmed, seeded, and halved lengthwise, 4 cloves garlic, left whole, 12 yellow onion, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, plus more as needed, 2 cups 8 ounces shredded cheddar cheese, 2 cups 8 ounces shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnishing, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, Salt and black pepper, 4 cups shredded cooked chicken], title: Chicken Spaghetti, picturelink: mDJF3mdyJtA7Ke0CJp0p3zLJOSYfq}, 44058: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. In a large skillet, add the shredded chicken, black beans, salsa and 12 cup water. Heat through, salting as desired. At this point, youre ready to build the kidfriendly burritos. Using tongs, transfer about 12 cup of the chicken mix into the center of a tortilla. Top with a small handful of shredded Cheddar, tuck in the sides and roll up to form a burrito. Repeat with another tortilla, 12 cup chicken mix, and Cheddar.nNow, if you want the burritos warm and toasty, just top with more Cheddar and slide them under the broiler for a minute or two, melting the cheese. Top with salsa and serve Now, for you, lets amp up our burrito filling a bitcool So, youll just add the cilantro, red onion, cumin, scallions, chopped jalapeno and a good squeeze of lime juice. You could even add a little more salsa if you want You should want. Toss it all together and heat it through, adding more salt and pepper to taste.nPlace a mound of the filling in the center of 2 more tortillas, and top with shredded Cheddar. Fold in the sides and roll up to form burritos. Top with more Cheddar and broil for a minute or two, for extra awesomeness. This will be a good decision for your life.nCut the remaining lime half into wedges. Slice the burritos in half and garnish with the remaining sliced jalapeno, lime wedges, cilantro leaves, avocado, tomato and a dollop of sour cream Youll never know what hit ya., ingredients: [1 rotisserie chicken, shredded, One 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons salsa, plus more for topping, Salt and pepper, 4 large tortillas, One 8ounce block Cheddar, shredded, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus additional for garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped red onion, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno one half seeded and chopped, the other half thinly sliced, 1 lime, 12 avocado, sliced, 1 chopped Roma tomato, Sour cream, for garnish], title: One Recipe, Two Meals: Chicken Burritos, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 44059: {instructions: In a bowl, season the flour with the salt and pepper blend. Then lightly dust all the veal with the seasoned flour.nNext, in a heavybottomed saute pan over high heat, warm the 2 tablespoons butter until melted. Then add the dredged veal to the butter. Reduce the heat to medium and allow to cook 2 minutes. Then flip and repeat the process. After cooking, remove the veal and place on a plate or tray. Then deglaze the pan with the marsala. Add the mushrooms, garlic and herbs and stir. Finally, add the stock and allow to blend and reduce for 3 minutes. Taste, then season with salt and pepper. Finally, remove the sauce from the stove. Whisk in the remaining butter and pour over the cooked veal and serve., ingredients: [14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon blended salt and pepper, plus more for seasoning, Four 4 to 5ounce portions veal shoulder, tenderized and thin, 2 tablespoons butter plus 14 cup butter or mascarpone, 13 cup marsala wine, 1 cup mushrooms, quartered or sliced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon blended minced fresh thyme and parsley, 1 cup veal stock], title: Veal Marsala, picturelink: NhhxGLhWoKEkrTFI9ewzqBHJ2SMeT.O}, 44060: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 550 degrees F.nStretch the pizza dough and fit it into 2 pizza pans. Combine the mozzarella, Monterey Jack, and Asiago cheeses in a bowl. Evenly distribute the cheese mixture over the crusts. Top the pizza with the Pecorino and drizzle with olive oil. Bake until the crust is brown and the cheese is melted, about 6 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [2 14inch rolled out circles pizza dough, 1 pound mozzarella, shredded, 6 ounces Monterey Jack, shredded, 6 ounces Asiago, shredded, 3 ounces Pecorino Romano, grated, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Four Cheese Pizza, picturelink: null}, 44061: {instructions: First chill a 10ounce martini glass. Then, in a 16ounce pint glass, build the lime and orange with 16 mint leaves. Muddle until mint is aromatic and citrus are juicy. Shake vigorously with fresh ice until shaker is frosted. Add rum, Grand Marnier and simple syrup and then strain into chilled martini glass. Finish with bitters. Float mint leaf on top., ingredients: [1 lime cut into 8 pieces, 12 orange cut into 4 pieces, 16 mint leaves, plus 1 for garnish, 1 oz. Ten Can Rum, 1 oz. Grand Marnier, 12 oz. simple syrup, Two dashes Angostura bitters], title: Grand Mojito Martini, picturelink: null}, 44062: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Slice potatoes as thinly as possible across length. We like to use a mandoline, although a food processor fitted with a 2millimeter slicing blade will do just fine. Place potatoes in a large bowl, and rinse under cold running water, until water runs clear, about 5 minutes. Drain and pat dry with paper towels.nCombine potatoes with butter, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Toss to coat.nArrange potato slices in 2 or 3 layers on a medium jelly roll pan or baking sheet. Bake 30 to 35 minutes, until the edges are golden brown. Tip pan to drain off excess butter, cut into wedges, and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 large baking potatoes, peeled, 34 cup clarified butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 44063: {instructions: Using a meat mallet, pound veal pieces into 14inch thick, roundish pieces about 6 to 8 inches across. Lay a slice of prosciutto over each piece of veal and place 2 sage leaves on one half of each slice. Fold each piece of veal in half to form a half moonshaped sandwich and secure with a toothpick. Season each with salt and pepper and dredge in flour. Shake to remove excess flour. In a 12inch saute pan, heat oil until smoking. Place veal in pan and cook until golden brown on one side, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove veal pieces from pan and set aside. Add the onion and cook until translucent and soft, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add wine and stock and bring to a boil. Return veal pieces to pan, brown side up. Cook until wine is reduced to 14 cup. Add remaining olive oil and gently agitate pan until oil and liquids emulsify. Remove veal and place one piece on each of four warmed dinner plates. Add parsley to pan, stir through sauce, season sauce wtih salt and pepper to taste, pour sauce over veal pieces and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 slices veal loin, 5 ounces each, 4 slices Prosciutto di Parma, 8 sage leaves, blanched and refreshed, Salt and pepper, 6 tablespoons Wondra flour, 5 tablespoons plus 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 14 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup sweet Marsala wine, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 bunch parsley, finely chopped to yield 14 cup], title: Lupa Saltimbocca, picturelink: null}, 44064: {instructions: Special equipment: Two 24cup minimuffin tinsnIn a medium bowl, mix together the strawberries, sugar, vanilla and salt. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, whip the cream and mascarpone together until stiff peaks form. Gently fold in the cookies and berries with any collected juices. Leave a few streaks if desired.nSpoon the mixture into the mini wonton cups and top with more crushed cookies and chopped strawberries if desired.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray two minimuffin tins with cooking spray.nBrush the wonton wrappers all over with oil. Place each in a muffintin cup and gently press down so that it forms a cup. The wrapper will be slightly pleated and stick up out of the cup. Sprinkle with the sugar and bake until golden brown and crispy, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the wrappers from the tin and let cool., ingredients: [2 cups strawberries, chopped into bitesize pieces, plus more for topping, optional, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup mascarpone, 34 cup crushed meringue cookies, plus more for topping, optional, Mini Wonton Cups, recipe follows, Cooking spray, 36 wonton wrappers, thawed if frozen, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 teaspoons sugar], title: Eton Mess Cups, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 44065: {instructions: In a bowl, combine chardonnay, red onion, lemon juice, chopped parsley, garlic salt, brown sugar, olive oil, Worcestershire, pepper, rosemary, bay leaf, basil and garlic. Allow marinade to sit for at least 1 hour before use or 24 hours for more flavor. Place chicken in a sealable container and pour the marinade over, turning to coat the meat with the sauce. Refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours.nOn the SolaReflex 900, use a low black 3 quart pan with a clear glass lid that has a removable knob. You can also use a toaster oven size grill with drip pan inside our optional Clear box oven. Always wear sunglasses when solar cooking. Consider the focal point hot spot the same as an open flame, so use the same common sense and caution. When in direct alignment with the sun, it will reach over 900 degrees F, but normal cooking temperature with the diffused hot spot directed on your pan will heat in the 350 to 500 degree F range, depending on sun angle and sky conditions.nCenter the cooking container on the support stand, then standing behind your cooking reflector, turn the SolaReflex 900 towards the sun and direct the reflected bright hot spot down to the support stand and center it on right 23 of the meat. The hot spot will track right to left as sun moves, so realign the 900 to the same starting position in 25 to 30 minutes, or when the hot spot falls on the left 23s of your meat. Reduce heating levels by moving the pot closer to the reflector, which makes a larger hot spot. The smaller the hot spot, the higher the heat level.nPush a probe thermometer through the hole left by the vacant knob, into the bottom of the thickest part of the meat. Normal cooking time on sunny days will be about 45 to 60 minutes, depending how done you prefer. Bright sunny days provide the fastest cooking between 9 am and 2 pm. Partial clouds will slow cooking times and lower temps, so confirm doneness with the thermometer.nIf the meat starts browning too much on top, open the lid and turn the meat only once to brown the other side., ingredients: [12 cup chardonnay, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leves, 1 tablespoon garlic salt, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 4 leaves chopped fresh basil, or 1 teaspoon dried, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 pounds bonein chicken breasts], title: SolaReflex Southwestern Chardonnay BBQ Chicken, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 44066: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 to 14inch wide straightsided skillet with a tightfitting lidnBring a medium pot of water to a boil and season generously with salt. Add the fava beans and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the beans to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Peel off the black eyelets from the beans shells. Squeeze and pop the beans from their shells. Transfer the beans to a bowl.nAdd the asparagus and peas to the water and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the vegetables to the ice water to stop the cooking and drain. Transfer the vegetables to the bowl of beans.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nRub the inside of the skillet with the 1 teaspoon of butter and sprinkle with the shallots. Generously season the fish all over with the salt and pepper, and arrange the fillets, skinside up, in the skillet. Scatter the mussels over the top and pour in the vermouth and water. Cover the skillet and bring to a boil. Turn the heat to low and cook until the mussels have open only uncover the skillet once or twice. Remove the skillet from the heat and let rest, covered, until the fish is just cooked through, about 6 to 10 minutes.nTransfer the fish and mussels to a baking pan, leaving the broth in the skillet, and keep warm in the oven. Meanwhile, bring the broth to a boil, add the vegetables and whisk in the 4 tablespoons of butter, little by little, until fully incorporated. Whisk in the herbs.nDivide the fish and mussels among 4 wide, shallow soup plates or bowls. Divide the broth and vegetables among the plates and serve immediately., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 34 cup fresh fava beans, 1 cup slicedonthediagonal asparagus, 12 shelled peas, 1 teaspoon plus 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 4 6ounce skinon black sea bass fillets snapper or sole may also be used, Freshly ground black pepper, 24 mussels, washed and debearded, 34 cup dry white vermouth, 12 cup water, 1 sprig fresh tarragon, leaves picked and chopped, 1 teaspoon finely sliced fresh chives, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon finely chopped fresh dill], title: Black Sea Bass and Mussels a la Nage, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 44067: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 44068: {instructions: For the chiffon cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray and line with parchment paper.nSift together the flour and baking powder into a large mixing bowl. Add 1 cup sugar and the salt and whisk to combine.nIn a separate mixing bowl, whisk together the oil, egg yolks, 13 cup water, almond extract, and lemon zest. Make a well in the middle of the flour, add the wet mixture, and then whisk quickly until very smooth, about 1 minute.nPlace the egg whites in a large mixing bowl. Using a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat on medium speed until froth forms. Add the cream of tartar and beat on mediumhigh speed until the whites hold soft peaks. Slowly add the remaining 3 tablespoons sugar and beat on medium speed until the whites hold firm, shiny peaks.nUsing a rubber spatula, scoop about 13 of the whites onto the batter and fold in gently to lighten the batter. Gently fold in the remaining whites just until combined.nPour the batter into the prepared pan, smoothing the top with an offset spatula. Bake until set to the touch, 20 to 30 minutes.nFor the coffee syrup: In a saucepan, add the brewed coffee and sugar and place over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil and let cool.nFor the tiramisu filling: Place the cream cheese, heavy cream, confectioners sugar, and vanilla extract in a large mixing bowl. Mix until well incorporated.nFor the whipped cream: In a mixing bowl, whip the cream and sugar together until light and fluffy.nTo assemble the cakes: Cut out individual cakes with large 3inch cookie cutter rounds. Brush each cake layer with coffee syrup. Stack 2 to 3 cakes on top of each other and pipe tiramisu filling in between each of the layers. Garnish with a dusting of unsweetened cocoa powder and a dusting of powdered sugar, grated chocolate shavings or chocolate chips, and the sweetened whipped cream., ingredients: [4 cups about 12 of a 12ounce bag dry coleslaw mix, 4 ounces cooked and chopped readytoeat shrimp, 12 cup canned sliced water chestnuts, drained and cut into strips, 14 cup bean sprouts, chopped, 2 scallions, chopped, 1 stalk celery, thinly sliced widthwise, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium or lite soy sauce, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon salt, Dash black pepper, 6 large square egg roll wrappers, Sweet and sour sauce, for optional dipping], title: Shrimpylicious Egg Rolls, picturelink: S2lkkguzhmhSA1y9q4WJMKTZm.CIXm}, 44069: {instructions: Place a pizza stone on the floor or the lowest rack of your oven. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPat the pizza dough into a 12inch diameter circle and place it on a peel. Spread on the heavy cream, then the mozzarella. Place the ham slices on evenly and scatter the onions over the top. Sprinkle the lemon juice over everything. Slide onto the stone and bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Cover the pizza with the baby arugula and grind on some black pepper.nBuon Appetito, ingredients: [7 ounces pizza dough, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 ounces mozzarella knots, shredded, 6 thin slices ham, 14 small onion, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup loosely packed baby arugula, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Lemon Pizza, picturelink: null}, 44070: {}, 44071: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the chickpeas, tahini, salt, salt, garlic, 34 cup water and 5 tablespoons of the lemon juice in a food processor and process until smooth and pureed. While the motor is running, pour in the oil and process until fully incorporated. Season with pepper. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate for 6 hours to let the flavors to come together.nJust before serving, stir in the parsley and remaining 2 teaspoons lemon juice. Drizzle with oil and serve with flatbreads and olives. The hummus will keep in the refrigerator for up to 2 days., ingredients: [One 15ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 12 cup tahini, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, 5 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons freshlysqueezed lemon juice, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, Serving suggestions: Assorted flatbreads and brinecured olives], title: Classic Hummus, picturelink: yzoGFtss7LumqiPKJu3Uc2iIYWSzT2}, 44072: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill pan or outdoor grill to high heat.nPeel up the taters and cut them into small chunks. Place potatoes in a pot and cover with cold water. Cover the pot and bring up to a boil over high heat. Uncover, add salt to season up the potatoes and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.nIn a small pot over medium low heat and add vegetable oil, about 1 tablespoon u2013 just eyeball it. Add 2 tablespoons butter in small pieces. When butter melts into oil, add 4 cloves of chopped garlic. Saute garlic 1 to 2 minutes, then add scallions and remove pan from heat and reserve.nHeat a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat.nIn a large bowl, combine balsamic vinegar, Worcestershire, crushed red pepper flakes, rosemary then whisk in about 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it. Turn portobello caps in marinade and transfer to a plate to reserve. Add chicken thighs to remaining marinade and coat evenly. Season 1 side of the chicken thighs, as well as the reserved mushroom caps with salt and pepper then transfer just the thighs to hot grill, seasoned side down. Season the opposite side of the chicken thighs and grill for 6 minutes on each side then transfer to a plate to rest. Add raw marinated mushroom caps to grill and top with a heavy skillet to press down on them as they grill. Cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side until, dark, tender and wellmarked.nWhile chicken thighs and mushrooms cook, add a tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, to hot skillet. Add remaining 2 cloves of garlic, peppers and onions to the skillet season with salt and pepper and cook, tossing frequently, 7 to 8 minutes. Add tomatoes and parsley to the pan and toss to heat through, about 1 minute then remove from heat.nThinly slice rested chicken thigh meat and grilled mushrooms.nDrain potatoes then return them to the hot pot to evaporate some of the water content. Add the reserved garlic and scallion mixture to the potatoes along with the ricotta, 12 cup milk and grated cheese and smash away to combine potatoes with cheeses and milk. Season the supermashers with salt and pepper.nPile up 14 of the potatoes on each plate. Top each pile with 14 of chicken, mushrooms and sauce and serve immediately. Yumo, ingredients: [4 large starchy potatoes, such as Idaho, Salt, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, divided, 4 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 13 palm full, 3 tablespoons fresh rosemary, 4 to 5 sprigs, stripped and leaves chopped, 4 large portobello mushroom caps, wiped clean with damp towel, 1 12 pounds, 6 pieces or 1 package, boneless, skinless chicken thighs, Coarse black pepper, 2 cubanelle Italian light green peppers, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 1 28ounce can or 2 14ounce cans fire roasted diced tomatoes, lightly drained recommended: Muir Glenn brand, Generous handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup milk, eyeball it, 1 cup shredded or grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, 3 generous handfuls], title: Grilled Chicken Thighs Cacciatore with Super Smashed Garlic Potatoes, picturelink: JSoisN80jTStgZ3K3RJg55VzCAOZaC}, 44073: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag a fluted ring cutter or fluted pasta rollernFor the dough: Mound the flour on a clean, dry work surface and make a big hole in the center of the pile. Crack the eggs into the hole along with the extra yolks, olive oil, water and some salt. Using a fork, beat the eggs. Incorporate the flour, a little at a time, into the egg mixture, being careful not to break the well or the egg mixture will run everywhere. When enough flour is incorporated that you can handle the dough, use your hands to combine everything really well. If the mixture is tight and dry, wet your hands a bit. When the mixture is homogeneous, start kneading. Knead until the dough is smooth and supple, anywhere from 8 to15 minutes. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let it rest at room temperature for at least an hour.nFor the ravioli: In a food processor, pulse the peas to make a coarse paste. Mix the pea paste, goat cheese, ParmigianoReggiano and eggs in a large bowl. Sprinkle with salt. Set aside.nWith a rolling pin, roll out the dough into sheets about 14inch thick and 12 inches long, using extra flour as needed to prevent sticking,. Reserve the excess dough for another use. Brush the bottom half of the pasta sheets lightly with water.nFill a disposable pastry bag or a resealable bag with one corner snipped with the pea mixture. Pipe 1inch balls of filling onto the pasta about 1 12inches apart on the bottom half of the pasta sheets. Fold the top half of the pasta sheets over the filling so the top edges meet the bottom edges. Use your index fingers to press around the filling and seal the edges shut. Use a fluted ring cutter or fluted pasta roller to cut out the ravioli. Place the ravioli on a semolinadusted baking sheet.nBring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil. Heat the chicken stock and butter in a large saucepan over medium heat season with salt.nAdd the ravioli to the boiling water and cook until they float to the top, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the ravioli to the sauce and cook, shaking the pan frequently, until the sauce begins to thicken and cling to the pasta, a few minutes. If the sauce seems too thick, add a bit more stock. Place five ravioli on each serving plate, spoon a little extra sauce on top and garnish with pea tendrils, sugar snap peas and mint. Sprinkle with ParmigianoReggiano., ingredients: [3 34 cups allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs plus 2 egg yolks, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons water, Kosher salt, 3 cups frozen peas, thawed, 2 cups goat cheese, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for garnish, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Semolina flour, for dusting, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, Pea tendrils, Sugar snap peas, Chopped fresh mint], title: Pea and Goat Cheese Stuffed Ravioli, picturelink: omk49fkH5HcEOU1WUunijX34dS7yn2q}, 44074: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the pork rack in the marinade and let it marinate it for 3 hours, refrigerated.nRemove the pork from the marinade. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the marinade into 2 portions. Reserve.nIn a saute pan, over high heat, add the olive oil and 1 ounce of butter. Sear pork until golden. Transfer to a preheated 350degree F. oven and roast for 20 minutes, basting with half of the reserved marinade every 5 minutes. Cook until meat thermometer inserted into the rack reads 150 to 160 degrees F. Allow to rest for 10 minutes before slicing into chops.nMeanwhile, in a saucepan, bring the remaining half marinade to a boil and reduce until thickened. Strain. Whisk in 4 ounces of butter. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Reserve.nIn a saute pan, heat the remaining 1ounce of olive oil. Saute the smoked bacon and garlic until golden. Add 4 ounces of butter and when melted, add the mustard greens. Season with salt and pepper. Deglaze with 6 ounces of chicken stock. Cover and cook for about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Reserve.nIn another saute pan, heat the remaining 3 ounces of butter and melt. Add turnips and saute to golden brown. Add 6 ounces of chicken stock and 1 tablespoon of sugar. Braise until al dente. Season with salt and pepper. Reserve.nIn the center of 4 plates, make a small mound with the mustard greens. Place pork chops against the greens. Place turnips around the greens and pork chops, and lightly ladle over the reserved pomegranate sauce. Serve immediately.nPrepare the pomegranate marinade. In a saute pan, heat the oil. Add the chilies and cook for 15 seconds. Transfer to a deep casserole, and add the garlic, ginger, green onions, pomegranate juice, rice wine vinegar, pepper, tamarind paste, brown sugar, coriander, and mushroom soy sauce., ingredients: [1 8rib pork rack, Frenched, Pomegranate Marinade, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces olive oil, 12 ounces unsalted butter, 2 ounces thick sliced smoked bacon, cut into big cubes, 2 whole, unpeeled heads garlic, split in half horizontally, 2 pounds mustard greens, washed, trimmed, cut into 3inch squares, 12 ounces chicken stock, 1 pound baby turnips, trimmed, peeled, cut into quarters, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 ounces peanut oil, 4 dried red chiles, 4 ounces garlic, chopped, 4 ounces ginger, sliced, 1 bunch green onions, chopped, 2 cups pomegranate juice, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 6 ounces tamarind paste, 4 ounces brown sugar, 2 tablespoons coriander, toasted, crushed, 2 ounces mushroom soy sauce], title: Roasted DoubleCut Pork Chop Marinated in Pomegranate with Braised Mustard Greens and Turnips, picturelink: VF3TKYGSgHJ0uFtudMgVSw90cWEnXm}, 44075: {instructions: Make the filling: Beat the cream cheese and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth and fluffy, about3 minutes. Add 1 egg and beat until incorporated set aside. Butter 2 baking sheets. Lay out a large piece of parchment paper and dust with flour. Cut the dough in half. Place 1 piece on the parchment and roll into a 16by6inch rectangle. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon breadcrumbs, then spread half of the cream cheese filling over the dough, leaving a 1inch border on all sides. Sprinkle 12 cup raspberries lengthwise down the middle. Use the parchment to lift the dough and roll it around the filling into a 16inch log. Transfer the log to one of the prepared baking sheets, seamside down, and form into a wreath, pinching the ends together to seal. Repeat to form a second wreath. Cover the wreaths loosely with buttered plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour, 30 minutes. Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Uncover the wreaths. Use kitchen shears to cut long vents crosswise into the tops of the wreaths at 1inch intervals, using your fingers to gently separate the dough at each cut. Beat the remaining egg with 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl brush the tops of the wreaths with the egg wash. Transfer to the oven and bake until golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes, switching the position of the baking sheets halfway through. Let cool to room temperature on the baking sheets. Dust with confectioners sugar before serving.nWarm 12 cup water and the milk in a saucepan over low heat until a thermometer registers 100 degrees F to 110 degrees F. Remove from the heat and sprinkle the yeast on top, then sprinkle with a pinch of the sugar set aside, undisturbed, until foamy, about 5 minutes.nWhisk the melted butter, egg yolk and vanilla into the yeast mixture until combined. In a large bowl, whisk the flour, the remaining sugar, the salt and nutmeg. Make a well in the center, then add the yeast mixture and stir with a wooden spoon to make a thick and slightly sticky dough. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until soft and elastic, about 6 minutes. Shape into a ball.nBrush a large bowl with butter. Add the dough, turning to coat lightly with the butter. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature until the dough is doubled in size, about 1 hour, 15 minutes.nTurn the dough out of the bowl and knead briefly to release excess air reform into a ball and return to the bowl. Lightly butter a large piece of plastic wrap and lay it directly on the surface of the dough. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, Unsalted butter, softened, for the baking sheets and plastic wrap, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 batch Basic SweetRoll Dough, without nutmeg, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs, 1 cup raspberries, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 12 cup whole milk, 1 14 ounce packet active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 14 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, plus more for brushing, 1 large egg yolk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg optional], title: Raspberry Danish Wreaths, picturelink: t9jBvOfEzq4mS5vOnnZMPqphcVojHue}, 44076: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 425u00b0F.n2. Cut tips off wings cut wings in half at joint. Combine cayenne pepper sauce, Spread and ground cayenne pepper in bowl. Stir in wings until coated.n3. Arrange wings in roasting pan or bottom of broiler pan, without the rack. Bake 1 hour or until wings are thoroughly cooked and crisp. Serve with 12 cup of your favorite Dressing.nUse more or less as desirednAlso terrific with WishBoneu00ae Light or Fat Free Chunky Blue Cheese Dressing., ingredients: [2 lbs. chicken wings, 23 cup cayenne pepper sauce, 13 cup I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread, melted, 1 u00bd tsp. ground cayenne pepper, 12 cup WishBoneu00ae Chunky Blue Cheese Dressing or your favorite WishBone creamy dressing, such as Buffalo Blue Cheese, Chunky Blue Cheese, or Ranch], title: Buffalo Blue Snappy Chicken Wings, picturelink: XWFFwjdiKHcwTtd0vVkFhVhPKzlkuMq}, 44077: {instructions: Heat a large braising pot over high heat. Add the oil and the onions, and saute for 2 minutes. Then, add the red peppers and saute 2 minutes more.nThen, add curry powder, and saute until fragrant. Add the garlic, ginger, a little salt and pepper to the saute.nAdd the pumpkins, chickpeas, chayote, potatoes, carrots, thyme, and scallions, and stir the saute for about 6 minutes. Add enough vegetable stock to just cover the vegetables. Bring to a simmer, and then add the cauliflower and cover the pot.nSimmer for about 35 minutes. Then add Cheryls Hot Sauce, salt, and pepper, to taste. Simmer for 5 minutes more.nTo a blender, add peppers and 1 cup of vinegar and puree. Add remaining vinegar, if needed. Stir in pimento seeds. Store in a bottle or jar in refrigerator.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups diced onions, 1 red pepper, diced, 6 tablespoons Jamaican or Madras curry powder, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups large diced pumpkin, 1 12.5ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 2 chayote, peeled, and roughly chopped, 2 cups large dice Yukon gold potatoes, 2 cups diced carrots, 6 sprigs thyme, 1 cup chopped scallions, Vegetable stock, to cover, 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets, Cheryls Hot Sauce, to taste, recipe follows, 10 whole Scotch bonnet peppers, rinsed and stems removed, 1 to 1 12 cups white vinegar, 10 whole pimento seeds], title: Curried Vegetable Stew, picturelink: null}, 44078: {instructions: Prepare a charcoal grill by lighting charcoal and letting it burn until it glows bright orange, ashes over, and is very hot. Brush the grill grate generously with oil.nMeanwhile, put the ostrich meat in a mixing bowl, sprinkle generously with salt and pepper, and form into 4 equalsize patties about 34inch thick. Grill the burgers, turning once, until mediumrare, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and let stand for 5 minutes.nSpread 1 tablespoon of the yogurt on each of 4 muffin halves, and 1 tablespoon mustard on each of the remaining muffin halves. Place the burgers on the mustardcoated muffins top each with a slice of tomato, lettuce, and a generous pile of pickles. Top with the yogurtcoated muffins and serve immediately.nPrepare a hot fire in a charcoal grill or preheat a gas grill to high.nPut the cucumbers, cutside down, on the hot grill and cook, without turning, until grill marks appear and the cucumbers have softened slightly, 2 to 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the honey, vinegar, 13 cup water, the pickling spices, turmeric, chili flakes and garlic in a small bowl, glass jar or pie plate. Transfer the hot cucumbers to the pickling liquid, being sure they are completely submerged. Let stand for at least 15 minutes before draining and slicing crosswise. Pickles can be served immediately, or sliced and stored in the pickling liquid in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [Olive or vegetable oil, for grilling, 2 pounds ground ostrich meat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large sandwichsize wholegrain or wholewheat English muffins, split, 14 cup lowfat Greek yogurt, 14 cup whiskeyflavored wholegrain Dijon mustard or your favorite Dijon, 4 slices beefsteak tomato, 4 leaves butter lettuce, Grilled Bread and Butter Pickles, for serving, recipe follows, 3 pickling cucumbers, halved lengthwise, 13 cup honey, 13 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon pickling spices, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, Pinch red chili flakes, 1 large clove garlic, smashed], title: Lean and Mean Ostrich Burgers with Grilled Bread and Butter Pickles, picturelink: null}, 44079: {instructions: In a resealable plastic bag combine onions, garlic, lemon juice, beer, vinegar and chili seasoning. Massage the back to mix the ingredients. Place the steak into the bag, squeeze the air out and seal. Marinate in refrigerator for at least 4 hours, or overnight but no more than 18 hours.nSet up grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Oil grate when ready to start grilling. Let steaks stand at room temperature for 20 to 30 minutes before grilling. Remove steak from marinade. Place on hot, oiled grill and cook 4 minutes per side for medium rare 145 degrees F. Pour the marinade into a large skillet over medium heat. Reduce by a half or until thickened, about 10 to 15 minutesnTransfer steaks to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes before cutting. Slice steak across the grain and serve with Zesty Rice Salad and reduced marinade.nHeat oil over medium heat in a medium sauce pot. Add garlic, and rice and saute for 2 minutes until rice is toasted. Add 2 14 cups water, chili seasoning and season with a pinch of salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove to a baking sheet and let cool.nIn a large bowl combine onion, yellow pepper, cooled rice, beans, vinegar and cilantro. Mix well and serve with steak.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [12 medium red onion, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 12ounce bottle or can beer, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons chili seasoning, 1 12 pounds top round steak, Oil, for grate, Zesty Rice Salad, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 12 cups longgrain white rice, 2 14 cups water, 1 tablespoon chili seasoning, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 medium red onion, diced, 1 yellow pepper, diced, 1 14.5ounce can red beans, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Steak Cerveza, picturelink: vj1ozdwY2.KD7HvR5Yaj514gxDO36K}, 44080: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLight several chimney starters filled with charcoal and let burn until the briquettes are covered with gray ash. Put the charcoal in the center of the bottom of a large kettle grill, place the grate on and cover the grill. Let heat for at least 30 minutes before cooking.nBrush the chicken with some of the canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the chicken skinside down on the cooler part of the grill the outer rim, to cook indirectly and slowly, and put the lid on. Cook the chicken until golden brown on both sides and almost completely cooked through, about 12 minutes for breasts and 15 minutes for thighs and wings. Remove to a sheet pan. Cut the breasts into 3 or 4 pieces.nCombine the chicken stock and saffron in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer, either on the hot part of the grill or on a burner. Add the clams, cover and cook until the clams open, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the clams to a bowl. Add the mussels to the broth, cover and cook until the mussels open, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Discard any shellfish that dont open.nBrush the shrimp, the cut sides of the lobsters, scallops, and cut sides of the lemons with some of the oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper on all sides. Grill the shrimp for about 1 minute per side. Grill the lobster cutside down until charred and just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove the claws and the tails but leave the shells on discard the bodies. Grill the scallops until slightly charred and almost cooked through, about 1 minute per side. Grill the lemon cutside down until charred, about 45 seconds. Remove all ingredients to sheet pans.nHeat 3 tablespoons canola oil in a large paella pan over direct heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the chorizo and cook, stirring occasionally, until brown and crisp, about 5 minutes.nAdd the rice and cook, stirring constantly, for a few minutes. Begin adding the stock 1 cup at a time and cook, stirring constantly, until the rice is al dente, about 25 minutes.nArrange the chicken, clams mussels, shrimp, scallop, peas, lobster and piquillo peppers in the rice. Squeeze the juice from 4 of the lemon halves over the top, and nestle the 4 other halves in the rice. Scatter the parsley over the top. Stir gently to bring some of the rice up from the bottom, and serve., ingredients: [One 3pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 14 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups chicken stock, 1 large pinch saffron, 2 pounds clams, scrubbed, 2 pounds mussels, debearded and scrubbed, 18 colossal shrimp, tails on, peeled and deveined, Two 2pound lobsters, parcooked in salted boiling water for about 12 minutes, drained well and halved lengthwise, 15 sea scallops, patted dry, 4 lemons, halved, 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 cups short grain paella rice, 1 pound Spanish chorizo a cross between hard and soft, thinly sliced, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 1 jar piquillo peppers, chopped or thinly sliced 6 or 8 peppers, 1 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Paella on the Grill, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 44081: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, whisk the yolk together with the salt, pepper, mustard, and lemon juice. Add the olive oil in a thin stream, very slowly at first, whisking constantly. Keep whisking until all the olive oil is completely absorbed. Whisk in the boiling water to stabilize the mayonnaise. In another bowl mash together the avocado and the lime juice. Stir the avocado, onion, and parsley into the mayonnaise and cover. If not using right away, refrigerate for up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 large egg yolk, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 34 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon boiling water, 1 avocado, peeled and pitted, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 small red onion, minced, 12 bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves only coarsely chopped], title: Avocado Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 44082: {instructions: For the cornbread stuffing: Heat the andouille in a skillet or saute pan over low heat until the fat is rendered it will separate and become liquid in the pan. Drain the liquid and set it aside in a small bowl to cool you will use this to bind the stuffing. Set aside the andouille. In a separate saute pan, add the butter, onion, bell pepper, celery, garlic and green onion and sweat over medium heat until the color begins to come out, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool.nCrumble the cornbread into a mixing bowl. Add the andouille and crumble it together with the cornbread until large crumbs form. Add the reserved rendered fat and the onion mixture and gently fold them into the cornbread mixture. Set aside.nFor the chicken: Grease a baking sheet with the oil. Grill the chicken in a grill pan or on an outdoor grill on mediumhigh heat until cooked throughout, about 8 minutes per side.nPreheat the broiler to high. Scoop enough of the cornbread stuffing to cover the breast and press it down onto the top of the chicken. Place the chicken on the prepared baking sheet and broil until the stuffing browns, 4 to 5 minutes.nFor the smoked Gouda sauce: Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook to just release the flavor, no more than 2 minutes. Add the heavy cream and bring to a boil, then add the Gouda and Parmesan and stir to thicken the sauce. Once all the ingredients are melded together, remove from the heat and pour the sauce over the top of the broiled chicken and cornbread stuffing., ingredients: [2 ounces ground andouille sausage, casings removed, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 ounce yellow onion, brunoise, 12 ounce green bell peppers, brunoise, 12 ounce celery, brunoise, 14 ounce minced garlic from 1 to 2 cloves, 14 ounce green onion, diced, 4 ounces homemade or storebought cornbread, 12 tablespoon olive oil, One 8ounce boneless skinless chicken breast,, 12 ounce unsalted butter, 1 ounce minced garlic about 2 cloves, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 ounce grated smoked Gouda, 12 ounce grated Parmesan], title: Harry Ts Stuffed Chicken, picturelink: null}, 44083: {instructions: Reduce the orange juice until thick and bubbly, to a syrup. Cool and reserve.nSection grapefruit by removing the peel and pith with a knife, and then cutting between the membranes. Squeeze the remaining grapefruit for its juice reserve juice.nWhisk together 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice, 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice, and the reduced orange juice. Whisk in 3 ounces of the oil to make an emulsified vinaigrette. Adjust seasoning. Mix together the remaining lemon juice, 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice and the remaining oil to make a loose vinaigrette. Adjust seasoning.nToss the chicories with the emulsified vinaigrette, season, and divide among 4 cold plates.nToss the grapefruit sections, sunchokes, artichokes, and chives with the loose vinaigrette, season and place on top of the chicories.nDrizzle the plates with the remaining vinaigrette and serve., ingredients: [4 ounces orange juice, 1 grapefruit, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 5 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 1 6 to 7 ounce sunchokes Jerusalem artichokes, peeled and thinly sliced, 4 large artichokes, cleaned with stems and chokes removed, hearts sliced very thin, 1 ounce mixed chicories frisee, radicchio, endive, cut into small pieces, 1 teaspoon chopped chives], title: Salad of Shaved Artichokes and Sunchokes with Grapefruit and Chicories, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 44084: {instructions: Make the bacon marmalade: In a medium saute pan over mediumhigh, heat the olive oil and add the onions. Saute until the onions are well caramelized, 8 to 9 minutes, then remove from the pan and set aside. Add the bacon to the same pan and cook until browned and crispy, 7 to 8 minutes. Drain the bacon grease off and then add the brown sugar, maple syrup and cayenne pepper to pan. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer until the jam has thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Return the onions to the pan, remove from the heat and allow to cool.nMake the marrow and toast: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the bones cutside up on a large baking tray. Sprinkle the bones with garlic, thyme, lemon zest and salt. Roast the bones in the center of oven until the marrow is soft and has begun to separate from the bone, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside.nPlace the bread on a baking sheet and drizzle with the olive oil. Bake until golden and crispy, 5 to 7 minutes. Serve the marrow with marmalade and toast., ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, 12 large red onion, minced, 8 ounces applewoodsmoked bacon, cut into 14inch cubes, 14 cup lightbrown sugar, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, Pinch cayenne pepper, 8 large 5inch beef marrow bones, split lengthwise so they resemble canoes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Leaves from 4 sprigs fresh thyme, Zest of 2 Meyer lemons, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 sourdough baguette, sliced 14 inch thick on bias, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Bone Marrow with Bacon Marmalade and Sourdough Toast, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 44085: {instructions: Put 1 pound mixed baby potatoes in a medium pot cover with cold water and season with salt. Bring to a boil cook until tender, 15 minutes. Combine 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon melted butter in a large bowl. Add 1 chopped large heirloom tomato and 1 tablespoon each chopped parsley, chives and basil. Drain the potatoes add to the bowl and toss. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [], title: Herbed Potatoes and Tomatoes, picturelink: 8DdFoAPtXUoqdXUOHyLlLWs8zv8JddW}, 44086: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nScore fat and any skin on pork in a crosshatch pattern. Make slits all over meat with a small sharp knife and insert a garlic sliver in each slit. Pat pork dry and season with salt and pepper.nHeat oil in a 4 to 5quart ovenproof heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown meat on all sides, turning occasionally with the aid of tongs and a carving fork, about 8 minutes. Transfer pork to a plate.nAdd onions to pot and saute over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until softened and starting to turn golden, about 5 minutes. Add 34 teaspoon salt and saute, stirring occasionally, until onions are golden and caramelized, 8 to 10 minutes more.nStir in cider and return pork to pot. Cover pot with a tightfitting lid and braise pork in middle of oven until very tender, 3 12 hours.nTransfer pork to a serving dish with the aid of tongs and carving fork. Boil cooking juices with onions until mixture is reduced to about 2 cups, 2 to 3 minutes, then season with salt and pepper and serve with pork.nNote: Pork can be made 1 day ahead. Cool, uncovered, then chill, covered. Reheat in liquid, covered, at 325 degrees F, for 1 hour., ingredients: [1 8 12pound bonein fresh pork shoulder half preferably arm picnic, 2 garlic cloves, cut into slivers, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds onions 5 or 6 medium, halved lengthwise, then cut lengthwise into 14inchthick slices, 34 cup unfiltered apple cider], title: CiderBraised Pork Shoulder with Caramelized Onions, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 44087: {instructions: Saute the celery in butter on low to medium heat until the celery becomes tender. Add the onion, bell pepper, spices, and garlic. When everything is well blended, turn the heat up to mediumhigh and blend in the flour to form a roux around the vegetables. Cook thoroughly until the roux starts to brown slightly. Add the crawfish stock and heavy cream a little at a time until all of the stock and the cream are added. Finish by adding the crawfish tail meat. Simmer on low heat for approximately 15 minutes.nServe over rice andor French bread and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 bunch celery, medium diced, 14 pound unsalted butter, 12 large onion, medium diced, 2 bell peppers, medium diced, 2 tablespoons Creole seasoning recommended: Tony Chachere, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups crawfish stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 pounds freshly picked, steamed crawfish tail meat, Steamed rice andor French bread, for serving, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Darwells  Crawfish Etouffee, picturelink: null}, 44088: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Combine all ingredients in a large bowl and mix well. Gently mound the meat mixture into a metal 9x5 loaf pan. Top loaf with 4 strips of bacon. Bake for 1 hour and 10 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and let sit for 15 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 12 red bell pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, Salt, Pepper, 2 teaspoon chili powder, optional, 34 cup ketchup or tomato sauce, 2 tablespoon mustard, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 4 slices bacon], title: Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 44089: {instructions: In the bottom of a mixing bowl combine the olive oil, vinegar and Dijon mustard and season well with salt and pepper. Add the beans, peppers and red onion. Toss, adjust seasoning and chill until serving time.nRight before serving add the zucchini and herbs so they dont discolor., ingredients: [12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup each cooked small red or pink kidney beans, white beans and chick peas, chilled, 1 each red and yellow bell pepper, seeded and finely diced, 14 cup finely sliced red onion, 1 zucchini, ends trimmed, seeded, sliced and steamed, cooled and dried, 2 tablespoons each chopped fresh basil, dill, parsley and mint], title: Three Bean Salad for the 90s, picturelink: null}, 44090: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oil to 365 degrees F. A deepfryer is best, but if using a stove top method, fill a cast iron Dutch oven or heavy chicken fryer with oil about 4 inches deep.nRoll dough out and cut it in half. Stir the oregano and basil into the pizza sauce. Slice the pepperoni. Spread half of the pizza sauce on half of each side, of the dough, add the cheese and pepperoni, distributing evenly. Apply a thin line of the water to the edge of the dough and fold each over onto itself and press to seal.nCheck the oil temperature and carefully add the pizza pockets. Cook for 2 minutes, turn over and cook for 1 minute more. Remove to a paper towel lined plate. Transfer the pizza to serving plates and garnish with remaining pizza sauce, Parmesan and fresh basil leaves.nCombine all the dry ingredients in bowl of food processor or stand mixer. Or if by hand, combine in a medium bowl. Add the warm water to small glass bowl. Sprinkle the yeast over and let it sit for 10 to 15 minutes. Add oil and yeast mixture to dry ingredients and depending on method using, combine until a dough ball forms. For food processor, pulse on dough setting until dough is smooth and elastic. For stand mixer, slow speed until dough is smooth and elastic. For hand method, knead on lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic. Form the dough into a ball. Lightly oil a large bowl, add the dough ball to it, cover tightly with plastic wrap or a wellfloured tea towel, and set in a warm place or a 100 degree F oven until doubled, about 1 hour.nPunch down, and let rest for 5 minutes. Divide the dough in half for 2 large pizzas or into 4 equal pieces for calzones or small individual pizzas. Roll the dough into 14inch thick rounds. Cooks Note: Can be made ahead and also freezes well., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying amount determined by vessel used, 1 recipe Perfect Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 cup pizza sauce, 2 ounces whole pepperoni, 4 ounces mozzarella cheese, coarsely shredded, 1 teaspoon water, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 8 fresh basil leaves, for garnish, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for bowl, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 1 cup warm water 110 to 115 degrees F], title: Crispy DeepFried Pizza, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 44091: {instructions: Special equipment: Long wooden skewersnHeat the oil in a deep, heavy pan or deepfat fryer to 350 degrees F.nWhisk the dry ingredients together. Add the egg and half the milk and whisk well to combine. Add more milk as needed until the batter is thick but still pourable.nStick whatever ingredients you decide to use onto long skewers. Use your imagination to find other interesting variations. Coat the ingredients in flour and then dip into the batter. Make sure to get it completely coated. Immediately and carefully, lower it into the hot oil. Fry, in batches, until they are light brown, about 3 minutes. Let drain on paper towels and serve while still warm., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for coating, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 large egg, 12 cup milk, Gherkins, Baby corn, Shrimp, peeled and deveined, Mushrooms, Apple slices, Pineapple chunks, Hardboiled eggs], title: Corn Dog Variations, picturelink: u3fq93aTiY4qA..qjdUu4kPYK8a8lzm}, 44092: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nSlowly cook the grits in boiling water for 20 minutes. If you use instant grits, do not cook 20 minutes. Cook according to package directions. Add the butter, cheese, salt, Tabasco, eggs and Worcestershire sauce. Pour into a buttered casserole.nBake for 1 to 1 12 hours or until puffed, golden, and set in the middle., ingredients: [1 12 cups grits, 6 cups boiling water, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 6 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, grated, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 14 teaspoon Tabasco, 4 eggs, well beaten, Worcestershire sauce, to taste, 1 teaspoon black pepper], title: Souffle of Grits, picturelink: null}, 44093: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350F. Place pistachios on a baking sheet and toast until fragrant, about 15 minutes. Cool completely, coarsely chop. Increase oven heat to 375F. Lightly grease or butter a baking sheet and dust with flour, tapping out excess, or spray with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, sift together flour, baking soda and salt. Add sugar, chopped nuts, cranberries and crystallized ginger, if using. Stir to combine. In a small bowl, beat together egg yolk and eggs with an electric mixer. Stir in vanilla and orange zest. Pour egg mixture into flour mixture and mix with electric mixer on low speed until just combined. The dough will be stiff.nTurn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and divide into thirds. Shape dough into three 18inch long, 12inch thick logs. Arrange logs on prepared baking sheet several inches apart and brush lightly with lightly beaten reserved egg white. Bake for 20 minutes.nRemove from oven and let cool slightly on baking sheet. Reduce oven heat to 225F. While still warm, cut logs into diagonal slices about a half inch wide. Lay slices cutside down on baking sheet and return to oven. Bake until crisp and brown, 2030 minutes., ingredients: [12cup whole shelled pistachios, butter or nonstick cooking spray, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting baking sheet, 1 tsp. baking soda, pinch salt, 12cup packed light brown sugar, 13cup dried cranberries, 2 Tbs. crystallized ginger, finely chopped, optional, 2 large eggs, 1 egg yolk, 1 egg white, beaten, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 12 tsp. finely grated orange zest], title: Gingered CranberryPistachio Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 44094: {instructions: Trim stalks flush with fennel bulb and cut each bulb lengthwise into quarters, or halves, if using small bulbs.nIn a heavy saucepan large enough to hold the fennel flat in one layer, melt 1 tablespoon butter over moderate heat. Add fennel garlic, thyme, and toss to coat with butter. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add wine, if using, and chicken stock. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer and cover. Braise for 15 to 20 minutes, or until vegetables are tender. Stir in remaining tablespoon butter and salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 large fennel bulb or 2 small bulbs, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 small clove garlic, whole, 12 teaspoon thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup dry white wine, optional, Water andor chicken stock, to cover], title: Braised Fennel, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 44095: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBegin by preparing the Koreanstyle glaze. Combine the glaze ingredients and simmer gently over low heat for approximately 3 minutes, or until the sugar has dissolved.nSeason both sides of the filet mignon generously with salt and pepper. In a large heavy, ovenproof skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Place the steaks in the hot pan and cook until well seared on 1 side, about 3 minutes. Turn the steaks over there should be a nice crust on top. Then transfer the pan to the oven. Roast for 10 to 12 minutes until the steaks are cooked mediumrare add 4 more minutes for medium. With 1 minute to go, brush steaks with the glaze.nWhen done remove the steaks and brush again with remaining glaze. Transfer to a platter and cover loosely to let rest for 5 minutes and keep warm., ingredients: [12 cup turbinado raw sugar, 1 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Sriracha hot sauce, 2 tablespoons dark sesame oil, 2 5ounce filet mignon steaks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: KoreanStyle Filet Mignon, picturelink: f8AQtIQHVYcBiAuWWaTaUWEs9lEfiEe}, 44096: {instructions: In a large trifle bowl or other clear glass bowl, put the strawberries, bananas, biscotti, cake, and whipped cream in random layers. Drizzle the dulce de leche and chocolate sauce between layers, saving a generous portion of each for the top. Scoop out and serve in individual bowls.nTo make dulce de leche: Put a can of sweetened condensed milk in a pot and cover with water. Bring the water to a simmer and cook for 3 hours, turning the can over every half hour and topping off with more hot water if it evaporates. Turn off the heat and leave the can in the water until it is completely cool., ingredients: [1 quart strawberries, sliced, 2 bananas, sliced, 6 biscotti, crushed, 1 angel food cake, crumbled, 1 24ounce container whipped cream, 1 can dulce de leche, 1 bottle chocolate sauce], title: Dulce de Leche Trifle, picturelink: UQB25gTnscZks9qkqYhqUVqjwqkGCry}, 44097: {instructions: 1. Drink a beer and read the directions.n2. In a large Dutch oven brown the beef with 2 TBL chili powder. Drain the fat, but dont go overboard cause theres lots of flavor in there. Add two beers, the rest of the chili powder, oregano, cumin, paprika and get it to start to boil. Simmer for an hour.n3. Have a beer to reward yourself for all that hard work.n4. Heat up a skillet and caramelize the onions. During the last couple of minutes, add the garlic and saute. Add onion and garlic to the chili along with chipotles, jalapeno, green chiles, red bell pepper, and tomatos. Simmer another 12 hours.n5. Youll want another beer here. Make sure your friends have put on some kickin tunes.n6. Add sugar and vinegar. Whisk together equal parts of Masa Harina and cold water I use about 13 cup each. Bring to a boil and stir until it thickens. Season to taste.n7. Ladle into bowls, top with sour cream and salsa. Serve hot sauce on the side. 8. Open your final beer and enjoy the fruits of your labor. Try not to get a swelled head from all the compliments., ingredients: [1 6pack of Corona beer, chilled, 2 12 lb tritip roast, cut into 12 cubes, 2 12 lb ground chuck, 12 tablespoons dried mexican oregano, 7 tablespoons Gepharts chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 large Vidalia onions, diced, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 12 can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, diced about 45, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced, 1 4oz can diced green chiles, 15oz can crushed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Masa Harina, Salt and pepper to taste, Sour cream, Your favorite salsa], title: SixPack Chili, picturelink: null}, 44098: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line three 8inch round cake pans with foil or parchment paper. Coat bottoms only with nostick cooking spray.nPREPARE brownies as directed on package, using oil, water and egg. Spread batter evenly in prepared pans.nBAKE 15 to 20 minutes. Cool in pan 15 minutes. Remove brownie layers from pans. Cool 30 minutes or until completely cooled. Place layers in freezer 1 to 2 hours for easier handling.nLINE two 8inch round cake pans with foil. Scoop and press ice cream evenly into foillined pans, leveling tops. Freeze until firm.nCOMBINE topping ingredients in small saucepan. Heat over low heat, stirring constantly until mints are melted and sauce is smooth. Let cool.nREMOVE foil from brownie and ice cream layers. Place 1 brownie layer on serving plate. Top with 1 ice cream layer. Repeat with remaining brownie and ice cream layers, ending with brownie layer. Spoon topping over top of torte. Freeze at least 2 hours or until serving time.nCUT 8 mints in half diagonally. Place wedges, cut side down, in spokefashion on top outer edge of torte. Let torte stand at room temperature about 10 minutes to soften slightly before serving.nHigh Altitude above 3500 ft.:nADD 12 cup flour to dry brownie mix. Bake as directed above., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 19.5 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Classic Traditional Fudge Brownie, 12 cup water, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 1 large egg, 8 cups chocolate chip mint ice cream, slightly softened, 20 thin chocolate and green mints, 14 cup halfandhalf, 8 thin chocolate and green mints], title: Fudge Mint Ice Cream Torte, picturelink: null}, 44099: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large heavybottom pot over medium heat until very hot and shimmering. Add the popcorn and immediately cover with a lid. Shake the pot constantly, holding the lid on with a heatproof holder, until the popping starts, about 1 minute. Reduce the heat to medium and continue to shake the pot until the popping slows to just a few per 5 seconds, 1 to 2 minutes more. Remove from the heat and let stand for another minute to allow any last kernels to pop.nSpray a very large bowl with nonstick cooking spray. Put the popcorn in the bowl and remove any unpopped kernels. Add the peanuts. Spray a rubber heatproof spatula with the cooking spray and place next to the bowl.nCombine the brown sugar, butter, corn syrup and salt in a medium saucepan and set over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until melted and the edges of the mixture begin to bubble. Clip a candy thermometer to the pan so the bottom of the thermometer is resting in the sugar syrup but not touching the bottom of the pan. Boil, stirring, until the thermometer registers 300 degrees F the hardcrack stage, about 8 minutes.nTurn off the burner and add the vanilla. Stir brieflyabout 5 secondsbeing careful not to burn yourself as the mixture bubbles up.nImmediately pour the caramel evenly over the popcorn and quickly stir with the prepared rubber spatula until the pieces are mostly separated, about 3 minutes. Pull apart any larger clumps, being careful because the caramel will still be hot in spots. Stir in the apple chips., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 13 cup popcorn kernels, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the bowl and spatula, 1 cup salted cocktail peanuts, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons 3 ounces unsalted butter, 14 cup light corn syrup, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups lightly crushed red andor green apple chips], title: Caramel Apple Monster Munch, picturelink: FL0O8f2kYJsGDKAor.HhNwis8XyNbHW}}