{44100: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground beef, and cook, stirring frequently, until the beef begins to brown, about 4 minutes. Stir in the chili powder and 1 teaspoon salt, and continue cooking until the meat is cooked through, 2 minutes more. Drain off any excess liquid, and add back 2 tablespoons of it. Reduce the heat to low, stir in the ketchup, sugar, vinegar and 12 cup water and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is slightly thickened, about 8 minutes. Stir in the carrots and corn, and cook, partially covered, until the vegetables are tender and heated through, 5 minutes.nScoop some sauce onto 1 half of each slider bun, top with a handful of shredded cabbage and a pickle chip and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound ground beef, 1 tablespoon chili powder, Kosher salt, 34 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 12 cup frozen crinklecut baby carrots, 12 cup frozen baby corn, 8 potato slider buns or 12 mini potato dinner rolls, 1 cup thinly shredded red cabbage, 14 cup dill pickle chips], title: Kids Can Make: Sloppy Joe Sliders, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 44101: {instructions: Special equipment: a large saute pan or a doubleburner griddlenHeat the oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the andouille, celery, red onion and Fresno chile and cook until softened and any liquid is evaporated, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and seafood seasoning. Cook until the garlic is cooked through and the seafood seasoning toasts slightly, about 2 minutes. Add the white wine and cook until the wine is completely reduced, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool completely, about 10 minutes.nBeat the eggs in a large mixing bowl. Add the crabmeat, breadcrumbs and cooled andouille mixture. Toss to combine the mixture should hold together when you squeeze it. Using a 14 cup measure, form the crab mixture into crab cakes using the size of your slider bun as a guide for width. Transfer the formed cakes to a baking sheet. Refrigerate the crab cakes 1 hour.nIn a large saute pan or on a doubleburner griddle, toast the slider buns until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. In the same pan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter. Working in batches, cook the crab cakes until golden brown and crisp on both sides, about 2 minutes per side, adding more butter as needed.nServe each crab cake on a toasted slider bun topped with the Coleslaw.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, sour cream, vinegar, seafood seasoning and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the coleslaw mix and corn and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 6 ounces andouille sausage, minced, 1 cup finely diced celery, 12 cup finely diced red onion, 1 tablespoon finely diced Fresno chile from about 1 small chile, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 12 teaspoons seafood seasoning, 14 cup white wine, 2 large eggs, 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, picked through for shells and broken down into 12inch pieces, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 brioche slider rolls, cut in half, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Coleslaw, recipe follows, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups storebought coleslaw mix red and green cabbage with shredded carrots, 1 cup canned yellow corn, drained], title: CrabBoil Sliders with Homemade Coleslaw, picturelink: tGp51V5As61aw6pxHIqk7vxBgar2BC}, 44102: {instructions: Special equipment: Crock Pot Indoor BBQ PitnTurn Crock Pot to HIGH, insert rack to accommodate ribs. Rinse and pat dry the ribs with a paper towel. Set aside.nIn a bowl, combine all the sauce ingredients and blend well. Reserve 12 for serving.nLiberally coat each side of ribs with sauce. Place ribs in rack and cook for 5 hours or until ribs are very tender and can be easily separated. Brush the ribs with sauce several times during cooking for better flavor.nServe with reserved sauce., ingredients: [2 racks baby back ribs about 1 12 to 2pounds each, 12 teaspoons onion powder, 2 cups ketchup, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup molasses, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons liquid smoke, 12 teaspoons hot pepper sauce], title: BBQ Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: null}, 44103: {instructions: Put the oil, onions, garlic, jalapeno, and spices in a medium skillet, season with salt and cook over medium to mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally until tender, about 10 minutes. Increase the heat to mediumhigh, add the tomatoes and boil to thicken, about 2 minutes. Stir in the turkey and chicken broth, adjust the heat so the mixture simmers and cook until the turkey is cooked through and the mixture thickens but is not dry, about 12 minutes. Stir in cilantro and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and cover.nTo make the taco shells: Pour enough frying oil into a small skillet so its about 34 of an inch deep heat over medium to mediumhigh. Holding 1 edge of a tortilla with tongs, lay the other half in the oil, keeping it flat with a spatula. Cook until crisp, about 30 seconds to 1 minute. Flip the tortilla over and repeat with the other half, holding the first side of the tortilla at an angle to make an open shell, cook for about 1 minute more. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain.nPut the fixings and meat in individual bowls and the taco shells on a platter. Serve, encouraging your diners to build their own tacos, with meat in the shell and the fixings on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons corn oil, 1 medium onion, chopped 1 cup, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 to 1 jalapeno pepper, stemmed, seeded and minced, 1 12 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup chopped canned tomatoes, 34 pound ground turkey, 13 cup chicken broth, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, Oil, for frying, 12 5inch corn tortillas, preferably white, or prepared taco shells, 14 head romaine or iceberg, thinly sliced, 3 ripe medium tomatoes, cored and diced, 1 to 2 Hass avocados, diced, 1 12 cups shredded Cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese, Sour cream, for garnish], title: Turkey Tacos Picadillo, picturelink: YZ71IihwwmANZt61UnhXO9S0CIMqxJ.}, 44104: {instructions: Segment the orange and grapefruit, reserving the unsegmented part of each fruit. Cut jicama, chayote and cucumber into fingersize julienne. Place the segmented oranges and grapefruit in a bowl with other cut veggies, squeeze the lime and unsegmented part over the cut veggies and citrus and toss in the chili and cilantro.nSeason with salt, to taste, and stab each piece with toothpicks., ingredients: [1 jicama, washed and peeled, 1 medium chayote fruit, peeled and washed, 1 orange, peeled and segmented, 1 cucumber, peeled, 1 lime, juiced, 1 pinch chili flakes, to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt, Toothpicks], title: Amazing Fruit Snack, picturelink: null}, 44105: {instructions: Trim mushroom stems. If you are using shiitakes or portobellos and stems are not too tough, separate stems from caps and cut stems into thin slivers. First braise them in broth for 10 minutes before sauteing to tenderize stems. Keep caps whole or coarsely slice. If using cultivated mushrooms, simply trim 14inch off of bottom stem wipe caps with damp cloth of brush and slice coarsely. Heat oil or butter in large wide skillet and saute shallots for a minute. Add mushroom slices or mushroom caps and saute just over high heat until browned. If appropriate, add stems and broth and evaporate over high heat. Season to taste with salt and pepper and add herbs if you wish. To serve spoon over grilled chicken use as base for tortellini soup or pizza topping., ingredients: [1 pound cultivated, shiitake, or portobello mushrooms choose one or several types, 12 cup chicken broth, optional for braising stems, 4 tablespoons olive oil or butter, 14 cup minced shallots, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs like parsley or tarragon, optional], title: Mess of Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 44106: {instructions: In a small saucepan heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the pine nuts, garlic, zest, and thyme, swirl the pan until the nuts and garlic are beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the wild rice and cook stirring with a wooden spoon until lightly toasted, about 3 more minutes. Stir in the chicken broth and salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a rapid simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Check the texture of the rice, and continue simmering until tender, if needed. Add more liquid as needed, another 10 to 15 minutes. Note: The rice should only just begin to crack when done. If it begins to curl it is overcooked. There are numerous varieties of varying qualities, which affect cooking times greatly. Remove from the heat, scatter the scallions over the surface and fluff with a fork, remove the herb sprigs and lemon zest before serving. Season with salt and black pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 long strip lemon zest, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 cup wild rice, preferably whole not broken, 4 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 bunch scallions white and green parts, thinly sliced 34 cup, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Wild Rice Pilaf with Nuts and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 44107: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy large pot over medium heat. Add the onion, carrot, pancetta, minced garlic, salt, and pepper. Cook until the onion is golden brown and the pancetta is crisp, about 7 minutes. Add tomato paste and stir until dissolved. Add tomatoes and stir, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon to release all the brown bits. Add the spinach, beans, herbs, stock, bay leaf, and Parmesan rind. Bring the soup to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nDrizzle the ciabatta halves with olive oil. Toast until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and rub the top of the toasts with the whole garlic clove. Place the toasts in the serving bowls and ladle the soup over the toasts. Sprinkle with Parmesan and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling on bread, 1 onion, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 4 ounces pancetta, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, 1 minced and 1 whole, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 pound frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 1 15ounce can cannelloni beans, drained, 1 tablespoon herbs de Provence, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 bay leaf, 1 3inch piece Parmesan rind, 4 to 6 ciabatta rolls, halved lengthwise or 1 loaf, sliced, Grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Ribollita, picturelink: 6UqENxp5bkS0fVkgSMcauv8fgvQD8aa}, 44108: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine all ingredients, except serving ingredients, in a large bowl and mix until just combined. Moisten hands, and gently form mixture into 1inch meatballs you should have about 25 and place on a baking sheet. Meatballs can be made through this step up to 24 hours ahead and stored covered in the refrigerator let come to room temperature 10 minutes before baking.nBake until meatballs are no longer pink and are cooked through, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, mix together finely chopped cilantro and yogurt, and season with salt, as desired. Meatballs can be cooked through this step up to 30 minutes ahead and kept in a warm oven until ready to serve.nSkewer meatballs with toothpicks and serve with yogurt mixture., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork or beef, 13 cup dry breadcrumbs, 14 cup minced scallions, about 3, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon curry powder, Additional 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro and 1 cup plain Greek yogurt, 12 teaspoon salt, and 1 tablespoon lemon juice, for serving], title: CurryScallion Meatballs with Herbed Yogurt, picturelink: VXAigTBjZ1GJJliczGQLaOtMvaJs2}, 44109: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Rub the tomatoes with the olive oil and place on a baking sheet. Roast for 25 to 30 minutes, or until soft. Remove seeds and dice.nPreheat grill or grill pan. Brush squid with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the squid for 3 minutes on each side. Cut into 2inch pieces. Brush the onions with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side until almost tender.nPlace pepper, garlic and vinegar in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Add the honey and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nAssembly: 1 pound arugula 1 pound frisee Grilled Squid Grilled Onions Green Chile Vinaigrette Roasted tomatoes 12 fresh mint leaves, chiffonadenCombine the greens, squid and onions in a large bowl and toss with some of the vinaigrette. Place on a large platter and top with the tomatoes and fresh mint. Drizzle with additional dressing., ingredients: [8 plum tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons pure olive oil, Salt and pepper, 16 whole squid, cleaned, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 large sweet onions, Walla Walla, Vidalia, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 1 poblano pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped, 6 cloves roasted garlic, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup pure olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Squid and Sweet Onion Salad with Roasted Tomatoes and Green Chile Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 44110: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a grill with a single layer of charcoal. When the coals are hot, brush the grill with a little oil to make sure the peaches dont stick. Place the peaches, cut side down, on the grill and cook for a few minutes, until theyre slightly charred.nPlace the peaches in an ovenproof dish, sprinkle each half with a little vanilla sugar. Combine the rum and amaretto and drizzle 12 of it on the peaches. Bake the peaches for about 10 minutes, until theyre very tender. Serve hot, at room temperature, or cold with crumbled amaretti cookies on top or with the cookies on the side. I like to serve them with a dollop of creme fraiche or vanilla ice cream.nVanilla Sugar:nFind a jar tall enough to hold 2 vanilla beans. Fill the bottle with sugar and cover tightly. Store on a pantry shelf. After about 3 months you will have a wonderful ingredient for cooking and baking. Keep adding vanilla beans and sugar to the jar and you will have it for years., ingredients: [8 ripe peaches, cut in 12 and pitted, 14 cup vanilla sugar, recipe follows, 14 cup good dark rum recommended: Mount Gay, 14 cup good almond liqueur recommended: Amaretto Di Savonna, 8 amaretti cookies, crumbled, Creme fraiche or vanilla ice cream to serve, optional], title: Grilled Peaches with Amaretti, picturelink: ZhgmDy2G86Z9CuJJJa9AhmI0ZDOA.wW}, 44111: {instructions: Wash the okra and pat it dry with paper towels. Top and tail it, discarding any blemished or hard pods. Heat the olive oil in a heavy saucepan and saute the okra in the oil for 3 to 5 minutes, turning each pod once. Add the honey, salt, pepper, lemon juice, and water. Cover, lower the heat, and simmer for 15 minutes, adding more water if necessary. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound small okra pods, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup water], title: Bamia Sweet and Sour Okra, picturelink: null}, 44112: {instructions: Roughly chop the bacon and dried cranberries and set aside. Drain and rinse beans and set aside. Drain the corn, if necessary.nIn a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, melt the butter and milk together. Add the corn, beans, chopped bacon and cranberries and stir to combine. Reduce heat to medium low and cook for 10 to 15 minutes or until most of the liquid has evaporated, stirring occasionally. Season mixture with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove from heat, loosely cover and set aside until ready to serve.nWhile succotash is cooking, prepare the dressing. If you are very short on time, substitute store bought cranberry vinaigrette and add 1 tablespoon horseradish.nIn the bowl of a food processor fitted with the blade, combine all ingredients except for salt and pepper. Pulse ingredients until cranberries are roughly chopped and dressing is emulsified. Season vinaigrette with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside until ready assemble plates.nRinse and pat fillets dry. Combine the flour and salt and pepper in a shallow dish. Coat fish on all sides with seasoned flour, shaking off the excess and set fillets aside.nIn a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, melt butter and olive oil. Heat melted mixture until hot but not browned and place the fish in the skillet, leaving space between the fillets. Cook 4 to 5 minutes on the first side and turn fillets over carefully. Continue cooking until flesh is firm and no longer opaque, about 5 more minutes. Remove fillets to a plate and set aside.nWhile fish is cooking, slice the tomatoes in half and assemble plates. Evenly distribute arugula among 5 plates and arrange in a small mound. When fish is cooked, lean the cod fillet against the arugula and place a scant cup of succotash on the plate touching both the fish and arugula. Drizzle 2 tablespoons cranberry vinaigrette over arugula and succotash and top greens with 6 tomato halves per plate.nEnjoy, ingredients: [4 slices precooked bacon, 12 cup sweetened dried cranberries, 1 15.5ounce can navy beans, 2 cups fresh, canned or frozen corn kernels, defrosted, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup milk or light cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup whole berry cranberry sauce, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 14 cup cranberry juice, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 6ounce Atlantic cod fillets, preferably from the thick head end, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 15 grape tomatoes, 8 cups baby arugula], title: North Atlantic Pan Seared Cod with New England Succotash and Cranberry Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 44113: {instructions: Special equipment: eight 12inch bamboo skewersnSoak eight 12inch bamboo skewers in warm water, about 30 minutes.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Make the dressing: Pulse the lemon juice, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, anchovy paste and garlic in a food processor. Gradually add the olive oil with the food processor running. Stir the Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper.nToss the shrimp with 2 tablespoons of the dressing and the bread cubes with another 2 tablespoons of the dressing. Thread the shrimp on 4 skewers and the bread cubes on 4 skewers. Top each skewer with a hot cherry pepper. Grill the bread cube skewers until toasted with grill marks, about 30 seconds to 1 minute per side. Remove from the grill.nGrill the shrimp skewers until the shrimp turn pink, turning once, 3 to 4 minutes.nBrush the romaine lightly with olive oil and grill until grill marks appear, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Cut the lettuce crosswise into 1 12inchwide strips.nToss the lettuce with 12 cup dressing and salt and pepper to taste. Serve the shrimp and crouton skewers over the salad and the extra dressing drizzled on top., ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for brushing, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound large shrimp 2025, peeled and deveined, 12inches of baguette cut into 1inch cubes about 24 croutons, 8 pickled red hot cherry peppers, 4 romaine lettuce hearts, halved lengthwise], title: Shrimp Caesar Salad, picturelink: qgYCgAeGu28d7002lAb2md2qyudhDm}, 44114: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water. Place the pasta in a large serving bowl.nIn a food processor, combine the sundried tomatoes, olives, basil, garlic, oil, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Pulse until blended but still chunky.nAdd the Parmesan cheese to the pasta and toss well. Pour the tomato mixture on top and toss until the pasta is coated. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound linguine pasta, 1 cup 6 ounces chopped or julienned sundried tomatoes in oil, drained, 1 cup 4 ounces medium green olives, pitted, 1 packed cup fresh basil leaves, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Zest and juice of 1 large lemon, 34 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Linguine with SunDried Tomatoes, Olives, and Lemon, picturelink: 70K42QTrTeTO.nY5RVHkTtcjl1StzS}, 44115: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pitcher, soak the oats, cinnamon and water for a minimum of 30 minutes. Blend the mixture including the cinnamon in a blender. Strain and sweeten with sugar or agave, to taste. Serve wellchilled or over ice., ingredients: [1 cup old fashioned rolled oats, 1 4inch cinnamon stick, broken into tiny pieces, 4 cups water, Sugar or agave nectar, as needed], title: Sweet Cinnamon Flavored Oatmeal Drink Horchata, picturelink: peEInMFliwvYL406HMQbq2KksxkGyC}, 44116: {instructions: Pit and peel the avocado and cut it into 12inch chunks. In a small bowl toss the avocado chunks gently with 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice and season with salt to taste. In a medium bowl, whisk together remaining lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, pinch of white pepper, and 14 teaspoon salt. Add crabmeat and toss.nStand an empty 15ounce can with both top and bottom removed on a serving plate. Scoop a quarter of the avocado into the can. Place 14 of the crabmeat on top and press down gently into the mold. Gently pull the can off the avocado and crab mixture. Garnish with a half teaspoon of chives. Repeat with the remaining 3 servings and serve.nExcellent source of: ProteinnGood source of: Fiber, Vitamin C, Folate, Vitamin K, Potassium, ingredients: [1 ripe avocado, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Pinch white pepper, 12 pound lump crabmeat, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Crab and Avocado Duet, picturelink: s5P66j66z9GCh2znXMWhzHoVZsx3A.}, 44117: {instructions: Whisk the allpurpose flour, semolina flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, beat the butter and sugar with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes.nWhisk the olive oil, whole egg, egg yolk, limoncello, vanilla, lemon zest and lemon juice in a large liquid measuring cup or bowl. Add to the butter mixture and beat on medium speed until smooth. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and chill 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll the dough into 2inchlong, 12inchthick logs arrange about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake in batches until golden around the edges, about 18 minutes, rotating the baking sheets halfway through. Let cool 2 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMeanwhile, put the white chocolate in a heatproof bowl and set over a saucepan of barely simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water stir until the chocolate melts. Drizzle the cookies with the melted white chocolate and sprinkle with the pistachios. Let set at room temperature, about 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup fine semolina flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large egg plus 1 egg yolk, 3 tablespoons limoncello or other sweet lemon liqueur, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 8 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 12 cup pistachios, finely chopped], title: LemonWhite Chocolate Cookies, picturelink: aiweAd15yORa.6vXbndu51E6CfypqE.}, 44118: {instructions: In a bowl stir together all ingredients and let stand, covered, 30 minutes. Serve salsa with tortilla chips or as a condiment., ingredients: [1 celery rib, minced, 1 carrot, minced, 12 cup minced red bell pepper, 12 cup minced red onion, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced pickled jalapeno chili, 1 tablespoon minced fresh coriander leaves, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Chopped Vegetable Salsa, picturelink: null}, 44119: {instructions: To rim the glasses, first dip in water then into kosher salt.nIn a pitcher filled with ice combine, tequila, Triple Sec, grenadine and lime juice. Stir and pour into rimmed cocktail glasses., ingredients: [14 cup water, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 cups tequila, 1 cup Triple Sec, 13 cup grenadine, 1 cup lime juice], title: Game Night Margaritas, picturelink: uqxxDpgo6aZmk92sgChhRoPCq23f2n.}, 44120: {instructions: Put the flour, salt, and chilled butter into a large bowl and rub them together with your fingertips until they resemble fine bread crumbs. Make a well in the center of the mixture and pour in the water. Mix with a knife, then bring the dough together with your hands.nSquidge into a ball, then wrap in plastic wrap and put in the refrigerator for 25 minutes.nUnwrap the dough ball and use a knife to score a large cross in the middle of it, cutting no more than halfway through. Lift all four corners from the middle of the cross, then pull them up and out to make the cross big enough to put the softened butter into.nAdd the butter, then fold the corners of the cross back to the center, covering the butter so it is completely enclosed. The corners should overlap in the center so no butter is showing. It is important that the butter is not too hard or too soft, otherwise it will escape through the dough when you roll it out and the resulting pastry will not rise as well. If its too hard, let the ball of pastry stand at room temperature until the butter inside has softened if it is getting too soft, pop it in the refrigerator for 20 minutes to firm up a little before rolling.nThis next process is called rolling and folding or turns and it creates the characteristic flaky layers of puff pastry. Begin by rolling the pastry out away from you on a wellfloured counter to a rectangle roughly 3 times as long as it is wide dont turn the pastry when rolling. Keep the corners square and edges straight by pressing a spatula or rule against them. Lift the dough occasionally to make sure it isnt sticking flour the counter again if necessary and sprinkle with more flour as you go, dusting away any excess with a pastry brush. Take the short edge of the pastry nearest to you and fold it up a third, then fold the top edge down a third to give a rectangular block. Turn the dough 90 degree and then repeat the rolling and folding.nYou have now given the dough two rolls and folds. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and put in the refrigerator. Chill for 20 minutes.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator, then unwrap and give it two more rolls and folds. Wrap and rest in the refrigerator for at least another 20 minutes. The block of puff pastry can at this point be kept in the refrigerator for a day or two, or frozen.nRemove from the refrigerator, then unwrap and give the dough a final couple of rolls and folds. Roll it out to the size desired for your chosen recipe. Place on a baking sheet, then cover with oiled plastic wrap and let rest in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes before using., ingredients: [34 cup plus 2 tbsp4 14 oz120g allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 1 cup4 14 oz120g cake flour, 12 tsp salt, 38 stick1 12 oz40g butter, chilled and cubed, generous 12 cup4 12 fl oz130ml cold water, 3 tbsp7 12 oz210g butter, softened see intro], title: Puff Pastry, picturelink: null}, 44121: {instructions: For the waffles: Preheat your waffle iron and brush the grate with butter. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar and salt in a medium bowl.nWhisk together the eggs, melted butter and buttermilk in a small bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Do not overmix. Set the batter aside at room temperature for 20 minutes. Cook the waffles according the manufacturers directions until golden brown. Remove to a baking rack. Cut or tear each waffle into quarters. Top each quarter with some of the cinnamon sugar butter and sauteed apples.nFor the sauteed apples: Combine the apple cider, light brown sugar, and cinnamon sticks in a large saute pan over high heat and boil until reduced by half and thickened to a syrup.nRemove the cinnamon stick, whisk in the butter and add the apples and cook until soft and caramelized. Set aside.nFor the homemade cinnamon sugar butter: Combine the heavy cream and salt in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat until it becomes butter. Combine the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and fold into the butter. Scrape into a bowl. Yield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 large eggs, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for waffle iron, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 2 cups apple cider, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced, 1 cup heavy cream, Pinch fine sea salt, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Special equipment: waffle iron], title: Belgian Waffles with Homemade Cinnamon Sugar Butter and Sauteed Cider Apples, picturelink: null}, 44122: {instructions: In a skillet over medium heat, saute the chicken skin until it releases its fat and the fat begins to turn golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove the chicken skin and pour off half of the rendered fat, or schmaltz.nAdd the onions to the pan with the remaining chicken fat and cook until the onions are translucent, tender, and caramelized, about 10 minutes. Season with salt, to taste. Remove half of the onions from the pan and set aside. Raise the heat to mediumhigh and add the reserved chicken fat and chicken livers to the remaining onions. Saute the livers, turning once, until cooked on the outside but still lightly pink inside, about 5 minutes. Roughly chop the chicken livers by hand and season with salt and cracked black pepper. Spoon the chopped liver onto matzo and top with minced egg and the reserved schmaltz fried onions., ingredients: [Reserved skin from 1 chicken, about 1 cup, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 pound chicken livers, trimmed and rinsed well, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Matzo, broken into bitesized shards, 2 eggs, boiled and finely minced], title: What am I... Chopped Liver with Schmaltz Fried Onions, picturelink: Magqg5h4Xo8PcKEO2GLThez2.NI1RB2}, 44123: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large skillet and saute the onions, celery, leeks, apples, and sausage, breaking up the sausage as you cook. After about 10 minutes, add the poultry seasoning, fresh herbs and dried cranberries. Add the dried stuffing mix and moisten with the vegetable stock. Season stuffing mix with salt and pepper, to taste. I like the stuffing a little wetter  if you dont, just add less stocknPlace into a buttered casserole dish and bake for 45 minutes., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 12 cup or 1 stick butter, unsalted, 2 medium onions, finely diced, 3 cups chopped celery, about 6 large stalks, 6 cups coarsely chopped leeks, about 12, 4 apples, peeled, cored and chopped, 1 pound breakfast sausage or Italian sausage, casings removed, 6 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, about 4 sprigs, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage leaves, about 6 leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, about 4 to 6 sprigs, 2 cups dried cranberries, 1 box stuffing mix not cornbread recommended: Pepperidge Farm, 2 cups 1 pint vegetable stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cranberry, Apple and Sausage Stuffing, picturelink: viYJqyneygVhSRi1Cw5eUqERJLIOYb2}, 44124: {instructions: Melt the butter with the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until it is fragrant, about 1 to 2 minutes, stirring often. Stir in the shrimp, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, salt and pepper and let the mixture simmer until the shrimp are partially cooked through and beginning to curl, about 2 minutes.nStir in the ketchup and the oregano and simmer until the shrimp are opaque and just cooked through, 2 more minutes. Add the brandy and parsley, stir to combine, remove from the heat and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, finely minced, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 18 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, Salt and fresh black pepper, 12 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons brandy, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Brandied Shrimp, picturelink: AQbPok3LlCeCTu6XFXQTKVo2sBcGVmC}, 44125: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace rack in center of oven and preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together flours, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in a mediumsized bowl. Combine butter, oil and sugars in the bowl of a stand mixer and mix on high speed, scraping down sides if necessary, until sugars have dissolved and mixture is light in color, about 1 minute. Add egg, carrot puree and vanilla and beat an additional 30 seconds. Add flour mixture and beat an additional 30 seconds. Add oats, flakes, raisins and walnuts and mix over low speed just until incorporated. Dough will be slightly sticky and less cohesive than traditional cookie dough. Line a large cookie sheet with parchment paper. Using between 3 to 4 tablespoons of batter, form a ball and place on cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining batter, leaving about 3 inches between cookies. Wet hands and use palm of hand to flatten cookies until about 14inch thick. Bake for 12 minutes, until cookies are fragrant but still soft. Let cookies cool slightly, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nPlace rack in center of oven and preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together flours, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in a mediumsized bowl. Combine butter, oil and sugars in the bowl of a stand mixer and mix on high speed, scraping down sides if necessary, until sugars have dissolved and mixture is light in color, about 1 minute. Add egg, carrot puree and vanilla and beat an additional 30 seconds. Add flour mixture and beat an additional 30 seconds. Add oats, flakes, raisins and walnuts and mix over low speed just until incorporated. Dough will be slightly sticky and less cohesive than traditional cookie dough. Line a large cookie sheet with parchment paper. Using between 3 to 4 tablespoons of batter, form a ball and place on cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining batter, leaving about 3 inches between cookies. Wet hands and use palm of hand to flatten cookies until about 14inch thick. Bake for 12 minutes, until cookies are fragrant but still soft. Let cookies cool slightly, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [34 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup canola oil, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 egg, 14 cup 1 small jar strained carrot baby food, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup rolled oats, 12 cup bran cereal flakes, 13 cup raisins, 13 cup walnut pieces, lightly toasted in a dry skillet for 2 minutes, until fragrant and chopped, 34 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup canola oil, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 egg, 14 cup 1 small jar strained carrot baby food, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup rolled oats, 12 cup bran cereal flakes, 13 cup raisins, 13 cup walnut pieces, lightly toasted in a dry skillet for 2 minutes, until fragrant and chopped], title: Breakfast Cookies, picturelink: gHffoO3MVOm6HjCQROzUKWi7dp.vtEG}, 44126: {instructions: Place a baking sheet in the freezer to chill, about 20 minutes. Line the baking sheet with parchment paper and coat with cooking spray. Spray the insides of eight 3to4inch cookie cutters and place on the parchment. Fill each cutter halfway with small scoops of ice cream and sherbet about 12 cup of each, alternating to create a marbled effect. Repeat with another layer to fill the cutters. Smooth the surface of each with an offset spatula or the back of a spoon. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze 1 hour. Meanwhile, place another baking sheet in the freezer to chill, then line with parchment and coat with cooking spray.nRemove the cookie cutters from the freezer a few at a time, and use the plastic wrap to push the ice cream mixture out of the cutters. Insert a wooden stick halfway into the pop smooth the surface if needed. Lay the pops on the other lined baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, about 30 more minutes.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, 1 quart orange sherbet], title: Orange Cream Pops, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 44127: {instructions: In a skillet, lightly saute the minced garlic clove in 1 tablespoon of oil. Add parsley, wheat germ, and sesame seeds and saute lightly again. Remove from heat and let cool.nPut ground beef and ground lamb in a mixing bowl. Add the cooled sauteed ingredients, salt, steak sauce, 12 cup vegetable oil, and eggs. Form into 3inch patties. Place patties on grill and cook about 5 minutes on each side, or until cooked to desired doneness. You will need to lengthen cooking time if at a higher altitude., ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 1 12 cups chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 cup wheat germ, 12 cup sesame seeds, 1 pound lean ground beef, l2 pound ground lamb, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons highgrade steak sauce, 3 eggs, lightly beaten], title: Blamburgers, picturelink: 4pDp42t51UJYXQMJLwD9Og2infE9RC}, 44128: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Italian Sausage, picturelink: WW6XqQvJsULKUCTXivpR5olUeQwacuK}, 44129: {instructions: Bring mushrooms and broth to a boil. Add pasta and cook 5 minutes. Add spinach and cook just until wilted. Season with salt and crushed red pepper., ingredients: [1 cup cooked mushrooms, 3 cups chicken broth, 8 ounces tortellini, 4 ounces fresh spinach, stemmed and washed, Salt and crushed red pepper flakes], title: Second Time Around Mushroom Soup, picturelink: null}, 44130: {instructions: Place a rimmed baking sheet in the lower third of the oven preheat to 450 degrees F. Make the pesto: Pulse the parsley, basil, scallions, whole garlic, Worcestershire sauce, lemon zest and the juice of 1 lemon in a food processor. With the motor running, add 14 cup olive oil. Refrigerate 34 cup of the pesto for Risotto with Pesto and Peas. Coat the pork with 14 cup of the remaining pesto. Mix the remaining 12 cup pesto in a small bowl with 1 tablespoon hot water and the remaining lemon juice season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and brown all over, about 4 minutes. Transfer to the hot baking sheet and roast until a thermometer registers 145 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the polenta as the label directs. Heat the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet over medium heat. Add the sliced garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the spinach, 3 tablespoons of the pesto mixture and 14 cup water cook, stirring, until wilted, 3 minutes. Slice the pork serve with the polenta, spinach and remaining pesto mixture. Season with salt and pepper.nPer serving:nCalories 464nFat 18 g Saturated 4 gnCholesterol 111 mgnSodium 628 mgnCarbohydrate 34 gnFiber 8 gnProtein 41 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 cups fresh parsley leaves about 1 bunch, 2 cups fresh basil leaves about 1 bunch, 2 12 cups coarsely chopped scallions about 2 bunches, 4 cloves garlic 2 whole, 2 thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, plus juice of 2 lemons, 14 cup plus 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14ounce tube prepared polenta, sliced, 1 pound baby spinach], title: Pesto Pork With Polenta, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 44131: {instructions: Dice the green onions, tomatoes, jalapenos and green peppers and blend together. Add the red onions. Mince the cilantro and add to the vegetables. Add the vinegar and finish with the tomato juice. Season with salt and pepper. Chill before serving., ingredients: [4 green onions, 3 medium vineripe red tomatoes, 2 jalapenos, seeded, 1 medium green pepper, 14 cup diced red onion, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 6 ounces tomato juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Salsa, picturelink: null}, 44132: {instructions: Pour the sugar into the center of a deep saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Carefully pour the water around the walls of the pan, trying not to splash any sugar onto the walls. Do not stir gently draw your finger twice through the center of the sugar, making a cross, to moisten it. Over high heat, bring to a full boil and cook without stirring until golden caramel, about 10 to 15 minutes, swirling the mixture occasionally to even out the color.nTurn off the heat and stir in the butter. Add the popcorn, pecans, and cashews. Pour onto a silicone baking mat on the counter, or a marble surface. Let the mixture cool a few minutes then start breaking it up into clusters, working quickly so it doesnt harden and you dont burn yourself. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week.nNote: I use Black Diamond Popcorn with its petit size hulless kernel. To popcorn properly, place the kernels in a heavybottomed large pot and cover then with oil. Put the lid on and cook on high until you hear the first pop. Immediately take it off the heat and let it sit 1 minute. Then return it to the heat and finish popping, shaking the pan the whole time. I dont know why this is better but this is what my dad does and his popcorn was always the best., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 23 cups water, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 cups popped corn See Note, 12 cup toasted pecans, chopped, 12 cup toasted cashews, chopped], title: Nutty Caramel Corn, picturelink: LzIsrlt37QE.hQqRdYqa6iwwCb1QqG2}, 44133: {instructions: Heat frying pan and add 12 cup of water. Rinse the lobster. Open the lobster tail in butterfly form and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Place the lobster tail in the frying pan. Cover. Steam cook for 8 minutes. Serve with clarified hot butter., ingredients: [12 cup water, 21ounce lobster tail, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3.15 ounces hot clarified butter], title: Lobster Tail, picturelink: zyHwyvpuAZ1jXd4Fdgyd3Lzl4IA8Yy6}, 44134: {instructions: EQUIPMENT: Measuring cup, measuring spoons, double boiler, film wrap, whisk, 2 stainless steel bowls, rubber spatula, electric mixer with balloon whip, 2 2quart plastic containers with lidsnTo make the Dark Chocolate Mousse, heat 1inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. Place the unsweetened chocolate in the top half of the double boiler. Tightly cover the top with film wrap and allow to heat for 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir until smooth. Transfer the melted chocolate to a stainless steel bowl, using a rubber spatula to remove all the chocolate from the double boiler. Place the heavy cream and the sugar in the wellchilled bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a wellchilled balloon whip. Mix on medium until soft peaks form, about 4 to 5 minutes. Using a handheld whisk, vigorously whisk 112 cups of the whipped cream into the melted chocolate, scrape down the bowl with a rubber spatula, and continue to whisk until the cream and the chocolate are smooth and completely incorporated. Add the combined whipped cream and chocolate to the remaining whipped cream and use the rubber spatula to fold together until smooth. Transfer the Dark Chocolate Mousse to a plastic container and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours before servingnHeat 1inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over low heat. When the water is hot do not allow to simmer, place white chocolate and 4 tablespoons of water in the top half of the double boiler. Using a rubber spatula, constantly stir the white chocolate and water until melted, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and keep at room temperature until needed. Place the heavy cream in the wellchilled bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a wellchilled balloon whip. Mix on high until stiff, about 1 minute. Remove the bowl from the mixer. Using a handheld whisk, vigorously whisk 13 of the whipped cream into the melted white chocolate. Scrape down the bowl with a rubber spatula, and continue to whisk until smooth and thoroughly combined. Add the combined whipped cream and white chocolate to the remaining whipped cream and use a rubber spatula to fold together until smooth. Transfer the White Chocolate Mousse to a plastic container and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours before serving, ingredients: [3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, broken into 12ounce pieces, 2 cups heavy cream, 34 cup granulated sugar, 10 ounces white chocolate, broken into, 4 tablespoons water, 2 cups heavy cream], title: The Essential Chocolate Mousses, picturelink: null}, 44135: {instructions: Combine the yogurt, olive oil, lemon zest and juice, rosemary, salt, and pepper in a large, nonreactive bowl. Add the lamb, making sure it is covered with the marinade, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight or for up to 2 days.nPrepare a charcoal grill with hot coals. Spread the coals in one tight layer on the grill.nCut the lamb in 1 12inch cubes. You should have about 20 cubes.nCut the red onion in 8 pieces and separate each piece into 3 or 4 sections. Loosely thread 3 or 4 pieces of lamb onto skewers alternately with sections of onion. Sprinkle both sides of the lamb cubes with salt and pepper. Place the skewers on the hot grill and cook for 10 to 15 minutes, turning 2 or 3 times, until the lamb is mediumrare., ingredients: [1 pound plain yogurt regular or lowfat, 14 cup good olive oil, plus more for brushing grill, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, 5 tablespoons fresh whole rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds top round lamb, 1 red onion], title: Marinated Lamb Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 44136: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUsing an electric mixer, whip the cream cheese and sour cream in a small bowl until fluffy. Add the granulated sugar and whip until well combined, making sure there are no lumps. Reserve for later use.nBeat the egg and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl with a fork.nUnfold 1 pastry sheet on a lightly floured flat surface. Roll the pastry into a 14by12inch rectangle. Spoon half of the cream cheese mixture lengthwise down the center of the pastry. Cut slits 1 inch apart from the 2 sides of the pastry rectangle within 12 inch of the cream cheese mixture. Arrange half of the strawberries down the center of the pastry on top of the cream cheese mixture. Starting at one end, fold the pastry strips over the strawberries on a diagonal, alternating sides, to cover the strawberries. Repeat the entire process with the remaining pastry sheet, cream cheese filling and strawberries. Brush the pastries very lightly with the egg wash otherwise they wont rise. Sprinkle with the demerara sugar and top with pistachios.nBake until golden brown, 30 minutes. Let cool on a rack for about 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg, One 17.3ounce package frozen puff pastry, thawed, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 10 strawberries, sliced, Demerara sugar, for garnish, 14 cup pistachios, chopped], title: Strawberry or any Berry Really Puff Pastry Braid, picturelink: null}, 44137: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThoroughly mix all of the rub ingredients in a glass bowl and set aside. Cooks Note: Can be sealed in storage bag or jar for up to 1 week. This will make about 6 cups.nCombine all of the ensalada ingredients in a glass bowl and mix well. Set aside for tacos.nCut the salmon fillet into 3 equal parts and arrange on the presoaked cedar planks. Cover the salmon liberally with the spice rub approximately 1 cup per pound. It is ok if some spice rub falls onto the plank.nHeat the grill to high.nPut the salmon planks over very hot mesquiteoak or hickory coals and cover the grill until the spice rub has melted to form a coating over salmon and plank, about 7 to 10 minutes. Remove the cover from the grill. If the planks flame up be sure the flames do not scorch the fillet, as the taste of burned sugar should not be the dominating flavor.nRemove the salmon planks from the grill and loosely cover with foil. Allow the fillets to rest for 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the fillets to a large bowl and set aside. In the meantime, toast the corn tortillas over the hot coals or on a preheated comal.nAdd the ensalada to the bowl with the salmon and stir lightly to combine.nUsing 2 overlapping toasted corn tortillas, scoop some of the salmon mixture onto the tortillas and top with some of the cheese. Repeat with the remaining tortillas and filling. For authentic Baja style service, use simple paper boats for serving vessels. The boats will allow the tacos to stand upright for better presentation., ingredients: [3 to 4 cups golden brown sugar, 14 cup good quality dark roast coffee, coarsely ground, 12 cup seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 14 cup ground turmeric, 14 cup curry powder, 14 cup ground cumin, 14 cup coarsely ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 bunch of fresh cilantro leaves chopped yields approximately 1 cup, 1 bunch fresh flat leaf parsley chopped yields approximately 1 cup, 1 bunch fresh green onion chopped yields approximately 1 cup, 2 fresh pasilla chiles fire roasted, stemmed, seeded and chopped, 2 fresh Anaheim chiles fire roasted, skinned and chopped, 12 head fresh red cabbage, chiffonade, 12 head fresh green cabbage chiffonade, 2 serrano chiles, finely diced, 1 12 tablespoons fresh squeezed lime juice, about 1 12 tablespoons, optional, 6 pounds wild salmon fillet, boneless and skinless, 3 cedar grilling planks soaked for 3 hours, 4 dozen fresh corn tortillas preferably homemade, 1 pound Cotija cheese crumbled for topping tacos], title: Epicurean Cowboy Spice Rubbed, Cedar Planked, Salmon Tacos, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 44138: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and slice each one lengthwise in half, or in quarters if very large then cut crosswise into halfround or quarterround slices, about 12 inch thick.nPut the slices in a saucepan with water just to cover and 1 12 teaspoons of salt per quart of water. Heat to a simmer, and cook the potatoes for 5 to 6 minutes, or until just cooked through. It is essential that they be just cooked through. Bite into a slice or two to be very sure. Immediately remove from the heat and drain the potatoes into a colander, but save a cup of the cooking liquid for dressing the potatoes. Transfer bowl. Stir the cider vinegar with 13 cup of the potato water or chicken stock and drizzle this over the potato pieces, turning them gently to distribute it evenly. Let sit 10 minutes to absorb the liquid.nAdd the prepared onion, celery, bacon, pickle, hardboiled eggs, and chives, and season carefully, to taste. Top with 23 cup of mayonnaise or a mix of mayonnaise and a bit of sour cream and, with a large rubber spatula, gently fold everything together until well blended. Taste the salad and add more salt, pepper, or mayonnaise as needed.nCover the salad and set aside in the refrigerator for at least an hour or so before serving. If it is refrigerated longer, let it come back to room temperature before serving. Taste and adjust the seasoning again.nTo serve, line a bowl or a platter with redleaf lettuce or other greens, and mound the salad on top. Decorate at the last moment, if you wish, with any or all of the optional garnishes., ingredients: [2 pounds large Yukon Gold potatoes, or other waxy, boiling potatoes, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 13 cup chicken stock or potatocooking water, 23 cup finely chopped onion, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 3 or 4 slices crisply cooked bacon, chopped or crumbled, 2 to 3 Tbs finely chopped pickle, sweet or dill, 2 hardboiled eggs, peeled and sliced thin, 3 Tbs or so finely chopped fresh chives or scallions, including a bit of their tender green, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 cup or so mayonnaise, homemade if possible, Sour cream, optional, Crisp whole redleaf or other lettuce leaves, Canned red pimiento, diced, Sliced hardboiled eggs, Tomato quarters, Parsley sprigs], title: Julias AmericanStyle Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 44139: {instructions: Remove the tips and the first two joints of the wing bone, leaving the bone attached to the breast. Pound the breast 12inch thick between two pieces of plastic wrap, being careful not to separate the meat from the bone, pat it dry, and season with salt and pepper. Dredge the chicken breasts in the flour, shaking off the excess, dip them in the egg, letting the excess drip off, and coat them with the bread crumbs. In a large heavy skillet cook the garlic in oil and the butter over moderately high heat, stirring until its golden and discard it. Saute the chicken breasts in the fat, turning them once, for 4 minutes, or until they are golden brown, and transfer them to paper towels to drain.nMake the salad: In a small bowl whisk together the vinegar, mustard, thyme, salt and pepper to taste, add the oil in a slow, even stream, whisking until all the dressing is emulsified. In a bowl toss the arugula, tomatoes and carrots with some dressing.nArrange each chicken breast on a plate, divide the salad between the plates, and garnish each with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [2 skinless half chicken breasts, with wing bone attached, Flour seasoned with salt and pepper, for dredging, 1 egg, beaten lightly, 34 cup fine fresh bread crumbs, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 large garlic clove, quartered, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijonstyle mustard, 18 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups loosely packed arugula or watercress sprigs, washed well and spun dry, 4 cherry tomatoes, quartered, 1 tablespoon grated carrot, 2 lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Chicken Schnitzel with Arugula Salad, picturelink: null}, 44140: {instructions: Coarsely chop parsnips. In heavy saucepan heat butter and water. Place chopped parsnips, cover, and steam until soft and water is absorbed. Remove from heat. In food processor puree until smooth. Return puree to pan, cover and keep warm until ready to serve. To make cherry sauce, in heavy saucepan caramelize sugar until deep golden brown. Remove from heat and add vinegar. Return to heat, add ginger and cook for about 5 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside. Heat dry saucepan until hot. Brown foie gras on one side. Turn over and cook for about 30 seconds. Serve topped with parsnip puree and cherry sauce., ingredients: [1 12 lbs parsnips, peeled and trimmed, 2 tbsp butter, 12 cup water, vegetable oil for frying, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup sherry vinegar, 1 cup black cherries, split and pitted, 1 cup red cherries, split and pitted, 2 oz ginger, julienned and blanched, 34 lb grade A foie gras], title: Saute of Foie Gras with Parsnips and Sweet and Sour Cherries, picturelink: null}, 44141: {instructions: Make the pizza dough as directed in the master recipe. Stick a pizza stone in the oven and preheat them to 500 degrees F.nCoat a saute pan with the olive oil and place over medium heat. When the oil gets hazy, add the onion and garlic, cook and stir for 5 minutes to soften. Add the olives, capers, and some hand torn basil. Carefully add the tomatoes nothing splashes like tomatoes, cook and stir until the liquid is cooked down and the sauce is thick, about 10 minutes season with salt and pepper and then take it off the stove.nSpread the sugo sauce evenly on the crust with a ladle. Rip the mozzarella into pieces with your hands and distribute them on top scatter some basil leaves all around. Slide the pizza onto the hot stone in the oven and bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the crust is golden and crisp, and the cheese is bubbly. Garnish with even more fresh basil before serving.nIn the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the yeast, sugar, and warm water stir gently to dissolve. Let the mixture stand until the yeast comes alive and starts to foam, about 5 to 10 minutes.nTurn the mixer on low and add the salt and 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Add the flour, a little at a time, mixing at the lowest speed until all the flour has been incorporated. When the dough starts to come together, increase the speed to medium stop the machine periodically to scrape the dough off the hook. Get a feel for the dough by squeezing a small amount together: if its crumbly, add more water if its sticky, add more flour  1 tablespoon at a time. Mix until the dough gathers into a ball, this should take about 5 minutes.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and fold it over itself a few times kneading until its smooth and elastic. Form the dough into a round and place in a lightly oiled bowl, turn it over to coat. Cover with plastic wrap or a damp towel and let it rise in a warm spot i.e. over a gas pilot light until doubled in size, about 1 hour. This is a good time to stick a pizza stone in the oven and preheat them to 500 degrees F.nOnce the dough is domed and spongy, turn it out onto a lightly floured counter. Roll and stretch the dough into a cylinder and divide into 3 equal pieces. Cover and let rest for 10 minutes so it will be easier to roll out.nRoll or pat out a piece of dough into a 12inch circle, about 18inch thick. Dust a pizza paddle with flour and slide it under the pizza dough. Brush the crust with a thin layer of olive oil, and top with your favorite flavors. Slide the pizza onto the hot stone in the oven and bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the crust is golden and crisp. Repeat with the remaining dough., ingredients: [1 recipe Pizza Dough, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 18ounce ball fresh buffalo mozzarella, water drained, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup large pitted green Spanish olives, such as Manzanilla, chopped, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 12 bunch fresh basil leaves, hand torn, 2 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, drained and hand crushed, 1 package active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup warm water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups 00 flour, plus more for dusting], title: Pizza with Sugo Sauce, Buffalo Mozzarella, and Fresh Basil, picturelink: null}, 44142: {instructions: In a large bowl combine soup mix and sour cream. Strain excess water from spinach and add to dip mixture. Stir to combine. Cover with plastic wrap and chill for 2 hours. Slice a circle around top of bread and remove inside and cut into bite sized pieces. Fill hole with spinach dip. Cut other bread loaf into cubes and serve with dip., ingredients: [1 package Knorr vegetable soup mix, 16 ounces sour cream, 1 box frozen spinach, thawed, 2 loaves round peasant bread], title: Spinach Bread Dip, picturelink: null}, 44143: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a stand mixer, fitted with the batter blade, cream the butter and the sugar for 8 minutes on medium speed, scraping down the sides often with a rubber spatula. Lower the speed to medium low and add the eggs, 1 at a time, combining well after each addition. Add the vanilla and the orange and lemon zest.nAdd half of the flour, with the mixer off, then turn the mixer on low speed to combine. Add the buttermilk and cream and when well combined add the remaining flour. Continue to mix for an additional 3 minutes on mediumlow speed.nButter and flour a tube pan. Pour the batter into the pan, tapping the pan on the counter a few times to eliminate air bubbles and put in a cold oven. Set the oven to 325 degrees F and after 45 minutes, carefully rotate the cake and continue to bake another 30 to 40 minutes. Check by inserting a wooden skewer into the center and when it comes out dry, remove the pan from the oven. The cake will fall a bit, but let it rest for 30 minutes. Run a sharp, thin knife around the edges of the pan and let rest for 10 minutes more.nInvert the cake onto a parchment lined cooling rack.nCooks Note: Put a piece of parchment paper on top of the cake and pan, then flip gently over and allow to cool to room temperature.nDust with the confectioners sugar, then slice and serve with Cranberry Citrus Glaze.nIn a small saucepan, over medium heat, add the cranberries and water. Cook until the cranberries start to pop, about 3 minutes, then add the remaining ingredients and reduce the heat to low. Simmer until thickened, about 15 minutes. Puree with stick blender and strain into a serving bowl. Serve or refrigerate until ready to use.nCooks Note: This glaze can be made ahead., ingredients: [1 12 cups, plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 cups sugar, 6 eggs, room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 3 cups cake flour, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 cup Cranberry Citrus Glaze, recipe follows, 2 cups cranberries fresh or frozen, 14 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 2 oranges, zested and juiced, 1 lemon, zested and juiced], title: Golden Pound Cake, picturelink: gSCNCpgkXwho5KCpT4k2S4DDFN6D1a}, 44144: {instructions: Soak 4 wooden skewers in water, 20 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk 14 cup olive oil, the vinegar, rosemary, mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the marinade, then add the steak to the bowl with the remaining marinade and toss set aside at room temperature, 20 minutes.nCook the couscous as the label directs toss with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste.nWhile the couscous is cooking, preheat a large grill pan over high heat. Thread the steak onto the skewers. Toss the onion rounds and tomatoes in a bowl with the reserved 2 tablespoons marinade.nBrush the grill pan with olive oil and add the kebabs and onion rounds. Cook the onion, turning once, until charred and tender, 4 to 6 minutes. Cook the kebabs, turning a few times, until charred all over, 8 to 10 minutes for medium rare. Transfer the kebabs and onion to a plate and season with salt. Add the tomatoes to the pan, cutside down, and cook, turning once, until charred and softened, about 4 minutes. Serve the kebabs with the couscous, tomatoes and onion.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 pounds tritip steak, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 12 cups Israeli couscous, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 large red onion, cut into 4 thick rounds, 4 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise], title: Beef Kebabs With Couscous, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 44145: {instructions: For the sour mix: Combine the lemon juice and Simple Syrup in a glass and stir together.nFor the emerald isle: Fill a cocktail shaker halfway with ice. Add the vodka, rum, Irish whiskey, blue curacao, 34 ounce of the sour mix and the orange juice. Shake once and strain into a Collins glass filled with ice. Garnish with the lime wedge.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 ounce fresh lemon juice, 12 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 12 ounce vodka, 12 ounce rum, 12 ounce Irish whiskey, 12 ounce blue curacao, 2 ounces orange juice, 1 lime wedge, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Emerald Isle, picturelink: null}, 44146: {instructions: Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves and salt in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and brown sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs one at a time, fully incorporating each before adding the next. Add the molasses, yogurt, ginger and lemon zest and beat until smooth, scraping the sides of the bowl as needed. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture to make a sticky batter do not overmix. Fold in the oats and half of the raisins, cranberries and walnuts. Mix the remaining dried fruit and nuts in a small bowl and set aside.nDrop heaping tablespoonfuls of batter onto the prepared baking sheets. Top each with some of the reserved driedfruitandnut mixture and chill for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nBake the cookies until dark golden but still soft, 10 to 12 minutes cool on a rack. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week.nPhotograph by Marko Metzinger, ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch of ground cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 14 cup molasses, 14 cup lowfat plain Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest about 1 lemon, 12 cup oldfashioned oats, 1 14 cups golden raisins, 1 14 cups dried cranberries, 1 14 cups roughly chopped walnuts, toasted], title: FluFighter Cookies, picturelink: 48MaUKZkGWK17inmi4zZpr1to8Jcebe}, 44147: {instructions: Make a lengthwise cut on 1 side of the guajillo chiles and remove seeds. Put chiles in a bowl and cover with boiling water, letting soak for 20 minutes or until soft. Place chiles and some of the soaking water in a blender, puree with garlic and onion, strain and set aside.nCook the potatoes whole with skin on in salted water for about 25 minutes or until they feel soft. Then remove the skin and cut into small dice.nIn a mediumsize nonstick skillet cook the chorizo at low heat and remove all the excess oil, add the diced potatoes and mix season with salt.nStuff the bread with the potatochorizo mixture. Dip the stuffed bread in the guajillo sauce and saute in the hot oil on both sides.nRight before serving mix the cabbage with the vinegar, divide and insert into the sandwich., ingredients: [8 guajillo chiles, 2 garlic cloves, 12 medium yellow onion, 2 medium potatoes, 6 ounces Mexican chorizo, casings removed, Salt, 4 4inches long pambazos, teleras, or Frenchbread rolls, slit lengthwise and with some bread removed, Canola oil, for frying, as needed, 1 cup very thinly sliced red cabbage, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar], title: Pambazos Michoacanos: MichocacAN Style Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 44148: {instructions: For the veggie mini burgers: Bring 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add the quinoa, cover and reduce the heat to low. Cook until the water is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the quinoa from the saucepan and spread out onto a baking sheet. Cool completely.nPuree half the can of cannellini in the bowl of a food processor. Add 14 cup of the cooked quinoa save the rest for another time, the cannellini puree, the remaining whole cannellini, corn, panko, cilantro, salt, chili powder, cumin, garlic, pepper and lemon juice in a large bowl. Mix until the mixture comes together. Form 8 small patties, about 2ounces each. Refrigerate the patties for 15 minutes to firm up.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Cook the patties until golden brown, 5 to 8 minutes per side.nFor the sandwich build: Place 2 patties inside each pita, top with a dollop of Cucumber Yogurt Sauce, some lettuce and tomato. Serve while on the elliptical machine.nMix the cucumbers, yogurt, lemon juice, tahini, sugar, garlic in a small bowl. Sprinkle with hot sauce, salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 cup quinoa, rinsed, One 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 whole wheat large pitas, about 8inches in diameter, warmed, Cucumber Yogurt Sauce, recipe follows, Red leaf lettuce, 1 large beef steak tomato, sliced, 12 cup English cucumber, diced, 12 cup nonfat Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons tahini, 14 teaspoon sugar, 1 small clove garlic, grated, Hot sauce, for sprinkling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Veggie Mini Burger Pita with Cucumber Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: UkGPbmqrUsYgqfNfGxrR44Dyhraxj6y}, 44149: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Pit and thinly slice olives. In a small bowl stir together olives, goat cheese, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste until combined well. Pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper.nTo form a pocket in chicken for filling: Put a chicken breast half on a cutting board and, beginning in middle of 1 side of breast half, horizontally insert a sharp thin knife threefourths of the way through center, moving knife in a fanning motion to create a pocket. Form pocket in remaining breast half in same manner. Divide filling between pockets and spread evenly with a finger.nPat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. In a small heavy ovenproof skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and brown chicken, skin sides down, about 2 minutes. Turn chicken over and brown about 2 minutes more. Transfer skillet to middle of oven and bake chicken until cooked through, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [12 kalamata or other brinecured black olives, 2 ounces soft mild goat cheese 2 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 boneless chicken breast halves with skin, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil], title: Goat Cheese and OliveStuffed Chicken Breasts, picturelink: null}, 44150: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the shredded green and purple cabbage in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, mix the milk, mayonnaise, sugar, vinegar, black pepper, cayenne, salt and chipotles and adobo sauce. Add more milk if you like the dressing a little thinner.nPour the dressing over the cabbage and toss to combine. Just before serving, toss in the cilantro. You can mix the slaw up to 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [12 head green cabbage, thinly sliced, 12 head purple cabbage, thinly sliced, 2 cups whole milk, plus more if needed for thinning, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 teaspoons white vinegar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, chopped, plus 1 tablespoon adobo sauce, 2 cup fresh cilantro, barely chopped], title: Chipotle Slaw, picturelink: I6zgJykD6NMd4rviu5qESdk0s02HU2}, 44151: {instructions: Whisk the pumpkin puree, milk, 2 cups of water, the dried cranberries, brown sugar, pumpkin spice, vanilla and a large pinch of salt together in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, then add the oats and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Gently simmer, stirring frequently, until the oats are tender and the oatmeal is the consistency you like, 10 to 15 minutes 15 minutes for very thick oatmeal.nLadle the oatmeal into bowls and serve drizzled with milk and sprinkled with a little extra sugar and pumpkin seeds., ingredients: [One 15ounce can pure pumpkin puree, 2 cups milk, plus more for serving, 12 cup dried cranberries or raisins, 14 cup light brown sugar packed, plus more for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 2 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, Pepitas toasted pumpkin seeds, for serving], title: Pumpkin Spice Oatmeal, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 44152: {instructions: Make the ceviche: Put a large pot of water over high heat and add the lemon, garlic, bay leaves, peppercorns and salt, to taste. When it comes to a boil add the shrimp and turn off the heat. Let the shrimp poach just until they are cooked through, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the shrimp to a sheet pan and refrigerate. When they are cool slice them in half lengthwise. Combine the coconut milk, lime juice, onion, chiles, and cilantro in a large bowl and season it with salt. Add the cooled shrimp and let them marinate, refrigerated, for about 12 hour.nPrepare the coconut shells: Take a hammer and hit the coconut repeatedly not too hard around its equator, turning the coconut in your hand. It will eventually split into 2 halves. Drain the liquid from the coconuts.nTo serve: Pour the salt onto a large platter and nestle the coconut halves into the salt so they stand upright. Divide the ceviche among the coconut halves garnish with drizzles of lime juice, olive oil and cilantro., ingredients: [1 lemon, halved, 1 head garlic, halved, 3 bay leaves, 8 peppercorns, Sea salt, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled, 2 cups coconut milk, 12 cup lime juice about 6 to 8 limes, plus more for drizzling, 1 red onion, sliced thin, 2 serrano chiles, sliced thin, 12 bunch freshly chopped cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 4 coconuts, 2 cups rock or kosher salt, for serving, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Shrimp Ceviche Served in Coconuts, picturelink: zsWj6y8CVRCKxazGDok6b7vCt.iEqC}, 44153: {instructions: Peel gingerroot and cut crosswise into thin slices. In a medium saucepan boil water, gingerroot, honey, sugar and zest, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Remove pan from heat and steep tea, covered, 45 minutes. Uncover tea and cool completely. Remove gingerroot and zest with a slotted spoon and discard. Transfer tea to a pitcher and stir in lemon juice. Chill tea, covered, until cold and up to 2 days.Serve tea over ice in tall glasses and garnish with lemon slices., ingredients: [4inch piece fresh gingerroot, 6 cups water, 12 cup honey, 12 cup sugar, Zest of 2 lemons, removed with a vegetable peeler, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, Garnish: Lemon slices], title: Iced Lemon Ginger Tea, picturelink: null}, 44154: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs plus 14 cup of milk or cream until no longer stringy, about 1 minute. Over mediumlow heat, melt butter in a large nonstick saute pan. Pour the eggs into a pan and using a wooden spoon or rubber spatula, gently stir the eggs and cook over low heat. The eggs will turn creamy with soft curds. When the eggs have nearly lost the raw look toss in the marjoram, thyme, scallion, Parmesan cheese, and salt and pepper and stir to distribute. Once the eggs are no longer runny, but still very creamy and moist, immediately pour a little splash of milk 1 or 2 teaspoons on the eggs to stop the cooking, and remove the eggs from the heat. Serve immediately with wedges of lemon as garnish and Green Salad.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the mustard and the vinegar. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to make an emulsion. Season with salt and pepper.nToss the green salad with the vinaigrette and serve., ingredients: [9 large eggs, 14 cup milk or cream, plus a splash, 14 cup butter, 1 tablespoon minced fresh marjoram or oregano, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 12 scallion, minced green only, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lemon wedges, for serving, Green Salad, recipe follows, 1 head green, red or butter lettuce, torn into small pieces 5 cups mesclun salad mix, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Velvet Scrambled Eggs with Fresh Herbs, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 44155: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the oil, lime juice, salt and pepper. Pour over the fish fillets and let marinate for 20 minutes. Put the yogurt into a strainer lined with apaper towel and place over a bowl to drain and thicken for 20 minutes.nRemove the fish from the marinade and grill on a preheated grill or nonstick grill pan over a mediumhigh heat until cooked thorough, about 3 minutes per side. Set the fish aside on a plate for 5 minutes.nIn a small bowl combine the thickened yogurt, mayonnaise, and chipotle pepper.nHeat the tortillas on the grill or grill pan for 30 seconds on each side.nFlake the fish with a fork. Top each tortilla with 1 tablespoon of the chipotle cream. Top with fish, cabbage, corn and cilantro and serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound white flaky fish fillet, like tilapia or halibut, 12 cup plain nonfat yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons chipotle pepper, in adobo sauce, 8 6inch corn tortillas, 1 12 cups shredded green cabbage or lettuce, 12 cup corn kernels thawed if frozen, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, Lime wedges], title: Fish Tacos with Chipotle Cream, picturelink: sVNCu.Va7Q7kA4u2jKrRlB7Vduf389S}, 44156: {instructions: In a heavy bottom sauce pan, add coconut milk and orange juice, and over mediumhigh heat, reduce liquid by half. Thicken by mixing the cornstarch and water together to form a slurry and adding to the reduced mixture, stirring constantly. Reduce the heat and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes more. Add tarragon and orange zest, turn off heat, and allow to rest.nTake the tuna and season the whole outside with salt and pepper if the tuna loin is too big, you may cut in half or quarters lengthwise for ease of cooking. Using a heavy bottom skillet or saute pan, add grape seed oil and heat until smoking. Place tuna loin in oil gently and leave for 2 minutes or until golden brown on that side. Turn and repeat on all sides of tuna. Remove from heat and allow to rest for 5 minutes.nTo serve, place a little sauce on plate, slice the tuna thinly, and arrange on sauce. The tuna should have an appearance of being cooked on the outside and raw on the inside.nNote: please use only highquality tuna, ingredients: [1 15.5ounce can coconut milk, 4 oranges, 1 zested and all juiced, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon or mint, 2 pounds loin of ahi tuna not steaks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grape seed oil], title: Rock Salt Crusted Ahi Tuna in Orange Coconut Glaze, picturelink: null}, 44157: {instructions: For the snapper: Heat 14 inch oil in a heavybottomed skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Whisk together the flour, salt, garlic powder and black pepper. Dip the fish evenly in the eggs, and then in the flour mixture. Fry until golden brown, then flip and finish cooking on the other side. Do not overcook. Set aside and keep warm.nFor the salmon croquettes: Mix together the breadcrumbs, onions, bell peppers, salt, garlic powder, black pepper, eggs and salmon in a bowl. Form into nicely round patties proceed AS IF you were making a hamburger patty.nPour enough oil into a heavybottomed skillet to just cover the bottom and heat over medium heat until hot. Fry the croquettes for about 4 minutes per side.nFor the eggs: Melt the butter in a skillet. Pour in the eggs and scramble to desired consistency.nServe the eggs with the snapper and salmon croquettes., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, Four 10 to 12ounce pieces red snapper, rinsed, patted dry, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons seasoned salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 eggs, beaten, 13 cup breadcrumbs, 14 cup chopped onions, 14 cup chopped bell peppers, 2 tablespoons seasoned salt, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, Two 12ounce cans salmon, deboned and juice drained, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 eggs, beaten], title: Serving Spoon Breakfast, picturelink: null}, 44158: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Saute the shallots until opaque, a few minutes. Add the parsley, wine, pepper, sea salt and lemon juice. Turn the heat up to high and bring the mixture to a boil. Let reduce for 3 minutes. Add the mussels, cover and shake the pot every minute so that the mussels cook evenly. When the mussels open, theyre done. Discard any unopened ones.nToast the bread, rub with the garlic clove and spread with butter. Spoon 6 to 8 mussels into each bowl and add 2 slices of bread., ingredients: [12 cup 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the bread, 4 shallots, minced, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 1 cup good white wine, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked pepper, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 6 Meyer lemons, juiced, 2 pounds fresh mussels, cleaned, Crusty bread, for serving, 1 clove garlic], title: Mussels in White Wine and Meyer Lemon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44159: {instructions: Special equipment: a pasta roller or heavy rolling pin a pastry brushnFor the cookies: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the confectioners sugar and butter. Add the lemon extract, vanilla extract and eggs, and mix until the eggs are incorporated. Add the flour, 1 cup at a time, mixing between each addition, and then add the zest. The dough should be soft, but not sticky. Roll out the dough between two sheets of parchment paper to about 14inch thick. Use snowflake cookie cutters to cut out the cookies 25 to 30 cookies depending on the size and place on the prepared sheets. Bake for 7 to 10 minutes. Transfer the cookies to cooling racks and cool to room temperature before decorating.nRoll out the modeling chocolate using a pasta roller or heavy rolling pin to 18inch thick. Using the same snowflake cookie cutter wiped clean with a paper towel, cut out the snowflake shapes.nFor the syrup: Warm the corn syrup in the microwave, 20 to 30 seconds, then stir in the almond extract.nUsing a pastry brush, paint the top of a cookie with the syrup and immediately, but carefully, place a modeling chocolate snowflake on top. Position the modeling chocolate carefully before setting on a cookie, as it will stick very quickly. Rub your fingers over the edges gently to secure the modeling chocolate. Repeat for the remaining cookies.nUse the remaining syrup to decorate the cookies. Paint a design, the edges or the entire surface of the cookies, and top with nonpareils, sanding sugar, crystal sugar or other decorations., ingredients: [3 cups confectioners sugar, 2 cups salted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon lemon extract, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 5 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, 3 tablespoons Meyer lemon zest, 1 to 2 pounds pure white modeling chocolate, such as Sweetastic, Serving suggestions: nonpareils, sanding sugar, crystal sugar or other decorations, 12 cup light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon almond extract], title: Lemon Sugar Cookie Snowflakes, picturelink: KYYfjogzha9ck6OhenS.GgGZZDgFDK}, 44160: {instructions: Puree the tomatoes in a blender, then press through a fine sieve into a small bowl. Discard the solids.nAdd the tomato puree and all the remaining ingredients to a pitcher. To serve, divide the mixture among 4 large glasses filled with ice. Garnish each drink with a skewer and serve.nMuffuletta Skewers:nSkewer the meats, cheese, okra, peppers, and olives in a desired fashion., ingredients: [1 to 2 pounds cherry tomatoes, 34 cup vodka, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, or to taste, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, Pinch cayenne, Pinch coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, Ice, 4 skewers, 14 pound pepper ham, cubed, 14 pound mortadella, cubed, 14 pound salami, cubed, 14 pound provolone cheese, cubed, Pickled okra, Roasted red peppers, Large pitted black olives], title: Spicy Bloody Mary with Muffuletta Skewers, picturelink: null}, 44161: {instructions: Steam the spinach, then set aside to drain well and cool.nHeat oil over medium heat in a saute pan, dust the veal cutlets with flour and shake off any excess. Sear the veal on both sides quickly, just to brown coating. Be careful not to overcook veal. Remove cutlets to a baking sheet and allow to cool. You want the cooking process to stop. To the same pan add the butter and garlic, allowing butter to melt and sizzle for a short while. Deglaze the pan with the white wine, then add the demiglace and allow this sauce to reduce by half.nSet 1 of the racks in the oven to the topmost level and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Top each of the veal cutlets with some spinach, sage leaves, a slice of prosciutto, and Swiss cheese. Place into the oven on the top rack only long enough to melt cheese and warm. Do not leave in too long. You do not want the veal to cook any further.nTo finish sauce, remove from heat and whisk in cubed butter. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSpoon sauce onto serving plate and top with veal cutlet. Serve with buttered noodles or steamed julienned vegetables as an accompaniment., ingredients: [1 pound wilted spinach wellwashed, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 3 pounds thinly sliced veal cutlets, Potato flour or allpurpose flour, for dusting, 6 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup demiglace brown sauce, 12 fresh sage leaves, chopped or whole, 6 slices prosciutto, 6 ounces sliced Swiss cheese, 12 stick butter, cut into cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Buttered noodles or julienned steamed vegetables, as an accompaniment], title: Veal Saltimbocca, picturelink: i7iYerbCGTFYDO0X8cP8zw45bTUXGSq}, 44162: {instructions: To prepare the eggplant: Pour 3 quarts of water into a very large bowl or large pan. Add the salt and stir well.nTrim the eggplants, slicing off the very top and bottom, and then peel them. Cut them, crosswise, into about 5 slices each. Each slice should be about 1 14 to 1 12 inches thick. Put the slices into the salty water as you cut them. The slices will float. Upturn a plate on top of the slices and balance a weight such as a clean glass jar filled with water on top of the plate. Set aside for 3 to 10 hours.nRemove the slices from the water and pat them dry.nPour about enough oil into a large pan to come to a depth of 34 inches, and set over medium heat. Allow time for the oil to get very hot, then put in as many eggplant slices as the pan will hold in a single layer and fry for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, or until reddishgold. Remove to a large plate or tray lined with a double thickness of paper towels. Fry all the eggplant slices this way, adding more oil, if needed, and using as many plates or trays as you see fit. I like to change the paper towels at least once. I also pat the tops of the slices with more paper towel. The eggplants may now be set aside for 3 to 4 hours, if desired.nTo make the Tomatochickpea sauce: Either use 3 tablespoons from the frying oil or, if you prefer, fresh oil, and pour it into a large, lidded pan. Set the pan over mediumhigh heat, and, when the oil is very hot, put in the chiles and mustard seeds. As soon as the mustard seeds begin to pop, a matter of seconds, add the garlic. Stir quickly once, then put in the tomatoes, curry leaves, chickpeas, salt, cumin, coriander, and turmeric. Stir and bring to a simmer. Cover, reduce the heat to low, and simmer gently for 20 minutes. Remove the chiles before serving.nTo make the yogurt sauce: Put the yogurt in a small bowl and beat lightly with a fork or small whisk until smooth. Stir in the salt and cumin. Cover and refrigerate, if not using within 2 hours.nTo make the tamarind chutney: Combine the tamarind paste, sugar, salt, and cumin in a small cup. Mix well. Cover and refrigerate, if not using within 2 hours.nTo prepare the dish: When ready to serve, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spread out the eggplant slices in a single layer on a baking tray and dust very lightly with salt and black pepper. Place in the oven and heat through, about 15 minutes. If oil accumulates at the bottom of the tray, pour it out.nHeat the tomatochickpea sauce.nArrange the eggplant slices on a very large platter in a single layer. Pour a small ladleful of the tomatochickpea sauce on top of each slice. Center 2 tablespoons of the yogurt sauce on top of the tomatochickpea sauce and then put a generous dot of the tamarind chutney on top of the yogurt. Garnish with mint leaves., ingredients: [3 tablespoons salt, 3 large eggplants each about 1 pound and 2 ounces, Peanut or corn oil, for deep frying, 3 tablespoons peanut or corn oil, 2 whole hot dried red chiles, 1 teaspoon whole brown mustard seeds, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 28ounce can goodquality whole tomatoes, finely chopped, with the liquid, 10 fresh curry leaves, if available use basil as an alternative with a different flavor, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed or 12 ounces cooked and drained, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 10 tablespoons plain yogurt, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons thick tamarind paste, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground roasted cumin seeds, A little extra salt and freshly ground pepper, fresh mint or cilantro leaves, for garnishing], title: The Best Eggplants Ever, picturelink: null}, 44163: {instructions: Heat oil to 350 degrees F.nMix all seasonings together then divide into 2 parts. Season chicken breast with half of the seasoning on both sides. Add half of remaining seasoning and 3 tablespoons of chopped fresh parsley to bread crumbs and mix. Dip chicken in flour, then in eggs, then in bread crumbs. Fry chicken until golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Simmer the marinara sauce in saucepan over medium heat. Place 2 slices of mozzarella cheese on each breast. Pour the warmed marinara sauce over the cheese, drizzle with White Sauce and serve.nHeat the garlic and heavy cream in a medium saucepan, until simmering. Turn off heat, add butter, and whisk vigorously until fully incorporated. Add 1 tablespoon fresh parsley and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 quarts oil, for deepfrying, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, Four 6ounce pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast pounded thin, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, slightly beaten, 1 quart favorite storebought marinara sauce, White Sauce, recipe follows, 8 slices mozzarella cheese, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh garlic, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 44164: {instructions: Sprinkle cabbage with the 12 tablespoon of salt and let stand for 30 minutes. Place the cabbage on a clean dishtowel or cheesecloth and squeeze out any water. The dryer the cabbage the better. In a large bowl thoroughly mix the cabbage with all of the other ingredients, except the chicken stock. Cook a tester to check the seasoning.nGUEST CHEF: MINGS MOM IRIS LEE TSAI .nIn a stainless steel bowl mix flour and salt. Slowly add hot water to flour in 14 cup increments. Mix with chopsticks until a ball is formed and the dough is not too hot to handle. On a floured surface, knead dough until it becomes a smooth, elastic ball. Place back in bowl and cover with a damp cloth. Allow to rest for at least 1 hour. Working on a floured surface with floured hands, roll out dough to form a long noodle, 1inch in diameter. Cut 12inch pieces and turn them over so the cut sides are facing up. Flatten with your palm and roll out thin using a rolling pin. The dumpling wrapper should end up about 3 inches in diameter.nMAKING THE DUMPLINGS: Place a small mound of filling in the middle of the wrapper. Be very careful not to touch the edges with the filling as this will impede proper sealing of the dumplings. Nothing is worse than dumplings breaking during cooking. Fold the wrapper in half to form a half moon shape. Starting on one end foldpinch the wrapper tightly together. Proceed with this foldpinch method until the dumpling is completely sealed. There will be approximately 10 to 14 folds per dumpling. Rest the dumplings with the folded edges straight up.nCOOKING THE DUMPLINGS: In a hot saute pan coated well with oil, place pot stickers flat side down and cook until the bottom is browned. Have pan cover ready and add 1 cup of chicken stock, cover immediately. Be careful, the liquid will splatter The stock will steam the pot stickers. Check them in 5 minutes as more stock may be needed. The trick here is that once the dumplings are firm and fully cooked the stock will evaporate and the bottoms will crispup again.nCombine all and serve in a small bowl.nPLATING: Serve pot stickers on a large platter lined with lettuce with a bowl of dipping sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 cups chopped napa cabbage, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 pound ground pork Dont get lean pork, the fat is good for juicy and flavorful dumplings, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 12 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 egg, 1 to 2 cups chicken stock or water, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 to 1 34 cups boiling water, 13 cup thin soy sauce, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 13 cup sliced scallions, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sambal], title: Pork and Ginger Pot Stickers, picturelink: null}, 44165: {instructions: Season chicken breast with salt and pepper and place in a nonreactive dish. Combine all ingredients for the marinade and pour over the chicken. Let the chicken marinade for 24 hours, basting the chicken a couple of times during this period to keep it coated with the marinade. Grill the chicken about 5 to 8 minutes per side, depending on thickness. Do not overcook or the chicken will be dry., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken breast, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons freshly crushed garlic, 2 tablespoons freshly crushed shallot, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 seeded and finely diced jalapeno], title: Chicken Tacos, picturelink: null}, 44166: {instructions: Special equipment: latex gloves for handling peppers, optional, and toothpicks or small wooden skewersnPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Set a wire rack over a baking sheet.nIf you have them, slip on some latex gloves for the pepper prep. Cut the jalapenos in half lengthwise. With a spoon, remove the seeds and white membranes the source of the heat leave a little if you like things HOT. Smear cream cheese into each jalapeno half and then wrap with a bacon piece 12 slice. Secure by sticking a toothpick through the middle. Place on the rack in the baking sheet.nBake for 40 to 45 minutes. You dont want the bacon pieces to shrink so much they start to squeeze the jalapenos. If after 45 minutes the bacon doesnt look brown enough, just keep cooking until the bacon is sizzling.nServe immediately, or theyre also great at room temperature., ingredients: [20 fresh jalapenos, 2 to 3 inches in size, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, slightly softened, 1 pound thin regular bacon, slices cut in half], title: Jalapeno Poppers, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 44167: {instructions: Refrigerate the steaks, uncovered, at least 4 hours or overnight. This dries out the meats surface so it develops a better char.nPrepare a grill for indirect heat: For gas, preheat to medium high, 30 minutes, then turn off the burners on one side and turn the other burners to medium low. For charcoal, once the coals ash over, push them to one side. Rub the steaks with the garlic and let sit at room temperature, 30 minutes.nBrush the grill grates with vegetable oil. Sear the steaks over direct heat until charred on the bottom, 5 to 10 minutes. Turn, season with salt and pepper and char the other side, 5 to 10 more minutes. Turn the steaks again and transfer to the cooler side of the grill with the smaller ends away from the heat. Season the steaks with salt and pepper and grill, turning every 2 minutes, until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat registers 125 degrees F for medium rare, 8 to 12 minutes.nTransfer the steaks to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes before slicing. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle with the olive oil. Serve with lemon wedges, if desired.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 2to3pound porterhouse or Tbone steaks about 1 12 inches thick, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Vegetable oil, for the grill, Coarse sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, cut into wedges optional], title: Grilled FlorentineStyle Steaks, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 44168: {instructions: Bring about 2inches of water to a simmer in a large saucepan.nIn the bowl of a mixer, fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the eggs and sugar together until very light yellow and fluffy. Mix in the lemon juice and lemon zest. Rest the mixing bowl in the saucepan, with the bowls base resting above, not in, the simmering water pour out some water if necessary. Cook, whisking occasionally, until the mixture is thickened and custardlike, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, halffill a large bowl with ice and cover with cold water. Remove the bowl with the custard in it from the hot water and whisk in the butter until melted. Rest the bottom of the bowl in the ice bath and let cool, folding the mixture occasionally to cool and thicken it.nIn a mixer, fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the cream until stiff. Fold into the cooled lemon custard. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. The recipe can be made up to this point and kept refrigerated up to 3 days in advance.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFlour a work surface and lay out the puff pastry. Roll the sheets lightly with a rolling pin until smooth and flattened. Use your large cookie cutter to cut out rounds from the puff pastry. Hollow out the centers by pushing halfway down with your small cookie cutter. Do not pull out the centers yet youll do that after they are baked. Arrange on an ungreased cookie sheet and bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. After 10 minutes, rotate the pan to ensure even cooking. When baked, immediately remove to a wire rack and let cool to room temperature.nCut around the centers with a paring knife to loosen, but dont cut all the way through to the bottom. You want to leave a thin layer of pastry to hold the filling. Pull out the centers to make a hollow in the center of each pastry round.nNot more than 4 hours before serving, spoon or pipe a generous dollop of custard into each pastry round. Sprinkle the custard with chopped pistachios. Serve within 4 hours., ingredients: [2 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice from 3 to 4 lemons, 12 lemon, zest freshly grated, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, slightly softened at room temperature, 12 cup chilled heavy cream, 1 package puff pastry 2 sheets, thawed, 2 tablespoons chopped pistachios, Additional equipment: Flowershaped or round cookie cutter, preferably fluted, 2 to 2 12 inches across, round cookie cutter, 1 inch across, cookie sheet], title: Lemon Cream Daisies, picturelink: null}, 44169: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Generously brush a large skillet with butter, then rub with the garlic. Combine the mozzarella, asiago and raclette in a bowl.nHeat the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the potatoes, spreading them out. Sprinkle with 34 teaspoon salt, half of the cutup butter, half of the shredded cheese blend, and pepper to taste. Arrange the remaining potatoes on top. Sprinkle with 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Pour the cream over the potatoes, then add the nutmeg and bay leaves simmer 3 minutes. Dot the potatoes with the remaining cutup butter.nGenerously brush a shallow baking dish with butter slide the potatoes into the dish arrange with a fork, if desired. If your skillet is ovenproof, you can skip this step and bake the potatoes in the skillet.nSprinkle the potatoes with the parmesan and the remaining shredded cheese blend. Bake until golden, about 25 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes before serving. Discard the bay leaves.nPhotograph courtesy Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for brushing, 12 clove garlic, 13 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 13 cup shredded asiago cheese, 13 cup shredded raclette or comte cheese, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and sliced 18 inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 4 fresh bay leaves, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese], title: FourCheese Scalloped Potatoes, picturelink: JIr.fOsnQPQnHBTFme8QZIKvJNaLZpS}, 44170: {instructions: Almonds: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F. Spread almonds on a baking sheet and toast for 15 minutes, or until the almonds are golden brown. Remove from the oven and set aside. Poppy Seed Crust: Raise the oven temperature to 475 degrees F. Combine flour, salt and poppy seeds in a bowl. Cut butter or margarine into mixture until its uniform but coarse. Sprinkle with water, toss with a fork and press into a ball. Roll out onto a floured surface. Line a 9inch pie plate, leaving 1 inch hanging over the edge. Fold under and flute. Prick side and bottom. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, or until lightly browned. Filling: Soften gelatin in 14 cup cranberry juice. Set aside. Chop cranberries and place in the blender. Add 1 cup cranberry juice and blend. In a mediumsize saucepan, boil the cranberry mixture for 3 minutes over medium heat. Add the sugar and stir until its dissolved. Remove from heat and add the softened gelatin. Place 1 12 cups mixture in the pie shell. Refrigerate. Set aside the remaining filling to cool at room temperature. When mixture in pie shell is cooled and slightly thickened, mix 13 cup almonds and 2 cups whipped topping into the remaining cranberry mixture. Spoon the cranberry mixture on top of the pie shell. Chill at least 2 hours in refrigerator. Before serving, garnish with the remaining whipped topping and almonds., ingredients: [13 cup plus 2 tablespoons slivered almonds, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 12 cup butter or margarine, 3 tablespoons water, 1 envelope unflavored gelatin, 14 cranberry juice, plus 1 cup, 2 cups cranberries, fresh or frozen, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 8 ounces whipped topping], title: Cranberry Poppy Seed Pie, picturelink: null}, 44171: {instructions: Bring 4 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the hibiscus flowers, agave syrup and lime zest and let steep 7 to 10 minutes.nStrain through a sieve into a pitcher, discarding the solids. Add the lime juice, 2 cups cold water and 2 cups ice. Serve over ice and garnish with lime., ingredients: [34 cup dried hibiscus flowers, 12 cup agave syrup, Grated zest and juice of 1 lime, plus lime slices for garnish], title: HibiscusLime Tea, picturelink: 30PjJhwDGO.wP.P.1jExFJZM18Ju9WW}, 44172: {instructions: Make the ribs: Heat the canola oil in a large saucepan over high heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 370 degrees F. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Bring the chicken stock to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.nPut the ribs in the boiling water and cook 10 minutes. Transfer to the paper towellined baking sheet to drain for a few seconds. Season both sides of the ribs with salt and pepper, then fry in the hot oil, in batches if necessary, until golden brown, about 5 minutes.nPour the hot chicken stock into a small roasting pan and whisk in a few tablespoons of the barbecue sauce. Add the ribs and brush them with more of the barbecue sauce. Transfer to the oven and cook until falloffthebone tender, 30 to 40 minutes, brushing with more sauce every 5 minutes or so.nMeanwhile, make the bison loin: Season both sides of the loin with salt and pepper and coat one side with the steak rub.nHeat the canola oil in a medium ovenproof skillet over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Sear the loin, rubside down, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook 1 more minute. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook until a thermometer inserted into the center registers 130 degrees F for medium rare, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes before slicing into 4 thick pieces.nLadle some of the green and red chile sauces side by side on a large dinner plate top with 1 slice of the loin. Stack 2 ribs on the other side of the plate. Garnish the loin with cilantro, if desired., ingredients: [4 cups canola oil, Kosher salt, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 rack bison back ribs about 2 pounds, cut into 8 ribs, Freshly ground pepper, 1 9.7ounce jar Mesa Grill Barbecue Sauce available at bobbyflay.com, 1 pound bison loin, trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 to 4 tablespoons Bobby Flay Steak Rub available at bobbyflay.com, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Green and red chile sauces at right, Cilantro leaves, for garnish optional], title: Native American Buffalo Plate, picturelink: VjpHYZvXCCWHMtcnf3.wXNwaaaQcF5m}, 44173: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 2quart souffle dish and coat the surface evenly with the sugar, tapping out the excess.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the milk, and halfandhalf, 12 cup sugar, and the butter. Bring the mixture to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Very slowly, to avoid lumps, whisk in the grits and salt. Add the egg yolks to a small bowl and the egg whites to a large bowl. Stir a little of the hot grits, into the egg yolks, to temper, then add the yolks to the pan and whisk to combine. Add the lemon zest, cinnamon and nutmeg. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring constantly, until the mixture is thickened and cooked through, about 15 minutes.nUsing an electric mixer, whip the egg whites to soft peaks. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar, and continue whipping until stiff peaks form. Fold 13 of the meringue into the grits to lighten, and then fold in the remaining meringue. Scrape the batter into the prepared souffle dish and bake in the center oven rack until the souffle is golden but the center still jiggles, 40 to 45 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the souffle dish, 12 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, plus more for souffle dish, 2 12 cups milk, 1 cup halfand half, 1 cup quick cooking grits, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 3 eggs, separated], title: Souffled Grit Pudding, picturelink: null}, 44174: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender, combine all of the ingredients and pulse for 10 seconds. Place the crepe batter in the refrigerator for 1 hour. This allows the bubbles to subside so the crepes will be less likely to tear during cooking. The batter will keep for up to 48 hours.nHeat a small nonstick pan. Add butter to coat. Pour 1 ounce of batter into the center of the pan and swirl to spread evenly. Cook for 30 seconds and flip. Cook for another 10 seconds and remove to the cutting board. Lay them out flat so they can cool. Continue until all batter is gone. After they have cooled you can stack them and store in sealable plastic bags in the refrigerator for several days or in the freezer for up to two months. When using frozen crepes, thaw on a rack before gently peeling apart.nSavory Variation Add 14 teaspoon salt and 14 cup chopped fresh herbs, spinach or sundried tomatoes to the egg mixture.nSweet Variation Add 212 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract and 2 tablespoons of your favorite liqueur to the egg mixture., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 34 cup milk, 12 cup water, 1 cup flour, 3 tablespoons melted butter, Butter, for coating the pan], title: Crepes, picturelink: RQvTnlKqUxXHsuMgZucQoEModzqBuDa}, 44175: {instructions: In a large heavy bottomed pot, over mediumhigh heat, add 12 the olive oil and heat. When the oil is hot, brown the lamb. Add the onions and saute until soft. Add the tomatoes and all of the dried fruit. Season generously, to taste, with salt, pepper, cinnamon stick and spice blend. Simmer on a medium heat for about 1 to 1 12 hours, or until very tender.nCombine all ingredients in a mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish the lamb with a tablespoon of yogurt.n1 tablespoon cumin seedn2 tablespoons cardamom seedn2 tablespoons coriandern1 tablespoon paprikan1 tablespoon black peppercornn2 cinnamon sticksn1 tablespoon ground nutmegn1 tablespoon clovesnIn a shallow saute pan, toast all of the spices over a medium heat. Allow to cool. Grind in a coffee grinder to a fine power., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 pounds lamb stew meat, 2 white onions, medium diced, 2 14 12ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 14 cup dried currants, 14 cup dried cherries, 14 cup golden raisin, 12 cup dried apricots, julienne, Salt and pepper, 1 cinnamon stick, Blended spices, recipe follows, 14 cup unflavored yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped mint leaves, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Salt and pepper], title: Lamb Stewed with Tomato and Dried Fruit, picturelink: null}, 44176: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. If using crescent rolls: Remove dough from can in 2 rolled sections do not unroll. Cut each section into 8 slices. If using dough sheets: Remove dough from can do not unroll. Cut into 16 slices. Place slices, cut side down, on ungreased cookie sheet to form tree. To form tree, start by placing 1 slice for top arrange 2 slices just below, with sides touching. Continue arranging a row of 3 slices, then a row of 4 slices, and ending with a row of 5 slices. Use remaining slice for tree trunk. Bake 11 to 13 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 1 minute on cookie sheet. Carefully loosen with spatula slide onto cooling rack. Cool 10 minutes. Place tree on serving platter or tray. In small bowl, mix cream cheese and powdered sugar blend well. Spread mixture over tree. Decorate tree with fruit as desired. High Altitude 35006500 ft: Bake 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00aerefrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu00bf refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 1 container 8 oz cream cheese with strawberries, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 cup sliced fresh strawberries, 1 to 2 kiwifruit, peeled, sliced and slices cut into stars, 1 to 2 oranges, peeled, cut into pieces, 1 banana, sliced], title: Crescent Fruit Treats, picturelink: 8Hw4wT36N9SoooUIlmFFRiter.Fv6YG}, 44177: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and cook until forktender, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, saute the bacon in a skillet over low heat until crispy, about 12 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nPut the eggs in a small saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat, cover and let stand 6 minutes. Drain and run under cold water to cool peel and chop.nDrain the potatoes do not rinse, transfer to a baking sheet and let cool 6 to 8 minutes. In a small bowl, combine the vinegar, mayonnaise, mustard, scallions, red onion, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer the potatoes to a large bowl and add the bacon and hardcooked eggs fold in the mayonnaise mixture. Serve at room temperature.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 pounds small redskinned potatoes, quartered, 1 pound bacon, chopped, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 34 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 6 scallions, finely chopped, 1 medium red onion, diced, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: BaconandEgg Potato Salad, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}, 44178: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the coffee, sugar, coffee liqueur, and vanilla and stir until the sugar dissolves. Pour the mixture in a flat pan thats about 9 by 13inches. Place the pan in the freezer for one hour, until it starts to become slushy around the edges. Rake the mixture with a large fork to break up the crystals and place it back into the freezer. Every 30 minutes, rake the mixture until it is completely frozen and granular throughout. Freeze until ready to serve.nSpoon the granite into pretty stemmed glasses and top with a dollop of whipped cream. Serve immediately.nPlace the cream, sugar, and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Whip on medium and then high speed until the cream just forms stiff peak., ingredients: [2 cups hot freshly brewed strong coffee, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon coffee liqueur, such as Tia Maria, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Sweetened Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 1 cup cold heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Coffee Granita with Sweetened Whipped Cream, picturelink: Lw31BW7p9MY5brjTAvBr2M26wGMgsfq}, 44179: {instructions: Cut the potatoes into 2inch cubes. Add them to a large pot, cover them with cold water, and add salt. Bring them to a boil, cook for 10 minutes, drain and cool for 20 minutes. The potatoes will now be only partly cooked and should be completely dry before you roast them.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the potatoes with the oil and salt and pepper, to taste, and spread them in one layer on a baking sheet. Roast until crispy and cooked through, about 45 minutes.nWhile the potatoes are roasting, make the herb butter: Mix the softened butter with the parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme and season it with salt and pepper, to taste.nWhen the potatoes are done, put them into a large bowl reserve 1 cup for the Round 2 Recipe and toss with the herb butter. Reserve 2 tablespoons butter for the Round 2 Recipe Pork Hash., ingredients: [1 12 pounds russet potatoes, 1 12 pounds red potatoes, 1 12 pounds sweet potatoes, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon canola oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme], title: Mixed Roasted Potatoes with Herb Butter, picturelink: ECtVZAnwK.navVzyuBhvxddPjh7zpqa}, 44180: {}, 44181: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir yeast into water to soften. Add shortening, sugar, salt, and 3 cups flour. Beat vigorously for two minutes.nGradually add flour, 14 cup at a time, until the dough begins to pull away from the side of the bowl.nTurn dough out onto an oiled bowl. Turn to coat the entire ball of dough with oil. Cover with a tightly woven towel and let rise until doubled, about one hour.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface and divide into 48 pieces for thick breadsticks or 72 pieces if you prefer thinner ones. Roll each piece into a 10inch long strand. Scatter the nuts over the work surface. Lightly roll the strand in the nuts so the strands become coated. Place on wellgreased baking sheets. Cover with a tightly woven towel and let rise until almost doubled, about 45 minutes.nAbout 10 minutes before baking, preheat oven to 400 degrees.nBake thick breadsticks for 20 minutes, thin ones for 15 minutes.nImmediately remove breadsticks from baking sheets and cool on a rack., ingredients: [2 scant tablespoons or 2 14ounce packages active dry yeast, 2 12 cups warm water about 105 to 115 degrees, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 6 to 7 cups unbleached flour, 1 cup finely chopped salted, roasted peanuts], title: Nutty Breadsticks, picturelink: null}, 44182: {instructions: Preheat over to 450 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine baking mix, prosciutto, cream and black pepper stir until just combined.nKnead dough 10 times on lightly floured surface and form into ball. Roll dough out into 12inch thick. Cut with a 2 14inch round cutter, pressing straight down do not twist cutter.nPlace biscuits on ungreased baking sheet. Lightly brush tops with oil and sprinkle with grated Parmesan. Bake for 10 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [2 14 cups baking mix recommended: Bisquick, 3 ounces prosciutto, finely chopped, 23 cup cream, 12 teaspoon black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, Grated Parmesan], title: Prosciutto Parmesan Biscuits, picturelink: Gn1YQA2BumyU2rTkMiMGBZPAvjWWzO}, 44183: {instructions: Mix ingredients together thoroughly.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nDrop mixture by spoonfuls on cookie sheet and press flat. Bake for approximately 15 minutes. Keep stored in an air tight containernIn a double boiler melt vanilla chips and oil together and stir until smooth., ingredients: [3 cups mashed banana, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 6 cups oats, 1 cup chopped peanuts, 13 cup apple sauce, unsweetened, 2 cups unsweetened vanilla chips, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Banana Mutt Cookies, picturelink: null}, 44184: {instructions: Combine all marinade ingredients and marinate the shrimp for 30 minutes. Place them on skewers and grill for 3 minutes on each side., ingredients: [1 cup tequila, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1ounce freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 12 fresh red onion, chopped, Salt and pepper, 12 medium raw shrimp], title: Tequila Lime Shrimp Skewers, picturelink: Gwx9QjUH3DQ9Oh16NgDzphD5dpArS}, 44185: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large castiron or Dutch oven casserole over medium heat, heat some olive oil and then add the pancetta, porcini, garlic, onions and carrots. They should cook slow and lightly brown, about 20 minutes.nIn another large casserole over medium heat, brown the meat slowly in olive oil until it is a nice even brown color. This process should take around 30 minutes and the mixture should be stirred frequently so it will not stick. Salt and pepper liberally. Then add the tomato paste and saute for 5 minutes.nWhen finished, deglaze the pot with the vegetables by adding 1 cup of the red wine. Next, add the vegetables and pancetta to the pot with the meat. Then add the remaining red wine to deglaze the pot. Scrape all the bits and pieces that might accumulate and reduce by half, about 10 minutes. Then add the chicken stock, milk, crushed tomatoes and cheese rinds and simmer very gently for 2 hours.nRemove the cheese rinds and discard. Let the sauce sit and cool down before using its even better the next day Finish the sauce with the basil and thyme.nBoil 2 gallons of salted water and add the perciatelli pasta. Cook until al dente. Drain all but a 12 cup of water off of the pasta and put the pasta directly into the pot of bolognese sauce. Simmer for 2 minutes to incorporate the sauce into the pasta, adding the reserved pasta water as necessary. Finish with the ground Pecorino Romano, torn basil and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil on top. Bon appetit, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces pancetta, minced, 12 cup dried porcini, soaked, drained and chopped fine, 4 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 large carrot, finely diced, 1 celery stalk, finely diced, 1 pound ground pork, 1 pound ground skirt steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups red wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup milk, 1 large can San Marzano crushed tomatoes 28 ounces, 2 cheese rinds from Parmesan or Pecorino Romano roughly 12 cup total in large chunks, 2 teaspoons minced fresh basil, plus torn leaves for garnish, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, minced, 2 pounds dry perciatelli pasta, 12 cup ground Pecorino Romano cheese], title: Perciatelli with Bolognese, picturelink: MsEGMocSzp7BM00tY2Vl9zvMTbqwWqq}, 44186: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat and set aside.nIn a bowl whisk together the flour, sugar, and salt. Whisk in the egg whites, butter, and vanilla until well combined. Let the batter sit at room temperature for 45 minutes. If using later, cover the surface with plastic wrap and refrigerate.nDrop rounded tablespoons of the batter about 6 inches apart onto the baking sheet. Spread the batter with an offset spatula or the back of a spoon into 5 or 6inch rounds.nBake in the middle of the oven until golden and lightly brown around the edges, about 6 to 8 minutes. To shape, gently loosen a cookie from the baking sheet with an offset spatula, then turn it over so the smooth side is facing up. Roll the cookie into a cone and hold the bottom of the cone together for several seconds until cookie holds its shape. Carefully slip the cone into a Champagne flute and let it cool completely. Shape the remaining cookies. If the cookies become too brittle to roll, return the baking sheet to the oven for a few seconds to soften. Make and shape more cookies with the remaining batter.nChefs Note: If the bottoms of the cones do not close tightly, fill them with peanut butter, chopped candy, or melted chocolate that has been cooled., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup powdered sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 3 large egg whites, lightly whisked, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Tuile Cookie Ice Cream Cones, picturelink: null}, 44187: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Grease a 12cup muffin pan with butter.nPulse the flour, 14 cup coconut, brown sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the cold butter and pulse until the mixture resembles wet sand with peasized pieces, about 5 times. Put 1 heaping tablespoon of the mixture in each muffin cup and press to make even rounds. Bake until the crusts are golden, about 20 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven and sprinkle the chocolate evenly over each crust. Turn off the oven return the pan to the oven to melt the chocolate, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle each crust with 1 tablespoon of the remaining coconut. Cool slightly, then freeze crusts in the pan until set, about 15 minutes.nWith a thin spatula, gently remove each crust from the muffin pan. Top with a small scoop of coconut ice cream, drizzle with dulce de leche and garnish with more coconut.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for greasing, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup shredded coconut, toasted, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 5 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, very finely chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup dulce de leche, warmed available in the desserttopping section, 1 quart coconut ice cream], title: Samoa Tartlets, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 44188: {instructions: Adjust rack in lower third of oven. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour two 8inch round cake pans, and insert parchment paper or waxed paper to line the bottoms. Sift the flour, baking soda, and salt onto a sheet of waxed paper set aside. Place the cocoa in a 1quart mixing bowl. Add the 12 cup lukewarm water, and whisk to combine set aside to cool. Pour the buttermilk, the 12 cup water, and the vanilla into a liquid cup measure. Crack the eggs into a small bowl, and whisk together to combine the yolks and whites.nPlace the butter in the bowl of a heavyduty mixer, preferably fitted with a flat beater. Cream the butter on medium speed until the butter is smooth and lighter in color, about 30 to 45 seconds. Reduce the speed to low, add the sugars in a steady stream. When all the sugar is added, stop the machine, and scrape the mixture clinging to the side of the bowl into the center. The mixture will appear sandy. Increase the speed to medium again, and cream until the mixture is light in color, is fluffy in texture, and appears as one mass, about 5 to 7 minutes. With the mixer still on medium speed, pour the eggs slowly at first. Continue to cream, scraping the sides of the bowl at least once, until the mixture appears fluffy and velvety. Stop the machine and spoon in the cooled cocoa mixture, resume at medium speed and mix just until incorporated.nUsing a rubber spatula, stir in onefourth of the flour mixture. Then onethird of the buttermilk mixture, stirring to blend together. Repeat this procedure, alternating dry and liquid. With each addition, scrape the sides of the bowl, and continue mixing until smooth, never adding liquid if any flour is visible.nPour the batter into the pans and spread it level. Bake for 25 minutes, or until the baked surface springs back slightly when touched lightly in the center and the sides contract from the pan.nPlace the cake pans on a rack to cool for 5 to 10 minutes. With mitts, tilt and rotate pans gently tapping them on the counter to see if the cake releases from sides.nPut the chocolate in a medium bowl. In a small saucepan, heat the heavy cream just to the boil. Remove from heat. Pour over chocolate and whisk until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth and shiny.nASSEMBLING THE DESSERT:nSplit each layer of cake in half horizontally and place one layer, cut side up, on a cardboard round. Spread with onethird of the ganache filling. Center a second layer on top of the first, and spread it with onethird of the ganache filling. Place another layer, cut side up, on top, and spread with remaining filling and turn he last layer upside down, and center it over the filling.nFrost the cake with the whipped cream. Place the cake on a wire rack, then set it on a sheet pan that will fit the dimensions of your freezer. Place in the freezer for 40 minutes only, this is just enough time to chill the whipped cream frosting so its firm to the touch, not soft. While the cake is in the freezer, prepare the dark chocolate glaze. Put the chocolate in a medium bowl. In a small saucepan, heat the heavy cream just to the boil. Remove from heat. Pour over chocolate and whisk until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth and shiny. Set aside to cool to body temperature.nSet the cake on its wire rack over a baking pan with sides like a jelly roll pan on top of a turntable or lazy susan. Pour almost all of the chocolate glaze over the center of the cake. Using a long, flexible metal icing spatula, use just a few strokes to spread the glaze over the top of the cake so the glaze runs down over the sides. Rotate the turntable as you spread. Use the spatula to scoop up excess glaze to touch it to any bare spots on the sides of the cake to cover them. Place the cake on a serving plate. Refrigerate until 30 to 60 minutes before serving. Using a serrated knife, dipped into hot water after each slice, cut dessert into wedges., ingredients: [2 cups 200 grams sifted cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 50 grams unsifted cocoa powder, 12 cup lukewarm water, 12 cup buttermilk, room temperature, 12 cup water, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup 200 grams granulated sugar, 1 cup 200 grams light brown sugar, packed, 8 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped, 10 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Deluxe Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 44189: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Place the tomatoes and tomatillos on a baking sheet. Broil, turning occasionally, until charred all over, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a sauce pan along with the remaining ingredients. Bring the mixture to boil and cook until the onions are soft, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a food processor or blender. Puree and then strain. Serve at room temperature or slightly chilled. Arbol salsa can be stored in the refrigerator 3 to 5 days or frozen for weeks. Just before serving, stir in the avocado., ingredients: [12 pound Italian Roma tomatoes, 34 pound tomatillos, husked and washed, 13 cup 12 to 15 arbol chiles, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped, 1 medium white onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 4 garlic cloves, crushed, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 avocado just slightly underripe, peeled, seeded, an finely diced], title: ArbolAvocado Salsa, picturelink: null}, 44190: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 16inch circle 34inchthick Masonite, foam board, or plywood, sides covered with ribbon 3 foam boards, 316inch thick, cut into 14, 10, and 6inch circles 7 8inch wooden dowels FunTak 5 7 34inch wooden dowelsnCover 16inch board with Royal Icing and set aside to dry. Each tier needs a sturdy base. Trace a 14inch cake pan onto 316inch foam board. Repeat with 10 and 6inch cakes. This will be the base for each tier. Carefully cut out the rounds. Once cakes have cooled slightly, remove from pans. Do not remove parchment. When completely cooled, place each cake right side up on foam board round, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 6 hours. This makes the layers firm and easy to handle. They can also be frozen at this point. Begin with the largest tier. Remove the 14inch cakes from the refrigerator. If they did not bake level, even the tops with a serrated knife. Use a turntable to make it even all around. Repeat with the other 4 cakes. Split each cake in half horizontally. Each tier will not consist of 4 layers. On a level work surface, place a 14inch, 10inch, and 6inch tier with a foam board base next to each other. Brush the cut surface of the bottom base cake layers with the Armagnac Simple Syrup. The syrup will moisten the cake and add a subtle flavor. With a 6 plain tip, pipe buttercream around the perimeter of each cake that has been moistened with syrup. This dam will prevent the jam from seeping out. Fill the 14inch cake layer with 3 cups of jam, the 10inch cake layer with 1 34 cups of jam, and the 6inch cake layer with 12 cup of jam. Repeat this process with the remaining 3 cake layers for each tier, stacking the layers on top of each other. Using an offset spatula to give each tier a crumb coat, ice top and sides of cake with a thin coat of buttercream. This thin layer of icing will seal the cake. Start from the center and work toward and over the edge, making sure to spread the buttercream over the sides of the tier. Refrigerate for 1 hour to set the cake and buttercream. Give the tiers a final coat of buttercream. Be sure to cover all exposed cake. The icing should be smooth and uniform. Refrigerate the tiers again to chill the final coat of buttercream. Place 14inch tier on 16inch board covered with Royal Icing. Using a 12inch pastry bag fitted with a large leaf tip Ateco 115, ice cake in a basket weave pattern. Insert 8inch dowels evenly spaced in the center of cake. Add pieces of FunTak to level off each dowel and prevent the tiers from sliding. Place the 10inch tier on top and center. Repeat the basket weave on the 10inch tier. Insert the 7 34inch dowels evenly spaced in the center of the 10inch tier. Add more FunTak to level dowels. Top with 6inch tier and center. Frost the 6inch cake with a basketweave pattern. Decorate between each tier with assorted fruits.nTwelve batches of batter are needed to yield 2 6inch round layers, 2 10inch layers, and 2 14inch layers. Fill each 6inch pan with 1 34 cups of batter. Fill each 10inch pan with 5 cups of batter. Fill each 14inch pan with 11 cups of batter. Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter baking pans line bottom of each baking pan with a round of parchment paper. Butter parchment and dust pans with flour, making sure to coat pans evenly. Tap out excess flour. In the bowl of an electric mixture fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar until light in color and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add vanilla extract, then the eggs, 1 at a time. Sift together flour, salt, and baking powder 3 times. Add to egg mixture in 3 additions, alternating with milk, starting and ending with flour. Measure batter into prepared pans. Bake 6inch rounds for about 35 minutes, 10inch rounds for about 45 minutes, and the 14inch round for about 1 hour and 10 minutes. Cakes are done when the tops are golden brown and a cake tester inserted into center of cake comes out clean. Yield: 3 cups batternIn a heavy 4quart saucepan, bring 4 cups of water and the sugar to a rolling boil. Remove from heat and add Armagnac. Let stand at room temperature to cool. Set aside. Can be made several days in advance. Yield: 7 cupsnCombine egg whites, sugar, and vanilla in the heatproof bowl of an electric mixer. Set bowl over a pan of simmering water. Whisk constantly until sugar has dissolved and whites are hot to the touch, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer bowl to the electric mixer. Using whisk attachment, mix on low speed, gradually increasing to high speed, until stiff, glossy peaks form, about 10 minutes. In a separate bowl, beat butter until creamy and fluffy. At low speed, add the butter to egg whites until smooth. Add vanilla, and continue mixing until incorporated. Yield: 5 cupsnIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine confectioners sugar and meringue powder or egg whites. Mixing on low speed, add a scant 12 cup water drop by drop. For a thinner consistency, usually used for flooding, add more water. A thicker consistency is generally used for further embellishing. Mix until icing holds a ribbonlike trail on the surface for five seconds when you raise the paddle. Note: Raw eggs should not be used in food prepared for pregnant women, babies, young children, or anyone whose health is compromised. RAW EGG WARNING Food Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell. Yield: 2 13 cups, ingredients: [1 recipe Royal icing, recipe follows, 6 2inchhigh Moist Yellow Cake tiers, 14, 10, and 6 inches in diameter, recipe follows, 1 recipe Armagnac Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 7 recipes Swiss Meringue Buttercream, recipe follows, 15 cups 120 ounces fig jam, 2 dozen purple figs, 2 dozen green figs, 2 dozen Seckel pears, 2 dozen Italian prune plums, 1 dozen crab apples, 1 dozen lady apples, 6 bunches Concord grapes, 6 bunches Champagne grapes, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, plus more to coat pans, 1 13 cups cake flour, sifted, plus more to coat pans, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 large eggs, room temperature, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup milk, 4 cups water, 4 cups sugar, 4 ounces Armagnac, 1 14 cups sugar, 5 large egg whites, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 pound about 4 cups confectioners sugar, 5 tablespoons meringue powder or 2 large egg whites, Water], title: Fall Fruit Basket Cake, picturelink: null}, 44191: {instructions: Assemble sandwich by smearing insides of bread slices with pesto. Arrange a layer of sliced tomato and season with a few turns of fresh pepper. Layer the mozzarella slices over the top and then place another piece of bread on top to make the sandwich. Drizzle olive oil over skillets surface and place sandwiches on the hot skillet or panini press. If using a skillet, place another heavy skillet over the top to form a press. Turn after 2 to 3 minutes and replace weight. The sandwich is ready when golden brown and mozzarella has melted around the edges.nToast pine nuts in a skillet over medium heat until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Combine pesto ingredients in a food processor and pulse until well combined but still roughtextured. If you have a panini press, turn it on to warm up otherwise, set a cast iron skillet over medium heat., ingredients: [4 slices thickcut sourdough bread, 1 ball 1 pound fresh mozzarella, cut into 14inch slices, 2 plum tomatoes, cut into thick slices, 1 cup fresh Basil Pesto, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup pine nuts, 2 cups fresh basil leaves, 1 cup fresh Italian parsley leaves, 12 cup Parmesan or Romano, 2 garlic cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Mozzarella Grilled Cheese, picturelink: VtuzsP2aW9N3ROd.dMWTKN7JVLdaC2}, 44192: {instructions: In a 7 to 8quart kettle simmer lamb, parsley, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste in 4 cups broth, covered, 1 12 hours. To lamb mixture add potatoes, onion, carrots, celery, and remaining 2 cups broth and simmer, covered, 1 hour.nIn a small bowl whisk together flour and oil until smooth and stir into simmering stew until well incorporated. Simmer stew, uncovered, until thickened, 3 to 5 minutes, and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 pounds boneless lamb shoulder, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 6 cups chicken broth, 3 pounds boiling potatoes, peeled and quartered, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 6 stalks celery, trimmed and ribs cut into 12inch pieces, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup vegetable oil], title: Traditional Irish Stew the Bailey, picturelink: null}, 44193: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 sets chopsticks, not separatednPour oil into a deep fryer or large heavy pot and heat to 375 degrees F. In a medium mixing bowl, combine the cornmeal, flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, and cayenne pepper. In a separate bowl, combine the jalapeno, corn, onion, and buttermilk. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients all at once, and stir only enough times to bring the batter together there should be lumps. Set batter aside and allow to rest for 10 minutes.nScatter the cornstarch into a dry pie pan. Roll each hot dog in the cornstarch and tap well to remove any excess.nTransfer enough batter to almost fill a large drinking glass. Refill the glass as needed. Place each hot dog on chopsticks, and quickly dip in and out of the batter. Immediately and carefully place each hot dog into the oil, and cook until coating is golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. With tongs, remove to cooling rack, and allow to drain for 3 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 gallon peanut oil, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons approximately 1 large jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely minced, 1 8.5ounce can creamstyle corn, 13 cup finely grated onion, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, for dredging, 8 beef hot dogs], title: Corn Dogs, picturelink: N0KU6WYlVi4UhTIUokIAWzJpqERJCpe}, 44194: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a bit of cream cheese on the end of a baby carrot and place an almond slice face down on top. The almond should look like a fingernail on the carrot finger. Repeat until all carrots are finished.nPour dressing in a bowl and stand a few carrot fingers upright in the bowl. Place the bowl on a platter and lay the remaining carrot fingers around the bowl., ingredients: [1 bag peeled baby carrots, 1 cup sliced almonds, Cream cheese, Bottled ranch dressing], title: Carrot Fingers and Ranch Dressing, picturelink: EiooDr.yPJbpWHj3.PFH7eskvRthnC}, 44195: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large saute pan. Add the bread cubes and sprinkle with salt cook over low to medium heat, tossing frequently, for 5 to 10 minutes, until nicely browned. Add more olive oil as needed.nPlace the cucumber, red pepper, yellow pepper, tomatoes and red onion in a large bowl.nFor the vinaigrette, whisk together the garlic, oregano, mustard, vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper in a small bowl. While still whisking, add the olive oil and make an emulsion. Pour the vinaigrette over the vegetables. Add the feta, olives and bread cubes and mix together lightly. Set aside for 30 minutes for the flavors to blend. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [Good olive oil, 1 small French bread or boule, cut into 1inch cubes 6 cups, Kosher salt, 1 hothouse cucumber, unpeeled, seeded, and sliced 14inch thick, 1 red bell pepper, large diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, large diced, 1 pint cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 12 red onion, sliced in half rounds, 12 pound feta cheese, cut in 12inch cubes, 12 cup calamata olives, pitted, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup good red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good olive oil], title: Greek Panzanella, picturelink: null}, 44196: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the corn and eggs in blender and puree until thick and smooth. Transfer the puree to a bowl. Add the butter, sugar and milk and fold gently to incorporate well. Stir in the mozzarella cheese and bacon. Add the smoked paprika, cayenne, salt and pepper. The mixture should be thick and creamy.nPour the corn mixture into a greased souffle dish and sprinkle with the Parmesan and parsley. Bake until browned, about 45 minutes. Let cool for about 15 minutes before serving. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 12 cups corn kernels, fresh or frozen and thawed, 5 eggs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed small, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup milk, 12 cup grated mozzarella cheese, 6 slices bacon, cooked crisp and crumbled, 1 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 14 cup Parmesan, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves], title: Big Daddys Sweet Corn Spoon Bread, picturelink: 118JP89m0QemIeBfUfD4Gd3KdcPmcde}, 44197: {instructions: Place the bacon in a large skillet or griddle and cook until golden brown and crisp. Remove to a paper towellined plate. Break each piece into fourths and set aside.nHeat a cast iron griddle or cast iron pan over medium heat.nSpread butter on 1 side of each slice of bread. Layer 4 of the slices of the bread with 3 to 4 slices of brie, 2 tomato slices, watercress, 2 slices goat cheese, and 4 slices of broken up bacon and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Place the remaining bread slices on top, butter side up and cook on the griddle until golden brown on both sides and the brie has melted., ingredients: [16 slices centercut bacon, cut into 12inch thick pieces, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 8 slices Pullman bread, sliced 1inch thick, 8 to 12 ounces really good quality brie, 2 green tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, Watercress, 8 ounces soft goat cheese, cut into 8 slices recommended: Boucheron goat cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Brie and Goat Cheese with Bacon and Green Tomato, picturelink: 1eF0usox437bic57JtdLdVBCddG6o2}, 44198: {instructions: Heat a small pot over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes and anchovy paste. Cook 2 minutes. Add parsley, tomatoes, salt and pepper. Stir sauce, bring to a bubble and simmer 5 minutes over low heat then place in small bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon anchovy paste, optional but recommended, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, Salt and pepper], title: The Big Dipper: Simple Marinara Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44199: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace desired shaped cookie cutters onto a cookie tray lined with parchment paper. Spray the inside of the cutters with a nonstick spray. Place 3 to 8 hard candies it varies with cutter sizes inside the cookie cutter. Place a small cake decorating tip inside the cutters. This will allow you to have a hole for your ribbon when decorating.nPlace in oven for 6 minutes. Allow to cool. When cooled, crack the overflowing candy around the cutter. Being very gentle, pop out the candy. Place ribbons in holes and decorate., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, Hard candy recommended: different colored candies], title: Hard Candy Ornaments, picturelink: null}, 44200: {instructions: Combine the grape juice and ginger ale in a pitcher and mix with a wooden spoon. Add the red grape ice cubes to serve., ingredients: [12 ounces 100percent white grape juice, chilled, 8 cups ginger ale, chilled, 1 bunch red grapes, separated and frozen], title: Grape JuiceGinger Ale Spritzer, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 44201: {instructions: In a large pot, cook the bacon over medium heat until the fat is rendered and the meat beginning to crisp, about 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon from the pot and reserve.nAdd onethird of the garlic and the lemon juice to the bacon drippings and cook until the garlic is fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the quahogs, 2 12 cups water and the wine and bring to a simmer. Cover the pot and steam the clams until they open, about 10 minutes. Remove the clams from the pot. Strain the broth and reserve. Take the clams from their shells, chop them and set aside.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a large saucepot over a medium flame. Add the onion, celery, remaining garlic, and chorizo and cook until the onion is translucent, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir the flour into the pot. Cook the onion and flour mixture for several minutes then add the clam broth and bring to a simmer, stirring until smooth. Add the tomatoes and sugar, stir well to incorporate, then toss in the pepper flakes, thyme, and parsley. Season with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cover and cook at a low simmer until the broth is flavorful, 20 to 30 minutes.nTen minutes before serving, add the littleneck clams and bacon to the soup. Cover and steam until the clams open, about 8 minutes. Add the reserved chopped clams. Stir well, season again, if needed, with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 slices double smoked bacon, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 dozen quahogs or chowder clams, scrubbed and soaked to remove dirt, 12 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 large onion, roughly chopped, 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 1 link chorizo, sliced into 12inch rounds, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 8 medium tomatoes, seeded and pureed, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 bunch fresh parsley, leaves chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed and soaked to remove dirt], title: Tylers Manhattan Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 44202: {instructions: Special equipment: pate mold or small bread pannThe night before, use 4 cups milk to soak the butchered livers.nIn a small container, cover the bread with the remaining milk and soak for a minimum of 30 minutes.nDrain, dry, salt and pepper the livers.nPreheat a saute pan to the point where oil smokes slightly on contact. Add the canola oil and livers to the pan and brown both sides lightly. Remove to drain and cool.nLet the pan cool slightly, and then add the shallots and garlic. Gently sweat until translucent. Add the brandy, cook off the alcohol set aside.nSqueeze the bread to remove excess milk. Place the bread in a food processor. Add the livers, shallots and garlic, any liquid and scrapings from the pan and the eggs. Pulse until the contents are still chunky, but relatively consistent.nIn large mixing bowl, combine the venison, veal, dried cherries, pistachios, ginger powder, allspice, pink salt, kosher salt and pepper, as well as the contents of the food processor. Mix well with hands.nPlace a small amount of the mixture in plastic wrap, twisting to form a watertight ball. Drop in simmering water until cooked through. Cool in ice water, and taste for seasoning.nAdjust seasoning as necessary.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nLine a pate mold or small bread pan with plastic wrap. Fill with the pate mix, seal the top with plastic wrap and cover with foil.nFill a larger cake pan with boiling water to roughly 1 1 12 inches. Place the pate in the water bath. Cook to an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 1 hour.nRemove the foil and place an equal size pan or lid over the top of the pate and add weight soup cans, brick, etc... to help compress the pate. Place in the refrigerator overnight.nSlice 14inch to 12inchthick slices and serve with mustard and crusty bread., ingredients: [4 12 cups milk, 4 ounces pork liver, 1 12 cups bread sourdough or white, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup shallots, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup brandy, 2 eggs, 1 pound ground venison, 4 ounces ground veal, 34 cup dried cherries, 34 cup pistachios, toasted, 1 12 tablespoons ginger powder, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon pink salt, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, Mustard, for serving, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Venison Pate, picturelink: null}, 44203: {instructions: Fill a Collins glass with ice. Add the vodka, peach schnapps and cranberry juice., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vodka, 12 ounce peach schnapps, 4 ounces cranberry juice], title: Woo Woo, picturelink: OBxCYacS85I0QzjkPNG9ygH6aADKuy}, 44204: {instructions: Bring the glucose to a boil in a medium saucepan. Once boiling, gradually add the sugar while stirring constantly. Add the hot cream and allow to boil to 230 degrees F. Remove from the heat and allow to cool for 10 to 15 minutes. Add the butter, pour into a bowl, and then chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nPlace a small amount of chopped peanuts in the base of each chocolate shell.nWhen the caramel mixture is cold, transfer to a piping bag and pipe the caramel into the chocolate shells, leaving 18inch free at the top. Allow to set overnight at room temperature.nSeal the back of the bonbons with melted chocolate. Place in the refrigerator for 10 minutes, and then turn out of the mold., ingredients: [4 ounces glucose, 17 ounces sugar, 20 ounces hot cream, 4 ounces unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 4 ounces salted peanuts, chopped, 30 1inch white chocolate shells, 6 ounces melted white chocolate], title: Caramel Filled Chocolate Bonbons, picturelink: dFRvq0cfAiPDsiwlWrL5J7pRaQuZGpu}, 44205: {instructions: In a large pot, combine the water, butter, clams, clam base, onions, salt, pepper and bay leaves and bring to a boil. Add the potatoes and cook until tender. If desired, when serving, add a dollop of sour cream to each serving., ingredients: [1 gallon cold water, 2 sticks 1 cup butter, 12 cup freshly chopped clams, 3 tablespoons clam base, 2 tablespoons chopped onions, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 12 tablespoon black pepper, 4 bay leaves, 4 cups cubed potatoes, Sour cream, for serving, optional], title: Rhode Island Chowder, picturelink: null}, 44206: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.nFor the fruit: Halve the nectarines along their natural seam, but leave skins on. Cut each half into 3 wedges. Toss nectarines with blueberries, sugar, and tapioca and put into a buttered 9inch round gratin or casserole dish. Dot the top of the fruit with the pieces of butter.nFor the cobbler top: Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Rub in 2 tablespoons of the butter with your fingertips until no visible pieces remain. Rub in the remaining 4 tablespoons butter just until it is in even, peasize pieces. Whisk together the egg and cream and stir into the dry ingredients to make a shaggy, loose dough.nSpoon large spoonfuls of dough on top of the fruit in clumps it should look like rough, oldfashioned cobblestones, hence the name cobbler. Bake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center of the topping comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool cobbler on a rack, about 20 minutes.nServe warm or room temperature, with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream, if desired., ingredients: [6 ripe nectarines, about 1 pound, 2 cups fresh blueberries, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon instant tapioca, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced into small pieces, plus more for pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced into small pieces, 1 large egg, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Blueberry Nectarine Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 44207: {instructions: Line a plate with paper towels. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium heat. When the butter stops foaming, add the paneer cubes and brown well on 2 sides, about 4 minutes total. Remove to the lined plate and reserve. Wipe out the skillet with a paper towel.nHave a lid nearby for the skillet. Add another 2 tablespoons butter to the skillet over mediumhigh heat, then add the onion and 12 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onion is browned and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, ginger, curry powder and garam masala and stir together, 1 minute. Add the grated tomato and stir for another minute. Add the chopped spinach, heavy cream, 14 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cover and cook over mediumlow, 8 minutes. Add the remaining tablespoon butter and carefully fold in the paneer cubes. Simmer for an additional 2 minutes to warm the paneer through.nServe with steamed basmati rice or Indian flatbread., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces storebought paneer or queso fresco, cut into 34inch cubes, 1 medium yellow onion, diced small, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 cloves garlic, finely grated, 2inch piece ginger, peeled and finely grated, 34 teaspoon curry powder, 34 teaspoon garam masala, 1 large tomato, about 8 ounces, halved and grated on the large holes of a box grater, 2 boxes 10 ounces each frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and drained, 23 cup heavy cream, Serving suggestion: steamed basmati rice or Indian flatbread], title: Shortcut Palak Paneer, picturelink: ooecyTbUMBQQuyYNhBs4Ln1SXWWT76}, 44208: {instructions: In a large heavy saucepan, heat the vegetable oil on mediumhigh heat. Add the rice, onions and garlic. Saute until the rice has an opaque color and is fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth, tomato paste and salt. Mix well to incorporate evenly. Then add in the chile and cilantro sprig. Cover, reduce the heat to low, and simmer until rice is ready, about 30 minutes. Fluff with a fork and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup long grain white rice, 13 cup finely chopped white onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 14 cups chicken broth, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 serrano chile, 1 fresh cilantro sprig], title: Mexican Red Rice Arroz Rojo, picturelink: CoMCZvA6yOd3EZYIfpNcBCrAa2AN7Su}, 44209: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace potato halves on baking sheet. Bake potatoes in middle of oven for about 1 hour or until tender when pierced with fork.nMeanwhile, in a saute pan melt butter and saute onions with ginger until onions are translucent. Set aside. Remove potatoes from oven and scoop out flesh into a food processor, pureeing in batches if necessary. Add onions and butter, and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 medium sweet potatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons butter, plus 4 tablespoons, 1 cup chopped onions, 1 tablespoon grated fresh gingerroot, Salt and pepper], title: Gingered Sweet Potato Puree, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 44210: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the seafood base: Place the red onion, chile pepper, lemon zest, garlic, parsley, thyme, and bay leaves in a food processor and process ingredients into paste.nFor the soup base: In a Dutch oven, heat the extravirgin olive oil and anchovies over mediumhigh heat, when the anchovies melt into the oil add the seafood base and stir 3 to 4 minutes then add the celery, potatoes, and red pepper and cover the pot 4 to 5 minutes to sweat them out, stirring occasionally. Deglaze the pot with beer. Add tomatoes and chicken stock and bring to a boil, simmer for 20 minutes or until it has reduced by a third, then turn off the heat, cool and store for a makeahead meal.nTo reheat: Reheat over mediumhigh heat. Crust up and warm bread in a hot oven. When the stoup comes to a boil, fold or nestle the cod and scallops into the liquid, and return to a bubble, cook for 5 to 6 minutes, until the fish is opaque and cooked through, then turn off the heat. Serve immediately with lots of bread for mopping., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 anchovy filets, 4 small ribs celery, chopped, 2 starchy potatoes, peeled and chopped into small dice, 1 red pepper, cored and finely chopped, 12 bottle lager beer about 6 ounces, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes or chunkystyle crushed tomatoes, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 pound cod, cut into chunks, 1 pound sea scallops, 1 loaf ciabatta or other crusty bread of choice, for serving], title: Fishermans Stoup, picturelink: 5R0JMBtL9mmDXyFt4JimBkw9q0OBCFS}, 44211: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl or mixer, thoroughly mix the beef, pork, breadcrumbs, milk, parsley, eggs, garlic, onion and some salt and pepper. Chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nShape into meatballs and place on a foillined shallow baking pan. Bake 30 minutes for medium or 25 minutes for bitesize. Stick toothpicks in the finished meatballs to serve as an appetizer., ingredients: [2 pounds lean ground beef, 8 ounces ground pork, 2 cups Italian flavored breadcrumbs, 1 cup milk, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, 4 medium eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, minced, Salt and pepper], title: Mini Meatballs, picturelink: DGX8z8e.lQaNxcYJvXMjSMjc6TrOK2}, 44212: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nLay out 6 horizontal strips of bacon on the prepared baking sheet. Fold every other strip of bacon in half onto itself and lay one strip of bacon in the middle, vertical to the folded strips. Unfold the strips back over the vertical strip of bacon. Repeat this process using alternating vertical strips to weave into a lattice. The bacon lattice should have an equal number of horizontal and vertical strips. Bake until nearly cooked but still very pliable, about 15 minutes. Slide the bacon lattice into a 9inch pie pan and press into place.nTop the bacon with a paper towel, then a layer of foil and either another pie pan or pie weights to weigh it down. Allow to cool for 10 minutes, then remove the weights and pat off any remaining excess oil with a paper towel.nMeanwhile, thoroughly mix together the eggs, milk, spinach, potatoes, some salt and pepper and 1 cup of the Cheddar. Pour the egg mixture into the bacon crust and top with the remaining cup Cheddar.nBake until set and the cheese is browned, 30 to 45 minutes. Let rest 5 to 10 minutes, then serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound bacon, 6 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup milk, 9 ounces frozen spinach, thawed and drained of water, 8 ounces frozen shredded potatoes, thawed and drained of water, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups shredded Cheddar], title: BaconCrusted Quiche, picturelink: null}, 44213: {instructions: Make the butternut squash tacos: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, toss the squash with the oil, brown sugar, cinnamon and salt. Transfer the squash to a rimmed baking sheet and roast until a little golden and cooked through, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove the squash from the oven and cool to room temperature. Transfer it to a medium bowl and combine with the beans and cilantro.nWhile the squash roasts, make the beef tacos: To a large skillet, add the oil and heat over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft, about 8 minutes. Add the mushrooms, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is cooked out, about 10 minutes. Stir in the chili powder, cumin, coriander, cayenne and cornstarch and cook, stirring often, until the mixture is creamy looking, 3 to 4 minutes. Crumble in the beef and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, 12 to 14 minutes.nStir in the tomato paste, and cook until the paste turns dark and dries in the pan, about 5 minutes. Add the broth and cook until the mixture is thick and creamy, 3 to 4 minutes, then season with salt and pepper.nServe the ground beef or squash fillings in taco shells topped with tomatoes, Cheddar cheese and sour cream., ingredients: [1 large butternut squash, peeled, halved, seeded and cut into 2inchby1inch pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons lightlypacked light brown sugar, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup cooked black beans drain and rinsed if canned, 12 cups chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced into 18pieces, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 6 cremini mushrooms, stemmed and finely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 12 pounds ground sirloin, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup beef broth, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Crunchy corn taco shells, for serving, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 8 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese, 4 plum tomatoes, cored and finely diced, 1 cup sour cream], title: Tacos, picturelink: null}, 44214: {instructions: Special equipment: a parfait glassnIn a bowl, mix the bananas, grapefruit and pineapple. In a small bowl, mash the raspberries with a fork, then add the yogurt and mix. Fill a parfait glass with onethird of the fruit mixture, then onethird of the raspberry yogurt and onethird of the HouseMade Granola. Repeat the layers two more times, then serve.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a small saucepan set over low heat, combine the honey and coconut oil. Stir until combined, then remove from the heat. On the prepared baking sheet, mix the rolled oats, almonds, coconut, pepitas, puffed rice, sugar, salt and ginger. Drizzle with the honey mixture and toss to coat, then spread out the granola in an even layer. Bake, stirring every 10 to 15 minutes, until golden, 40 minutes., ingredients: [14 banana, diced, 14 grapefruit, cut in segments, 18 pineapple, cored and diced, 14 cup raspberries, 1 cup yogurt, 12 cup HouseMade Granola, recipe follows, 1 cup honey, 14 cup coconut oil, 3 cups rolled oats, 1 cup sliced almonds, 1 cup shredded coconut, 1 cup pepitas, 1 cup puffed rice, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground ginger], title: Andrews Granola Parfait, picturelink: .BToT1v3HhSgBumt.b8avSbEoBHFn2}, 44215: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a skillet over a medium heat. Add the mushrooms and onions and cook until tender and most of the liquid evaporates, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and remove from the heat.nPlace the pizza crust on a baking sheet. Spread the sauce over the crust leaving a 1inch border. Top with the mushroom mixture and sundried tomatoes. Sprinkle with the mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses. Bake until the crust is crisp and the cheese is nicely melted, about 13 minutes. Sprinkle with basil, cut into 8 slices and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 12 medium red onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 10ounce baked thin pizza crust, 1 cup marinara sauce, 14 cup sliced, reconstituted sundried tomatoes, 4 ounces shredded, partskim mozzarella cheese about 1 cup, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves], title: Mushroom, Onion and Basil Pizza, picturelink: 7JSWCiL1zzdcDmnd4Fk6JkNgW6b9C4e}, 44216: {instructions: In a heavy pot, cook the bacon over medium heat to render the fat, about 2 minutes. Add the onions and cook with the bacon until the onions are golden brown and the bacon is chewy, about 5 minutes. Carefully add the chicken broth and 2 cups water. Whisk in the grits. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 25 minutes. Stir in the cream and cheese until thoroughly combined. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 onion, very thinly sliced, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups coarse stoneground grits, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cheese Grits Casserole, picturelink: et7YwlIbP4DxS3dHSNiXXSTH9VAus4K}, 44217: {instructions: Bring 4 cups salted water to a boil. Slowly add 1 cup instant polenta, whisking. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring, until thick and creamy, 10 minutes. Stir in 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup crumbled gorgonzola, 1 tablespoon chopped oregano and a dash of nutmeg. Top with more cheese and some pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Gorgonzola Polenta, picturelink: dP6biYwaycJNvPiwoP3GAzgrTGVtjC}, 44218: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together some olive oil, lemon juice, Dijon, honey and a dash of salt. Pound the chicken breasts until they are uniform thickness, then marinate them for about 24 hours in the fridge.nGrill em up ... they should take 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown and cooked all the way through ... turn them halfway through so they cook evenly on both sides, then set em aside and keep em warm., ingredients: [Olive oil, Juice of 4 lemons, 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, A dash of salt, 4 whole chicken breasts], title: Grilled Chicken, picturelink: llDrD2qcb7qIQ8YAzK0t.sjm2mKQ9A6}, 44219: {instructions: Divide Bibb lettuce leaves between 4 salad plates. Cover with thinlysliced radishes, drizzle with olive oil and aged red wine vinegar, and sprinkle with blue cheese., ingredients: [2 cups Boston Bibb lettuce, 2 cups radishes, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon aged redwine vinegar, 2 tablespoon crumbled blue cheese], title: Red and Blue Cheese Salad, picturelink: 2lWfg3wt5b3SGU47wT7CPD6eJi0bu1a}, 44220: {instructions: In a saucepan over medium heat, stir together the water and sugar. Simmer until sugar has melted completely. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.nWash the lime gently under water and dry. In a large pitcher, pour in the cooled sugar syrup, 5 lime wedges and muddle gently to crush the fruit but not release too much of the oils from the skin. Add ice and cachaca, and stir. Serve in a large glass garnished with a lime wedge., ingredients: [1 quart water, 1 quart sugar, 6 limes, each cut into 8 wedges, 3 cups crushed ice, 2 cups cachaca liquor], title: Caipirinha, picturelink: null}, 44221: {instructions: Soak the sundried tomatoes in warm water until soft. Boil the water and add fettuccine. Place chicken in a flat baking dish and cover with white wine until the breasts are covered. Bake at 350 degrees for approximately 30 minutes or until done. Once chicken is done strain the wine and season the chicken with Cajun seasoning spice, oregano, 1 tablespoon of the garlic and pepper. Cover until pasta dish is finished. Toast the pine nuts in a frying pan with a teaspoon of the garlic and olive oil until browned. In the same pan begin to saute, in additional olive oil and 2 teaspoons of garlic, the thinly sliced green and red peppers, as well as the chopped eggplant, until soft and moist. Put into a bowl for later. In the same frying pan mix the pesto sauce with the green peas and chopped cilantro while adding some additional olive oil, margarine, the remaining garlic and curry to taste. Let sit for a while on extremely low heat and simmer for 3 minutes. Add the reserved pine nuts, peppers, and eggplant into your green sauce. Once your pasta is cooked and strained, toss into the hot saucepan over low heat while adding in the sundried tomatoes. Place in a serving dish and slice the chicken over the top., ingredients: [2 handfuls sundried tomatoes preferably whole, 2 pounds fresh or dried fettuccine, 2 pounds skinless chicken breasts, White wine, to taste, Cajun seasoning, Oregano, to taste, 3 tablespoons of finely chopped garlic, Pepper, to taste, 16 ounces of pine nuts, Olive oil, 3 green peppers, 2 red peppers, 1 eggplant chopped, 24 ounces of combined basil, olive oil, pine nuts, Parmesan cheese and garlic blended very well i.e., pesto, 1 can green peas, 1 bunch of cilantro, Margarine, 4 tablespoons of curry powder], title: Christmas Day Fettuccine, picturelink: null}, 44222: {instructions: Bring water to a boil and add salt. Add pasta to the water and cook at a boil for 30 minutes. While pasta is cooking, heat olive oil in a sauce pot and add the tomatoes over low heat. Season the tomatoes with salt and pepper and cook for 10 minutes before adding the basil leaves. Cook for an additional 5 minutes.nDrain the pasta in a colander and pour into a serving bowl. Stir butter into the tomato sauce and immediately add to cooked pasta. Stir well to fully coat the pasta. Serve the chicken over a bed of pasta., ingredients: [6 to 8 quarts water, 2 tablespoons, plus 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pound imported Ferula Sarda Grosso pasta, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup plum tomatoes, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 6 to 8 basil leaves, torn, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Sardinian Pasta with Tomato Basil, picturelink: null}, 44223: {instructions: Melt chocolate over a double broiler. Transfer to a small bowl and let guests dip their own biscotti., ingredients: [8 pieces store bought biscotti, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate], title: Chocolate Dipped Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 44224: {instructions: Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat to 375 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9 by 13inch baking dish.nLay 6 slices of the bread in a single layer on the bottom of the baking dish trim if needed. Sprinkle 2 heaping tablespoons of the gruyere on top of each slice. Then top each with 2 slices of the ham, folding the ham if needed to fit on top of the bread. Place the remaining 6 slices of bread on top of the of the ham to form 6 sandwiches. Sprinkle the remaining gruyere on top and on the sides of the sandwiches. Set aside.nWhisk together 4 of the eggs, the halfandhalf, cinnamon, nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a large mixing bowl. Pour on top of the sandwiches. Use your hands to lightly press the sandwiches down into the custard.nSpray a large piece of foil with nonstick spray. Place the foil, sprayedside down, on top of the baking dish, crimping the sides of the foil around the dish. Bake for 30 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until the custard is set but still slightly jiggly, about 10 minutes. Switch the oven to broil and broil until the top is light golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes.nAllow the casserole to rest at room temperature for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the butter in a large nonstick pan over medium heat. Crack 3 eggs into the pan its ok if they stick together and lightly sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until the whites start to set, 2 to 3 minutes, and then cover and continue cooking until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, 1 to 2 minutes. Place each on top of a sandwich. Repeat with the remaining 3 eggs.nUse a metal spatula to remove a sandwich with egg from the casserole and place on a serving plate. Serve with warm maple syrup for drizzling., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for buttering the baking dish, 12 slices very stale thick white bread about 12inch thick, 1 pound gruyere, grated, 12 thin slices Black Forest ham about 8 ounces, 10 large eggs, 2 cups halfandhalf, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, Pure maple syrup, warm, for drizzling], title: French Toast Croque Madame Casserole, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 44225: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Make the salsa: Combine the tomatoes, lime juice, sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a small microwavesafe bowl. Microwave 2 minutes, then stir in the cilantro, red onion and jalapeno set aside.nToss the corn with the vegetable oil in a large bowl season with salt and pepper. Form the beef into four 1inchthick patties season with salt and pepper. Lightly brush the grill grates with vegetable oil. Grill the corn, turning occasionally, until marked and tender, about8 minutes. Meanwhile, grill the burgers about 4 minutes per side for medium rare. Toast the buns on the grill.nSandwich the burgers on the buns with the guacamole and salsa. Serve with the corn.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [2 green tomatoes, diced, Juice of 2 limes, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 small red onion, diced, 1 red jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 4 ears of corn, husked and halved, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, plus more for the grill, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 4 sesame hamburger buns, 12 cup prepared guacamole], title: Burgers with Green Tomato Salsa, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 44226: {instructions: Soften 2 envelopes unflavored gelatin in 2 cups eggnog on top of double boiler. Add 14 cup sugar and stir until gelatin and sugar are throughly dissolved.nAdd 2 more cups of eggnog, nutmeg, and rum, if desired. Chill.nWhip chilled mixture until light and fluffy and then fold in whipped heavy cream.nPour mixture into a 9 or 10inch cooked pie shell. Chill until firm.nGarnish with additional whipped cream and cherries, if desired., ingredients: [2 envelopes unflavored gelatin, 4 cups eggnog, 14 cup sugar, 14 tespoon nutmeg, 2 tablespoons rum or rum flavoring, optional, 1 cup heavy cream, 9 or 10inch prepared pie shell], title: Holiday Eggnog Pie, picturelink: null}, 44227: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Set a full tea kettle of water over mediumlow heat. Spray 4 1cup ovenproof ramekins with nonstick cooking spray.nSeparate the eggs, putting the whites in a slightly larger bowl. Using a hand mixer, whip the egg whites until they hold stiff peaks and set aside. To the yolks, add the sugar and beat until the sugar is dissolved and the color has turned a pale yellow. Add the orange zest and juice. Sift in the flour and salt and mix well. Add the milk and stir until combined.nFold the whites into the yolk mixture. Divide the batter among the ramekins. Place the ramekins into a baking dish and pour in hot water until it reaches halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake the pudding cakes until set, about 20 to 22 minutes. Remove the ramekins from the water bath and let cool a bit before serving., ingredients: [2 eggs, 14 cup sugar, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup skim milk], title: Orange Pudding Cake, picturelink: null}, 44228: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the duck skin side up. Using a sharp knife, score 4 14inchdeep cuts across the skin at a 45 degree angle. Sprinkle 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper over the meat side of each duck breast.nHeat a wellseasoned skillet or nonstick pan over high heat. When pan is hot, add duck breasts, skin side down, and cook for 5 minutes, or until skin is brown and crispy. Flip and cook for 2 more minutes. If you are unfamiliar with duck breasts, dont be put off by their unusual look. The fattomeat proportions reverse themselves when cooked, as much of the fat is rendered and the meat expands.nRemove pan from heat save the drippings and transfer duck breasts, skin side up, to a cooking sheet lined with aluminum foil. Bake on the top rack of the oven for 6 minutes.nCarefully discard all but 2 tablespoons of duck drippings from the pan. Return pan to medium heat and add shallot. Stir occasionally for 3 minutes, or until shallot begins to turn golden. Add Cassis to the pan and stir with a wooden spoon to loosen up the browned bits left by the duck. Add jam, vinegar, and remaining teaspoon of black pepper, and stir occasionally for 3 minutes. Remove from heat.nRemove duck from the oven and slice each breast at a 45 degree angle into 14inchthick strips properly cooked duck should resemble mediumrare steak. Arrange in a fanlike pattern on a warmed plates and spoon Cassis compote overtop. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 6ounce boneless duck breasts They may come as 1 butterflied breast. If so, slice down the middle to separate them. The best ducks are Moscovy ducks, available from specialty butchers, but any duck will work., 1 teaspoon salt, 3 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 4 shallots, minced, 14 cup creme de Cassis, 12 cup black currant jam unsweetened if possible, or black cherry, boysenberry, or similar preserve, 14 cup balsamic vinegar or red wine vinegar], title: PanSeared Duck Breast with Cassis Compote, picturelink: null}, 44229: {instructions: In a heavy bottom saucepot, slowly cook down the sugar and corn syrup until it begins to brown, about 15 minutes. Once all the sugar has caramelized, slowly add in the heavy cream while whisking. Then add the butter and mix until completely incorporated. Store, covered, at room temperature., ingredients: [16 cups sugar, 2 cups light corn syrup, 2 pounds butter, at room temperature, 2 quarts heavy cream, at room temperature], title: Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44230: {instructions: Pulse the granulated sugar and 13 cup dried cranberries in a food processor until finely ground. Add the flour, baking powder and 14 teaspoon salt pulse to combine. Add the cutup butter and shortening pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Whisk the egg, cranberry juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla and the food coloring in a small bowl add to the food processor and pulse to form a dough. Transfer to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Drop rounded teaspoonfuls of dough 1 12 inches apart onto the baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are just set, 16 to 18 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets transfer to racks to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Beat the cream cheese, roomtemperature butter and the remaining 12 teaspoon vanilla in a bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth, about 3 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar beat on low speed until incorporated, then increase the speed to high and beat until fluffy, 2 more minutes. Chop the remaining 14 cup dried cranberries stir into the filling along with a pinch of salt. Sandwich between the cookies.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [23 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup plus 14 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, plus a pinch, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus 2 tablespoons at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vegetable shortening, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon cranberry juice cocktail, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 8 drops red gel food coloring, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar], title: Cranberry Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: x11QVucEiQOKQw8atjGsk68elGxe}, 44231: {instructions: Marinate lamb in white wine vinegar, oregano, oil and salt and pepper. Refrigerate, covered, for 24 hours. Preheat oven at 350 degrees. Roast lamb, potatoes and onions, uncovered for approximately 1 12 to 2 hours., ingredients: [12 lamb, about 10 to 15 pounds, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon pepper, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Roasted Easter Lamb, picturelink: null}, 44232: {instructions: Season the steaks liberally with salt and 5peppercorn mix. On a hot grill, mark the steaks and cook each side about 4 to 5 minutes. I prefer medium rare, which takes about 8 minutes total. Make sure to let the steaks rest after grilling for about 3 minutes to let the meat relax.nFor the mustard oil: In a bowl, whisk mustard, turmeric and salt with water to form a paste. Whisk in oil and let stand overnight. Mixture will separate, dont remix before using, you want to use the clear flavored oil off the top.nFor the shallot sauce: In a 1 quart stainless steel saucepan, add 1 tablespoon of butter and caramelize the shallots. Season. Add the red wine and reduce until almost dry. Add the mustard and saute for 2 minutes then add the cream. Heat the cream until hot, but not boiling. Pour into a blender and blend at high speed. Add the remaining butter and check for seasoning. Keep warm in a water bath.nFor the gratin: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. In a large bowl, mix everything together. Taste the cream for proper seasoning. Dump contents in a baking dish with at least a 2inch lip. Make sure the cream covers the mixture. Bake in oven for 30 minutes, then stir well. Bake another 45 minutes until cream is thickened and potatoes are soft.nCut the gratin with a ring mold and place in the center of a plate. Spoon shallotpommery sauce around the gratin. Slice the steak and encircle the gratin. Garnish with crispy onions and mustard oil., ingredients: [4 8ounce prime sirloin strips also called NY strips, 5peppercorn mix 3: black, 2: white, 1: green, 1: pink, 12: Szechwan coarsely cracked, Salt to taste, 2 tablespoons dry mustard powder, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon salt, Water, to make a paste, 2 cups canola oil, 5 sliced shallots, 12 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons pommery whole grain mustard, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces hard butter, Salt and black pepper to taste, 6 large, peeled russet potatoes sliced 14inch thick, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 pound spinach leaves, destemmed, 2 cups sliced shiitake mushrooms Sauteed in oil, 1 quart heavy cream, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Grilled Peppered New York Strip with ShallotPommery Sauce SpinachShiitakePotato Gratin Dauphinoise, picturelink: null}, 44233: {instructions: Place peppers in food processor and puree. Add sugar, jalapeno, bread, garlic, tomato sauce, tomatoes and process until smooth. Add 12 cup of water to thin soup, if necessary. Add vinegar and oil, pulseprocess and season soup with salt, to taste.nServe immediately or chill. Garnish cups of soup with chopped red onion and pass blue corn chips for dipping into soup at table., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 slices white bread, crust removed and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 cup tomato sauce, 1 28ounce can stewed diced tomatoes, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt, 12 red onion, finely chopped, Blue corn tortilla chips], title: Gutsy Red Pepper Gazpacho, picturelink: mDcWACqZbx.o3o2szILHgv.ARZV1wi}, 44234: {instructions: Cut each egg in half lengthwise. Transfer hardboiled egg yolks to a mixing bowl. Melt butter in a saute pan, and gently cook apples and shallots until tender. Remove from heat and add parsley to apple mixture and let cool. Mix yolks with mayonnaise and mustard, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon apple mixture into empty hard boiled egg whites. Spoon egg mixture on top of apple. Garnish with lemonthyme or fresh mint., ingredients: [8 eggs, hard boiled, cooled and peeled, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and diced small, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh lemonthyme or fresh mint leaves, very finely chopped], title: Deviled Eggs with Apple Compote, picturelink: mvgkSFA.JkjdQU3N7wCXT.anssrjEjC}, 44235: {instructions: Special equipment: ten or twelve 10inch skewers, soaked for 30 minutesnFor the jalapeno yogurt dipping sauce: Heat the grill to high. Brush the jalapenos with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill, covered, turning occasionally, until charred on all sides and tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove to a cutting board leave the grill on.nHalve the jalapenos lengthwise and remove the seeds leave the skin on. Put the jalapenos in a food processor with the parsley, cilantro, Parmesan, pine nuts and some salt and pepper pulse until roughly chopped. With the machine running, drizzle in the olive oil until the mixture is smooth and thick. Taste and season as desired. Put the yogurt in a bowl and whisk until smooth. Swirl the pesto into the yogurt and set aside.nFor the zucchini skewers: Thread 3 or 4 zucchini rounds onto two parallel skewers, so that the cut sides will lay flat on the grill. Brush the zucchini with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, uncovered, until charred and tender, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a platter and drizzle with some olive oil. Serve with the jalapeno yogurt sauce., ingredients: [8 jalapenos, stems removed, Canola oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 14 to 13 cup olive oil, 2 cups nonfat or 2percent Greek yogurt, 3 medium zucchini, cut into 1inchthick rounds, Canola oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Grilled Zucchini Skewers with Jalapeno Yogurt Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44236: {instructions: Prepare the turkey a day before roasting: Pulse 10 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons chopped thyme, the paprika, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a food processor until combined. Remove the neck and giblets from the turkey discard the liver and reserve the neck and the rest of the giblets. Dry the turkey inside and out with paper towels. Loosen the skin over the breast, slide spoonfuls of the spiced butter underneath and smooth to cover the meat evenly. Rub the skin with the remaining spiced butter. Season the cavity with salt and pepper and stuff with 2 cipollinis, 3 thyme sprigs and the parsley sprigs. Refrigerate, uncovered, overnight.nSimmer the neck, chestnuts, broth and 4 cups water in a medium saucepan over low heat, partially covered, until the chestnuts are plump, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Strain, discarding the neck, and reserve the chestnuts and broth in separate bowls. This can be done a day ahead.nBring the turkey to room temperature 30 minutes before roasting. Place a rack in the lowest position of the oven and remove the other racks preheat to 400 degrees. Season the turkey all over with salt and pepper and stuff the lemon halves into the cavity. Tie the legs together with twine. Line a roasting rack with a double layer of foil and place in a roasting pan. Place the turkey, breastside down, on the foil and roast 45 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and turn the turkey breastside up, discarding the foil. Roast until golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 160 degrees, 30 to 35 more minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the vegetables: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat, then add the remaining 12 cipollinis and 2 thyme sprigs and cook until golden, about 5 minutes. Add the parsnips and cook until light brown, about 3 minutes. Add 3 cups of the reserved chestnut broth and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 12 minutes. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and cook until glazed, about 10 more minutes. Keep warm.nTransfer the turkey to a cutting board and place the roasting pan with drippings over mediumhigh heat. Whisk in the flour until browned, then whisk in 2 12 cups of the chestnut broth. Simmer until the gravy coats a spoon, about 5 minutes.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in another skillet, add the mushrooms and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the reserved chestnuts and cook until toasted, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, then add to the glazed vegetables. Whisk in the 2 tablespoons cold butter, then stir in the vinegar, chives and chopped parsley. Serve the turkey with the vegetables and gravy.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter 2 tablespoons kept cold, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 2 tablespoons chopped, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 10pound turkey, 14 small cipollini onions, peeled, 4 sprigs fresh parsley, plus 2 tablespoons chopped, 1 cup about 5 ounces dried peeled chestnuts, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 lemon, halved, 6 small parsnips, peeled and cut into large chunks, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 9 ounces oyster mushrooms, cut into large pieces, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 12 bunch chives, finely chopped], title: Turkey with Glazed Chestnuts, Parsnips and Mushrooms, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 44237: {instructions: Prepare tart shells: In an electric mixer, cream together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg and salt, and beat until combined. Add flour all at once, and slowly mix just until flour is evenly moistened. You dont want to mix until a ball forms around the beaters.nTransfer to a plastic bag and form into a 6 inch log. Seal bag, pressing out any air, and refrigerate a minimum of 4 hours or as long as 4 days.nDivide log into 8 parts. On a lightly floured board, roll dough into rounds to fit 8 individual tart pans, 3 inch round x 1 inch deep. The dough should be about 18 inch thick. Chill tart shells for 12 hour.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F. Line tart shells with parchment paper and fill with pie weights or dry beans. Bake 10 minutes, remove foil and weights and bake shells 5 minutes longer. Remove and cool.nPrepare tart filling: In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, corn syrup, eggs, butter and orange zest. Divide walnuts and cranberries evenly among the partially baked tart shells. Pour sugar mixture over walnuts and cranberries.nBake tarts 20 to 25 minutes or until crusts are golden. The edge of the filling will be firmer than the center. Cool tarts of wire racks and refrigerate until ready to serve. Remove cooled tarts from pans and serve., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup plus 6 tablespoons confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 orange, zested, 2 cups walnuts, coarsely chopped, 2 cups fresh or frozen cranberries], title: Cranberry Walnut Tartlets, picturelink: null}, 44238: {instructions: Season fish with salt and pepper. Place fish in an oval casserole dish. Melt butter in small saucepan. Add remaining ingredients and simmer about three minutes. Spoon sauce over fish and cook fish in 375 degree oven for about 10 to 12 minutes or until done. Sprinkle with chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 7 to 8ounce catfish fillets, 2 ounces butter, 4 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon jerk seasoning, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 34 cup catsup, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley for garnish], title: Baked Catfish in Spicy Bbq Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44239: {instructions: Cook the quinoa as the label directs. Meanwhile, whisk u00bf cup each soy sauce and mirin with threequarters of the garlic, the ginger and honey in a medium bowl. Add the salmon and turn to coat. Let marinate at room temperature, 15 minutes.nStir the scallions and the remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce into the quinoa. Cover and set aside.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Add the bok choy and cook until the leaves start wilting, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the remaining garlic and the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons mirin and the lemon zest toss to coat. Transfer the vegetables to a bowl.nWipe out the skillet and increase the heat to high. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Add the salmon and about onethird of the marinade to the skillet discard the remaining marinade. Cook until the salmon is golden brown and cooked through, 3 minutes per side. Top each serving of quinoa with the vegetables, salmon and more scallions. Serve with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 cup tricolor quinoa, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons mirin Japanese rice wine or 14 cup each seasoned rice vinegar and water plus 1 tablespoon honey, 4 cloves garlic, grated, 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 12 pounds skinless salmon, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 scallions white and light green parts only, sliced, plus more for topping, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 heads baby bok choy about 1 pound, trimmed and chopped, 6 ounces shiitake mushroom caps, thinly sliced, Grated zest of 12 lemon, plus wedges for serving], title: Teriyaki Salmon Quinoa Bowls, picturelink: YgR72NjuEnlBVH088Kb5.lD9x6fWu}, 44240: {instructions: Pulse 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, 12 stick soft butter and 2 tablespoons each parsley and cilantro in a food processor. Dollop the olive butter on Classic Mash.nClassic MashnCover 2 pounds whole russet or Yukon gold potatoes with cold salted water simmer 45 minutes. Drain, peel and mash with 12 to 1 stick butter. Add 1 cup hot milk, and salt and pepper mash until smooth and fluffy.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: Olive Butter Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 44241: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Soup Recipes, picturelink: null}, 44242: {instructions: Using a 5inch round cookie cutter, cut a smaller tortilla out of each tortilla. Save the scraps for making chilaquiles, tortilla soup, etc. Heat 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Then add the beans to warm and soften, about 5 minutes, stirring continuously to avoid burning. Turn the heat off and reserve.nIn a large saute pan, heat the remaining 12 cup of vegetable oil to 350 degrees F. While the oil is heating, form the panuchos. Start by spreading 1 tablespoon of warmed beans on the surface of the tortilla. Stack the second tortilla over it pressing on the edges to seal. Remove the excess beans on the side of the panucho. Working in batches, fry the panuchos until golden in color, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and drain on a papertowellined plate., ingredients: [20 corn tortillas, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 can refried black beans], title: Fried Black Bean Filled Tortillas Panuchos, picturelink: null}, 44243: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry cutternPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nStir together the flour, powdered milk, baking powder, sugar, salt, pepper, cream of tartar and sage in a medium bowl.nUsing a pastry cutter, cut the cold butter and shortening into the dry mixture until blended thoroughly.nStir in the buttermilk so the dough comes together.nOn a lightly floured surface, turn out the dough and use hands to press into a circle 1 to 1 12 inches thick.nCut out the circles with a biscuit cutter or glass. Place the biscuits in castiron skillets, then brush the tops with the melted butter.nBake until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 23 cup powdered milk, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon cream of tartar, 2 teaspoons ground sage, finely chopped, 2 sticks cold butter, cut into bits, plus 12 stick melted butter, 1 cup cold shortening, 3 cups buttermilk], title: Black Pepper and Sage Biscuits, picturelink: D9vWzCvTY0ihUnoD8Ld1UuD7GvljRBO}, 44244: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the olive oil, oregano, chipotle powder and garlic until well combined.nMeanwhile, carve out about a 1inchdeep hole in the center of the cheese to form a bowl. Place the cheese in a glass bowl and pour the olive oil mixture inside the cavity and all over the cheese, including the sides. Let stand for 1 hour at room temperature. Serve alongside sliced bolillo rolls., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon dried crumbled Mexican oregano, 1 teaspoon chipotle powder, 5 cloves garlic, One 10ounce round disk Oaxaca cheese, 2 bolillo rolls, sliced], title: Oregano Flavored Oaxaca Cheese, picturelink: null}, 44245: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a small skillet over medium low heat. Add the garlic and shallot and cook, stirring frequently, until the shallot softens and the garlic begins to brown, about 7 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.nPut the spinach in a colander and squeeze out all of the excess water. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and add the artichoke hearts, crumbled bacon, cooked garlic and shallot, lemon zest, sour cream, salt and pepper. Mix well with a rubber spatula, and transfer to a decorative bowl. Allow to sit for 30 minutes before serving so the flavors can blend. Serve with crispy pitas.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix all of the herbs and spices in a small bowl. Put the pita wedges into a large mixing bowl and add the spice mix. Drizzle the oil over all and toss well to coat. Put the pitas onto a baking sheet, shake it to even them out and place the pan into the top half of the preheated oven until they are crispy and lightly brown, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, let cool 10 minutes and mound around the dip bowl., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 shallot, minced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, 1 6ounce jar marinated artichoke hearts, roughly chopped, 10 bacon strips, fried until crisp and crumbled, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 cups sour cream, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Crispy Pitas, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon celery salt, 12 cup vegetable oil, 8 pitas, cut into 12 wedges each], title: Spinach, Artichoke and Bacon Dip with Crispy Pitas, picturelink: null}, 44246: {instructions: Mix 2 tablespoons each grated ginger, finely chopped ginger and finely chopped scallion in a small bowl. Add 12 teaspoon kosher salt and 14 teaspoon white pepper. Heat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a small saucepan until smoking pour over the gingerscallion mixture and stir. Add a splash of water if the sauce is too thick. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Ginger Sauce, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 44247: {instructions: In a large saucepan combine the stock, carrots, celery, onion and parsley. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer until vegetables are tender.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the matzo meal, 14 cup stock, 4 egg yolks, chicken fat or vegetable oil and salt and pepper. In another bowl, beat the egg whites until frothy but not stiff. Fold the egg whites into the matzo meal mixture. Refrigerate for 15 minutes. Shape the matzo mixture in to 2 inch balls while occasionally dipping your hands in cold water. Carefully add the balls to the simmering soup as you form them. Cover the soup and cook for 30 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [6 cups low sodium chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 carrot, peeled and sliced, 1 rib celery, sliced, 12 onion, peeled and chopped, 14 cup fresh chopped parsley, 1 cup matzo meal, 14 cup chicken stock, 4 eggs, separated, 14 cup rendered chicken fat or kosher for passover vegetable oil, Salt and pepper], title: Matzo Ball Soup, picturelink: null}, 44248: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add garlic and cook briefly to release aroma. Add onions, season with salt and cook for about 5 minutes stirring often. Reduce heat to low and cook for about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally until the onions are golden brown.nAdd the thyme, vinegar, and beer. Reduce beer by half and add the beef stock. Bring to a simmer and cook for 10 more minutes.nPreheat the broiler. Transfer soup to an ovenproof serving dish or individual ovenproof soup bowls. Top with toasted bread slices and sliced Cheddar. Broil until cheese melts and starts to brown slightly. Serve piping hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 cloves minced garlic, 8 cups thinly sliced onions, Gray salt, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 1 12 cups dark beer recommended: Guinness, 6 cups beef stock, 6 slices country bread cut 12inch thick, toasted, 12 pound Irish Cheddar, sliced thin], title: Guinness and Onion Soup with Irish Cheddar Crouton, picturelink: lyWTLBEaFIgPWefvdZZpbD4AnB4YLoO}, 44249: {instructions: In a small skillet, dryroast the green peppercorns over medium heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool. Put the Big Four Paste and the minced garlic in a mortar and pound until blended into a paste. Add the unpeeled garlic cloves and pound until the garlic and peels are blended into the paste. Do not worry if the membrane is separated from the cloves. You may want to remove the peel I encourage you to try it the authentic Thai way. It may seem unusual, but the reward is the wonderful texture and added taste of crispy garlic peel. Add the chiles and continue pounding. Add the green peppercorns and, instead of pounding, crush them by pressing them against the side of the mortar in a circular motion. Transfer the paste to a small bowl and set aside. The paste will keep well in a jar with a tightfitting lid in the refrigerator for a couple of weeks. Trim any fat from the chicken breast. Cut the breast in half. Working with one half breast at a time, slice horizontally almost but not quite in half. Open the meat up into a butterfly shape. Put your hand firmly on top of the meat and press down on it to flatten it. Using a very sharp knife, held at a 75degree angle to the work surface, slice thinly against the grain into 2 to 3 long pieces. Try to keep the pieces the same size and thickness. Set aside on a plate. Arrange the ingredients near the stove in the order they will go into the skillet: oil, chile paste, chicken, fish sauce, sugar, and a small cup of water. Heat a 12inch skillet over high heat for 2 minutes, or until when you put your hand an inch or so above it, you can feel the heat. Add the oil, then add the chile paste, stirring it quickly, until it turns slightly brown and fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chicken, lower the heat to medium, and sprinkle a bit of water into the pan to prevent the paste from burning. Try to keep the chicken pieces flat as you saute them to ensure even cooking. When the chicken is browned, push it to one side of the skillet and add the fish sauce and sugar to the center of the skillet. Stir and blend until the mixture bubbles, then push the chicken pieces into it while you continue to stir until the chicken is coated. If needed, sprinkle a bit more water to prevent sticking. Transfer the chicken to a serving platter, garnish with the crushed pork rind and cilantro, and serve hot., ingredients: [2 teaspoons dried green peppercorns, 1 tablespoon Big Four Paste, 10 cloves garlic, 5 minced, 5 unpeeled, lightly crushed, 3 to 20 fresh bird chiles or 2 to 15 serrano chiles, minced, 1 pound boneless, skinless large chicken breasts, rinsed and patted dry, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon fish sauce namm pla, 1 tablespoon sugar, Water as needed, 2 tablespoons crispy pork rinds, crushed to the consistency of coarse cornmeal, 20 sprigs cilantro, coarsely chopped], title: Seur Rong Hai Crying Tiger, picturelink: null}, 44250: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWrap the peppers in aluminum foil, and bake in the oven until tender, but not falling apart, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the grapeseed oil. When the oil is hot, add the onions, mushrooms and garlic and saute until the mushrooms are golden brown. Add in the zucchini, yellow squash, wild rice, tomatoes, red and green peppers and continue to cook until the vegetables are tender. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir in the tomato paste. Remove from the heat and fold in the fresh arugula or spinach and the fresh herbs. Spoon the vegetable mixture into the cooled peppers. Transfer the peppers to a heatproof serving dish and top with a little Parmesan. Bake until the peppers are heated through, about 15 minutes.nRemove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [6 green bell peppers, tops removed and seeded, 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 white onion, diced, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped garlic, 1 zucchini, diced, 1 yellow squash, diced, 2 cups cooked wild rice, 1 14ounce can tomatoes, drained, 1 cup diced red and green peppers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup fresh arugula or spinach, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped tarragon leaves, 12 cup grated Parmesan, to finish], title: Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: null}, 44251: {instructions: Put ground turkey and beef into a large mixing bowl. In a separate bowl combine bone meal, fenugreek, rosemary, marigold petals, and parsley, and mix well. Combine with the meat mixture. Use a food processor to grate apples, squash, and carrots. Add broccoli florets and dandelion greens and mix well. Add to the meat mixture. Combine haddock, beef heart, liver, kidney, gizzards, and beef fat and mix well. Add to the meat mixture. Combine eggs, olive oil, pressed garlic, and seaweed and mix well. Add to the meat mixture and thoroughly mix all the ingredients with your hands.nRecipe can be served as is to dogs that are accustomed to a raw diet. Otherwise make patties and poach them in chicken or beef stock.nTo serve either raw or poached, put a generous helping of recipe into dog bowl, add 1 cup of high quality, meat based kibble, 1 egg, 2 to 3 tablespoons of olive oil, and supplement with super foods: digestive enzymes, probiotics, coenzyme q10, and wild blue green algae.nRecipe can be made ahead and stored frozen in 1 weeksized containers., ingredients: [2 pounds ground turkey, 34 ground beef, 2 tablespoons bone meal, 1 tablespoon fenugreek, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, use less if dried, 14 cup marigold petals, 1 cup roughly chopped parsley leaves, 2 apples, or 8 ounces fruit, no grapes or raisins, roughly chopped, 1 squash, roughly chopped, 2 carrots, roughly chopped, 1 cup broccoli florets, 1 cup dandelion greens, 12 pound haddock, chopped into 1inch squares, 14 pound beef heart, chopped into 1inch squares, 14 pound liver, chopped into 1inch squares, 14 pound kidney, chopped into 1inch squares, 14 pound gizzards, chopped into 1inch squares, 14 pound beef fat, chopped into 1inch squares, 4 eggs, 12 cup olive oil, 4 cloves pressed garlic, 12 cup dried organic seaweed, soaked and strained to remove the salt, 2 cups chicken or beef stock, optional], title: RawWholeWildRegionalSeasonal Dog Food Recipe, picturelink: null}, 44252: {instructions: Put the scallions, sour cream, salt, and pepper in a blender and pulse until smooth. Set aside for 15 minutes before serving.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [4 scallions white and green parts, sliced, 1 cup sour cream, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Scallion Sour Cream, picturelink: null}, 44253: {instructions: null, ingredients: [1 tablespoon allpurpose seasoning, such as Everglades seasoning, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon celery salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 cup sliced andouille sausage, 6 large headon shrimp, peeled, head and tail left on, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 cup white wine, 3 ounces unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 teaspoon BBQ seasoning, Grilled Tuscan bread, for serving], title: Bud and Alleys Barbequed Shrimp, picturelink: psqm0UHUi6mX.ZQg88WKzWLrLtUlhvK}, 44254: {instructions: Put the chicken breasts in a resealable plastic bag and add the chile powder, lime zest, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and some salt and pepper. Seal the bag and shake to coat. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Remove the chicken from the bag and let any excess marinade drip off. Grill the chicken breasts until cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Keep warm.nPut the mango, kale, scallions, jalapeno and bell pepper in a large bowl. Whisk together the lime juice, chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons of the reserved mango liquid, the remaining 14 cup olive oil and salt and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Pour half of it over the salad and toss to coat. Add more if you like.nCut the chicken breasts into slices and fan them out. Pile the salad on a plate and arrange the chicken on top. Or you can leave the breast whole and pile the salad on top of the chicken., ingredients: [6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 tablespoon chile powder, Zest and juice of 1 lime, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 20ounce jar sliced mango, drained and finely sliced, some of the liquid reserved, 1 bunch kale, thinly shredded, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno, thinly sliced, 1 orange or red bell pepper, very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Mango Chile Chicken, picturelink: pbP4ga3HZ3W4tbBOgK.bKdphsB0si}, 44255: {instructions: Slice the strawberries. In a large bowl, toss 34 of them with the sugar and orange liqueur. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour to macerate.nPut the ice cream in the refrigerator to soften.nPut the cream and half of the macerated strawberries in a cold mixing bowl. With an electric mixer, whip to soft peak, about 2 minutes. Fold in the softened ice cream.nDistribute the cream among 6 chilled bowls. Mix the plain sliced berries with the remaining macerated berries and place on top of the cream., ingredients: [2 pints strawberries, washed and stemmed, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier or Cointreau, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Strawberries Romanoff, picturelink: GoneF36uEBZMd6gucg68nDZnG96br6}, 44256: {instructions: Heat a grill or build a fire.nPlace 4 large pieces of aluminum foil on the counter or table. Place 1 flour tortilla on each piece of foil. Scoop chocolate chips and marshmallows into the center of each tortilla. Roll each tortilla like a burrito, capturing all ingredients inside the tortilla. Completely cover the rolled Smorito with aluminum foil. Using longhandled tongs, carefully place each Smorito on the grill or on the campfire coals. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes, depending on the heat intensity of the fire, turning often to ensure even cooking. The Smoritos are done when all ingredients have melted together., ingredients: [4 large flour tortillas, 1 cup milk chocolate chips, 2 cups miniature marshmallows, Pie filling any flavor, Butterscotch chips, Peanut butter chips, White chocolate chips, Caramel sauce, Hot fudge, Candied fruit], title: Smoritos, picturelink: null}, 44257: {instructions: In large bowl combine lobster, grapes, celery, parsley and pine nuts. Prepare the dressing in a small bowl by whisking together the shallots, vinegar, lemon juice, tarragon, olive oil, salt and pepper. Pour over the lobster mixture and gently toss to combine. Line the rolls with lettuce and fill with lobster salad.nLarge shrimp may be substituted.nNutritional analysis per serving: Calories 375 Protein 28 g Carbohydrate 31 g Fat 16 g 38 Calories from Fat Cholesterol 78 mg Sodium 778 mg Fiber 2.4 g., ingredients: [3 cups lobster meat, fresh or frozen, 1 cup green seedless California grapes, halved, 12 cup chopped celery, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 3 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 tablespoon champagne or white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 4 each soft artisan rolls, split horizontally, 4 each leafs of red lettuce, washed and dried], title: Lobster Salad Rolls with Grapes, Pine Nuts and Tarragon, picturelink: 26eF91k0CbNL3oBrLg0DW0YQC7DNKsW}, 44258: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: small wooden skewers or large toothpicksnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Set a wire rack over a baking sheet.nMelt the butter with the chili powder in a small pan, stirring to combine. Divide the chili butter between 2 separate bowls.nWrap each shrimp in a half piece of bacon and skewer with a small skewer or large toothpick. Arrange the shrimp on the wire rack and brush with half of the chili butter 1 of the bowls.nBake until the bacon is cooked, 5 to 10 minutes. With a clean brush, brush on more chili butter from the second bowl. Serve on a big platter and sprinkle with sliced green onions., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 12 pounds peeled and deveined raw jumbo shrimp U12 size, 1 pound thin bacon, slices cut in half, 3 green onions, sliced], title: BaconWrapped Chili Shrimp, picturelink: jFohCDVTIvvbmHpLTonkASImEkrsp52}, 44259: {instructions: Combine the cranberries and sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the vanilla extract or split vanilla bean and cook, stirring, until the cranberries burst, 5 to 6 minutes.nDivide the cranberry mixture between 2 large mason jars. Divide the vodka between the jars. Cover and refrigerate for 1 week. Strain out the cranberries. Store the flavored vodka in a clean jar in the refrigerator.nFor each drink, pour 2 ounces cranberry vodka over ice in a tall glass top with tonic. Garnish with a slice of lime.nPhotograph by James Wojcik, ingredients: [1 pound fresh cranberries, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract or 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 3 cups vodka, 1 liter tonic, Lime slices, for garnish], title: Cranberry Vodka Tonics, picturelink: ABI6ihurnyuo7wMgM.XfZrVDasXSHeG}, 44260: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a food processor, blend the peanuts, tahini, lemon juice, parsley, garlic, lemon zest and cayenne pepper until coarsely chopped. With the food processor running, pour the olive oil through the top opening in a slow steady stream, processing until the mixture is smooth. Slowly add water, a tablespoon at a time, until desired spreading consistency. Season with salt and pepper and serve with your choice of chips, crackers or vegetables We love it with red pepper strips, ingredients: [One 15ounce can or 2 cups fresh boiled peanuts, shelled, 5 tablespoons tahini, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice about 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, Serving suggestions: chips, crackers or vegetables], title: Georgia Pate, picturelink: 0LimezhsY41eXki24492ea64K0tjfoa}, 44261: {instructions: Shell shrimp, then add shells to the white wine and simmer in a small covered saucepan for about 30 minutes. Strain and reduce liquid to about 14 cup.nAdd spinach to reduced liquid, cover and cook until tender. Allow to cool. In a small saute pan cook bacon until crisp. Remove bacon bits and drippings from pan. Melt butter, then add shallots and garlic and cook until translucent. Add shrimp and spices continue to cook until shrimp are opaque.nDrain spinach well, reserving liquid. Add spinach liquid, heavy cream and hazelnut liqueur to shrimp mixture and continue to cook until liquid is thickened and reduced by 12. Allow to cool.nThen in a medium sized bowl mix spinach with shrimp, bacon and remainder of ingredients except oysters. Top each oyster with about 2 to 3 tablespoons of the stuffing. Cook on top rack of grill at high heat until mixture is bubbling and golden brown on top., ingredients: [12 pound shrimp, chopped fine, shells reserved, 12 cup white wine, 1 pound spinach, frozen, chopped, 12 pound bacon, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 whole shallot, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon dry thyme, White pepper and salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 1ounce hazelnut liqueur recommended: Frangelico, 12 cup grated Swiss cheese, 14 cup grated Asiago, 2 dozen fresh oysters, in the half shell], title: Oysters Randall, picturelink: null}, 44262: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBrown the beef in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the chili powder and garlic powder and stir to combine. Add 14 cup water and let simmer until evaporated.nTransfer the beef to a slow cooker. Stir in the cheese and salsa. Cover and let cook on high until melted, about 1 hour.nServe with tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, One 32ounce block processed cheese, such as Velveeta, cubed, One 16ounce jar salsa, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: SlowCooker Chile Con Queso, picturelink: AVVEidN14JoZMw6LhmkuMFaR344zLEe}, 44263: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the cookie: In a medium mixing bowl, sift together the flour, salt, and cinnamon. In a large mixing bowl, with an electric mixer, cream the butter, granulated sugar, and dark brown sugar. Beat in egg whites, vanilla and butter flavor extracts. Carefully fold in the flour mixture with a rubber spatula. Wrap dough in plastic and chill until dough is firm, about 30 minutes in freezer.nFor the peach filling: In a medium mixing bowl, mix peach preserves with cinnamon, nutmeg, lemon zest and lemon extract. When dough has chilled, roll out dough 14inch thick and cut into pieces about 2 12 inches wide and 3 inches long. Place a teaspoon of peach filling in the center of each piece and fold each end of the dough to the center to cover the filling. Flatten cookies slightly and place them seam down and 1inch apart on a parchmentlined cookie sheet. Bake for about 12 minutes, until lightly browned and just firm. Cool on the cookie sheet. Dust cookies with a mixture of powdered sugar and cinnamon, if using., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 23 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 14 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 2 egg whites, 1 teaspoon vanilla or maple extract, 12 teaspoon butterflavored extract, 1 12 cups peach preserves, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus extra for dusting, optional, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon lemon extract, Powdered sugar, for dusting, optional], title: Peach Cobbler Newtons, picturelink: null}, 44264: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the croquettes: Put the potatoes in a heavy medium pot and cover with cold water. Stir in the salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until very tender, about 30 minutes.nWhile the potatoes simmer, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the achiote paste or smoked paprika, if using, mix well until combined, and remove from the heat. Set aside.nDrain the potatoes, cool until able to handle, and peel. Mash them in a large bowl with a fork or potato masher. Add the mozzarella cheese and onion mixture and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the mixture into 8 balls and flatten them into 3inch patties.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumheat until hot. Fry the croquettes in 2 batches, turning over once, until a crust forms. Drain on paper towels. Carefully transfer the croquettes to a platter. Top with the arugula and drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Squeeze lime juice on top and sprinkle with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, skins intact, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup olive oil, divided, 12 cup finely minced onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons achiote paste, or smoked paprika, 1 cup 4 ounces shredded mozzarella cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups arugula, 2 limes, halved], title: AchiotePotato Croquettes, picturelink: sXnFxoOWZOCkCPSSjGXSU4qcIdmVPFG}, 44265: {instructions: For the onions: Heat a large oven proof 10inch nonstick pan, with oil in it, to medium heat. Add the onions and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the onions are soft and lightly caramelized, about 10 minutes. Once they are caramelized, pour them into a bowl and set aside.nFor the giardiniera frittata: Set the oven to broil. Whisk the eggs in a bowl. Wipe the skillet you cooked the onions in and place back over mediumlow heat, then add the butter and olive oil. Add the eggs and slowly cook until the bottom is set but the top is still wet, 4 to 6 minutes. Sprinkle the Hot Giardiniera evenly over the eggs and season with salt and pepper.nPlace the skillet in the broiler on the middle rack and broil until the top is spotty brown and puffy, about 5 minutes. Let the frittata cool slightly and, using a 3 to 4inch ring mold, cut out circles that will match the size of your bread.nFor the burger: Heat a grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Grill each side of bologna until grill marks form, 3 to 4 minutes a side. Once you flip to the second side, top each slice with a piece of cheese and cover with a metal bowl until melted.nFor the sandwich build: Layer the bottom bun with a dollop of the Dusseldorf mustard, bologna with cheese, onions and the frittata. Schmear the top bun with another dollop of Dusseldorf mustard. Close the sandwich, recite the Pledge of Allegiance and eat whole.nCombine 2 cups water and the salt in a glass or nonreactive bowl. Mix until the salt is dissolved. Add the carrots, cauliflower, serranos, garlic, celery and bell pepper to the salt water and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nDay 2, drain and rinse the vegetables. In a clean bowl, mix together the oil with the oregano and pepper. Add the vegetables and mix to combine. Allow to marinate overnight. Giardiniera will only get better with time. After 2 days at the most in the bowl, you can place in airtight mason jars and keep in the fridge for at least 2 to 3 weeks., ingredients: [1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 large eggs, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 34 cup Homemade Hot Giardiniera, drained and chopped, recipe follows or your favorite store brand, Four 12inch thick slices bologna about 1 pound, such as Boars Head brand, 4 to 8 slices pepper jack cheese, 4 soft kaiser buns, buttered and lightly grilled, Dusseldorf mustard, 14 cup table salt, 1 cup smalldiced carrots, 1 cup tiny cauliflower florets, 4 to 8 serrano peppers,sliced depending on heat level desired, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 stalk celery, diced small, 1 red bell pepper, dicedsmall, 2 cups canola oil, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Bologna Burger, picturelink: mZQSMKdruqJdNd4WvUtxNQxJA3dDidy}, 44266: {instructions: Combine all but a few blackberries and sugar in a small saucepan and cook over high heat until the sugar has melted and the berries are soft and just starting to break down.nPut the cooked berries, the ice cream, pomegranate juice and milk in a blender and puree until thick and creamy. Pour into tall glasses and garnish each glass with a few berries., ingredients: [1 pint fresh blackberries, 2 to 4 tablespoons sugar depending on berries sweetness, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 12 ounces pomegranate juice, 1 cup milk], title: Blackberry Shakes, picturelink: z47DL0JLRXGEcmkeCdVDxiGYIHvtkS}, 44267: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a 9inch pie pan with your favorite pastry. In a large bowl, combine orange, lemon juice, peach pie filling, cranberries, raisins, sugar, tapioca, and 13 cup brandy. Mix well. Spoon filling mixture into pie crust. Top the pie with another crust and seal and flute the edges. Cut slits into the top crust. Cover the edge of the pie with aluminum foil to prevent excessive browning. Bake for 40 minutes. Remove the foil and bake an additional 20 minutes until the crust is browned. Place pie on rack to cool.nIcing: Mix the confectioners sugar, butter, and remaining 1 12 teaspoons brandy in a small bowl until smooth. Gently drizzle or spread over cooled pie., ingredients: [1 pastry for doublecrust 9inch pie, 1 small seedless orange, finely chopped including peel, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 21ounce can peach pie filling, 1 cup dried cranberries recommended: Craisins brand, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons minute tapioca, 13 cup brandy plus 1 12 teaspoons, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 1 12 tablespoons butter, softened], title: Brandied Cranberry Fruit Pie, picturelink: null}, 44268: {instructions: Add the garlic, egg, anchovy, lemon juice, salt and pepper in a blender and process. Pour in the olive oil in a slow, steady stream until the aioli emulsifies. Fold in sour cream and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon water, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 jumbo egg yolk, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 anchovy fillets, 12 cup sour cream], title: Anchovy Aioli, picturelink: null}, 44269: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F.nCOMBINE shortening, brown sugar and granulated sugar in large bowl beat at medium speed until well blended. Add eggs, vanilla and water. Beat until well blended.nCOMBINE flour, baking soda and salt in medium bowl. Add, one cup at a time, to shortening mixture. Beat at low speed until blended. Stir in semisweet chocolate chunks, sweet chocolate pieces, white baking bar pieces, coconut and brickle chips until blended. Drop by heaping tablespoonfuls 3 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheet.nBAKE 12 to 15 minutes or until set but not browned. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheets, transfer to cooling racks to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 1 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 1 14 cups firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tsps. vanilla extract, 12 tsp. water, 3 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 tsp. baking soda, 12 tsp. salt, 1 10 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chunks, 1 4 oz. pkg. German sweet chocolate, cut into small, chunksize pieces, 2 2 oz. white baking bars, cut into small, chunksize pieces, 1 cup flaked coconut, 12 cup almond brickle chips], title: Chunk Full of Chocolate Surprise Cookies, picturelink: lr1u.kV2n4qv6w3f81ibLPZVpZd0.6}, 44270: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a small pot, combine the prunes and wine and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook gently until the wine clings to the prunes, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature.nPlace the hazelnuts on a baking sheet and toast until dark golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer the nuts to a clean kitchen towel, gather up the sides to make a pouch, and roll them on the counter to rub off the skins. Unfurl the cloth, and roll the nuts to the edge and into a dish. When the nuts are cool, crush them to a medium grade, using a knife, a mortar and pestle, or a small food processor.nHeat a medium skillet over medium heat and add 3 tablespoons of the butter, the onions, and 12 teaspoon of the salt. Cook uncovered, stirring often, until dark golden and sweet, about 20 minutes. Scrape onto a plate to cool.nBring a 2quart saucepot of wellsalted water to a boil.nBlanch the cabbage leaves in the boiling water until wilted, about 1 minute each. Run the leaves under cold water to cool shake off excess water. Cut away the thickest part of the stems. Dry the leaves and set them aside on a plate until ready to use.nRaise the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the pork, breadcrumbs, parsnip, carrot, parsley, thyme, sage, pepper, nutmeg, eggs, the cooled onions, and the remaining 1 14 teaspoons salt. Mix swiftly with your hands until just combined.nPile the meatloaf mixture into the center of a 9by13inch baking pan and pat into a long rectangular shape. Press the prunes 12inch deep into the meat, like buttons running down the center of the loaf. Pull some of the meat off of each end and use it to cover the tops of the prunes.nCover the meatloaf with overlapping cabbage leaves. Rub the outside of the leaves with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter.nBake until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 50 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [10 to 12 prunes, pitted, 12 cup white wine, such as sauvignon blanc, 23 cup hazelnuts, 3 tablespoons plus 2 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 2 cups diced onion about 1 extralarge Vidalia onion, 12 teaspoon plus 1 14 teaspoons fine sea salt, plus more for blanching, 8 to 10 large cabbage leaves, preferably savoy cabbage, 2 pounds ground pork, preferably an 8020 mix ground from pork butt, 2 cups fresh breadcrumbs, preferably from ciabatta, 34 cup grated parsnip about 1 large parsnip, 12 cup grated carrot about 1 large carrot, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 2 eggs], title: Pork Meatloaf with Cabbage and Prunes, picturelink: RzUghpP7ZlPjmC5bvmA7xSzkKpSivW}, 44271: {instructions: On the day or the night before, cut up 1 potato into quarters and boil it with its skin on until fork tender. Chill until ready to use, if making the night before.nWarm together the potato and milk.nMeanwhile, place the flour, salt, olive oil, and yeast in a mixing bowl with a dough hook making sure the yeast isnt touching the salt. Pour in the warmed milk and potato and mix on low for 6 minutes. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let sit 1 hour or until double in bulk.nTurn the mixer on to punch down the dough, then turn it out onto a flour work surface. Roll the dough into a flat rectangular sheet. Grease a sheet pan well with olive oil and transfer the dough to that pan. Continue to roll the dough into the corners of the pan to fit it exactly.nPrick the dough all over then rub the surface with more olive oil. Dot the surface with grapes in even rows. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until it reaches the top of the sheet pan.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle with coarse sugar and bake for 25 to 30 minutes until golden brown. Remove from oven and let cool in pan only a few minutes, then slide it out of the pan steam gets trapped under the dough and can get soggy if you leave it in the pan too long. Cut into rectangular pieces and serve., ingredients: [1 medium potato, 1 to 1 12 cups milk, 4 cups bread flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 ounce fresh yeast, 1 bunch seedless red grapes, cut in half if very large, 14 cup coarse sugar], title: Red Grape Focaccia, picturelink: null}, 44272: {instructions: Special equipment: Ten 3inch tartlet pans, preferably with removable bottomsnFor the crust: Process the rolled oats, almonds and salt in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl, and stir in the oat flour and brown rice flour. Drizzle in the coconut oil, and mix well. Add the maple syrup and vanilla, then stir to combine. The dough will be quite wet. Cover the bowl, and set aside for 30 to 60 minutes or until the dough is moist but no longer sticky.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Thoroughly oil ten 3inch tartlet pans, and press the dough evenly into each, trimming excess dough from the edges. Prick the bottoms with a fork several times, place the tart pans on a baking sheet and bake until golden and fragrant, 20 to 22 minutes. Let cool.nFor the filling: Line a medium strainer with a thin kitchen towel or several layers of cheesecloth, and place it over a medium pot set aside. Blend 2 12 cups water and the almonds in a blender until smooth. Pour the almond milk through the lined strainer into a pot. Gather the edges of the cloth, and gently squeeze out the milk discard the dry pulp that remains. Add the maple syrup, agar flakes and salt to the almond milk, and whisk to combine. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, whisking every minute or so. Cover the pot, reduce the heat to low and simmer until all the agar is dissolved, about 15 minutes. Combine the arrowroot with 1 tablespoon water, and slowly drizzle the mixture into the simmering liquid. When the liquid returns to a simmer, remove the pot from the heat and whisk in the vanilla.nCarefully remove the crusts from the pans. Pour 14 cup of the warm filling into each tart shell. Place the tartlets on a flat tray, set aside until the filling has stopped steaming, then refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or until ready to serve.nFor the topping: Bring the cranberries, orange juice, maple syrup and cinnamon to a boil in a small pot. Stir the mixture, cover the pot, reduce the heat to low and simmer for until the cranberries are soft, 5 minutes. Dissolve the arrowroot in 2 teaspoons water, and slowly drizzle the arrowroot mixture into the cranberry mixture. Remove the pan from the heat once the mixture has returned to a simmer. Let cool. Top each tartlet with a spoonful of the cranberry mixture, and serve., ingredients: [34 cup rolled oats see Cooks Notes, 34 cup whole toasted almonds see Cooks Notes, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons oat flour, 6 tablespoons brown rice flour, 14 cup melted extravirgin coconut oil, plus more for the pans, 6 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup whole toasted almonds, 13 cup maple syrup, 1 tablespoon agar flakes, Pinch sea salt, 2 teaspoons arrowroot, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups fresh or frozen cranberries, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 3 tablespoons maple syrup, Pinch cinnamon, 1 teaspoon arrowroot], title: GlutenFree, Vegan CranberryAlmond Tartlets, picturelink: ps.LWNwoZmHqALjBQ8yzOIoFhR6ya1C}, 44273: {instructions: For the broth: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until golden brown and crispy, stirring occasionally, about 7 minutes. Remove the bacon and reserve for the relish.nIncrease the heat to high, add the onions, celery, and carrots and cook until slightly soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook 30 seconds. Add the wine and cook until almost completely reduced, and then add the fish stock and bring to a boil. Add the tomato puree to the broth and bring back to a boil. Cook until slightly reduced and thickened, about 10 minutes.nFor the potatoes: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the potatoes on a baking sheet, toss with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast in the oven until golden brown and just cooked through, turning once, about 15 minutes.nFor the fish: Heat the oil in a large nonstick, ovensafe pan until it shimmers. Season the fish on both sides with salt and pepper and cook until golden brown. Turn over, transfer to the oven, and cook until just cooked through, 8 minutes. Cut crosswise into 4 equal pieces.nFor the relish: Heat the oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the reserved bacon and cook until golden brown. Add the garlic and red chile flakes and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in the parsley and transfer to a small bowl.nTo serve: Ladle the broth into 4 bowls. Place a piece of halibut in the center of the bowl. Arrange 3 potato halves around the fish and garnish with the bacon relish., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 14 pound slab bacon, finely diced, 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced, 1 small stalk celery, finely diced, 1 small carrot, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, such as Sauvignon Blanc, 4 cups fish stock, 1 cup pureed canned plum tomatoes, 6 fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, 1 1 12 pound piece halibut fillet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 18 teaspoon red chile flakes, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flat leaf parsley], title: Manhattan Fish Chowder with Roasted Fingerling Potatoes and Bacon Relish, picturelink: UOSASFu9M4rOtXCWwgwJPehJtC1KbQe}, 44274: {instructions: 1. Beat eggs together with milk, sugar and Vanilla extract in shallow bowl until well blended. Place panko in pie pan or shallow dish. Dip each bread slice into egg mixture, thoroughly coating both sides then coat both sides of bread slices with bread crumbs. Place on large wire rack.n2. Add butter and oil into 1714 x 1112inch jellyroll pan. Place pan in 400 degrees F. oven 1 to 2 minutes, or until butter melts. Remove pan from oven.n3. Place bread slices into pan, in single layer, turning over once to coat both sides of bread slices with butter mixture.n4. Return to oven and bake 15 minutes. Turn bread slices over and bake 10 minutes longer, or until golden brown.n5. Serve with butter and maple syrup., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 114 cups milk, 34 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon Vanilla Extract, 1 cup Kikkoman Panko Bread Crumbs, 8 slices dry white bread, 14 cup butter, 14 cup vegetable oil, Butter and maple syrup], title: Crispy Baked French Toast, picturelink: null}, 44275: {instructions: Preheat a nonstick skillet or griddle pan to high heat. Blister a flour tortilla for 20 seconds, flip. Cover half the tortilla surface with shredded cheese, bits of chorizo or andouille, and chopped scallions. Fold the tortilla in half and cook a minute longer, 30 seconds on each side, pressing down gently with a spatula. Cut quesadillas into 4 wedges and top with salsa.nFor salsa, combine ingredients in a small bowl and spoon over wedges of quesadilla, as you snack., ingredients: [4 large 12inch flour tortillas, 2 cups shredded Monterey pepper Jack or smoked Cheddar, 12 pound chorizo or andouille, casing removed and finely chopped, 2 scallions, chopped, 3 small plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 1 small white onion, finely chopped, Handful cilantro, finely chopped, Coarse salt], title: Chorizo Quesadillas, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 44276: {instructions: For the stock: In a medium saucepot, add enough water approximately 5 cups to cover the turkey neck, giblets, carrot, celery, and onion. Bring the water to a boil reduce heat and simmer on low, skimming the top occasionally for any foam. Cook the stock for at least one hour and up to two hours. Discard the turkey pieces and vegetables and strain the stock through a cheeseclothlined strainer into another bowl. Strain again, if desired.nFor the gravy: In a wide pot or skillet just deep enough to accommodate the stock, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the bourbon and cook until nearly evaporated. Add the turkey stock and cornstarch and whisk vigorously until smooth.nIncrease the heat to high and bring the gravy to a boil. Cook, stirring frequently, until it has reduced down and is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 15 to 20 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir in the sage and cook for one more minute. Adjust seasoning, if necessary. Turn off heat and keep warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [Turkey necks and giblets, not including the livers, 1 carrot, chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 stalk celery, chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 sweet onion, preferably Vidalia, peeled and quartered, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 cup chopped sweet onions, preferably Vidalia, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons bourbon, 4 cups turkey stock, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage], title: Bourbon Gravy, picturelink: null}, 44277: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt brown sugar in a saucepan over medium heat until it turns to liquid and begins to caramelize. Pour into 6 custard cups, shaking cups to make sure the sugar is evenly distributed. Dont touch the sugar because it will be very hot.nMix the remaining ingredients together and pour into each custard cup. Fill a large baking pan with 1inch of hot water. Place custard cups in the water bath and bake for about 45 to 50 minutes, or until just set. Cool in the baking pan until they reach room temperature. Remove from water bath and chill. To serve, quickly turn each cup over onto an individual serving plate. The sugar will have turned into a delicious syrupy glaze. For an extra treat, serve with fruit and whipped cream., ingredients: [12 cup brown sugar, 2 cups skim milk, 14 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 3 eggs, beaten, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Baked Caramel Custard, picturelink: null}, 44278: {instructions: Fill premade miniature tart shells or phyllo cups with sweet mascarpone cream recipe below, then arrange on a tray and top with blueberries and halved strawberry slices to create stars and stripes.nMascarpone Cream:nBeat an 8ounce container of mascarpone cheese and 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar with a mixer until smooth. Gently fold in 12 cup freshly whipped cream.nPhotographs by Tara Donne, ingredients: [], title: FruitTart Flag, picturelink: ENkQ3B1Yy.XWo5RhwdiK62X5TUmMuGm}, 44279: {instructions: In a stainless steel or enameled saucepan combine 1 cup water, 13 cup sugar, 8 whole allspice, 8 cloves and two 3inch pieces of cinnamon stick and simmer the mixture for 10 minutes. Add 1 12 cups unsweetened pineapple juice, 1 cup each of grapefruit juice and orange juice, 14 cup lemon juice, and 4 jiggers 6 ounces gin and heat the mixture but do not let it boil. Strain the punch into warmed mugs and garnish each drink with an orange slice., ingredients: [], title: Hot Fruit Punch, picturelink: null}, 44280: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large sauce pot of water to a boil. Salt the water, add the pasta and cook to al dente.nMeanwhile, in another sauce pot, melt the butter over medium heat, add the garlic and onions and saute until translucent and fragrant. Stir in the flour and cook for 1 minute more. Whisk the milk into the sauce and heat until thickened. Season with the paprika, dry mustard and black pepper, to taste. Melt in the cheese. Drain the pasta, and add it to the sauce along with the pimientos. Serve immediately or transfer it to a shallow dish and brown under the hot broiler for a crunchy top., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound macaroni or any short cut pasta or wholewheat short cut pasta, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 clove garlic, grated or finely chopped, 14 cup grated or very finely chopped onion, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons paprika, 12 palmful, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 13 palmful, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded yellow extrasharp Cheddar, 1 4ounce jar chopped pimiento, drained], title: Pimiento Cheesy Mac, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 44281: {instructions: Stuffed Hushpuppies: Preheat a deep pot halfway filled with oil or a deepfryer to 350 degrees F. With a medium ice cream scoop portion out the hush puppy mix and fry until golden brown. Allow to cool, then cut a slice of the top of the hushpuppy and scoop out the insides, being careful not to cut through the hushpuppy on the bottom or sides. Set aside.nIn a medium saute pan over medium to high heat, saute the leeks, ginger, garlic, and onion in butter for 10 minutes, being careful not to brown. Add the heavy cream and turn to low and allow the cream to reduce by half. When cream has reduced by half add the shrimp, lobster, and crawfish and cook until the mixture is slightly thickened. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and keep warm.nCreole Tomato Sauce: In a medium sauce pot heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat and saute the pepper, onion, garlic, celery, and Creole seasoning for 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook for 5 minutes longer. Add remaining ingredients and cook on low for 25 minutes. Remove from stove and puree the sauce as smooth as possible in a blender or food processor. Pass through a sieve or colander. Keep warmnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. To finish the dish: Stuff the hushpuppies with the rock shrimpcrawfish mixture and bake in the oven for 5 minutes. Place 2 ounces of Creole sauce on plate and top with stuffed hushpuppies., ingredients: [3 cupsbox hushpuppy mix, made following directions on box, 1 bunch fresh leeks, washed and chopped into half moons, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh garlic, 1 medium Vidalia onion, finely diced, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 pound fresh rock shrimp, cleaned and peeled, 1 pound fresh Maine lobster meat, cut into 12inch chunks, 12 pound crawfish tail meat, Salt and pepper, 1 green pepper, roughly chopped, 1 medium Vidalia onion, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, 12 stalk celery, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons Creole seasoning, 4 vine ripened tomatoes, roughly chopped, 2 quarts chicken stock, 2 each bay leaves, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme], title: Georgia Hushpuppies, picturelink: null}, 44282: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and line 6 12 cup muffin tins with paper liners.nIn a small heatproof bowl cover cranberries with boiling water and soak 5 minutes.nWhile cranberries are soaking, into a bowl sift together flour, cornstarch, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, and a pinch salt. In another bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and sugar until light and fluffy and beat in egg, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. Stir in flour mixture and milk alternately in several batches, beginning and ending with flour and stirring until smooth after each addition.nDrain cranberries and pat dry. Chop cranberries fine and stir into batter. Divide batter among muffin tins and bake in middle of oven until a tester comes out clean, about 20 minutes.nMaking frosting while cupcakes are baking:nIn a bowl beat together frosting ingredients until smooth and chill.nTurn cupcakes onto a rack and cool 10 minutes. Spread cupcakes with frosting., ingredients: [14 cup dried cranberries, 6 tablespoons all purpose flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup sugar, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 14 teaspoon vanilla, 2 tablespoons milk, 14 cup 2 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons pure maple syrup or honey], title: Cranberry Cupcakes with Maple Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: null}, 44283: {instructions: In a medium sized bowl mix the cheeses together and set aside, covered, in the refrigerator until ready to use.nIn a hot saute pan over medium heat the olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the jalapeno chili, garlic, tomato, scallion, zucchini, and oregano and saute for 2 minutes. Fold in the cilantro and set aside.nPlace the tortillas in a hot dry saute pan over medium heat or on a hot grill and spoon 2 tablespoons of the vegetable saute and 2 tablespoons of the cheese mixture on to each tortilla. Fold the tortillas in half and toast each side for 1 to 2 minutes until the cheese starts to melt. Cut each tortilla in thirds and arrange on a serving plate garnished with spinach and Swiss chard., ingredients: [4 tablespoons feta cheese, drained and crumbled, 4 tablespoons grated part skim mozzarella cheese, 1 tablespoon crumbled bleu cheese, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 jalapeno, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 tomato, diced, 1 scallion, sliced, 12 zucchini, cubed, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 4 10inch flour tortillas, 1 cup chopped fresh spinach, 1 cup washed and chopped Swiss chard], title: Three Cheese Veggie Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 44284: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace blanched almonds and hazelnuts on a cookie sheet and roast 7 to 8 minutes your nose will know when theyre done.nMelt butter in small skillet with hot sauce, grill seasoning, and cumin. Remove from heat.nRemove toasted nuts from oven and drizzle with butter and spices. Add smoked nuts and seeds to the cookie sheet and toss Everything Nuts to combine. Transfer nuts to a serving dish.nServe warm., ingredients: [1 cup whole blanched almonds, 1 cup hazelnuts, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 cups smoked almonds recommended: Diamond Smokehouse Almonds, 1 teaspoon poppy seeds, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds], title: Everything Roasted Nuts, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 44285: {instructions: Combine all ingredients together in a blender and puree until smooth., ingredients: [1 cup raspberries, frozen, 1 cup crushed pineapple, 1 cup soy milk, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup soft silken tofu], title: Silken Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 44286: {instructions: Make filling: In a heavy 5quart kettle simmer filling ingredients with a pinch salt, covered, until apples are fully plumped, about 15 minutes. Uncover mixture and simmer, stirring occasionally, until thick and any excess liquid is evaporated or absorbed, about 1 hour. Reduce heat as liquid is evaporated or absorbed and stir mixture frequently toward end of cooking to prevent scorching. Discard cinnamon sticks. Filling may be made 2 days ahead and cooled before being chilled, covered. Make topping: Cut butter into 12inch pieces. In a food processor pulse butter, flour, and granulated sugar until crumbly. Transfer topping to a bowl and chill, covered, until ready to use. Make pastry dough when filling and topping are done: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Cut butter into 12inch pieces. In cleaned food processor pulse together pastry dough ingredients and a pinch of salt until mixture begins to gather together. Press dough evenly onto bottom and up side of an 11inch tart pan with a removable fluted rim. Line shell with foil and bake in middle of oven until shell is set, about 12 minutes. Gently remove foil if foil sticks to shell, leave foil on and bake about 2 minutes more and bake shell until edge is golden, about 5 minutes tart shell will not be completely cooked. Immediately spoon filling into shell and crumble topping evenly over filling. Bake tart in middle of oven 30 minutes or until topping is golden. Cool tart in pan on rack. Tart may be made 1 day ahead and kept, covered and chilled, in pan. Reheat tart, uncovered, if desired or bring to room temperature before serving. Remove side of pan. Serve tart with whipped cream or ice cream., ingredients: [12 ounces dried apples preferably Granny Smith, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 4 cups water, 2 cups apple cider, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 4 3inch cinnamon sticks, 34 stick cold unsalted butter, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 14 sticks cold unsalted butter, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup confectioners sugar, Whipped cream or ice cream for garnish], title: DriedApple Tart with Crisp Crumble Topping, picturelink: null}, 44287: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Panini makernPreheat a panini maker.nFor the vegetables: In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, onions, peppers, herbes de Provence, salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the vegetables and set aside.nFor the steak: In the same skillet, heat the oil over high heat. Add the steak and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Cook, stirring constantly, until the steak is cooked through to desired doneness, 2 to 3 minutes.nFor the panini: Spoon 2 tablespoons of marinara sauce onto the bottom of each roll. Add the arugula and top with the cooked vegetables. Arrange the steak on the vegetables and place a slice of cheese on top. Place the tops on the rolls and cook in a panini maker until the cheese has melted, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 1 small red bell pepper, cored, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, One 1pound boneless rib eye steak, cut into 14inchthickslices, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup jarred tomatobasil sauce, such as Giada DeLaurentiis for Target, 4 kaiser rolls, halved, 1 13 cups arugula, 4 slices sharp provolone], title: Rib Eye Steak Panini, picturelink: q3e89yTuSkctVTC81VPs2kChMSYE.GW}, 44288: {instructions: Special equipment: A 20gallon crawfish pot with basket and lid, or equivalent pot used for frying turkeys A lifting hook to lower the basket into the cooking pot Propane burner Heavy duty rubber kitchen gloves to protect against burns and spices Heavy duty apron 2 large ice chests with drain plugnLeaving the crawfish in the broth for a longer time results in more spiciness. Sprinkling additional spice mixture on the crawfish after draining also will increase the spiciness.nCrawfish Crab and Shrimp Boil: There are many manufacturers to choose from. This is a spice blend of salt, cayenne pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, lemon juice, and additional spices. Typically a bag of spice mix costs about 5.00. The brand used for the show was Lousiana Fish Fry Products Crawfish Crab and Shrimp Boil.nInstructions:nPlace the cooking pot with its basket on the propane burner and fill with 11 gallons of water, about halfway. This should be about the right amount of water to protect against spillage when the potatoes or crawfish are added later. Add the 2 sticks of butter and 23 of the bag of Crawfish Crab and Shrimp Boil, and the 5 pounds of red potatoes. Cover and bring to a boil. Cook potatoes for 15 minutes and, while the potatoes are cooking, rinse the crawfish.nPlace the bag of crawfish in 1 of the coolers, or, on the ground and hose down the bag until the water runs clear, about 5 minutes. Open the bag and pour the live crawfish into 1 of the coolers. With the drain of the cooler open, continue to rinse the crawfish for 5 minutes or until the water runs clear.nAfter the potatoes have cooked for 15 minutes, add the corn and continue cooking the corn and the potatoes for 15 minutes more. Remove a potato and test for doneness, continuing to cook, if needed. Remove the basket and dump the corn and potatoes into 1 of the coolers. Close the cooler in order to keep the corn and potatoes warm.nPour the crawfish into the cooking basket and lower the basket into the pot. Bring to a boil and cook the crawfish for 15 minutes. Turn the heat off and allow the crawfish to simmer in the liquid for an additional 15 minutes.nRemove the crawfish and serve with the potatoes and corn. Traditionally, the crawfish is dumped onto a newspaper covered table we used a door on 2 sawhorses. Additional spice mix can be sprinkled on the crawfish, if desired.nVariation: Some cooks add 1 to 2 pounds of sweet onions, peeled and cut in wedges, andor the juice from 1 dozen lemons to the cooking liquid.nVariation: With proper ventilation, several pounds of shrimp could be cooked with approximately 12 to 1 cup of the spice mixture indoors. However, without proper ventilation the spice mixture fumes will overwhelm the typical house., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 4.5 pound bag Crawfish Crab and Shrimp Boil, 5 pounds of 1 red potatoes, cleaned but not peeled, 40 to 45 pounds live crawfish, cleaned, 24 ears of corn, shucked and cut into halves], title: Crawfish Boil Recipe for 40 to 45 Pounds of Crawfish, picturelink: 1k.ywifka5nr8c0C08S0zkdOzBnTTvu}, 44289: {instructions: Heat a dry small skillet over moderately high heat until it is hot and in it toast the spices in batches if necessary, stirring frequently and covering the skillet when the mustard seeds begin to pop, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until they are several shades darker and fragrant, being careful not to let them burn. In a mortar with a pestle or in an electric coffee grinder grind the toasted spices to a powder and transfer the powder to a jar with a tightfitting lid. The garam masala keeps, covered and chilled, for 1 month, ingredients: [2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cuminseed, Seeds from 10 cardamom pods, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons fenugreek, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 1 heaping teaspoon whole cloves, 3inch cinnamon stick, broken in half], title: Garam Masala North Indian Dried Spice Mixture, picturelink: null}, 44290: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut sugar and water in a 5 quart heavy pot over mediumhigh heat and stir until all of the sugar dissolves. Scrape the vanilla seeds from the pod and add it to the pot along with the vanilla bean and rosemary. Slowly simmer for an additional 5 minutes at very low heat.nMeanwhile, in a piece of cheesecloth place the cinnamon, cardamom and cloves in the center. Pull the four ends together and tie kitchen string around it to make a small pouch. Make sure to leave enough string to tie around the outside handle on the pot for easy removal. Add the spice pouch, wine, brandy and cut fruit. Let it simmer on low for about 1 hour. Never let it boil. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 14 cups sugar, 1 12 cups water, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 1 5inch sprig rosemary, 2 cinnamon sticks, 5 cardamom pods, 5 cloves, 1 750ml bottle dry red wine, 1 cup brandy, 1 small orange, thinly sliced, 1 lemon, thinly sliced], title: Mulled Wine, picturelink: yNkfAMyIxg1Nh1PcxzMOq3tpcefwHbu}, 44291: {instructions: Combine all ingredients for the marinade in a bowl and mix well. Place steak in a plastic storage bag, add the marinade, remove as much air as possible and refrigerate overnight. Preheat grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Remove steak from marinade bag and remove as much of the marinade as possible. Reserve 12 cup marinade for barbeque sauce. Season the steak with kosher salt and pepper. Brush grill pan lightly with canola oil, grill steak for 2 12 minutes, rotate on same side 45 degrees to create grill marks and grill for another 2 12 minutes. Flip steak and cook for an additional 5 minutes on the other side, rotating 45 degrees after 2 12 minutes. Remove from grill pan and allow the steak to rest for 10 minutes under a foil tent. Slice steak against the grain as thinly as possible. To serve, toss salad and optional red onion, tomato and avocado with vinaigrette of your choice and arrange on a serving platter. Place a heap of fennel slaw in the center of salad, then place sliced meat around the sides I fold the sliced meat in a slight V shape to show as much of the caramelization of the outside of the meat. Drizzle meat with barbeque sauce and mango puree carefully ensuring that the sauce gets onto the salad greens and slaw use more barbeque sauce than mango puree.nPuree mangos in a blender. Add rice wine vinegar and chili garlic paste and blend until all ingredients are incorporated the color should be a bright orangered. Bring marinade to a boil. Lower heat to mediumlow and reduce to about half about 10 minutes over mediumlow heat. The sauce can be strained at this point to remove the bits of garlic and ginger the flavor is slightly less intense but it makes for a nicer presentation. Add about half of the mango puree approximately 23 cup and cook for another 2 minutes. Set aside. Save the other half of the mango puree for garnish.nPlace lemon juice in a bowl and whisk in olive oil to create an emulsion. Add honey, zest, salt and pepper and whisk until combined set aside. Slice fennel very thinly with a mandolin. Combine fennel and dressing and set aside until ready to serve. Reseason with salt and pepper, to taste, and sprinkle with black sesame, ingredients: [1 tablespoon chili garlic paste recommended: Sambal, 1 tablespoon lemon zest preferably organic, 2 tablespoons finely minced ginger, 2 tablespoons finely minced garlic, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 13 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup ponzu citrus seasoned soy sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound flank steak, 1 teaspoon canola oil, Ginger Mango Barbeque Sauce, recipe follows, Fennel Slaw, recipe follows, Radicchio, romaine, frisee or mixed baby greens, for serving, Your favorite vinaigrette, for salad, Sliced red onion, tomato and avocado, for serving, optional, 2 ripe mangoes, peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon seasoned rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chili garlic paste recommended: Sambal, 12 cup marinade reserved from flank steak, 1 lemon, juiced about 2 tablespoons, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon lemon zest preferably organic, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 2 large fennel bulbs, Black sesame seeds, for garnish], title: GingerMango Flank Steak with Fennel Slaw, picturelink: null}, 44292: {instructions: Toss the chicken with about half the garlic and ginger, the soy sauce, sugar, 1 teaspoon of the cornstarch, 1 teaspoon of the salt, the sherry, and the sesame oil in a bowl. Marinate at room temperature for 15 minutes. Mix the remaining cornstarch with the 13 cup broth or water.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the oil and heat. Add the broccoli stems, and stirfry for 1 minute. Add the florets and the remaining garlic, ginger, 2 tablespoons of water, and season with 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper, to taste. Stirfry until the broccoli is bright green but still crisp, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nGet the skillet good and hot again, and then heat 2 more tablespoons oil. Add the chicken and stirfry until the chicken loses its raw color and gets a little brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Return the broccoli to the pan and toss to heat through. Stir in the reserved cornstarch mixture and bring to a boil to thicken. Add more water if need to thin the sauce, if necessary. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if you like. Mound the stirfry on a serving platter or divide among 4 plates serve with rice.nServing suggestion: rice., ingredients: [1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast about 2 breasts, sliced against the grain, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1inch piece peeled fresh ginger, minced, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil, About 13 cup chicken broth or water, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 5 cups broccoli, trimmed sliced stalks about 14inch thick and medium florets keep the 2 cuts separate], title: Chicken and Broccoli Stirfry, picturelink: null}, 44293: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel the potatoes and grate them on a box grater. Wrap the grated potatoes in a kitchen towel and squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Combine the potatoes in a bowl with the egg, flour, salt and pepper. Mix well.nMelt the clarified butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Place a tablespoon of the potato mixture into the sizzling butter and cook for 2 minutes. Turn the pancakes over and cook for another 2 minutes, or until crisp on the outside and golden brown. Serve the pancakes hot from the skillet., ingredients: [2 large baking potatoes, 1 extralarge egg, whisked, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons clarified butter], title: Potato Latkes, picturelink: KAyhnVVdiUeQpFuq7JYN7brPmAWeQO}, 44294: {instructions: Add the flour and 4 tablespoons of the cold butter to a pot over medium heat stir and combine. Slowly whisk in the cream and bring to a simmer. Add the chopped meat, pepper and coriander and continue to whisk and simmer until it thickens. Turn off the heat.nMeanwhile, combine the oil and the remaining 4 tablespoons cold butter in a large pan over medium heat add the potatoes. Fry, flipping occasionally, until golden brown in color. Drain the excess oil and set aside.nHeat a griddle over mediumhigh heat. Butter each side of the bread slices with the softened butter and place on the griddle until golden brown. Flip and layer on the Muenster cheese, meat gravy and potatoes. Sandwich together and fry until golden brown and the cheese is melted. Cut in half and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cold, plus 12 cup 1 stick, at room temperature, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup heavy cream, 10 ounces dried beef or salami, chopped into 1inch cubes, 2 tablespoons coarse black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 large Yukon gold potatoes, sliced, 16 slices Texasstyle sliced bread, 16 slices Muenster cheese], title: SOS Grilled Cheese, picturelink: null}, 44295: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the tops and a very thin piece off the bottom of the tomatoes and stand them up close together on a small sheet pan or pie tin. Sprinkle liberally with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Carefully pile high the Parmesan cheese on top of each tomato. Bake for about 12 minutes, or until cheese starts to turn golden brown. Remove from oven and serve as a vegetable and a garnish.nHint: Cook the tomato fromage in the oven with your entree for the last 10 to 12 minutes of cooking so that they are done together., ingredients: [4 Roma tomatoes, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Garlic powder, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Tomato Fromage, picturelink: ncZGezzkKRNaTnNs4mV9ZuzuW2kBey}, 44296: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the asparagus on a baking sheet in 4 bunches of 4 or 5. Place 2 pieces of bacon over each bunch, forming an X. Bake for about 15 minutes, or until the asparagus is partially cooked. Remove from the oven, leaving the oven on.nLightly toast the bread in the oven. In a small bowl, combine the oil and garlic and brush on the bread. Transfer each bundle of asparagus and bacon to a slice of bread and top with a slice of cheese. Place on the baking sheet and bake for an additional 3 to 5 minutes, or until the cheese is melted.nTo serve, spoon 14 of the vinaigrette on each of 4 plates. Place a warm toast on each pool vinaigrette.nTo make the vinaigrette: In a medium bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper. Stir in the chives, olives, shallots, and bell pepper set aside., ingredients: [12 ounces thin or medium asparagus, trimmed, 4 slices bacon, halved crosswise, 4 34inchthick slices thickcrusted country bread, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 slices mozzarella or Monterey Jack, 13 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup minced fresh chives, 14 cup pitted kalamata or black olives, chopped, 3 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, roasted, peeled, and cut into thin strips], title: Warm Asparagus and Bacon Toast with Red PepperShallot Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 44297: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the bacon over medium heat until sizzling. Add the corn and season with salt and pepper. Cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 slices bacon, cut into lardons, Scraped kernels from 6 ears fresh sweet corn about 3 cups, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamed Corn with Bacon, picturelink: fcPeNFeaFyqQnJvxZZXcsGuMX9PF4O}, 44298: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut pudding packet contents into a glass bowl. Whisk in the milk. To get milk very cold, put it in the freezer for 15 minutes.nIn a clean bowl, using an electric beater or a whisk, beat together the cream with confectioners sugar until soft peaks form.nLine each serving glass with a single layer of vanilla wafers and top with about 3 tablespoons of pudding mix, whipped cream, then a few slices of banana. Repeat creating 3 layers and finishing with a pudding layer. Allow to sit in refrigerator for at least 1 hour and up to overnight to set and soften the cookies.nTop each dessert with a generous dollop of whipped cream. Garnish with pumpkin pie spice, a vanilla wafer and slice of banana., ingredients: [1 box instant vanilla pudding, 2 cups very cold milk, 1 cup very cold heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 cups about 13 box vanilla wafers, 2 bananas, sliced, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, for garnish], title: Banana Pudding, picturelink: bkzJraMyYw1CX12lMNGPWpc8E2Rigy}, 44299: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFollow package instructions for unrolling pie crusts. Press the dough into a 9inch tart pan, cut off any overhang. Prick bottom and side of crust with a fork. Bake on baking sheet in preheated oven for 15 minutes, or until golden.nWhile pie crust is baking, whisk together pudding mix, egg yolks, sugar, lemonade and lemon zest until pudding mix is dissolved. Pour into a medium saucepan and bring to full boil over medium heat, stirring constantly about 10 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.nPour the filling into cooled tart shell topping. Let cool completely in refrigerator until set.nServe with fresh berries and whipped topping., ingredients: [1 15ounce box unroll and bake pie crusts recommended: Pillsbury, 1 4.3ounce box lemon pudding mix recommended: JellO cook and serve, 4 egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 3 cups lemonade, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, finely grated, Fresh berries and whipped topping, for serving], title: Triple Lemon Pie, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 44300: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: In a blender, blend together the oil, pear nectar, balsamic vinegar, lemon juice, mustard, diced pear, cheese, salt and pepper until smooth.nFor the salad: Place the lettuce wedges on 4 salad plates. Arrange the avocado, pear slices, hazelnuts and cranberries around the lettuce. Drizzle with the dressing and serve., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons pear nectar, 1 12 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 12 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Half a 6ounce ripe red Bartlett pear, peeled, cored and diced, 12 cup coarsely crumbled gorgonzola cheese, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 1 head butter lettuce, cut into 4 wedges, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and diced, 12 a large ripe red Bartlett pear, quartered lengthwise, cored and thinly sliced, 13 cup hazelnuts preferably skinned, toasted and roughly chopped, 13 cup sweetened dried cranberries], title: Butter Lettuce Salad with Gorgonzola and Pear Dressing, picturelink: uJtmN9zMmtZQ4b983T2vPhv7TbDMl9K}, 44301: {instructions: Slice chayotes in half. Boil in salted water for about 30 minutes. Scoop out seeds and discard. Scoop out flesh and mix with all other ingredients except cheese. Saute with olive oil. Stuff Sauteed vegetables in squash halves, then bake in 325 degree F oven for about 20 minutes. Sprinkle with cheese and serve., ingredients: [2 Chayote squashes, 4 ounces chopped grilled vegetables with tofu, 2 ounces each red, green, and yellow pepper, chopped, 3 ounces onion, chopped, 1 ounce olive oil, 4 ounces grated cheese], title: Stuffed Chayote Squash, picturelink: null}, 44302: {instructions: Special equipment: three 6inch round cake pansnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and lightly flour three 6inch round cake pans.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, espresso powder and salt in a mixer bowl until well combined. Add the milk, oil, eggs and vanilla to the flour mixture and beat on medium speed until well combined. Reduce the speed to the lowest setting and carefully add 1 cup boiling water. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and continue to beat, about 1 minute see Cooks Note.nDivide the batter among the prepared cake pans and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool in the pans on a rack for 10 minutes, then turn out onto racks to cool completely.nFor the dulce de leche filling: Whisk together the dulce de leche and heavy cream until well combined and smooth.nFor the chocolate fudge filling: Combine the condensed milk, evaporated milk, cocoa powder and vanilla in a saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thickened, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and place in the refrigerator to cool and thicken.nFor the chile pepper Swiss meringue buttercream: Meanwhile, place the egg whites, salt and 1 cup of the sugar in a heatproof mixer bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Whisk gently and constantly until the sugar is dissolved and the egg whites are hot, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat. Beat with a mixer fitted with the whisk attachment at mediumhigh speed until thick and cool, about 5 minutes. Beat in the butter until the buttercream comes together.nBoil the chile peppers and remaining 34 cup sugar together for 10 minutes. Let the peppers cool slightly, then peel and remove the seeds. Pulse the peppers in a food processor until smooth, then press through a strainer to remove any chunks. Mix about 8 tablespoons of the pepper puree into the buttercream, or more to taste.nTo assemble: Level off the tops of the cake layers with a serrated knife. Place one layer on a cake plate and spread with the dulce de leche filling. Top with another cake layer and spread with the chocolate fudge filling. Top with the remaining cake layer and frost the outside with the chile pepper buttercream. Serve immediately or let stand at room temperature for up to 2 hours., ingredients: [Butter, for buttering cake pans, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for dusting cake pans, 2 cups sugar, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon espresso powder, 1 teaspoon salt 1 cup milk, 12 cup canola oil, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, One 13.4ounce can dulce de leche, such as Nestle La Lechera, 2 cups heavy cream, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, One 12ounce can evaporated milk, 3 12 tablespoons cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 egg whites, Pinch salt, 1 34 cups sugar, 3 sticks 1 12 cups unsalted butter, softened, 5 Peruvian yellow chile peppers], title: Chocolate Fudge Cake with Dulce de Leche, Chocolate Fudge Filling and Chile Pepper Swiss Meringue Buttercream, picturelink: 2fYOe4h8kZxbjJwDva3JYhwnNHys3KG}, 44303: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the tomatoes lengthwise into quarters and remove the seeds. Trim the zucchini and cut it in half crosswise and then cut each piece in half lengthwise once if the piece is thin and twice if it is thicker, so that the pieces are relatively uniform.nRemove the outermost layer of the fennel bulb and discard. Cut the bulb in half so that each half retains part of the stem end. Cut each half into 8 thin wedges so each wedge is held together by a little piece of stem.nPut the vegetables into a large baking pan. Toss them with 2 tablespoons oil and 14 teaspoon of salt. Arrange the chicken pieces in the pan with the vegetables.nIn a small bowl combine 1 tablespoon of oil, 12 teaspoon of salt, the garlic, lemon zest and lemon juice. Rub the mixture into the chicken in the pan. Season with a few turns of pepper.nRoast in the oven for 30 minutes, then give the vegetables a stir and add the rosemary. Cook for about 20 to 30 minutes more until the chicken is done and the vegetable are tender and beginning to brown.nYield: 4 servings A serving is one piece of chicken and 1 12 cups of vegetables, ingredients: [6 Roma tomatoes about 1 pound, 3 medium zucchini about 12 pound each, 1 bulb fennel, 3 tablespoons oil, divided, 34 teaspoons salt, divided, 4 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 4 chicken breast halves skinless, bonein about 2 12 pounds, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped rosemary leaves or 1 teaspoon dried], title: Tuscan Roasted Chicken and Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 44304: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Melt the butter in a 10inch cast iron skillet over medium heat, then set aside to cool slightly, 5 minutes.nWhisk the flour, baking soda, cream of tartar and salt together in a medium bowl. Vigorously whisk 1 cup of the granulated sugar, brown sugar and egg together in a large bowl. Whisk in the melted butter. Do not wipe out the skillet.nAdd the flour mixture and continue whisking until the dough comes together. Let the dough and buttered skillet rest, separately, in a cool place for 30 minutes. This allows the dough to firm up and the skillet to cool.nMix together the remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar and the cinnamon in a large bowl. Shape the dough into a large ball and gently roll it in the sugar mixture until evenly coated.nPlace the dough ball in the center of the prepared skillet. Bake until the sides are browned, the center is still soft, and the surface of the cookie cracks, about 35 minutes, rotating once halfway through. Cool on a wire rack at least 15 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve warm or room temperature. Store in a sealed container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon], title: Snickerdoodle Skillet Cookie, picturelink: S12y7S7IlH0yVylILWgxQPEejoHhBHq}, 44305: {instructions: Preheat broiler. On a plate, stir together oregano, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and 1 teaspoon oil. Dip both sides of lamb chops in mixture to coat and put on rack of a broiling pan, seasoning both sides of chops with salt and pepper. In a bowl, stir together olives, tomato, onion, parsley, zest, remaining teaspoon lemon juice, remaining teaspoon oil and salt and pepper to taste. Broil lamb chops 2 inches from heat 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium rare meat. Spoon olive salsa over lamb chops., ingredients: [14 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 12 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon olive oil, two 1 inch thick rib lamb chops about 1 pound total, 14 cup Kalamata or other brine cured black olives, pitted and chopped coarse, 1 small plum tomato, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons diced red onion, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest], title: Lamb Chops with Olive Salsa, picturelink: null}, 44306: {instructions: Sprinkle both sides of the steak with salt.nIn a large skillet, preheated over high heat, panbroil the steaks, until the large ones are almost done to taste, or the small ones are well browned. If using large steaks, you probably will not be able to fit them all in the pan at once. Do a couple at a time, then remove them and set them aside while cooking the rest. The small steaks should fit comfortably in the pan side by side, but if they crowd the pan, do not brown them all at once. When all the steaks have been cooked, pour off any fat in the skillet.nAdd the 2 cups of tomato sauce and dried oregano to the pan, scraping up any brown film or bits in the pan. Return the cubed steaks to the pan if you are using them and they were set aside. Bring to a simmer over high heat. If using cubed steaks, cover the pan and adjust the heat so the tomatoes simmer gently for about 40 minutes, or until the meat is tender.nPlace each steak on dinner plate and top with sauce. If the sauce on the cubed steaks is not thick enough, uncover pan at the end of the cooking time and reduce.nIn a 1 12 to 2quart saucepan, combine the oil and onion and cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the onion is fully tender and golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Or, over mediumlow heat, combine the oil and the garlic. Cook the garlic, pressing it into the oil a couple of times to release its flavor, until it barely begins to color on both sides. Remove the garlic.nWith a food mill, puree the tomatoes directly into the pot and stir well. Add salt and either hot pepper flakes or black pepper to taste. Increase the heat slightly and bring to a brisk simmer. Adjusting the heat as the sauce cooks down, and stirring frequently, simmer briskly for about 12 minutes, until the sauce has thickened and reduced.nSeason with herbs according to the recipe you are preparing. For the most basic sauce, add a few torn basil leaves or a tablespoon of finely cut parsley while the sauce is simmering. Then add a little more at the end of cooking., ingredients: [4 tender steaks of your choice, each 1 portion or 4 to 6 cubes steaks weighing a total of 1 12 to 2 pounds, Salt, 34 teaspoon dried oregano or marjoram, 12 to 34 teaspoon salt, 2 cups Smooth Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion or 12 medium onion, finely chopped about 12 cup or 1 large clove garlic, lightly smashed, One 28ounce can plum tomatoes, drained of the can juices, 12 teaspoon salt, Hot red pepper flakes or freshly ground black pepper to taste, Few leaves of fresh basil or parsley], title: Steak Pizzaiola, picturelink: null}, 44307: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Position rack in center.nRemove all the meat from the lobster and roughly chop, leaving some large pieces. Set asidenMelt 2 tablespoons of butter in a small skillet, saute scallions for 2 to 3 minutes. Add lobster meat and wine, stir quickly to combine over high heat. Drain the mixture, reserving the liquid. Set lobster meat and scallion mixture aside. Melt remaining butter in another skillet. Add flour and cook slowly without coloring or about 5 minutes. Add reserved liquid and cream. Cook, stirring constantly until mixture begins to thicken. Stir lobster meat back into the mixture, add cayenne, and season to taste. Cool mixture completely.nRinse chicken breasts and pat dry. Trim any fat around edges. Place breasts, 1 at a time, between sheets of waxed paper and gently pound with a mallet until about 38inch thick. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nLightly oil a 13 by 9inch baking pan. Place 14 cup stuffing on the center of the underside of each breast. Bring the top and bottom flaps of the chicken up over the stuffing, slightly overlapping the ends, then fold up the sides to enclose the stuffing completely. Lay the packets seam side down in the pan and brush with olive oil.nBake until chicken is lightly browned and feels firm when pressed, 20 to 30 minutes. Slice each roll on the diagonal to serve., ingredients: [1 steamed lobster 1 12 pound, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 scallions, finely chopped, 14 cup white wine, 1 12 tablespoons flour, 14 cup heavy cream, Pinch cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 8 boneless chicken breast halves about 3 pounds with or without skin, Olive oil, for glazing], title: Chicken Stuffed with Lobster Meat, picturelink: null}, 44308: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes and 2 tablespoons salt in a large pot of water. Bring the water to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, until the potatoes are barely tender when pierced with a knife. Drain the potatoes in a colander, then place the colander with the potatoes over the empty pot off the heat and cover with a clean, dry kitchen towel. Leave the potatoes to steam for 15 to 20 minutes, until tender but firm.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together the wine, chicken stock, lemon juice, garlic, mustard, 2 teaspoons salt and 34 teaspoon pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to make an emulsion. Set aside.nWhen the potatoes are cool enough to handle, cut them into quarters or halves, depending on their size. Place the cut potatoes in a large bowl and pour enough dressing over them to moisten. As the salad sits, you may need to add more dressing. Add the onion, tarragon and parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. Toss well, cover, and refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to blend. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 pounds small white boiling potatoes, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons good dry white wine, 2 tablespoons chicken stock, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup good olive oil, 14 cup red onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Herb Potato Salad, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 44309: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. For dry pasta, cook to al dente, for fresh, wait until sugo is ready before you cook the pasta as it only takes 2 to 3 minutes. Salt the boiling water liberally before cooking either form of pasta.nHeat the stock and saffron over medium heat in a sauce pot and reduce by about half, about 15 minutes.nWhile the stock infuses and water comes to boil, heat a large deep skillet with extravirgin olive oil, a couple turns of the pan, over medium heat. Add the fennel seeds and toast for 1 minute. Add the meat, raise the heat to mediumhigh and season the meat with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the sage, red pepper flakes and paprika. When the meat is brown, add the garlic and the onions and cook together a few minutes more to soften the onions. Add tomatoes and crush, then bring the sauce to a bubble, reduce the heat and simmer until the sauce thickens, about 15 minutes. Stir in a few leaves of torn basil.nWhen the pasta of choice is ready, add the infused stock to the sauce. Toss in the drained pasta and serve in shallow bowls with crusty bread and lots of pecorino cheese., ingredients: [1 pound dry gnochetti or cavatelli pasta or 1 pound fresh, Salt, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, 3 pinches, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 pound coarsely ground pork, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground sage, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons smoked sweet paprika, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 28ounce can tomatoes recommended: San Marzano, A few leaves basil, torn, Grated pecorino, for passing at table], title: Sardinian Sugo, picturelink: null}, 44310: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a pint glass, muddle 5 raspberries. Add the chocolate and hazelnut liqueurs and muddle again. Add stout beer and pour into a champagne flute. Pour champagne or sparkling wine over the back of a spoon into the glass to top off the drink. Garnish rim with fresh raspberry., ingredients: [5 raspberries, fresh or frozen, 12 oz. chocolate liqueur, 12 oz. hazelnut liqueur, 3 oz. Guinness or stout beer, 23 oz. champagne or sparkling wine, Raspberry for garnish], title: Chocolate Raspberry Fizz, picturelink: ZObze8RCKcKSXIrhc8PM8MnCZF4YMzm}, 44311: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except the chicken and lime juice in a food processor and puree until pretty smooth. Place the chicken and lime juice in a mixing bowl and pour about half of the jerk sauce over it, tossing the chicken around to coat it well. Place in a container and pour the remaining sauce on top of chicken. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the chicken pieces from the jerk marinade and place them, skin side up, on a rimmed baking sheet or dish. Bake in the oven for 45 to 55 minutes until cooked through and the juices run clear when pierced with a fork., ingredients: [2 teaspoons ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups chopped onions, 5 cloves garlic, 2 habanero peppers, 1 5pound chicken, skin on, cut into 10 pieces, 1 cup lime juice], title: Jerk Chicken, picturelink: W7hmImWrhHd.b7dUwm.CKK8igV3jNNa}, 44312: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the fresh and dried cranberries in a large bowl. Add 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons water and the vanilla and toss to coat. Lightly smash with a potato masher or fork to burst some of the cranberries. Add the pears, cinnamon, allspice and 2 tablespoons flour and toss to coat. Transfer to a 3quart baking dish.nMake the topping: Mix the remaining 1 cup flour, the pecans, oats, the remaining 12 cup sugar and the salt in a medium bowl, then stir in the melted butter. Use your fingers to pinch the topping into small clumps and sprinkle it over the fruit.nBake until the fruit is bubbling and the topping is golden brown, about 40 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 pound cranberries thawed if frozen, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 firm pears such as Bosc, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of ground allspice, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup pecans, chopped, 14 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted], title: CranberryPear Crisp, picturelink: wk6clXK.QsKYKvpsZvMJzhCkTLOX6}, 44313: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook, breaking up the clumps, until dry and crisp, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the chorizo to a paper lined plate to absorb any additional oil. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the pan and heat the pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and boiled potatoes and saute until brown, about 12 minutes. Stir in the cooked chorizo and season with just a little salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 10 ounces Mexican pork chorizo, casings removed see Cooks Note, 1 small onion, diced, 1 pound red skinned new potatoes, cut into small 14inch dice, and boiled, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Potatoes with Chorizo, picturelink: sYQp8AmjhFwaWHFJgmaPeDC.bZ4galO}, 44314: {instructions: For the glaze: In a small sauce pot add all ingredients except cornstarch and water. On mediumlow heat, simmer and reduce mixture by 13. In small sauce bowl, whisk together the cornstarch and water. Then whisk this into the hot mixture. Turn heat to low and simmer until reduced by half.nFor the prawns: In medium saute pan add butter and oil. When butter is melted add onions and peppers. Cook until translucent but not to achieve color. Add apples and prawns, and cook until prawns turn pink. Toss with paprika and glaze.nGarnish with fresh mint., ingredients: [34 cup red wine, 14 cup apple juice, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup sherry, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 3 tablespoons cold water, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 cup diced red onion, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 apple, cored, diced, 1 pound shrimp 21 to 25 count, cleaned and deveined, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon paprika, Sprigs fresh mint], title: Sangria Glazed Prawns, picturelink: tI4Z9NxPZ257RMAUXRZe3Co2IyVvjK2}, 44315: {instructions: Crispy Pan Seared Florida Snapper: With a sharp knife make small slices in the skin of the fish, making a crosshatching pattern. Pat completely dry with paper towels. Keep refrigerated until time to cook. Preheat a large saute pan on mediumhigh heat. Lightly dust the skin side of the fish with cornstarch and season lightly with sea salt and fresh ground pepper. Add enough oil to the hot pan to coat the bottom. Carefully lay the fish in the pan skin side down. Cook for several minutes, on both sides until skin is crispy and fish is just done. Cooking time will vary. Keep fish skin side up and transfer to a platter.nFlorida Passion Fruit Cream: Place passion fruit, mirin and ginger in heavy medium sized saucepan. Boil until reduced to about 14 cup, about 6 minutes. Add wine and boil until reduced to about 14 cup, about 6 minutes. Add cream and coconut milk, bring to boil, then reduce heat to medium. Simmer sauce until slightly thickened, stirring occasionally, about 12 minutes. Stir in curry paste. Season sauce, to taste, with sea salt and fresh ground pepper. Strain through a fine mesh sieve or strainer lined with cheesecloth.nFlorida Citrus and Shaved Fennel Salad: Whisk together vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking, until emulsified. Cut peel, including all white pith, from oranges and grapefruit with a paring knife. Working over a bowl, cut into segments. Squeeze juice from membranes into a small bowl, then whisk 3 tablespoons juice into vinaigrette. Drain citrus segments, then add to vinaigrette. Quarter fennel bulbs lengthwise, then cut into paperthin slices, about 116inch thick, with a slicer or mandolin. Add to fruit along with fennel and toss gently to combine.nSauteed Florida Gulf Shrimp: Preheat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Peel and devein shrimp, leaving tails intact. Pat dry with a paper towel. Add oil to hot pan, and carefully add shrimp and season with salt and pepper. Saute until pink and just done. Place cooked shrimp on plate and serve with Florida Green Mango Jam.nFlorida Spicy Green Mango Jam: Peel mangoes and cut into 12inch cubes. In a small bowl, toss mangoes with vinegar, sugar, and salt. To make seasoning paste: cut gingerroot into 4 pieces. For a milder chutney, while wearing rubber gloves, remove seeds and veins from jalapeno. Add to a food processor with motor running gingerroot, jalapeno, garlic, cumin, coriander, and turmeric, 1 at a time, and puree to a paste. Heat a 4quart heavy pot over moderately low heat until hot. Cook seasoning paste, cinnamon stick, and star anise in oil, stirring frequently, for 10 minutes, or until very fragrant. Stir in mango mixture and simmer, covered, over low heat, stirring occasionally, until mangoes are tender, about 30 minutes. Remove cinnamon stick and star anise and cool chutney completely, ingredients: [6 5ounce fresh Florida snapper fillets, skin on, 12 cup cornstarch, Sea salt and fresh ground black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 2 Florida passion fruits, ripened, scooped out with a spoon, 12 cup mirin, 1 tablespoon chopped peeled fresh ginger, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 cups whipping cream, 34 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 12 teaspoon Thai red curry paste, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon grain mustard, 2 bulbs fennel, with stalks removed, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup virgin olive oil, 3 Florida oranges, 2 Florida grapefruits, 2 pounds fresh Florida gulf shrimp, 14 cup canola oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Green Mango Jam, recipe follows, 3 Green Florida mangoes, unripe, 12 cup white vinegar, 13 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1inch piece fresh gingerroot, peeled, 1 fresh jalapeno chili, 5 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 3inch piece cinnamon stick, 2 star anise, 2 tablespoons corn oil], title: Crispy Pan Seared Florida Snapper with Passion Fruit Cream and Florida Citrus and Shaved Fennel Salad, Garnished with Sauteed Florida Gulf Shrimp and Spicy Green Mango Jam, picturelink: QxIjImwjoXYwIG241N0h5ION.lViwS2}, 44316: {instructions: Add the ears of corn to a large saucepan and bring 8 cups water to a boil or enough to cover ears of corn. Add the sugar and salt and boil until tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove corn to a utility platter and let cool.nWhile the corn is boiling, add the cream to a saucepan and let reduce by 13 over low heat.nWhile cream is reducing, cut kernels from the cobs and set aside until needed.nRemove reduced cream from heat and whisk in butter and Parmesan, and season, to taste, with white pepper. Add salt only if needed because the cheese will lend saltiness. Fold in corn kernels and transfer to a family style serving dish., ingredients: [6 ears fresh corn, husked and silk removed, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into chunks, 14 cup grated Parmesan, White pepper], title: Creamed Corn, picturelink: r9WSr.NOgwO2Y9CbKtFij5fT.3nHcC}, 44317: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: an instantread or candy thermometernPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet with cooking spray.nMicrowave the potatoes until tender, about 10 minutes depending on your microwave. Slice in half, spoon out the innards of the potatoes and mash slightly. Measure out 1 cup of the potatoes and reserve.nWarm the milk in a small saucepan to 90 degrees F. Activate the yeast by sprinkling it over the warm milk. Let stand for 5 minutes.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the coconut oil, sugar, salt, egg and reserved 1 cup mashed potatoes and beat until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the yeast mixture to the potato mixture. Add the flour in 2 parts and mix until the dough starts to pull from the sides and looks elastic, 2 to 4 minutes.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead gently until smooth and supple, about 1 minute. Divide the dough into 16 portions about 2 ounces each and roll each portion into a ball on your work surface to create a roll. Place on the prepared baking sheet. Allow the rolls to rest until doubled in size, about 15 minutes.nBrush generously with melted butter and sprinkle with the sea salt. Bake until the tops are golden brown, 13 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the baking sheet, 2 medium potatoes, pierced with a fork, 1 cup milk, 1 12 tablespoons active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, melted, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons fine salt, 1 large egg, beaten, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Buttery Baked Potato Rolls, picturelink: Urcqk7FEMhLfKLFmpi4N445.xcfxN1q}, 44318: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 9inch springform pan with nostick cooking spray. Combine brownie mix, oil, 12 cup jam and egg in large bowl. Stir 50 strokes. Spread in prepared pan.n2. BAKE 40 to 45 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely. Remove sides of pan.n3. SPREAD whipped topping to within 12inch of outer edge. Place 2 tablespoons jam and hot fudge topping into corner of two separate resealable plastic bags. Knead until smooth. Cut small tip off corner. Drizzle over whipped topping, first with hot fudge and then with jam. Chill 30 minutes. Cut into wedges to serve., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 12.35 oz. package Pillsburyu00ae Sugar Free Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix, 3 tablespoons Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Sugar Free Seedless Blackberry Jam, plus 2 tablespoons for garnish, 1 large egg, 34 cup sugar free frozen whipped topping, thawed, 2 tablespoons Smuckersu00ae Sugar Free Hot Fudge Topping, for garnish], title: Blackberry Brownie Torte, picturelink: zkmPTz9TR38OvdiTwpmHUlZSTbQQi6}, 44319: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn Cuba it was just called el sandwich it was here in USA that we gave it a countrynThe plancha has to be set to 350 FnSlice the bread in half lengthwise, spread the mayo on the bottom bread then place the roast pork then the baked sweet ham then the pickle then the cheese. this way the cheese will melt down and blend with the hams.nNext put the sandwich on la plancha and spread a little melted butter on top of the bread and press down the top part of the plancha. in about 3 minutes raise the top part of the plancha spin your sandwich to the other side and repeat the butter process againnYour bread should be toasted and the cheese melted. this should be done in about 10to 15 minutes depending on the planchanAny good ham dish starts with the night before. marinating gives all foods that extra punch of flavour. We accomplish this with sour oranges limes alot of minced garlic, ground cumin dried oregano. This mixture gets spread all over the fresh ham and massage into the meat .Put it the fridge covered with plastic wrap. the next day when u are ready Preheat the oven to 350f place the pork in a roasting pan cover fresh ham in salt skin up, this will keep the ham from drying out, cook for about 4 to 5 hours or until your ham reaches an internal temp of 180f. Remember to take off the salt that by now has become hard. Skin should be toasted and crispy.nAllow the meat to rest and carve when you cant wait any longer, ingredients: [1 loaf 12inch Cuban bread, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, or to taste, 2 slices kosher dill pickle, very thinly sliced lengthwise, 3 to 4 slices Swiss cheese, 4 slices roast pork, 4 slices Virginia baked ham, Melted butter], title: The Sandwich Cubano, picturelink: NHdmQgHzTT789Jf30R3nHZcoZz.KBK}, 44320: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F for 20 minutes. Season the squabs inside and out with the salt and pepper. Place the juniper berries into the cavities and brush the squabs with olive oil. Place breastside down in a roasting pan and roast in the hot oven 20 minutes for rare.nMeanwhile, in a heavybottomed saucepan, over low heat, cook the cubed bacon until fully browned. Remove the bacon bits, leaving the bacon fat in the saucepan. Add the diced onion to the bacon fat and slowly saute until translucent.nWhile the onion is cooking, cut the corn from the cob, and set the kernels aside. Cut or break the cobs to a size that will fit the saucepan, and add them to the cooking onions. The cobs will contribute a wonderful flavor to the finished sauce.nAdd the chili paste to the onioncorn cob mixture and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Add the maple syrup, vinegar, and red wine, and reduce by half. Add the remaining ingredients, except the reserved corn kernels. Cook another 15 minutes, then remove the corn cobs and add the kernels. Cook 2 minutes longer, then remove from the heat and pour over the roasted squabs to serve., ingredients: [4 squabs, 1216 ounces each, dressed, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons crushed juniper berries, 14 cup pure olive oil, 4 ounces slab bacon cut into 12inch cubes, 1 onion, peeled and diced about 12 cup, 3 ears fresh corn, 3 tablespoons Chili Paste, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 large ripe tomato, seeded and diced, 1 cup Chicken Stock], title: Roasted Squab with Corn and Chili Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44321: {instructions: For the creme anglaise: Mix the sugar and egg yolks together in a bowl.nPlace the vanilla pod and seeds in a pan with the milk and pepper and bring to a boil. Remove the pod you can rinse and dry it and use it for vanilla sugar. Then pour a little of the hot milk onto the egg yolk mixture, whisking continuously. Gradually whisk in the rest of the milk, and then pour the mix into a clean pan, set over a gentle heat and whisk constantly. Do not let the custard simmer at any point or it will split. After 5 minutes it will begin to thicken slightly and become the consistency of single cream it will thicken more when it cools down. Transfer to a bowl and chill in the fridge for at least 4 hours.nFor the praline: Line a baking tray with baking paper.nPut the sugar and 1 fluid ounce25 milliliters water into a large pan heat gently until the sugar dissolves, and then increase the heat to high. When the mixture starts to bubble, add the almonds and continue to cook for 5 minutes, stirring continuously to prevent the almonds sticking to the bottom of the pan and burning. Once the sugar and nuts have become a dark goldenbrown caramel colour, pour onto the prepared tray and spread as thinly as possible with a palette knife be quick as it sets fast. Set aside to cool.nFor the meringue islands: Put half the egg whites into a clean glass or metal bowl. Add the sugar, lemon juice and salt and whisk until snow white. Add the rest of the egg whites and continue whisking until the meringue forms stiff peaks when the whisk is removed.nGently drop 6 spoonfuls of meringue into a large pot of simmering water and simmer until they are slightly puffed up and just set, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and place onto a sheet of baking paper until needed.nTo assemble, pour a ladleful of creme anglaise into each of 6 glasses and gently place a meringue in the centre. Snap the praline into small pieces and sprinkle on top., ingredients: [3 ounces80 grams sugar, 4 freerange egg yolks, 1 vanilla pod, seeds scraped out, 18 fluid ounces500 milliliters milk, 12 teaspoon ground long pepper or freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces75 grams sugar, 2 ounces50 grams slivered almonds, 2 freerange egg whites 2 14 ounces60 grams, 1 34 ounces45 grams icing sugar confectioners, sifted if lumpy, Couple of drops of lemon juice, Pinch of salt], title: Iles Flottantes, picturelink: null}, 44322: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment.nLay out 6 horizontal strips of bacon on the prepared baking sheet. To make a lattice, fold every other strip of bacon in half onto itself and lay one strip of bacon in the middle, vertical to the folded strips. Unfold the strips back over the vertical strip of bacon. Repeat this process using alternating vertical strips to weave into a lattice. The bacon lattice should have an equal number of horizontal and vertical strips. Bake until nearly cooked but still very pliable, about 15 minutes. Slide the bacon lattice onto a paper towellined plate and allow it to cool, 10 minutes.nRaise the oven temperature to 450 degrees F.nCrack the eggs into a bowl and beat them with a fork. Heat the butter in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the eggs and scramble until cooked to desired doneness.nSpoon the eggs into the middle of the bacon weave and top with the Cheddar and salsa. Roll the bacon into a burrito, using a toothpick if needed to hold the burrito together.nPut the burrito on the baking sheet and return it to the oven to melt the cheese and fully crisp the bacon, about 10 minutes.nServe with guacamole and sour cream on the side., ingredients: [1 pound bacon, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 14 cup shredded Cheddar, 2 tablespoons salsa, 2 tablespoons guacamole, 2 tablespoons sour cream], title: BaconWeave Breakfast Burrito, picturelink: null}, 44323: {instructions: For the aioli:nPlace the garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, egg yolks, lemon juice and zest in a food processor or blender and process until smooth. Slowly add the oil, drop by drop at first, until thickened. Season with salt and white pepper, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the paella:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the tomatoes in a small baking dish and drizzle with the honey, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, and salt and pepper, and roast until soft. Set aside.nBring the chicken stock to a simmer in a medium saucepan and add a large pinch of saffron. Put about 12 cup of the stock in another saucepan, add the clams, and bring to a simmer. Cover and cook just until the clams open remove the clams from the liquid and set aside, reserving the liquid.nHeat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in a very large skillet or paella pan over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken pieces with salt and pepper and add to the heated pan. Cook until browned on all sides. Remove the chicken pieces to a plate. Add the chorizo, onion and garlic and saute until chorizo has browned and the onions are translucent.nAdd the rice, about 7 12 cups of the chicken stock, the reserved clam liquid, and any juices from the chicken and bring to a simmer. Nestle the chicken in the rice and let cook, uncovered, until the rice is quite al dente, about 15 minutes. Adjust the heat as necessary to maintain a gentle simmerthe rice on the bottom of the pan should form a dark brown crispy crust by the end of the cooking time. If the stock is disappearing too quickly, just add a bit more of the remaining 2 cups.nAdd the mussels, shrimp, octopus, squid, andor cuttlefish, and peas. Cook until the shrimp are pink and the mussels open. Add the lobster, clams and roasted tomatoes and heat briefly. At this point, you should still be able to see liquid bubbling gently it will settle when you turn off the heat. Fold in the parsley and lemon aioli and mix until combined, season with salt and pepper, to taste.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs. Due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 2 egg yolks, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 34 cup olive oil, Freshly ground white pepper, 4 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cup olive oil, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 cups chicken stock, divided, Large pinch saffron, 12 littleneck clams, scrubbed, 1 2 12pound whole chicken, cut in 8 pieces or 4 legs and 4 thighs dark meat, 12 pound chorizo, cut into 12inch thick slices, 14 large onion, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 cups Arborio paella rice, 12 mussels, debearded and scrubbed, 8 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, with tail on, 8 baby octopus, 4 baby squid, cleaned and sliced into rings, tentacles reserved, andor 8 ounces cuttlefish pieces, 1 cup fresh or frozen peas, 2 cooked lobsters 1 12 pounds each, tails in the shell, split lengthwise, claw meat in the shell or out, as desired, Freshly chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, for garnish, 12 cup Lemon Aioli], title: Shellfish and Chicken Paella with Saffron Rice Chorizo and Green Peas, picturelink: null}, 44324: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nFor tuna melts:nIn a medium bowl, combine tuna, pesto, red peppers, mayonnaise, and Parmesan. Mix well and season to taste with salt and black pepper. Spoon tuna mixture onto bread slices and place on a foillined baking sheet. Top the tuna with cheese. Broil 2 minutes, until cheese melts.nFor the salad:nIn a small bowl, whisk together oil, vinegar and mustard and season to taste with salt and black pepper. Arrange lettuce on a serving plate and top with grapefruit segments and walnuts. Pour dressing over salad and serve., ingredients: [2 cooked tuna fillets, broken into 1inch pieces about 2 cups, 14 cup prepared basil pesto, 2 tablespoons jarred roasted red peppers, diced, 2 to 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 thick slices rye bread, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 4 to 6 cups chopped Romaine lettuce leaves, 1 cup ruby red grapefruit segments, 13 cup candied walnuts, pecans or peanuts], title: TunaPesto Melts on Rye with Romaine Salad with Candied Walnuts and Grapefruit, picturelink: null}, 44325: {instructions: To make consomme: Put all ingredients into a stockpot and bring to a boil. Cook until liquid is reduced by twothirds. Strain and season with salt and pepper, if necessarynTake claws out of shells, try to keep whole. Take tails out of shells and cut in half. Blanch the ramps in boiling salted water for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks and saute for 5 to 10 min. Add blanched ramps and cook until leeks and ramps caramelize to a golden brown. Sautee mushrooms with shallot and garlic in olive oil. Place a saute pan over high heat and add the remaining butter. Heat until butter turns golden brown, sear scallops on both sides until golden brown. If necessary, finish scallops in oven. Lay out 8 bowls and mound the leek and ramp mixture in the center. Next arrange the scallops, haricots verts and mushrooms. Lay the half tail down on the leeks and place the claw on top. Pour the hot consomme into the bowl and top with microgreens and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds wild mushrooms, 2 quarts cold water, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 large leek, washed and chopped, 1 cup chopped carrot, 1 cup chopped celery, 2 cups chopped onion, Salt and pepper, 4 steamed whole lobsters, 8 ramps sliced lengthwise in 12, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 large leek, washed and diced, 4 cup wild mushrooms such as morels, chanterelles, trumpets, golden oyster, 1 tablespoon chopped shallot, 2 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 16 jumbo sea scallops washed and patted dry, 8 ounces haricots verts, blanched, 2 cups wild mushroom consomme, Microgreens], title: Lobster and Sea Scallops with Spring Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 44326: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. In a small saucepan, bring 1 cup water and white wine vinegar to a simmer. Remove from heat and add mushrooms. Cover and let mushrooms sit, 15 minutes. Strain.nSlice bread horizontally to create 2 pizzas. Lightly oil a baking sheet and place pizzas crust side up. Brush top with 14 cup oil. In a bowl, squeeze tomatoes to break up slightly. Place on pizza halves. Pull pieces of Buffalo mozzarella from the ball and place on halves. Top with porcini mushrooms, shredded mozzarella, garlic and pepperoni. Bake until cheese has melted and crust is crispy, about 25 minutes. Remove from oven, drizzle with oil, sprinkle on Parmesan and spread with cut basil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 cup water, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 12ounce dehydrated porcini mushrooms, 1 8 by 14inch piece focaccia, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for preparing pan and garnishing, 1 12 cups canned whole tomatoes with basil, 8 ounces fresh Buffalo mozzarella, 12 cup shredded aged mozzarella, 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 18 to 20 thick pepperoni slices, 13 cup shredded ParmigianoReggiano, 2 cups fresh basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sunnys Avenue J Pizza, picturelink: nxqtuXWz5HsG2R8nIkS.ldgS1c0.1be}, 44327: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Process the graham crackers and sugar in a food processor to a fine crumb. Add the melted butter and pulse until moist. Press the crumbs into a 9inch pie plate and bake until firm, 12 to 15 minutes. Let the crust cool completely on a wire rack before filling., ingredients: [14 graham cracker sheets 2 sleeves, 3 tablespoons sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Graham Cracker Crust, picturelink: null}, 44328: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the scallops into the bowl of a food processor and pulse 4 to 5 times. Add the egg whites and pulse until combined. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and add the salt, pepper, nutmeg, lemon zest and parsley. Pulse to incorporate. With the machine running, slowly add all of the cream. Scrape down the sides of the bowl 1 last time, put the lid back on and run for 5 more seconds.nPlace the mousse into a pastry bag or a zip top bag with the tip snipped off and pipe into mini phyllo shells. Bake for 10 minutes. Allow to cool 2 to 3 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pound wet sea scallops, muscle removed, rinsed and patted dry, 2 egg whites, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup heavy cream, very cold, 35 to 40 mini phyllo shells], title: Scallop Mousse, picturelink: zcMb9cv3YoTzQFPvqQbG8Sio0uINcy}, 44329: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large skillet until golden. Add the shallot and saute for a minute or until somewhat tender. Add the zucchini and saute, stirring constantly for 2 minutes or until tender but still crisp. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper serve with lemon or lime wedges if you wish., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 1 pound zucchini, washed, skin left on, shredded, Salt and pepper, Lemon or lime wedges], title: Saute of Grated Zucchini, picturelink: null}, 44330: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small frying pan, cook the bacon over medium heat until its crisp and the pan full of gorgeous bacony fat, about 4 minutes. Take the pan off the heat, the bacon out of the pan and straight into the cavity of the chicken, sitting the chicken breast side up in a roasting pan as you do so. Pour the brandy into the still hot frying pan and let bubble for a minute. Pour the brandy mixture over the chicken. Place the roasting pan into the hot oven and roast for 45 minutes, making sure juices run clear between leg and body. Let rest 10 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 2 12 to 3pound chicken, 2 rashers strips streaky bacon, 14 cup brandy], title: BrandiedBacony Chicken, picturelink: rzS8p1JRpGTnNdnouJMDg4.2GOM3bu}, 44331: {instructions: Combine the water, bay leaves, salt, and pepper in a pot with a snugfitting lid. Bring to a boil. Add the rice, reduce to a simmer, and cook for 40 to 45 minutes. When cooked stir in the butter, cover again and keep warm.nCombine the pecans, cayenne, maple syrup and salt in a saute pan and quickly cook over low heat until the nuts have lightly toasted. Remove from the heat and combine with the cooked wild rice., ingredients: [3 cups water, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 1 cup wild rice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup pecan pieces, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Wild Rice with Spicy Pecans, picturelink: null}, 44332: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 by 8inch baking pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter an 8 by 8inch baking pan, and set aside.nBrownie layer: In a saucepan on medium heat melt the butter. Remove the butter to a large bowl and add the sugar, vanilla, cocoa powder, salt, food coloring, and vinegar, in that order, mixing between additions. Whisk the eggs in a small bowl and stir it into the cocoa mix. Fold in the flour until lightly combined. Stir in the walnuts and pour the batter into the prepared baking pan, saving 14 cup of the batter for the top.nCream cheese layer: Blend together the cream cheese, sugar, egg, and vanilla in a medium bowl. Gently spread the cream cheese layer on top of the brownie batter in the pan. Dollop the remaining brownie batter over the cream cheese layer. Using a skewer or the tip of a knife, drag the tip through the cream cheese mixture to create a swirl pattern. Bake the brownies for 30 minutes. Remove to a cooling rack and allow them to cool completely before cutting., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, for pan, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup cocoa powder, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon red food coloring, 1 teaspoon vinegar, 2 eggs, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup chopped toasted walnuts, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 14 cup sugar, 1 egg, 18 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Red Velvet Swirl Brownies, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 44333: {instructions: Heat 2 teaspoons of the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, then add the quinoa and cook, stirring frequently, for 2 minutes. Add the broth. Bring to a simmer over high heat, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, covered, for 15 to 18 minutes, until all of the water is absorbed.nSpread the cooked quinoa out on a rimmed baking sheet to cool. In a small bowl or container, combine the lemon juice and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil season with salt and pepper.nIn a large serving bowl, mix together the spinach, apricots, onion and parsley if using and toss with the dressing. Lightly toss in the cooled quinoa. Sprinkle with the cheese and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup quinoa, 2 cups lowsodium vegetable broth, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups roughly chopped baby spinach, 1 cup diced dried apricots, 12 cup slivered red onion, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, optional, 34 cup crumbled goat or feta cheese], title: Spinach and Quinoa Salad with Dried Apricots, picturelink: 8.b47a61pHerO8XtCZSuXwU4v25zLIK}, 44334: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the oats, flour, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and cinnamon. In another bowl, whisk together buttermilk, eggs, melted butter and vanilla, blend thoroughly. Pour the liquid ingredients over the dry ingredients and mix with the whisk until just combined. Dont worry if the batter is a bit lumpy. With a rubber spatula gently fold in the raisins. The batter will thicken as it stands. If necessary, lightly butter, oil, or spray your griddle or skillet. Preheat over medium heat or if using an electric griddle set to 350 degrees F. If you want to hold the pancakes until serving time preheat your oven to 200 degrees F. Spoon 14 cup of batter onto griddle for each pancake, allowing space for spreading, and use a spatula or the back of your spoon to lightly press the batter into rounds. When the underside of the pancake are golden and the tops are speckled with bubbles that pop and stay open, flip over with a wide spatula and cook on the other side until light brown. Serve immediately or place in oven while you make the rest of the batch., ingredients: [1 cup old fashion oats, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 23 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup plump raisins, Cinnamon Sour cream, recipe follows, Maple syrup for topping], title: Oatmeal Raisin Pancakes with Cinnamon Sour Cream, picturelink: null}, 44335: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a Dutch oven or large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, celery and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables soften, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 8 minutes.nAdd 12 cup water, the wine and red pepper flakes to the pot and bring to a simmer. Add the mussels and tilapia cover and cook until the mussels open and the tilapia is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Discard any unopened mussels. Season with salt and pepper. Gently stir in the parsley.nMeanwhile, preheat the broiler. Arrange the bread on a baking sheet and brush with the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil. Broil until toasted, about 3 minutes. Serve with the seafood stew.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 28ounce can nosaltadded tomatoes, crushed by hand, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 12 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 12 ounces tilapia, cut into 8 pieces, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 4 slices ciabatta or country bread], title: TilapiaSeafood Stew, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 44336: {instructions: In a blender or food processor, combine flour, milk, water, eggs, olive oil or melted butter, and salt. Puree or blend until smooth. Pour batter into a pitcher or container with a pouring lip or leave in blender jar. Cover with plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, optional.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and saute 5 minutes, until tender. Add chorizo and cook 3 to 5 minutes, until heated through. Remove mixture from pan and set aside. Cover with foil to keep warm.nReturn skillet to medium heat.nFor each crepe, add 2 tablespoons batter to pan. Lift the pan off the heat and tilt and rotate it so that the batter forms an even, very thin layer. Cook until the top is set and the bottom is golden about 30 seconds to 1 minute. Using your fingers, flip crepe and cook 30 seconds, until second side is lightly browned. Transfer crepe to layers of waxed paper and repeat with remaining batter.nRoll crepes with chorizoleek filling. Garnish with sour cream and chives., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup milk, 14 cup lukewarm water, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon olive oil or melted butter, plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sliced leeks, 2 cups finely diced chorizo or andouille sausage, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup minced fresh chives], title: ChorizoLeek Crepes with Sour Cream and Chives, picturelink: null}, 44337: {instructions: Two hours before serving, prepare candied tomatoes.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees F.nPeel tomatoes, remove stems, quarter, and remove inside pulp, to get something like petals of tomatoes. Place petals on a baking tray season with salt, pepper, and a sprinkle of sugar. Bake for 90 minutes.nPrepare sauce: Combine and whisk sesame oil, balsamic vinegar, and soy sauce.nCook Chinese noodles in salted water according to directions. Strain and rinse under cold water and strain again. In a bowl, toss noodles with half of sauce.nShell the langoustines and saute them quickly in olive oil. Toss mesclun lightly with desired amount of remaining sauce.nOn each plate, arrange a layer of noodles and place three langoustines on the sides. Spoon fruit chutney on each langoustine and garnish with petals of tomato. Place mesclun on top of Chinese noodles and sprinkle entire arrangement with both black and white sesame seeds. Garnish with sprigs of dill and serve., ingredients: [2 tomatoes, Salt and pepper, Sugar, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 7 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 4 ounces Chinese noodles, uncooked, 12 langoustines, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, for sauteing, 8 ounces mesclun salad, 13 pound 5 13 ounces fruit chutney, 14 cup black sesame seeds, 14 cup white sesame seeds, Dill sprigs], title: Langoustines with Candied Tomatoes, Chutney, and Salad with Sesame Seeds, picturelink: null}, 44338: {instructions: Separate the stems and leaves of 2 bunches rainbow chard coarsely chop. Cook the stems, 1 sliced garlic clove and a pinch of salt in olive oil, covered but stirring occasionally, 6 minutes transfer to a bowl. Cook the leaves, stirring, 5 minutes. Add 12 cup cream simmer 3 minutes. Stir in the stems, lemon juice, salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Creamed Chard, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 44339: {instructions: Special equipment: Metal stencil leaf template andor real leavesnPlace the metal leaf template onto parchment paper. Using a small offset spatula, spread bittersweet chocolate over the template. Remove the stencil and allow to harden. If you dont have a stencil, use a paintbrush to spread bittersweet chocolate over a real leaf on the shiny side, keeping the thickness to about 18inch. Allow the chocolate to set completely then gently peel back the leaf from the chocolate.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered], title: Chocolate Leaves, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 44340: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large deep saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of the butter. Add the celery, onions, and garlic and cook until soft. Stir in the mushrooms, adobo sauce, poultry seasoning, wine, and chicken stock. Cook until warmed throughout, then add the bread. Turn the heat to low, and let the bread absorb the liquid. Sprinkle with the parsley and leeks, and stir to combine.nIn a large saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and allow it to brown. Season the chicken breasts with salt, pepper, to taste, and sprinkle with a little poultry seasoning. Sear the chicken breasts, skin side down, about 2 minutes per side. Nestle the chicken breasts into the bread mixture. Bake until an internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the chicken from the oven, transfer it to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 ribs celery, diced small, 1 onion, diced small, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup sliced white mushrooms, 3 tablespoons adobo sauce, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, plus more for sprinkling, 14 cup Marsala wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 3 cups cubed ciabatta bread, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 1 cup sliced leeks, half moons, 2 8ounce skinon chicken breasts, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Baked Chicken with Ciabatta Dressing, picturelink: tHHjzcPBLsQx4EabW63Nn4j3WiU.WEe}, 44341: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: an ice cream makernWhisk together the pumpkin puree, cream, milk, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in a large bowl. Freeze the mixture in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers directions., ingredients: [2 cups pumpkin puree, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, Pinch salt], title: Pumpkin Gelato, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 44342: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Season the chicken with 1 teaspoon salt add to the pan, and cook, turning once or twice, until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Pour off the excess fat.nAdd the squash, tomatoes, onion, garlic, and chiles, if using. Season with additional salt, the oregano, and pepper. Cover and simmer until the chicken is cooked through and the squash is forktender, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter, and enjoy., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, One 2 12 to 3pound fryer chicken, cut into 8 to 10 pieces, Salt, 4 tatuma squash, halved, seeded, and cut into 1inch cubes, see Cooks Note, 4 tomatoes, halved and sliced, 12 onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 to 5 whole serrano chiles, optional, 1 12 teaspoons to 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken with Tatuma Squash Pollo con Calabacita, picturelink: null}, 44343: {instructions: You will need a large bread bowl, a small heavybottomed saucepan, unglazed quarry tiles or a baking stone or one or two baking sheets, to fit on a rack in your oven, a rolling pin, a bread stamp or a fork or a wire whisk, a peel or a longhandled spatula, small spray bottle for spritzing optional.nPlace 12 cup warm water in a large bowl, stir in sugar, then sprinkle on yeast and stir to dissolve. Place yogurt and one cup water in a saucepan, stir to mix, then place over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until lukewarm. Add the yogurt mixture to the yeast and water mixture and stir. Add the whole wheat flour one cup at a time, stirring in one direction only as you add the flour. Then stir one hundred times for about one minute in the same direction to activate the gluten. Let this sponge stand, covered, for 10 minutes or for as long as 2 hours.nSprinkle 1 tablespoon salt over the sponge, then stir in unbleached flour one cup at a time until dough is too stiff to stir. Turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 10 minutes, until the dough becomes smooth and elastic, incorporating more unbleached flour as necessary to prevent dough from sticking.nRinse out, wipe and lightly oil your bread bowl. Add the dough, cover with plastic wrap, and let rise until doubled in volume, approximately 1 12 hours.nPosition a rack in the top third of your oven. Arrange unglazed quarry tiles on it, leaving a 1inch gap between tiles and the oven walls to allow air to circulate. Alternatively place a baking stone or baking sheets on the rack. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nGently punch down the dough and turn out onto a lightly floured surface. If you have time, let rest, covered, for 10 minutes. Place shallots and remaining salt beside your work surface, together with a bowl of lukewarm water. Divide dough into 8 equal pieces. Using lightly floured hands, press each piece into a 3 to 4inch round.nWork with one round at a time, leaving the others covered at the back of your work surface. Working on a lightly floured surface, roll out to a 6inch round. With a fork or bread stamp, or the edge of a wire whisk, stamp a 1 12inch diameter circle at the center of the bread thoroughly, to flatten and pierce it to prevent it from rising. Sprinkle onto the center approximately 12 teaspoon chopped shallot, a pinch of salt, and a sprinkle of water.nQuickly roll out and prepare one, two, or three more breads depending on the size of your oven, then transfer prepared breads to the hot tiles, stone, or baking sheets. Begin shaping your next breads as the first batch is baking. Let bake for approximately 5 minutes, or until lightly golden you can also let breads brown to a deeper hue by leaving them in for 7 to 8 minutes.nUse a longhandled spatula to remove from the oven. Place on a rack to cool, then stack and wrap loosely in a cotton cloth to keep soft and warm. Shape and bake remaining breads in the same way., ingredients: [12 cup warm water, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon dry yeast, 1 cup plain yogurt 2 percent or whole milk, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 2 cups whole wheat flour, 2 12 to 3 12 cups unbleached allpurpose or hard white flour, Approximately 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot, Approximately 1 teaspoon salt, Water for spritzing], title: Tajik Non, picturelink: null}, 44344: {instructions: COMBINE seasoned salt, five spice powder, peanut butter and milk in a shallow bowl. Combine bread crumbs and coconut in another shallow bowl. Coat chicken in peanut butter mixture, dip into breading mixture. Pat to coat well.nHEAT oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook chicken tenders slowly to achieve even browning, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Add more oil as needed.nCOMBINE preserves, soy sauce, lemon juice, sesame oil and gingerroot in a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on HIGH 20 to 30 seconds or until warmed through stir. Serve warm with chicken as a dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 12 tsps. seasoned salt, 12 tsp. Chinese five spice powder, 2 tbsps. Smuckersu00ae Creamy Natural Peanut Butter, 14 cup fat free milk, 1 14 cups panko bread crumbs, 12 cup flaked coconut, 1 1 lb. pkg. boneless skinless chicken breast tenders, 14 cup Criscou00ae Puritan Canola Oil with Omega3 DHA, 1 10.25 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Apricot Low Sugar Preserves, 1 cup, 1 tbsp. lite soy sauce, 12 tsp. fresh squeezed lemon juice, 34 tsp. dark Asian sesame oil, 12 tsp. finely grated gingerroot], title: Coconut Chicken with Apricot Ginger Dipping Sauce, picturelink: hQS3H1.WiUWPdSj8vUgKFX0maLp0fFm}, 44345: {instructions: For the vinaigrette, whisk together the mustard, salt, pepper, and vinegars. Whisking constantly, very slowly drizzle in the olive oil and then the corn oil. Store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nPut the mustard in mixing bowl and slowly whisk in 1 cup of the vinaigrette. Whisk in the shallot. Put in a small saucepan and set aside. Bring the court bouillon to a boil in a 10inch pot. Season the halibut with salt and pepper on both sides. Add the halibut to the pot and adjust the heat so the liquid just simmers. Poach until a metal skewer inserted into the center of the halibut meets only a little resistance and the skewer, when left in the fish for 5 seconds, feels barley warm when touched to your lip, about 5 to 6 minutes. The halibut should be rare thinner steaks will be ready sooner. Take the steaks out ot the liquid as soon as they are done discard the court bouillon. In a small saute pan with 1 tablespoon butter, saute leeks until tender. Meanwhile, add the herbs to the vinaigrette and warm over low heat. Pull the skin off the halibut and place in the center of 4 plates. Spoon the vinaigrette over and around the fish. Serve immediately, with steamed asparagus., ingredients: [2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 pinches freshly ground white pepper, 3 tablespoons red wine vineagar, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon corn oil, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 cup vinaigrette see recipe above, 1 small shallot, peeled and finely diced, 3 cups court bouillon, 4 8ounce halibut steaks, skin on, Fine sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground white pepper, to taste, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh Italian parsely, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chervil, 2 bunch cleaned leeks, Sauteed], title: Poached Halibut in Warm Herb Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 44346: {instructions: Grab some leftover cranberry sauce andavoiding the whole berriesadd 2 tablespoons to a shaker with the gin, lime juice and bitters. Add ice, shake very vigorously at least 30 to 45 seconds and strain through a mesh strainer into a chilled coupe glass. Smack a sprig of rosemary between palms to release aromaholiday aggression and float delicately atop the cocktail. Toast to wellpurposed leftovers., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cranberry sauce without whole berries, 2 ounces gin, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, 2 dashes bitters, such as Peychauds, Sprig of fresh rosemary], title: Gin and Cranberry Sauced, picturelink: null}, 44347: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a saucepan and add the tomato sauce. Bring to a boil.nCarefully crack the eggs into the pan, allowing them to cook right in the sauce. Scatter mozzarella cheese on top. Simmer on low to medium heat with lid on for approximatelyn10 minutes.nRemove lid and add your torn basil leaves at the very end. Salt and pepper to season and serve immediately.nTo make Tomato Sauce:nEmpty peeled plum tomatoes into a bowl and break them up with your hands or a spoon.nHeat olive oil in a saucepan and add the chopped garlic. Gently fry ingredients together.nAdd the peeled plum tomatoes to the saucepan. Simmer on low to medium heat for 10 minutes.nSeason the sauce with salt. Add the torn basil leaves at the very end., ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 12 cups Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, 8 eggs, 1 fresh mozzarella ball, grated, 6 fresh basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 28ounce can peeled plum tomatoes, pureed, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 5 basil leaves, torn, Salt], title: Poached Eggs in Purgatory, picturelink: null}, 44348: {instructions: Put the potatoes, garlic and bay leaf in a saucepan cover with water and season with salt. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer until almost tender, about 5 minutes. Drain, discarding the bay leaf transfer the potatoes to a bowl halve any that are large. Add the peppers and scallions drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil, season with salt and toss.nPreheat a grill to medium. Grill the vegetables, turning occasionally, until the potatoes are tender and the peppers and scallions are charred, 3 minutes for the scallions and 5 to 6 minutes for the potatoes and peppers. Transfer to a cutting board to cool slightly.nScrape the skin off the peppers with a paring knife and cut them into large chunks coarsely chop the scallions. Combine the potatoes, peppers and scallions in a serving bowl. Drizzle with the vinegar and the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. Sprinkle with the parsley and season with salt toss.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 pounds fingerling potatoes, 6 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt, 4 bell peppers red andor yellow, stemmed and quartered, 2 bunches scallions, trimmed, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Grilled Potato and Pepper Salad, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 44349: {instructions: In a large bowl whisk together the garlic paste, lemon juice, cumin, and olive oil. Add the steak to the marinade, turning it to coat it well, and let it marinate, covered and chilled, for at least 1 hour or overnight.nGrill the steak, drained, on a welloiled rack set about 5 inches over glowing coals or in a hot wellseasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, or until it is just springy to the touch, for mediumrare meat. Alternatively, the steak may be broiled on the rack of a broiler pan under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare meat. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let it stand for 10 minutes.nWhile the steak is standing, in a large skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, add the bell peppers, onion, and garlic, and saute the mixture, stirring, for 5 minutes, or until the bell peppers are softened.nIn the oven: Stack 4 tortillas at a time, wrap each stack in foil, and heat the tortillas in the middle of a preheated 325 degree oven for 15 minutes. If the tortillas are very dry to begin with, pat each tortilla between dampened hands before stacking them.nIn the microwave: Stack 6 tortillas at time, wrap each stack in a microwavesafe plastic bag, and heat the tortillas in a microwave oven at high power 100 percent for 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until they are heated through and pliable.nSlice the steak thinly, across the grain, on the diagonal and arrange the slices on a platter with the bell pepper mixture. Drizzle any steak juices over the steak and the pepper mixture and serve the steak and the pepper mixture with the tortillas, the guacamole, and the salsa.nTo assemble a fajita: Spread some of the guacamole on a tortilla, top it with a few slices of the steak, some of the pepper mixture, and some of the salsa, and roll up the tortilla to enclose the filling.nHalve and pit the avocados and scoop the flesh into a bowl. Mash the avocados coarsely with a fork and stir in the onion, garlic paste, lime juice, cumin, chile, and cilantro. The guacamole may be made 2 hours in advance, its surface covered with plastic wrap, and chilled.nYield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [4 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds skirt steak, trimmed and cut into large pieces to fit on a grill or broiler pan or in a ridged grill pan, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 assorted colored bell peppers, sliced thin, 1 large red onion, sliced thin, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 8 7 to 8inch flour tortillas, Guacamole, as an accompaniment, recipe follows, Salsa, store bought or home made, 2 ripe seasonal avocados, 12 small onion, minced, 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon salt, 4 teaspoons fresh lime juice, or to taste, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 fresh or pickled jalapeno chile, if desired, seeded and minced wear rubber gloves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, if desired], title: Beef Fajitas, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 44350: {instructions: Mix lemongrass, lime juice, sugar, soy sauce and garlic in large bowl. Add pork toss to coat with marinade. Let stand 30 minutes to 1 hour.nPreheat broiler. Thread 3 pork strips on each skewer. Grill until cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Pour sauce into bowl set in center of platter. Sprinkle with green onion. Surround with pork skewers and serve.nIn a blender blend together the peanut butter, the garlic, the lime juice, the soy sauce, the sugar, ginger, the cayenne, the water, and salt and pepper to taste until the mixture smooth and transfer the sauce to a bowl. The sauce may be made 2 days in advance and kept covered and chilled.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 tablespoon minced fresh lemongrass from bottom 6 inches of stalk, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 34 pound pork, tenderloin, trimmed, cut into 3inch  long, 12 inch wide, 14  inch thick slices, 12 8  inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water 30 minutes, 13 cup smooth peanut butter, 1 garlic clove, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 18 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste, 13 cup water], title: Pork Sate with Peanut Dippping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44351: {instructions: Beat eggs in a bowl and set aside. Melt butter in a saucepan with the milk. Let cool slightly before adding to egg mixture. In a separate mixing bowl, sift all the dry ingredients together. Add the eggs to this mixture, just to moisten. Do not over mix. Crumble the defrosted poi into the mix, to taste. The poi gets soft as the batter cooks, so too much will result in a gooey pancake. Make sure to add the poi just before you pour the pancakes. This will result in little pudding pockets in the cake. Heat the griddle, then spoon mixture onto griddle, and cook until bubbles form around the edges. Turn the cakes and cook for another 25 seconds or until the bottom is slightly browned. Top with coconut syrup., ingredients: [2 whole eggs, 14 cup butter, melted, 1 cup milk, 1 14 cup allpurpose flour, sifted, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 cup poi, frozen and crumbled, Coconut syrup recommended, Hawaiis Own Coconut Syrup], title: Poi Pancakes, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 44352: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nMelt butter in a small saute pan over medium heat and add the sugar. Stir until sugar is melted and remove from heat. Stir in the pecans and transfer the mixture to a baking sheet. Bake for about 5 minutes until toasted. Lay the prosciutto slices on another baking sheet and bake for 2 to 3 minutes until the prosciutto is crispy. In a large salad bowl, place the spinach, candied pecans, cranberries, and prosciutto. Toss with the dressing and garnish with crumbled feta., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup pecans, halved, 12ounce prosciutto, thinly sliced, 4 ounces spinach, stemmed, washed, and dried, 2 tablespoons dried cranberries, 14 cup your favorite salad dressing recommended: Honey Dijon, 2 tablespoons feta cheese, crumbled], title: Spinach Salad Recipe, picturelink: null}, 44353: {instructions: Prep the pumpkin: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the stem and cut the pumpkin into quarters with a serrated knife. Scrape the seeds and pulp into a strainer set aside.nRoast the pumpkin: Put the wedges on a baking sheet and cover tightly with foil bake until the flesh is tender, about 1 hour, 30 minutes. Remove the foil and let cool.nPuree and strain: Scoop the pumpkin flesh into a food processor and puree until smooth. Transfer to a sieve set over a bowl to drain the excess liquid, about 1 hour.nToast the seeds: Meanwhile, reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F. Rinse the seeds under cold water and discard the stringy pulp blot dry. Spread the seeds in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet and bake about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally this helps dry them out.nMake the topping: Transfer 12 cup pumpkin seeds to a bowl and add the almonds, sunflower seeds and syrup. Spread on 2 baking sheets lined with silicone mats or parchment paper and season with salt bake until just golden, stirring several times, about 20 minutes. Cool completely on the pan, then toss with the dried cherries.nMake the batter: Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and pumpkinpie spice in a bowl. Whisk the sugar and egg yolks in a separate bowl, then whisk in 1 12 cups strained pumpkin puree, the yogurt and milk. Whisk in the melted butter. Pour the pumpkin mixture into the flour mixture and stir with a rubber spatula until just combined it will be lumpy. Beat the egg whites with a mixer until stiff, then gently fold into the batter.nCook the waffles: Preheat a waffle iron and grease it if its not nonstick. Spoon in the batter and cook until golden brown. Keep warm in a 250 degree F oven directly on the rack until serving. Serve with whipped cream, if desired, and sprinkle with the topping.nPhotographs by Jim Franco, ingredients: [1 small sugar pie pumpkin 2 to 3 pounds, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons pumpkinpie spice, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, separated, 14 cup plain Greek yogurt, 1 cup whole milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup slivered almonds, 14 cup raw sunflower seeds, 1 12 tablespoons pure maple syrup, Coarse salt, 14 cup dried cherries or cranberries, Whipped cream, for serving optional], title: Pumpkin Waffles With TrailMix Topping, picturelink: jUbdZUI1Tl0rcAsLA5Zy2h5lD6tkdlS}, 44354: {instructions: Cook egg noodles according to package directions.nMeanwhile, melt butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and cook 3 minutes until soft. Add mushrooms and cook 3 minutes, until mushrooms soften. Add thyme and cook 1 minute, until fragrant. Stir in chicken. Add wine and simmer 1 minute. In a small bowl, whisk together broth, cornstarch and Worcestershire sauce. Add mixture to pan and bring to a simmer. Simmer 2 minutes, until mixture thickens. Stir in cooked noodles and toss to combine. Season to taste with salt and black pepper.nTransfer to a serving platter and top with chives., ingredients: [12 ounces broad egg noodles, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup chopped onion, 8 ounces sliced mushrooms any variety andor combination, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 cooked chicken breast halves, cut into 1inch pieces about 2 cups, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped chives], title: Chicken Stroganoff, picturelink: eCAFjYp1.7efuu0EupqCr5Pj8hoLDwG}, 44355: {instructions: For the ginger syrup: Place all syrup ingredients in a saucepan and simmer until sugar dissolves and the ginger is infused in the syrup, about 20 minutes. Strain and allow to cool fully before use.nFor the drink: Crush the frozen cranberries in a large glass pitcher. Add the lime juice and their juiced wedges to the pitcher. Pour in the vodka, cranberry juice, and ginger syrup. Put ice in lowball glasses and fill glasses about 23 full. Top off with club soda and garnish with a shaving of fresh ginger., ingredients: [4 inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 cups water, 1 cup frozen cranberries, 1 lime, juiced, 2 cups vodka or gin, 2 cups cranberry juice, 1 cup ginger syrup, or to taste, Splash club soda, Shaved ginger], title: Ginger Cranberry Cocktail Frozen Vodka or Gin, picturelink: barYymZqgKKhrmyMjf2JqxFetcmLot.}, 44356: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the granulated sugar and eggs in a large bowl with a mixer on high speed until pale and very thick, about 5 minutes. Add the ricotta, olive oil, 1 teaspoon tangerine zest and the vanilla and almond extracts beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the flour mixture until just combined. The dough will be loose  similar to a thick cake batter.nDrop tablespoonfuls of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, about 1 12 inches apart. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies spring back when gently pressed, about 12 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nMake the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar, the remaining 12 teaspoon tangerine zest and 2 tablespoons hot water until smooth, adding up to 1 more tablespoon hot water if needed. Spoon about 12 teaspoon of the glaze over each cookie and spread with the back of the spoon. Decorate with nonpareils. Let set, 30 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 cup wholemilk ricotta cheese, 13 cup mildflavored olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated tangerine zest or orange zest, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, 1 23 cups confectioners sugar, Nonpareils, for decorating], title: TangerineRicotta Drop Cookies, picturelink: x11QVucEiQOKQw8atjGsk68elGxe}, 44357: {}, 44358: {instructions: Heat oil in a large stock pot or Dutch oven over medium heat.nCook spaghetti according to package directions. In a large bowl, combine beef and garlic and herb seasoning, 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Mix well and shape mixture into meatballs about 16 meatballs. Add meatballs and cook 5 minutes, until golden brown on all sides. Add tomatoes, tomato paste, oregano, and red pepper flakes and bring to a simmer. Simmer 10 minutes, until meatballs are cooked through. Reserve 1 12 cups sauce for another meal. Remove from heat and stir in basil. Serve sauce over spaghetti. Top with Parmesan just before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound spaghetti, 1 pound extralean ground beef, 1 teaspoon saltfree garlic and herb seasoning, Salt and pepper, 2 28ounce cans diced tomatoes, 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 cup torn fresh basil leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Spaghetti and Meatballs, picturelink: fUdduDvJ9yddrsxyku9E7BRBbBHWrm}, 44359: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over moderate heat. Add the leek and onion and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, salt and pepper and saute another minute. Add the carrots, potatoes and scant 14 cup water to skillet. Cover and cook until vegetables are tender, 5 to 7 minutes.nTo the vegetables in the skillet, add the red pepper, poblano chile and mushrooms and saute until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the cilantro and mix to combine, then turn the heat to high to lightly brown the hash.nMeanwhile, poach the eggs: Bring 4 cups of water and the vinegar to a simmer in a deep saute pan. One at a time, tip each bowl over the water and let the eggs fall gently into the water. After 1 to 2 minutes, remove each egg with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.nDivide the vegetable hash among individual plates, making a well in the center of each. Using a slotted spoon, carefully place a poached egg in the center of the hash. Serve warm with Salsa Roja., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 leek, washed, white and light green part sliced thinly, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 carrots, cut into 14 inch dice, 2 baking potatoes, cut into 14 inch dice, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 14 inch dice, 1 poblano chile, cut into 14 inch dice, 14 pound mushrooms, cut into 14 inch dice, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 4 to 6 eggs, cracked into individual bowls, Salsa Roja, if desired], title: Vegetable Hash with Poached Eggs, picturelink: null}, 44360: {instructions: Mix the mayonnaise, Parmesan, garlic, lemon juice, pepper, sugar, salt and artichoke hearts in a large bowl. Taste for seasoning, and add more salt if necessary., ingredients: [5 cups mayonnaise, 3 cups grated Parmesan, 34 cup freshly minced garlic, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 teaspoons black pepper, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon Kosher salt, Two 10ounce cans artichoke hearts, coarsely chopped], title: Artichoke Mix, picturelink: null}, 44361: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut off top third of each tomato. Scoop out seeds, juice and pulp from and discard. Set aside. Chop tomato top and set aside.nIn medium nonstick skillet, saute chorizo or sausage in olive oil, breaking it up with a spoon as it cooks. When browned all over, add onion to skillet and cook until soft, stirring frequently. Add garlic, celery, and poblano pepper and cook for another 2 minutes, stirring to combine well. Add reserved chopped tomato tops, salt, and pepper and stir for another minute.nRemove skillet from heat. Mix in 2 tablespoons cilantro, bread crumbs, and pepper jack cheese. Using a large spoon, stuff mixture into tomatoes, packing down firmly. Top with Parmesan and place tomatoes in oiled baking dish. Bake until heated through and cheese turns golden, approximately 20 minutes.nSprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon of cilantro and serve., ingredients: [6 large firm tomatoes, 8 ounces uncooked chorizo or spicy Italian sausage, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium white onion, finely chopped, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 1 poblano or green bell pepper, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 12 cup seasoned dry bread crumbs, 1 cup grated pepper jack cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Tango Tomatoes, picturelink: Le53N4akWUmS0GfJa.F6AK1B0QRqfW6}, 44362: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.nPlace flour for dredging in a shallow bowl. Coat each fillet with seasoned flour and shake off excess. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Add butterolive oil combination. Add the fillets, without crowding. Increase heat to high and saute, shaking the pan from time to time, until the bottom of the fish is nicely browned, about 3 minutes. Turn and brown the other side. Remove fish to a plate and keep warm in the oven. Repeat with remaining fillets.nDeglaze the pan with white wine. Cook, stirring over high heat until reduced by about onethird. Stir in remaining butter and drained capers.nPlate fish and drizzle sauce around each fillet., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour for dredging, seasoned with salt and pepper, 1 12 to 2 pounds Chilean Sea Bass fillets, 4 tablespoons butterolive oil combination, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon butter, softened, 2 tablespoons drained capers], title: Sauteed Chilean Sea Bass, picturelink: null}, 44363: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a cocktail shaker, add the rhubarb and the strawberry, and muddle. Add the tequila, agave nectar, lime juice and some ice and shake. Strain into an icefilled 12ounce Collins glass that has been rimmed with salt. Top with the grapefruit soda and a pinch of salt., ingredients: [3 slices fresh rhubarb, plus more for garnish, 1 strawberry, hulled, 1 12 ounces tequila blanco 100 percent blue agave, 12ounce agave nectar, 12ounce fresh lime juice, Ice, Pinch salt, plus more for rimming glass, 2 ounces grapefruit soda], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Paloma, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 44364: {instructions: Butter a 4quart baking dish.nPlace turkey breast in a medium saucepan, cover with stock, and add parsley, bay leaf, thyme, and peppercorns. Bring stock to a boil, reduce heat to low. Cover pot and simmer until turkey is just cooked through, about 20 minutes. Transfer turkey to a plate, remove herbs and peppercorns with a slotted spoon. When turkey is cool enough to handle, cut into 12inch thick pieces and transfer to the buttered baking dish.nAdd carrots and turnips to the broth and cook until just tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer carrots, turnips and thawed peas to the buttered baking dish. Strain broth into a bowl. Melt butter in the same pot over medium heat. Add leeks and shallots and cook until soft. Add flour and stir for 2 minutes. Stir in broth and white wine. Increase heat to high and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Cook until reduced slightly. Add cream and cook until sauce thickens enough to coat a spoon. Season with salt and pepper and add the parsley and sage. Pour the sauce over the turkey and vegetables in the baking dish.nFor the Crust: Place flour, herbs, and salt in a food processor and process until herbs are finely chopped. Add butter and shortening and process until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add a few tablespoons of the cold water at a time and pulse until the mixture just comes together. Gather dough into ball and chill for 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll dough into a 15 by 10 12inch rectangle and place dough over onto filling. Trim overhang, tuck dough edge inside dish. Bake until crust is golden and gravy is bubbling, about 1 hour. Let stand 10 minutes before cutting., ingredients: [1 2 pound boneless turkey breast, 4 cups chicken stock, 4 parsley sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 3 thyme sprigs, 3 black peppercorns, 2 large carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 12 pound turnips, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large leek, white and pale green part, sliced thinly, 1 large shallot, finely sliced, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper, 14 cup coarsely chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons fresh sage chiffonade, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped sage, 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chilled unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 cup chilled solid vegetable shortening, 12 cup ice water], title: Turkey Pot Pie with Sage Crust, picturelink: null}, 44365: {instructions: Coat a large griddle or skillet with cooking spray and preheat to medium heat.nSpread mustard on 4 slices of bread. Spread mayonnaise on remaining 4 slices of bread. Top mustard side of slices with pear slices, ham and cheese. Place second slice of bread with the mayonnaise over top, making a sandwich.nIn a shallow dish, whisk together eggs, salt, cinnamon, baking powder and water. Dip sandwiches in egg mixture and turn to coat both sides. Place sandwiches on hot griddle and cook 3 to 5 minutes per side, until egg is cooked and cheese melts., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 8 slices wholewheat bread, 4 teaspoons light mayonnaise, 2 ripe pears, cored and thinly sliced canned pears may also be used, 8 ounces leftover ham slices, 4 ounces Swiss cheese 4 to 8 slices, 2 eggs, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 cup water], title: Croque Monsieur Sandwiches with Pears, picturelink: uYm06JathviLX8nl1voZSRE03HsUYtm}, 44366: {instructions: Special equipment: a large, resealable plastic zipper bagnAdd the oats, milk, halfandhalf, brown sugar, vanilla, salt and apples to a large resealable plastic zipper bag. Mix, seal and soak for 10 minutes or refrigerate overnight.nTop with the raspberries and sliced almonds and serve., ingredients: [1 cup oldfashioned oats, 1 cup whole milk, 12 cup halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 1 small Granny Smith apple, chopped, 14 cup raspberries, 1 tablespoon sliced almonds], title: Zipper Bag Overnight Oatmeal, picturelink: YjspT11MHuC2Ps9q4xh9mRht31.QsYK}, 44367: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nSeason trout fillets and prawns with salt, garlic, and lemon pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat and then place trout fillets, skinside down. Saute fish for 1 minute, turn, and cook for 1 more minute, or until fish is just cooked through. Add 12 cup chardonnay to the pan and hold in a warm oven until ready to serve. In another saute pan, heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, add shrimp, and cook for 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Add the remaining 12 cup chardonnay to the pan and hold in warm oven.nIn the middle of each entree plate, place 13 cup hot mashed potatoes. Place 2 spears of asparagus on top of the potatoes. Place 1 portion of cooked trout on top of the asparagus, and then place 13 cup additional mashed potatoes on trout. Place 1 tablespoon of cooked spinach on the potatoes and top with 2 prawns. Drizzle each plate with a little LemonShallot Beurre Blanc Sauce, and garnish each plate with 3 gaufrette chips.nPlace potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover the potatoes with water by 1inch. Add 1 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, and simmer until the potatoes arenfork tender, about 12 to 15 minutes. Drain into a colander. In a mixing bowl, mash potatoes until no lumps remain, and then add butter. Next add cream, remaining 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper. Cover and keep warm until ready to serve.nIn a small heavy saucepan, boil the Champagne vinegar and chardonnay with the shallots over high heat until only 1 tablespoon of liquid remains. Add heavy cream and cook for 1 minute. Remove from heat and add butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, whisking after each addition until melted before adding more. When all the butter has been incorporated, whisk in the lemon juice, kosher salt, and white pepper. Hold the sauce in a warm spot but not over direct heat.nHeat oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Alternatively, fill a large, deep, heavy pot halfway with oil and heat to 350 degrees F. Using a mandoline, make very thin, crosscut potato slices. Fry until golden brown. Remove to a paper towellined plate to drain and salt lightly., ingredients: [8 4ounce rainbow trout fillets, 16 size U15 prawns, peeled and deveined, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon lemon pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chardonnay wine, 6 cups Idaho Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 16 asparagus spears, cooked and kept warm, 12 cup cooked spinach, kept warm, LemonShallot Beurre Blanc Sauce, recipe follows, 24 Idaho Potato Gaufrette Chips, recipe follows, 8 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 teaspoons salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 14 cup Champagne vinegar, 1 cup chardonnay wine, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 pound unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 1 medium Idaho potato, peeled, Salt], title: Idaho Rainbow Trout and Prawn Napoleon With LemonShallot Beurre Blanc Sauce, picturelink: 9sjgapxbZvSgaVw3nTNQsRbC.5iWj5C}, 44368: {instructions: Place the oxtails, wine, thyme and onion into a pot and cover with water. Simmer for about 2 hours, skimming often. Remove the oxtails and, when cool enough to touch, take the meat off the bones and shred. In the meantime, reduce braising liquid to a glace and strain through a fine sieve. Heat olive oil over medium heat and saute the carrots, celery and shredded meat. When the vegetables are tender, add garlic, parsley and season with salt and pepper. Add a little of the strained braising liquid to moisten. Stuff each pepper with a little of the meat mixture. Serve right away with a drizzle of the glace and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [5 pounds oxtails, Water, to cover, 1 cup red wine, Fresh thyme sprigs, 1 onion, peeled and cut into large chunks, Olive oil, 1 cup celery brunois, 1 cup carrot brunois, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, plus extra for garnish, Salt and pepper, 1 can prepared piquillo peppers], title: Piquillo Peppers Stuffed with Oxtail, picturelink: null}, 44369: {}, 44370: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCream together the butter, sugar and vanilla. Beat the eggs slightly then add to the butter mixture and mix well. Sift flour, salt and baking soda then add slowly to the moist ingredients and mix thoroughly. Mix in the toffee bits, oatmeal, coconut and nuts.nDrop dough by the teaspoonful onto an ungreased baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks butter, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup white sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 10ounce bag toffee candy bits, 1 cup oatmeal, 1 cup sweetened flake coconut, 1 cup chopped whole, skinned almonds], title: Toffee Crunch Cookies, picturelink: aEiudydP9OJcfBFtpSG11iMIUUA1aOe}, 44371: {instructions: Heat oil over medium heat in a medium sauce pot. Add garlic, and rice and saute for 2 minutes until rice is toasted. Add 2 14 cups water, chili seasoning and season with a pinch of salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove to a baking sheet and let cool.nIn a large bowl combine onion, yellow pepper, cooled rice, beans, vinegar and cilantro. Mix well and serve with steak., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 12 cups longgrain white rice, 2 14 cups water, 1 tablespoon chili seasoning, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 medium red onion, diced, 1 yellow pepper, diced, 1 14.5ounce can red beans, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Zesty Rice Salad, picturelink: null}, 44372: {instructions: Peel yams and cut in oneinch pieces. Place yams in cold water until all yams are peeled and cut. Drain yams. Place cut yams in deep baking dish. Add sugar, pineapple juice, orange juice, and water. Sprinkle ground cinnamon over top of yams. Cover yams and bake in 400 degree preheated oven for approximately 4050 minutes or until yams are forktender., ingredients: [4 pounds 1 yams, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup fresh pineapple juice, 1 cup fresh squeezed orange juice, 1 cup cold water], title: Candied Yams, picturelink: null}, 44373: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a baking rack on a baking sheet and set aside.nIn a large bowl combine 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon paprika and 1 teaspoon celery salt. Add the drumsticks and drizzle with the oil, then toss with the spice mixture to coat. Place the drumsticks on the rack and bake, turning the drumsticks over halfway through, until the skin is starting to crisp, 30 to 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the peppers, vinegar, hot sauce, remaining teaspoon garlic powder, remaining teaspoon paprika, remaining teaspoon celery salt and 12 teaspoon kosher salt to a blender and blend until pureed. Add the butter and puree again until wellcombined. Remove 13 cup sauce and brush it on the drumsticks.nReturn the drumsticks to the oven and bake until the sauce is thickened and the chickens juices run clear when pierced with a knife or the chicken registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer avoid touching bone, 10 minutes. Serve immediately with celery sticks, ranch dressing and the remaining Buffalo sauce., ingredients: [2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons celery salt, 8 drumsticks about 2 pounds, skin on, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 cup jarred, roasted and drained bell peppers, 2 tablespoons distilled white or apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon vinegary hot sauce, such as Franks RedHot, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened or melted, Celery sticks and ranch dressing, for serving], title: Mild Buffalo Drumsticks, picturelink: AGanqgqEqiiu6inzdALDtQhSagONZKu}, 44374: {instructions: Special equipment: a mandolinenFor the dip: Mix the yogurt, feta, lemon juice and zest, parsley, garlic and salt and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Refrigerate until ready for use.nFor the salad wrap: Cut the lettuces into small bitesize pieces. Lay a slice of cucumber on a work surface. Place a piece of each lettuce and a few sprigs of the carrots and jicama on the cucumber and roll it up tightly.nFor the presentation, arrange the rolls on a platter and serve with the yogurt dip. Enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup plain Greek yogurt, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 lemon, juice and zest, 14 cup Italian parsley, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch baby red oak lettuce, 1 bunch baby Lolla Rosa lettuce, 1 bunch frisee, 1 small carrot, peeled and julienned on a mandoline, 1 small jicama, peeled and julienned on a mandoline, 1 cucumber, peeled and sliced lengthwise to approximately 34inchby3inch pieces], title: Salad Wrap with Greek Yogurt Feta Cheese Dip, picturelink: Mt7E8byYiibY.P6O6T63.Gt1dqjNcd.}, 44375: {instructions: Place the 3 spices in a small bowl and whisk until well blended.nSpoon half of the spice mix into an 8ounce preserving jar, rap against the counter until the mixture compacts a bit. Add the remaining spice mixture and compact as before.nScrew the lid down tight, label and date the jar of spice mix, then store on a cool, dark, dry shelf. Use as recipes direct., ingredients: [34 cup ground cinnamon, 14 cup ground ginger, 1 12 tablespoons ground or freshly grated nutmeg], title: ThreeSpice Mix, picturelink: null}, 44376: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the eggplant, bell pepper, and onion into 1inch cubes. Toss them in a large bowl with the garlic, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Spread them on a baking sheet. Roast for 45 minutes, until the vegetables are lightly browned and soft, tossing once during cooking.nCool slightly.nPlace the vegetables in a food processor fitted with a steel blade, add the tomato paste, and pulse 3 or 4 times to blend. Taste for salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 medium eggplant, 2 red bell peppers, seeded, 1 red onion, peeled, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon tomato paste], title: Roasted Eggplant Spread, picturelink: null}, 44377: {instructions: For Caramel Sauce:nIn a medium saucepot combine sugar, 3 tablespoons water, and lemon juice. Heat over mediumhigh heat. When sugar turns amber in color, carefully and slowly whisk in the coconut milk. Pour caramel into a bowl that is placed in an ice bath to cool or transfer sauce to a bowl and place in refrigerator.nFor Pie:nIn a large bowl whisk together 1 cup of coconut milk, milk and pudding mix. Pour in enough caramel sauce, about 14 cup, to coat the bottom of the pie crust. Pour the filling into the crust on top of the caramel.nIn another large mixing bowl that has been chilled. Whip the heavy cream and confectioners sugar until stiff peaks form, be careful not to over beat.nSpread the whipped cream on top of the pie and refrigerate for 1 hour or until completely set. Once the pie is set, sprinkle with toasted coconut and drizzle with the remaining caramel sauce., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 cup coconut milk, 34 13.5ounce can about 1 cup coconut milk, reserve remaining for caramel sauce, 1 cup milk, 1 3.4ounce box vanilla instant pudding, 1 9inch premade store brand Graham cracker pie crust, 1 cup 12 pint heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons sweetened flake coconut, toasted, for garnish], title: Coconut Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 44378: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. A halfhour before cooking, remove steak from refrigerator.nHeat a large skillet over high heat. Pat steak dry and season generously with salt and pepper. Add oil to hot skillet and when it begins to smoke add steak. Reduce heat slightly and cook steak until browned, about 4 minutes on each side. Transfer skillet to the oven. Roast until an instantread thermometer inserted sideways into the steak registers 120 degrees F for mediumrare, about 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer steak to a cutting board and let it rest for 10 minutes. Cut steak from the bone and carve meat across the grain., ingredients: [1 12 pounds bonein Tbone steak, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil], title: Pan Seared TBone Steak, picturelink: 8556CajbMXTe2PQeW8vTs.x0d7XMe}, 44379: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nButter a 9 by 9inch glass baking dish and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the oats, sunflower seeds, almonds, and wheat germ onto a halfsheet pan. Place in the oven and toast for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.nIn the meantime, combine the honey, brown sugar, butter, extract and salt in a medium saucepan and place over medium heat. Cook until the brown sugar has completely dissolved.nOnce the oat mixture is done, remove it from the oven and reduce the heat to 300 degrees F. Immediately add the oat mixture to the liquid mixture, add the dried fruit, and stir to combine. Turn mixture out into the prepared baking dish and press down, evenly distributing the mixture in the dish and place in the oven to bake for 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool completely. Cut into squares and store in an airtight container for up to a week., ingredients: [8 ounces oldfashioned rolled oats, approximately 2 cups, 1 12 ounces raw sunflower seeds, approximately 12 cup, 3 ounces sliced almonds, approximately 1 cup, 1 12 ounces wheat germ, approximately 12 cup, 6 ounces honey, approximately 12 cup, 1 34 ounces dark brown sugar, approximately 14 cup packed, 1ounce unsalted butter, plus extra for pan, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 12 ounces chopped dried fruit, any combination of apricots, cherries or blueberries], title: Granola Bars, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 44380: {instructions: For the caper, shiitake and green onion relish: Combine the shiitakes, green onions, olives, shallots, soy sauce, capers, garlic, chile flakes, mirin and sesame oil in a bowl and refrigerate overnight.nWhen you are ready to cook, remove the relish from the refrigerator and bring it to room temperature, 20 to 30 minutes. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.nFor the seared scallops: Score the scallops on one side with 4 small cuts in a hashtag pattern . Place the scallops on a towel and dry both sides.nHeat the grapeseed oil in a skillet over high heat. Season the scallops with salt and pepper, add to the skillet and sear for 1 minute per side.nRemove the skillet from the heat, add the butter and baste the scallops to finish cooking, 1 to 2 minutes.nPlace the relish on a plate and arrange the scallops around it.nFor the salad: Combine the alfalfa sprouts, green onions, lemon juice and olive oil in a bowl. Add salt and pepper and toss to combine.nPlace the salad in the center of the scallops. Serve immediately, ingredients: [1 ounce shiitakes, sliced, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced green onion, 1 tablespoon minced mixed olives, 1 teaspoon thinly sliced shallots, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 13 teaspoon chopped capers, 13 teaspoon minced garlic, 13 teaspoon red pepper chile flakes, 13 teaspoon mirin, 13 teaspoon sesame oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces scallops U10 or 1620, cleaned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons alfalfa or broccoli sprouts, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced green onion, 13 teaspoon lemon, 13 teaspoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Seared Scallops with Caper, Shiitake and Green Onion Relish, picturelink: Uqx4krcDBrsqoFGECb7b6y3JplXbKfa}, 44381: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and grease baking sheets. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat together peanut butter and sugar until combined well. In a small bowl lightly beat egg and beat into peanut butter mixture with baking soda until combined well.nRoll level teaspoons of dough into balls and arrange about 1inch apart on baking sheets. With tines of a fork flatten balls to about 1 12 inches in diameter, making a crosshatch pattern. Bake cookies in batches in middle of oven until puffed and pale golden, about 10 minutes.nCool cookies on baking sheets for 2 minutes and transfer with a metal spatula to racks to cool completely. Cookies may be kept in an airtight container at room temperature up to 5 days., ingredients: [1 cup peanut butter creamy or chunky, 1 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon baking soda], title: MomMom Fritches Peanut Butter Cookies, picturelink: null}, 44382: {instructions: Place the ice, coffee, sugar, and syrup in a blender. Blend until the frappe is smooth. Pour into a large, tall glass. Garnish with a dollop of whipped cream or a scoop of your favorite ice cream., ingredients: [18 to 22 small ice cubes, crushed, 7 ounces doublestrength coffee, chilled see below for recipe, 2 tablespoons vanilla, hazelnut, raspberry, or other Fontana syrup, Whipped cream or ice cream for garnish], title: Starbucks Frappe, picturelink: null}, 44383: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 425 degrees F.nTrim the tops and scoop out the center and the seeds of each apple and rub the edges of the trimmed fruit with the lemon. In a medium bowl, combine the butter, cereal, sugar, and walnuts. Fill the apples with the cereal mixture. Set the apples upright in muffin tins and bake until tender and bubbly, about 20 minutes. Transfer to serving dishes, top with ice cream and serve hot., ingredients: [4 McIntosh apples, 12 lemon, 4 tablespoons butter, softened, 34 cup wholegrain cereal with dried fruit recommended: Mueslix, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 1 pint vanilla ice cream], title: Easiest Ever Baked Stuffed Apples, picturelink: 0AdeIuBM.CYmUCE2a.ehT07NMa7iw2}, 44384: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine lemon juice, chutney, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, stirring. Transfer the mixture to a blender and puree. Brush the hens with the glaze. Reheat the hens for 15 to 20 minutes in a preheated 350 degree oven., ingredients: [13 cup lemon juice, 1 8 12ounce} jar about 34 cup mango chutney, Salt and pepper, 4 preroasted Cornish Hens], title: ChutneyGlazed Cornish Hens, picturelink: null}, 44385: {instructions: Slice the potatoes lengthwise, about 14 inch thick. Stack the slices and cut lengthwise into 14inchthick sticks or cut the potatoes into fries using a french fry cutter. Place in a large bowl filled with cold water and let sit at least 1 hour, or up to 24 hours for extracrispy fries. Drain well and pat dry or spin dry in a salad spinner.nMake the gravy: Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and garlic and saute until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken and beef stock, ketchup, vinegar, peppercorns and Worcestershire sauce and bring to a boil.nMeanwhile, in a separate saucepan, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour and make a roux, stirring until slightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Whisk the stock mixture into the roux and simmer until reduced by half, about 20 minutes. Season the gravy with salt and pepper and keep warm.nLine a baking sheet with a double layer of paper towels. Heat 2 to 3 inches vegetable oil in a heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F or use a deep fryer. Fry the potatoes in small batches until whitish yellow, about 8 minutes. Remove with a strainer and drain on the paper towels. Bring the oil temperature to 375 degrees F over high heat. Fry the potatoes in batches again until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain on fresh paper towels. Salt and pepper the fries while hot. Strain the gravy.nPut the fries in shallow dishes top with the cheese curds and gravy.nPhotograph by Raymond Hom, ingredients: [6 to 8 large Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 1 shallot, minced, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups beef stock, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon whole green peppercorns, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups cheddar cheese curds], title: Poutine, picturelink: 8ZSWoXE1j7h6aXhbbQFRGCCg7brGmm}, 44386: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace a stockpot over medium heat. Coat the bottom of the pan with olive oil and saute the shallot and garlic until lightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the Swiss chard and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the chard is wilted and tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Place the cooked chard in a strainer and cool in the refrigerator until chilled. Squeeze any excess moisture from the chard before continuing.nLay out 1 sheet of phyllo dough lengthwise left to right and brush lightly with butter and season with salt and pepper. Place another sheet of phyllo on top and repeat this until there are 4 layers. Evenly cover the phyllo with slices of Swiss cheese, leaving 1 inch uncovered at the top and bottom of the sheet. Take half of the cooled chard and spread across the bottom of the phyllo sheet from side to side. Start at the bottom and carefully roll the phyllo up and around the chard like a sausage. Fold the ends of the log inward to seal. Brush the top with butter so it wont dry out and make another log with the remaining Swiss chard and phyllo dough. The logs can be made 1 day ahead and refrigerated. Place the logs on a sheet tray and bake for 15 to 20 minutes until golden and crispy. Let the rolls rest for 5 minutes and then slice using a serrated knife into 2inch pieces. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup sliced shallot, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 5 bunches Swiss chard, washed, stems removed and cut into ribbons, 1 package phyllo dough, 12 stick butter, melted, 8 to 12 slices Swiss cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Double Swiss Rolls, picturelink: null}, 44387: {instructions: In a covered pot, simmer the pears in the water for 30 to 40 minutes, until soft. Drain and reserve the liquid. When pears are cool, place them in a blender with just enough reserved liquid to make a thick puree. Heat 12 cup of the leftover pear liquid in a saucepan. Stir in 12 cup of the sugar and cook for about 5 minutes, until the sugar begins to caramelize. Add the pear puree, 12 teaspoon of the cinnamon and cloves, stirring well. Remove from heat and cool. In a small bowl, combine remaining 14 cup sugar and 12 teaspoon cinnamon. Set mixture aside.nPrepare dough: In a large bowl, combine the flour with the lard, butter and salt. Mix lightly with your fingertips until the dough forms grapesized pieces. You should still be able to see chunks of fat. Stir in the iced water. Lightly knead, handling dough as little as possible, until the dough forms a ball. Add a little more iced water if necessary. Transfer to a plastic bag and shape into a log. Seal the bag, pressing out any air, and chill 1 hour or as long as 3 days. The dough can be frozen for as long as a week. On a lightly floured board, roll out dough to 18inch thickness and cut 4inch circles. Brush the edge of each circle with the beaten egg mixture and place 2 tablespoons of the filling in the center. Fold dough over to enclose filling. Seal the edges by pressing the top to bottom with the tines of a fork. Chill for at least 30 minutes before baking. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place empanadas on a baking sheet and brush the tops with the egg wash. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. With a sharp knife, cut three small slits in the top of each for steam to escape. Bake for 30 minutes, or until dough is golden. Transfer to a cooling rack to cool slightly and serve warm with crema or blue cheese.nWhisk the cream and buttermilk together. Cover and set in a warm place a gas oven with just the heat from the pilot is fine for 8 hours. Crema may be kept in the refrigerator as long as a weeknYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [1 12 cups dried pears about 34 pound, 2 14 cups water, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 cups all purpose flour, 12 cup lard, cold, 2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, 12 teaspoon salt, About 12 cup iced water, 1 large egg, beaten, for egg wash, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup buttermilk], title: Pear Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 44388: {instructions: 1. Position a rack closest to broiler and preheat to high.n2. Brush tenderloins with oil and rub all over with five spice. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Lay pork on a broiler pan and, broil turning once, until golden and an instant read thermometer, inserted into the thickest part of meat registers about 150 degrees F. Set meat aside for 5 minutes before slicing about 13inch thick.n3. Whisk vinegar with soy sauce, mirin, lime juice, and ginger in a medium bowl. Gradually whisk in peanut and sesame oils. Toss cabbage, radicchio, scallions, and bell pepper in a large bowl with 14 cup vinaigrette. Grate apple with skin but not seeds directly into slaw, and toss again. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.n4. Slice pork and divide among 4 plates and garnish with some slaw and drizzle with remaining vinaigrette. Serve., ingredients: [2 pork tenderloins, each about 12 ounces, silver skin removed, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 teaspoons Chinese five spice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 12 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons mirin, Juice 1 lime, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated peeled fresh ginger, 1 12 teaspoons peanut oil, 1 12 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 14 head Napa cabbage, about 12 pound, thinly sliced crosswise,, 12 large head radicchio, thinly sliced, about 2 cups, 4 scallions white and green parts, thinly sliced, 1 orange or yellow bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and thinly sliced, 1 red apple, such as Macoun, Cortland, or Pink Lady], title: Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with Asian Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 44389: {instructions: For the compote: Place all compote ingredients into a medium pot. Cover and cook on low until strawberries break down and sauce thickens, about 30 minutes. If using a slow cooker, cook on high setting for 1 12 to 2 12 hours.nFor the lemon tartlets: In a large bowl, combine all tartlet ingredients, except crusts.nUsing an electric mixer beat on medium speed until creamy, about 1 minute. Spread lemon mixture into mini pie crusts. Chill in refrigerator for 2 hours or until set.nServe warm compote over chilled tartlets., ingredients: [1 10ounce bag frozen strawberries recommended: Dole, 1 10ounce bag frozen blueberries recommended: Dole, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup quick cooking tapioca, 1 12ounce jar ginger preserves recommended: Robertsons, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 cup water, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup lemon curd recommended: Dickinsons, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 2 containters about 4 ounces mini graham cracker pie crusts recommended: Keebler], title: Blueberry Strawberry Compote over Lemon Tartlets, picturelink: YOkU7fjEMelWMBmZtxVtq3uoWlwNkzC}, 44390: {instructions: Combine the blackberries, blueberries, sugar and lemon juice in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil to dissolve the sugar, smashing the berries with a potato masher to break them down and release their juices. Simmer to reduce and thicken the jam, about 20 minutes. Let cool., ingredients: [1 cup blackberries, 1 cup blueberries, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Berry Jam Doughnut Filling, picturelink: null}, 44391: {instructions: Shuck corn, reserving a dozen or so large husks. Wash husks and lay flat in a dish of water to keep moist. Remove silks from corn and cut corn off cobs deeply. A corn cutter can be used, but I stand each ear upright in a large shallow bowl and cut from top to bottom with a sharp knife. The corn can be chopped in a food processor, blender, or food grinder  or with a metate, a three legged grinding stone that still is in use in the Southwest and Mexico. Grind the corn until it is doughy, though small pieces of fiber will remain. Season with salt and butter. Stir in enough corn meal to form a dough that holds its shape when pressed in the hand. If too crumbly, add more butter or a little water.nLine a well greased 2 quart baking dish with corn husks, letting ends extend above rim. Spread a thin layer of the corn mixture over husks to anchor them. Sprinkle cheese over corn, then distribute chiles evenly in baking dish. Cover with remaining corn dough, fold husks over tamale, and press into top. Press additional husks into tamale. Preheat oven to 350 degrees and bake until firm but not dry, about 45 minutes. If top dries out before tamale is set, cover with foil. Serve hot with barbecued meat or beans., ingredients: [10 ears fresh corn, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 stick butter, melted, 1 cup corn meal, or as needed, 12 pound Cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese, coarsely shredded, One fourounce can whole green chiles, drained and cut in strips, Serving suggestion: Barbecued meat or beans], title: Green Corn Tamale, picturelink: null}, 44392: {instructions: Slice bread in half, across the middle. Layer the meats and cheeses on to the bottom half of the bread. Add some chopped piccalilli and olive mixture. Top with the pickled onions, drizzle with olive oil and red wine vinegar, and add the radish sprouts.nCut into large sandwiches and serve.nPrepare vegetables, add 12cup salt, and allow to sit overnight in the refrigerator. Drain vegetables and place in heatproof bowl. Place remaining ingredients in saucepan and heat to boil. Pour over vegetables and allow to cool. Refrigerate and serve as needed, keeps for about 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 large round Italian loaf, Thinly sliced Genoa salami, baked ham, mortadella or bologna, Thinly sliced provolone or Swiss cheese, Piccalilli, chopped, recipe follows, 1 cup mixed olives, pitted and mixed with 2 chopped cloves garlic, oregano, and parsley, Sliced red onions, pickled in lemon juice for 2 hours, Extravirgin olive oil, Red wine vinegar, Radish sprouts, 1 pound green tomatoes, sliced into 12 moons, 1 green bell pepper, julienned, 2 medium zucchini, sliced into 12 moons, 1 yellow onion, cut in 12 and thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno, julienned, 12 cup salt, 12 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 2 bay leaves, 14 teaspoon whole cloves, 12 teaspoon whole black pepper, 2 tablespoons salt], title: Muffeleta, picturelink: null}, 44393: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine parsley, thyme, sesame seeds, lemon zest, and fennel fronds. Season scallops with salt and pepper. Roll the sides of the scallops in herb mix. Coat a cast iron skillet or a nonstick pan with olive oil, about 2 tablespoons. Place scallops in hot skillet and sear about 2 minutes per side until the scallops are opaque and firm.nOrange and Fennel Salad:nPlace the orange supremes and fennel into a bowl. Zest and juice the lemon over the orange and fennel. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Toss gently and place onto serving plates.nPlace seared scallops on top., ingredients: [3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 6 sprigs, 6 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 head fennel, thinly sliced, plus fronds, 12 sea scallops, pat dry, check to make sure the foot has been removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 navel orange, supremed, 12 lemon, zested and juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Herb and Sesame Scallops with Orange and Fennel Salad, picturelink: MVwHmOiLfTJnztIavHxb80adpPXdia}, 44394: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nIf using crescent rolls: Unroll dough separate dough into 2 long rectangles. Place in ungreased 13x9inch pan press over bottom and 12 inch up sides to form crust. Firmly press perforations to seal. If using dough sheet: Unroll dough cut into 2 long rectangles. Place in ungreased 13x9inch pan press over bottom and 12 inch up sides to form crust.nBake 8 minutes. Meanwhile, in medium bowl, mix filling ingredients. Pour filling over partially baked crust.nBake 18 to 22 minutes longer or until golden brown. Cool completely, about 1 hour. For bars, cut into 6 rows by 4 rows. Store at room temperature., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz PillsburyR refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz PillsburyR, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup corn syrup, 1 tablespoon butter or margarine, melted, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1 egg, beaten], title: Quick Crescent Pecan Pie Bars, picturelink: null}, 44395: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 to 16 12pint canning jars with lidsnCombine all ingredients in a large saucepan. Cook until pears are tender and mixture thickens, approximately 30 minutes. Transfer to sterilized jars and seal while still hot. See Disclaimer, ingredients: [1 20ounce can crushed pineapple with syrup, 16 cups about 6 pounds peeled, cored, and chopped pears, 10 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Pear Honey, picturelink: null}, 44396: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Muffin tin and muffin linersnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together strawberries and 2 tablespoons sugar. Let sit 15 minutes until strawberries give off juices.nIn a small bowl, mix together flour, cinnamon, baking soda, nutmeg and salt.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the mashed banana, eggs, oil, 1 cup sugar, strawberries, and lemon zest.nMix the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients until combined. Do not over mix. Fold in blueberries and walnuts.nScoop batter evenly into muffin cups. Bake until a toothpick inserted in center of muffin comes out with a few crumbs but not wet, about 30 minutes. Cool on a rack to room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup strawberries, chopped, 1 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Pinch ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 ripe banana, mashed, 2 large eggs, 14 cup canola oil, 1 lemon, zested, 12 pint blueberries, 1 cup chopped walnuts], title: Sunny Morning Muffins, picturelink: 00AqwcoJSpB.KJ7YkvIziTfsUDFruXa}, 44397: {instructions: Add the blackberries to a bowl, sprinkle over the granulated sugar and blackberry liqueur and let steep 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the cream and powdered sugar to the bowl of a mixer and whip to soft peaks. Mash the blackberries with a fork, and then fold them into the cream.nSpoon the fool into individual glasses. Crush some ladyfingers on top. Top each with a sprig of mint and a whole blackberry, ingredients: [2 pints blackberries hold 6 blackberries back for topping, 14 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons blackberry liqueur, 2 cups 1 pint heavy cream, 14 cup powdered sugar, 6 ladyfingers, 6 sprigs fresh mint, to decorate], title: Blackberry Fool, picturelink: D2uMCJ89NrSxxQV4MaYT3RlLN0EqYG}, 44398: {instructions: Make the Spiced Pound Cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPrepare a bundt pan with an even coating of shortening and flour. Place chopped pecans evenly in the bottom of the bundt pan.nIn the bowl of a mixer, cream butter and sugars together, beating until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add vanilla, cinnamon, allspice, cloves, and ginger. Sift together flour, baking soda, and salt add flour mixture to egg mixture alternating the buttermilk, and beginning and ending with the flour. Pour into prepared bundt pan and bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Cool in the pan for 15 minutes, turn out onto wire rack to cool partially, and then place on a cake plate.nMake the Orange Rum Glaze: Stir together the sugar, cornstarch, and salt in small saucepan. Add juice and water mixture, zest, and rum. Cook over medium heat until bubbly, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and add butter and vanilla stir. Pour approximately half of the glaze over the warm cake. Reserve remaining glaze for serving with the cake.nMake the Chocolate Sauce: Place corn syrup and chocolate in a microwavesafe container. Microwave for 1 minute on high and then stir to melt chocolate. Add butter and vanilla and whisk until chocolate is thoroughly combined. Drizzle over cooled cake and serve., ingredients: [Shortening, for greasing pan, Flour, for pan, 12 cup chopped pecans, 1 12 cups butter, softened, 1 12 cups packed brown sugar, 1 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 3 12 cups cake flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Pinch salt, 1 medium orange, juiced and strained, combined with water to yield 1 cup, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 14 cup rum, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup clear corn syrup, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Spiced Pound Cake with Orange Rum Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44399: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Holiday Treats: 50 Cookies, picturelink: null}}