{44400: {instructions: To prepare the chicken, season the flour with salt and pepper. Slice the chicken breasts to 14inchthick medallions. Coat with the flour and tap off any excess.nNext, in a saucepan over medium heat, add enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan and allow to warm. After warming, add the chicken and cook until browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and repeat the process. After cooking all the chicken, hold warm covered on a plate. Add the marsala to the pan over mediumhigh heat. This will deglaze the pan. After deglazing, reduce the wine by threefourths volume so 2 ounces remain. Then add the mushrooms. Stir the mushrooms, scraping the sides, then finish with the veal stock. Allow the stock to warm and thicken for 4 to 5 minutes, and then remove from the heat. Stir in the butter and finish by spooning over the cooked chicken. Garnish with fresh herbs or cheese if desired., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds chicken breasts, Grapeseed oil, for cooking, 34 cup marsala wine, 1 cup veal or beef stock, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, 12 cup 14inchthick sliced mushrooms, Fresh herbs such as chives or grated cheese, for garnish, optional], title: Chicken Marsala, picturelink: null}, 44401: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are very tender, 20 to 25 minutes.nIn a small saucepan, combine the cream and garlic and bring to a simmer over low heat. Turn off the heat and let steep.nWhen the potatoes are done, press them through a potato ricer into a large bowl. Add the butter and slowly fold in the garlicinfused cream. Taste and add salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTransfer the potatoes into 2 ovenproof ramekins or small bowls. Top each with the cheeses and paprika. Bake until the cheese is melted and bubbly, 10 to 15 minutes. Top each serving with the bacon and chives and serve hot., ingredients: [3 large potatoes, peeled and quartered, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 12 cup shredded fontina cheese, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 4 slices bacon, cooked crispy and chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: Twice Baked Potatoes with Cheese and Bacon, picturelink: j7gWfrsLcoUDi.Ez3om0jG5hbPKSjZG}, 44402: {instructions: Optional changes: citron vodka, a splash of seltzer, a sprig of mintnCombine all the liquid ingredients in a large pitcher and stir to combine well. Serve in icefilled glasses and garnished with mint sprigs.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups good vodka recommended: Belvedere, Grey Goose, 2 cups iced tea recommended: Pom Iced Tea, 2 cups lemonade lemon juice and sugar in a 4:3 ratio, plus water, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: The JD, picturelink: null}, 44403: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat the olive oil then add the scallions and saute for 2 minutes. Add the garlic and when fragrant, add the vinegar. Let reduce until almost dry. Pour in the wine and let reduce until half remains. Add the evaporated milk and the cornstarch mixture.nRemove from the heat as soon as it boils. Add the chives and adjust the seasoning with salt and white pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 5 scallions, thinly sliced, white part only, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh garlic, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 12 cup chardonnay or other full bodied dry white wine, 12 cup evaporated skim milk, 1 teaspoon cornstarch mixed with 1 tablespoon water, 6 chives, snipped, Salt and ground white pepper to taste.], title: Chive and Scallion Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44404: {instructions: For the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor. Add a third of the butter and process until combined. Add the remaining butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal, about 3 times. Add the vinegar and pulse again twice. Gradually pour in 13 cup ice water, pulsing about 4 times until combined. Turn onto a clean surface and press into a cohesive dough without overworking you should see bits of butter. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and press into a 1inchthick disk. Refrigerate at least 1 hour before rolling out.nFor the filling: Simmer 3 cups of the blueberries with 12 cup of the light brown sugar and 2 tablespoons water until the mixture reduces by half, about 20 minutes. Pour into a bowl and stir in the remaining 4 cups blueberries, the remaining 12 cup light brown sugar, the tapioca, sambuca, lemon juice, vanilla, cinnamon and salt. Let cool completely.nFor the assembly: Divide the chilled dough in half and put 1 piece back in the refrigerator. Roll the other piece into a 12inchround, 18inchthick circle on a lightly floured surface. Roll the dough onto a rolling pin, then unroll it into a 9inch glass pie plate, letting it hang over the edge. Add the filling and dot the top with the butter. Roll out the other piece of dough and place over the filling. Press the crust edges together and trim, leaving a 1inch overhang. Roll up or pinch the overhang to seal.nWrap an oiled, wide band of foil around the pie edge to protect the crust. Make 5 small slashes in the top of the crust from the center out, to make a star similar to a star anise. Chill for 30 minutes.nPlace a foillined baking sheet on a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F.nWhen the pie is chilled, reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F, put the pie on the baking sheet and bake for 30 minutes. Remove the foil band and continue to bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Cool completely before slicing., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 sticks cold unsalted butter, diced, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 7 cups blueberries, 1 cup light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons quickcooking tapioca, 2 tablespoons sambuca, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Vegetable oil, for oiling foil band], title: Blueberry Sambuca Pie, picturelink: null}, 44405: {instructions: To make the roux: In a heavy skillet, combine equal parts oil with flour and cook over medium heat stirring constantly until dark brown in color. Immediately remove from heat. Roux will continue to cook, stir occasionally.nTo make the Shrimp Gumbo: Over medium heat in a large stockpot, bring chicken with enough water to cover it to a boil and create a broth. Remove chicken from pot and discard. Melt butter into chicken broth, then add tomatoes, okra, peppers, celery, and onions. Next add salt, black pepper, garlic powder, Cajun seasoning, Old Bay seasoning, and hot sauce, to taste. Add additional water to cover gumbo. Cover and simmer on low heat for 2 hours. Add shrimp boil to pot and continue to simmer for an additional 1 hour. Add the shrimp and roux and simmer for another hour, for a total of 4 hours cooking time, or to the thickness desired.nServe over rice., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 whole chicken, cut into pieces, 2 sticks butter or bacon grease, 3 gallons tomatoes, crushed, 2 gallons sliced okra, 8 bell peppers, chopped, 1 gallon chopped celery, 1 12 gallons chopped onions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Garlic powder, Cajun seasoning, Old Bay seasoning, Hot sauce recommended: Louisiana, 1 package shrimp boil, 12 pounds small shrimp, peeled or big shrimp, cut in pieces], title: Shrimp Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 44406: {instructions: Preheat a grill or a griddle. Divide the ground beef to 4 4ounce patties. Each portion of the beef should be hand patted. Cook on the grill or griddle until the meat is done to your liking. Season with garlic salt and black pepper. Toast the bun on the grill or griddle and dress it up with mustard, mayonnaise, and ketchup. Put the vegetables and cheese over burger., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, Garlic salt and black pepper, 4 hamburger buns, Mustard, Mayonnaise, Ketchup, 1 whole tomato, sliced, 12 onion, sliced, Dill pickles, as many as desired, 1 head lettuce, shredded, 4 slices American or Swiss cheese], title: Fat Mos Hamburger, picturelink: null}, 44407: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 3 to 4 cups apple wood chips you can use hickory, pecan, sweet maple, or cherry, but it wont taste as sweetnPrepping the meat: There is a skinlike membrane on the back of the ribs. The easiest way to remove it is to start in the middle of the rack and work a table knife or a screwdriver underneath the skin, going all the way across and teasing it up. Slide your forefinger in there and bring your thumb across, holding the rib down and pulling the membrane straight up. Itll peel from the middle.nOnce you start cooking the ribs, you cant leave the pit or grill unattended for any more than about 20 minutes. Youll need to continually check that the temperature remains between 250 and 275 degrees F at all times in the grill. If it gets too hot, shut the top and bottom drafts to smother the fire. If some of the coals appear to be glowing red, that will cause a hot spot. Dont cook the ribs directly over the hot spot, move them to a different, cooler, part of the grill. If the temperature dips too low, move the ribs to a hot spot for a while and add some hot coals.nSprinkle ribs liberally with Magic Dust, coating both sides. Put them in a shallow pan or on a cookie sheet and cover them with clear plastic wrap or a lid. Refrigerate them until youre ready to use them. I recommend letting them marinate for at least 1 hour. At the restaurant we dust the ribs up to a day in advance.nPlace ribs on grill and cook for 1 12 to 2 hours. About 10 minutes before you remove the ribs from the grill, mop them with sauce. When you take them off the grill, mop again with sauce and sprinkle some more Magic Dust on them. Serve immediately. Serves 4 very hungry people or you can cut the rack in half to serve 6 to 8 people who have a regular appetite.nMix all ingredients and store in a tightly covered container. Youll want to keep some in a shaker next to the smoker, grill, or stove. Keeps indefinitely but wont last long.nCombine the ketchup, rice vinegar, apple juice or cider, cider vinegar, brown sugar, soy sauce or Worcestershire sauce, mustard, garlic powder, white pepper, cayenne, and bacon bits in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the apple, onion, and bell pepper. Reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, 10 to 15 minutes or until it thickens slightly. Stir it often. Allow to cool, then pour into sterilized glass bottles. A clean glass jar that used to contain mayonnaise or juice works real well. Refrigerate for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [Four 2 14 to 2 12pound racks center cut beef ribs, Magic Dust dry rub, recipe follows, Apple City Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 4 cups apple juice in a spray bottle, 12 cup paprika, 14 cup kosher salt, finely ground, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup powdered mustard, 14 cup chili powder, 14 cup ground cumin, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 14 cup granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 1 cup ketchup, 23 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 12 cup apple juice or cider, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 14 cup soy sauce or Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons prepared yellow mustard, 34 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 13 cup bacon bits, ground in a spice grinder, 13 cup peeled and grated apple, 13 cup grated onion, 2 teaspoons grated green bell pepper], title: Mike Mills Beef Ribs, picturelink: oI9DIIv1zC9T.CtcWsbe7lMCL0cPKJu}, 44408: {instructions: Pile the rosemary on a cutting board and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar finely chop, then transfer to a medium bowl. Add the coconut, the remaining 13 cup sugar, the lemon zest, vanilla and salt. Use your fingers to rub and toss the mixture until thoroughly combined. Let sit at room temperature, 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nWhisk the egg whites in a medium bowl until frothy. Fold into the coconut mixture with a rubber spatula until combined.nDrop tablespoonfuls of the mixture about 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. With damp fingers, form each mound into a cone shape. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the edges are golden and the macaroons are dry, 16 to 20 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large egg whites], title: LemonRosemary Macaroons, picturelink: FljQAtY4oK885T4jgcu33HWth1l.gu}, 44409: {instructions: For the shaken beef: Place the beef in a bowl with the garlic, onion, liquid seasoning, sugar, fish sauce and pepper and mix well. Heat a large heavybottom pan over mediumhigh until very hot. Add the butter or oil. Add the beef cubes shaking the pan to coat the meat with the butter or oil. Cook, turning the meat with tongs until browned and seared on the outside but still pink in the center, 3 to 4 minutes or cook to desired doneness. Add the Cognac and toss the beef before removing from the heat.nFor the watercress salad: Lightly roast the shallots in a dry saute pan over medium heat until light browned and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Whisk together the rice vinegar, garlic, fish sauce and honey in a bowl. Lightly toss the watercress and shallots with the dressing. Season with pepper.nArrange the sliced tomatoes on plates to make a decorative base. Arrange the watercress around or on top of the tomato slices. Place the beef in a mound on top of the tomatoes and watercress and serve with the rice., ingredients: [1 pound beef tenderloin, cut into bitesized cubes, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoon liquid seasoning such as Maggi, or soy sauce plus 12 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 tablespoons palm sugar or brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons clarified butter or vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon Cognac preferably Courvoisier, 2 ounces shallots, about 4 mediumsized, sliced, 13 cup rice vinegar, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 cups watercress, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 vineripened tomatoes, sliced, Jasmine or white rice, for serving], title: Shaken Beef, picturelink: null}, 44410: {instructions: For the cream cheese: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the cream cheese, chervil, salt and lemon zest, mixing well. Adjust seasoning to your preference. Set aside.nFor the onions: Place the butter, onions and a pinch of salt and pepper in a heavy duty pot over medium to low heat, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon as the onions tend to stick. Cook until amber brown, about 30 minutes, adding water as needed to pick up the browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Remove from the heat.nPlace the cucumbers and dill in a glass bowl. In a small saucepan combine 12 cup water, the vinegar, sugar and salt. Bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat and pour over the cucumbers. Let cool to room temperature, 15 to 20 minutes. Once cool, store in the fridge in an airtight container.nFor the sandwich build: Spread a healthy amount of the prepared cream cheese on the toasted bagels. Top each with 4 to 5 slices of lovely lox, the caramelized onions and a few of the marinated cucumbers, and serve the rest of the cucumbers on the sideu00bfand you are killin it, ingredients: [8 ounces softened cream cheese, 2 tablespoons fresh chervil, lightly chopped, 1 teaspoon smoked sea salt, 1 lemon, zested, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 Spanish onions, sliced 12inch thick, Kosher salt and fresh ground pepper, 1 English cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 cup white vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 everything bagels, toasted, 1 pound smoked salmon, thinly sliced], title: Smoked Salmon Loxwich, picturelink: s2dNw0droPl7ArI8.u58i4CeFYP8cy}, 44411: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add half of the extravirgin olive oil and brown chicken breasts or thighs for 3 or 4 minutes on each side. Remove chicken from pan and season with salt and pepper.nReturn pan to stove, reduce heat to medium and add the remaining. Add crushed pepper, sliced mushrooms, and garlic. Season with salt salt is a magnet for drawing out liquid. Cover and cook mushrooms 5 minutes or until mushrooms are dark, tender and have given off their juices. Add about 12 cup of beef broth to intensify the wild mushroom flavor, then stir in the tomatoes and parsley. Cut the chicken into bitesize chunks or slices and add to sauce. Simmer sauce 5 minutes to finish cooking chicken pieces and to allow the flavors to combine. Toss pasta with cacciatore and serve with crusty bread and grated cheese.nTidbits: Beef broth and stock is now available in resealable paper containers, which can be found on the soup aisle of your market. These paper containers make storage of remaining broth easier keep some on hand in your refrigerator. Beef broth is used instead of chicken broth in this recipe because it pairs better with the beefy taste of portobello mushrooms. The broth will make your cacciatore taste as if it simmered all day because it accents the mushroom taste well.nDepending on your brand, 1 large can of tomatoes can vary in weight from 28 to 32 ounces. Use your favorite, but check to make sure the product is sugar free., ingredients: [1 14 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast 3 pieces or, 1 package boneless, skinless chicken thighs, if you prefer dark meat, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 portobello mushroom caps, halved crosswise and thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, crushed and minced, 12 cup beef broth or stock, 1 28ounces can crushed tomatoes, A handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 pound egg ribbons or egg fettuccini, cooked to al dente, Crusty bread and grated Parmigiano or Romano, for passing], title: Quick Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: HsjGfqzOu6zefbpyoeLCdM3bF48HEJG}, 44412: {instructions: In a large skillet, melt butter over high heat. Add rhubarb and sugar. Cook, stirring, until tender, 4 to 6 minutes. Serve over ice cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 cups rhubarb, thinly sliced, 12 cup sugar, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Sauteed Rhubarb with Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 44413: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine salsa, cilantro, scallion, and Southwestern marinade mix. Set aside.nWorking in batches, pour a single layer of chips on baking sheet. Very lightly coat with vegetable oil spray. Lightly sprinkle with taco seasoning. Bake for 5 minutes. Repeat until all chips are seasoned.nServe chips on a large platter with a bowl of the Southwestern Salsa., ingredients: [1 24ounce jar chunky salsa, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 3 scallions, white and green parts, chopped, 2 teaspoons Southwestern dry marinade mix from a packet, 1 18ounce bag restaurantstyle tortilla chips, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 1.25ounce packet TexMex taco seasoning], title: Southwestern Salsa and Spicy Corn Chips, picturelink: null}, 44414: {instructions: Place penne in a large pot of rapidly boiling, salted water. When pasta is about 2 minutes from being done, add the asparagus and peas and cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until the pasta and asparagus are cooked. Reserve 1 cup of cooking liquid. Drain pasta and return to the pot. Place the pot over low heat.nTo the pasta and veggies, add only as much water as is necessary to create a nice sauce. Cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat and add the garlic, cheese, olive oil, and oregano and toss to combine. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound penne rigate, 1 bunch asparagus, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 cups fresh shelled peas, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup loosely packed, freshly grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh, chopped oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pasta with Asparagus and Peas, picturelink: null}, 44415: {instructions: 1. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven set over medium heat. Add the onion and crushed red pepper flakes and cook until the onions begin to soften, 5 minutes. Meanwhile, tie the parsley sprigs, lemon zest, and fennel tops together. Add the herb bundle, broth, 2 cups of water, and, if using, the cheese rind. Bring to a very gentle simmer and simmer until the chicken is just cooked through, about 8 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board and set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones in large strips, and set aside.n2. Meanwhile, add the sliced fennel, carrots, and celery to the broth and season with salt, to taste. Continue to simmer until the vegetables are just tender, 5 minutes. Stir in the noodles and cook until just al dente, about 5 minutes. Stir in the reserved chicken, baby spinach, and Parmesan until the chicken is heated through and the spinach is wilted. Discard the herb bundle and cheese rind. Stir in lemon juice, to taste. Ladle the soup into serving bowls and serve with additional Parmesan for passing., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 6 whole sprigs, plus 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley, 6 3inch strips lemon zest, cut from 1 lemon, 1 small head fennel, thinly sliced 2 cups, fennel tops reserved, 1 12 pounds bonein chicken breasts, skin removed, 8 cups lowsodium chicken broth, A 23 inch piece Parmesan rind, optional, 2 carrots, sliced 1 cup, 2 stalks celery, sliced 1 cup, Kosher salt, 2 cups, wholewheat extrawide noodle style pasta, 2 34 ounces recommended: Ronzoni Healthy Harvest recommend just using 2 34 ounce weight, 3 cups baby spinach, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, plus extra for passing, Lemon juice], title: Hearty Italian Chicken and Vegetable Soup, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 44416: {instructions: For Orange Peanut Dressing: COMBINE marmalade, peanut butter, salad dressing, sour cream and curry powder in a mixing bowl until well blended.nFor Turkey Salad: ADD carrots, cranberries, turkey and apples to Orange Peanut Dressing in mixing bowl stir well to combine. At this point salad can be made ahead and held overnight in the refrigerator.nTo serve: FORM a lettuce cup using one or two lettuce leaves place on salad plate. Fill with 12 cup turkey salad. Repeat to make 5 servings., ingredients: [1 10.25 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Sweet Orange Low Sugar Marmalade, 1 cup, 13 cup Smuckers Chunky Natural Peanut Butter, stirred, 14 cup light salad dressing, 14 cup lowfat sour cream, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 1 cup prepared juliennecut carrots, 12 cup dried cranberries, 1 pound fully cooked smoked turkey from deli, sliced 12inch thick, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 cup diced Granny Smith apples, 1 head Boston or Bibb lettuce, with leaves separated], title: Turkey Salad with Orange Peanut Dressing, picturelink: gltVMUOf54yNP08DSABSv7mTWlM2q0m}, 44417: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a saucepan over low heat, add the cream, the scraped vanilla bean and the seeds or extract and 12 cup of sugar. Whisk to combine. Bring the cream to a boil. While the cream is coming to a boil, whisk the yolks and 12 cup sugar together until they are a homogeneous mixture. When the cream comes to a boil, remove it from the heat and whisk in 13 of the egg yolk mixture, then immediately whisk in the remaining egg mixture. This is called tempering, it allows you to combine hot cream and eggs without making scrambled eggs. Its kinda fun Reserve this mixture until you are ready to assemble the pudding.nTo assemble the pudding:nButter 1 side of the slices of bread and cut them into triangles. Butter an 8 by 8inch square baking dish and put a layer of bread points, overlapping, in the bottom of the dish. Strain the raisins reserving the whiskey. Sprinkle half of the whiskey soaked raisins on top of the bread layer. Pour half of the creamegg mixture over the bread and raisins. Repeat this process with the bread and raisins and finally finish with bread. Pour the remaining creamegg mixture into the dish. Press down gently on the whole thing to compress and really compact the pudding. If all of the cream mixture doesnt fit into the pan, wait 10 to 15 minutes and then try again. The bread may need a little while to absorb all the cream. MMMMM dont skimp on this step.nSet the bread pudding dish inside a 9 by 13inch baking dish or roasting pan and add hot water until it reaches 12 to 23 of the way up the sides of the pudding dish. Cover the whole thing with aluminum foil and bake in the preheated oven until the custard has set, about 1 hour.nRemove the pudding from the water bath and let it cool for 10 minutes. Sprinkle the top of the custard with the remaining 12 cup sugar in a thin even layer. Put the pudding under the broiler or use a blow torch This is REALLY fun to crystallize the sugar on the top of the pudding. A little bit crusty and burnt and sweeeeeeet YuuuuuummmY Serve with the whiskey tea sauce.nTo make the sauce:nWhile the pudding is baking, combine all the ingredients and the reserved Irish whiskey in a small saucepan and let steep for 15 minutes. Discard the tea bags and the lemon half. Bring the sauce to a boil and then lower the heat and simmer until the liquid has reduced by half. Taste, the sauce should be very pungent, sweet and spicy cinnamon and clovenot spicy hot and a perfect accompaniment to the creamy sweet pudding.nMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.MMM, ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup sugar, plus 12 cup for the topping, 8 egg yolks, 12 slices tight crumb white bread recommended: Pepperidge Farm crusts removed, 1 stick butter, room temperature, 34 cup golden raisins, soaked in 34 cup Irish whiskey, 4 tea bags, 4 cups boiling water, 34 cup Irish whiskey reserved from pudding, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 cloves, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Bread and Butter Pudding, picturelink: YJXAQqdeyryXPWrLjPVa.4xclev6hy}, 44418: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish.nIn a large skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Add cream of mushroom soup and onion and cook for 2 minutes, Stir in sherry, fontina cheese and chicken. Cook until cheese is melted.nSpoon 14 cup chicken mixture down center 13 of each crepe. Place 2 asparagus spears over chicken mixture. Fold edges of crepe over filling, and place, seam side up, in prepared baking dish. Sprinkle 12 cup Swiss cheese over crepes. Bake for 10 minutes, or until cheese is melted and crepes are hot.nIn a medium bowl, combine flour and salt. In another medium bowl, whisk together milk, egg, egg yolk, and butter. Gradually add flour mixture to milk mixture, whisking until smooth.nHeat an 8inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Spoon 2 12 tablespoons of batter into skillet cook for 30 to 45 seconds. Loosen crepe with a spatula, and carefully turn over. Cook for 30 to 45 seconds transfer to plate. Repeat procedure with remaining batter, stacking crepes on a plate.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 can cream of mushroom soup, 12 small onion, chopped, 18 cup dry sherry, 14 cup shredded fontina cheese, 1 cup chopped cooked chicken, 8 asparagus spears, steamed until crisptender, Savory Crepes, recipe follows, 12 cup shredded Swiss cheese, 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups milk, 1 large eggs, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoons butter, melted], title: Chicken and Asparagus Crepes, picturelink: uFGGW2RM1DKM1wVnTk43k4L704td8QC}, 44419: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the toasted pita chips: Combine the cumin, zaatar, chile powder and granulated garlic in a small bowl. Brush the pitas on both sides with the olive oil cut each pita into 8 triangles. Toss the pita wedges in the spice mixture until fully coated, then spread them out on a baking sheet. Toast in the oven until golden brown and crispy, 14 to 16 minutes. Let cool on a papertowellined plate.nFor the white beantahini puree: Lay the anchovies on a small baking sheet and place in the oven for 6 to 8 minutes.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, garlic, cannellini beans and roasted anchovies. Cook, stirring often, for 4 to 6 minutes transfer to a food processor along with the tahini, chicken stock, salt, red pepper flakes, black pepper and lemon juice and zest. Process until smooth and creamy. Transfer the puree to a bowl and garnish with the chives. Serve immediately with the toasted pita chips., ingredients: [2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons zaatar, 1 teaspoon chile powder, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 4 pitas, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 white anchovy fillets, drained, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, One 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup tahini paste, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 to 4 turns fresh ground black pepper, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 14 cup minced fresh chives], title: White BeanTahini Puree with Toasted Pitas, picturelink: B9rLUQkm529om213ypLkdVTiMe7r6L6}, 44420: {instructions: Place the basil, parsley, cheese, mint, pine nuts, thyme, garlic and lemon juice in a food processor and season with salt and pepper. Turn the processor on and add the EVOO in a slow stream, blending until a thick sauce forms. Transfer to a large bowl.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook for 6 minutes. Add the potatoes and cook for 1 more minute. Add the haricots verts and cook until the pasta is al dente, 2 to 3 more minutes. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water and add it to the pesto. Drain the pasta, then add it to the bowl with the pesto and toss to coat., ingredients: [1 cup fresh basil leaves, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 13 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 14 cup pine nuts, About 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 cloves garlic, grated or made into a paste, Juice of 12 lemon, Salt and freshly ground pepper, About 12 cup EVOO, 1 pound penne pasta, 1 small russet potato, peeled and diced into 14inch cubes, 13 pound haricots verts, trimmed and cut into thirds], title: Mixed Herb Pesto Penne, picturelink: X2wPLdvG5S3j09A8M68Sp07.u9IYY2}, 44421: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, melt the chocolate with the butter, stirring occasionally. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs and both sugars. Stir in the melted chocolate and butter. Stir in the vanilla.nIn a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, and cinnamon. Stir the flour mixture into the chocolate mixture until well combined.nGrease a 13 by 9inch pan with nonstick cooking spray or the tablespoon of butter. Pour the batter into the pan and bake for 30 to 40 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Let the brownies cool to room temperature before cutting into 3inch squares., ingredients: [1 12 pounds goodquality bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons 2 14 sticks unsalted butter, 6 large eggs, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Nonstick cooking spray or 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, to grease the pan], title: Bittersweet Beachside Brownies, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 44422: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a deepfry thermometernFor the fried chicken: Thoroughly rinse the chicken, then cover all the pieces with 1 34 cups of buttermilk. Soak in the fridge overnight or up to 24 hours.nWhen youre ready to fry the chicken, remove the bowl from the fridge and let it sit on the counter for 30 minutes to take off the chill.nIn the meantime, preheat the oven to 360 degrees F and mix the breading. Put the flour, seasoned salt, paprika, pepper, thyme and cayenne extra cayenne if you like heat in a very large bowl and stir together well.nIn a small bowl, combine the milk and remaining 14 cup buttermilk. Pour into the flour mixture and, with a fork, gradually mix until there are little lumps throughout. This will adhere to the chicken and make for a crispier breading. If necessary, add a little more flour or milk to the bowl in order to make it slightly lumpy.nHeat 1 12 to 2 inches of vegetable oil in a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 365 degrees F. Lower the heat slightly, if necessary, to keep the oil from getting hotter.nWorking in batches, thoroughly coat each chicken piece with the breading, pressing extra breading onto the chicken if necessary. Place the breaded pieces on a plate.nAdd the chicken to the oil 3 or 4 pieces at a time. Make sure they arent sticking together, then cover the skillet and fry for 5 to 7 minutes, checking occasionally to make sure the chicken isnt getting too brown. Turn the pieces over, cover again and cook 3 to 5 minutes more. All the while, monitor the temperature of the oil to make sure the chicken doesnt burn. Transfer the fried chicken pieces to a baking sheet they will not be completely cooked through and continue frying the rest of the chicken.nBake the thighs for 15 minutes to finish the cooking process. Sometimes Ill cut into the thicker part of one of the larger pieces, just to make sure the chicken is cooked through. If any pink juice or meat is visible, the chicken needs to continue cooking in the oven. Cover and keep warm.nFor the waffles: Preheat the waffle iron to the regular setting. Sift together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a bowl.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the milk, vanilla and 2 egg yolks. Pour over the dry ingredients and very gently stir until halfway combined. Pour in the melted butter and chopped jalapenos and continue mixing very gently until combined.nIn a separate bowl or using a mixer, beat the 4 egg whites with a whisk until stiff. Slowly fold them into the batter, stopping short of mixing them all the way through.nScoop the batter into your waffle iron in batches and cook according to the manufacturers directions lean toward being a little deep golden and crisp. Keep warm.nFor the sauce: Pour the pancake syrup and bourbon in a small pot and bring to a boil. Turn down the heat and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Turn off the heat and whisk in the butter 1 tablespoon at a time, then the cayenne.nTo serve: Place 2 chicken thighs on top of a waffle. Pour the warm sauce over everything and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 boneless, skinon chicken thighs, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more if needed, 1 tablespoon seasoned salt, such as Lawrys, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground dried thyme, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, plus more if needed, 14 cup milk, plus more if needed, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups milk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 4 large egg whites plus 2 large egg yolks, 8 tablespoons 1 stick salted butter, melted, 1 to 2 jalapenos, chopped, 1 cup pancake syrup, 14 cup bourbon, 4 tablespoons 12 stick salted butter, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Chicken and Waffles, picturelink: rEFj5cPs55zAhRmm6u7B6lRI8MGpMeG}, 44423: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the pineapple, mango, powdered sugar, ice, tequila, orange juice, guava juice and grenadine into a blender and process until smooth. Garnish with pineapple, a swirl of grenadine, a cherry and an umbrella, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup pineapple chunks, fresh or frozen, plus more for garnish, 12 cup mango, fresh or frozen, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, 2 cups ice, 4 ounces 12 cup tequila blanco, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 2 ounces guava juice, 1 tablespoon grenadine syrup, plus more for garnish, 4 maraschino cherries, for garnish, optional, 4 cocktail umbrellas, for garnish, optional], title: Tequila Mai Tai Oh My, picturelink: g9CJ2uEyPRNFKKtVvwuaMedlucbBrsS}, 44424: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the Dijon mustard, fresh ground black pepper, chopped rosemary, and minced garlic and mix well. Rub the mustard mixture over the surface of the tenderloins and wrap in plastic wrap. Marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace rosemary sprigs and smashed garlic in the center of a roasting pan. Remove the plastic wrap from the tenderloins and top each with 2 slices of maple bacon. Tie with kitchen twine to secure bacon strips.nPlace the roasting pan in the oven and bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until an instantread thermometer, inserted in the tenderloins, registers 160 degrees F. Remove from oven when desired doneness is reached and let sit for 5 to 10 minutes on a cutting board. Remove kitchen twine, slice and serve with your favorite sides. Garnish with the rosemary sprigs and garlic. Enjoy, ingredients: [13 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped rosemary leaves, plus 4 sprigs rosemary, with hard woody stems, 5 large garlic cloves, 2 cloves minced, 3 cloves smashed, 2 pork tenderloins, about 1pound each, 4 slices maple bacon], title: Rosemary Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: Nt.6YDBhfS8tQGL3AwJFsimlwlp0pwG}, 44425: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the chicken breasts on a sheet pan. Loosen the skin from the meat with your fingers, leaving 1 side attached. Cut the goat cheese into 12inchthick slices and place 1 or 2 slices plus 13 of the julienned sundried tomatoes under the skin of each chicken breast. Pull the skin over as much of the meat as possible so the chicken wont dry out. With your fingers, rub each piece with olive oil, and sprinkle them very generously with salt and pepper. Bake the chicken for 35 to 40 minutes, until the skin is lightly browned and the chicken is just cooked through. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 boneless chicken breasts, skinon, 4 to 5 ounces garlicandherb goat cheese recommended: Montrachet, 3 sundried tomatoes, julienned, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken with Goat Cheese and Sun Dried Tomato, picturelink: fjbiPAE0Kn.OKY5QSVVWQ0OlMUDlcdG}, 44426: {instructions: Combine the garlic, thyme and crushed red pepper with olive oil to make a loose paste. Coat the hanger steaks with the paste and sprinkle generously with salt. Let marinate in the fridge overnight or up to 2 hours outside of the fridge.nPreheat the grill.nIf the steaks have been marinated ahead, remove them from the fridge and let them come to room temperature.nGrill the steaks for 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Let the steaks rest for 5 to 10 minutes before slicing.nSlice the steaks on the bias and serve immediately.nWine Pairing Suggestion: Bandol red, ingredients: [4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, Pinch crushed red pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds hanger steak, trimmed, Kosher salt], title: Grilled Hanger Steak, picturelink: kY4j.2apss8heldvl93DNPIIMjXyIAe}, 44427: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F or preheat a grill over high heat. Rub the peppers with canola oil, put them on a baking sheet and roast them in the oven until golden brown, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. They can also be grilled until blackened all over. Remove the peppers to a bowl and cover the bowl. Let rest until cool enough to handle, then remove the skin and seeds and dice. Do not rinse.nPut a Dutch oven on the stove top over high heat, coat with some canola oil and add the capicola. Saute for 3 to 5 minutes. Season the ribs with salt and pepper and add them to the pot with 3 tablespoons of oil. Brown well on all sides, then remove them to a plate. Add the onions and saute until they are starting to caramelize, then add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Stir in the capers and caper juice. Mix to combine and allow the mixture to caramelize a bit more. Deglaze with the white wine. Stir in the agave, chicken stock and red wine vinegar. Bring to a boil, then add the seared ribs along with the diced peppers.nCover and bake for 2 hours, stirring occasionally. Remove the pork from the oven to a serving platter and serve with the sauce.nGuys tip: you can uncover 34 of the way through to allow the sauce to reduce for serving. Another alternative is to remove the Dutch oven from the oven, put the pork onto a serving platter and simmer the sauce over high heat to reduce for about 5 to 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [5 large red bell peppers, Canola oil, as needed, 12 pound capicola, diced 14inch, 3 12 pounds pork country ribs, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 3 cups onions, chopped into 1inch pieces, 12 cup roughly chopped garlic, 1 12 tablespoons capers, 2 tablespoons caper juice, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup agave syrup, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup red wine vinegar], title: Neapolitan Red Pepper Pork, picturelink: PkNssU45SAwQnBtM6GEcLgqYYAzLlby}, 44428: {instructions: In a saucepot over mediumhigh heat, add 3 cups water and a pinch of salt. Bring the water to a boil, and then stir in the grits and milk. Raise the heat to bring to a boil again, and then lower to a simmer and cook for about 4 minutes. When the grits begin to thicken but there is still plenty of moisture left, add the mozzarella and Cheddar along with a few grinds of pepper. Stir to melt the cheese, taste and season with salt, if needed. Serve warm., ingredients: [Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup quick grits, 1 cup milk, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 12 cup shredded Cheddar], title: Creamy Cheesy Grits, picturelink: w.XvF7aZjxWUklqPnclotLozPJdlkQK}, 44429: {instructions: For the slaw: In a bowl, blend the vinegar and wasabi, and then add the cabbage and onions. Allow this mixture to marinate, or soak, for 30 minutes or up to 1 hour. This marinating will soften the cabbage and onions without cooking, thus preserving the nutrients of the vegetables. Once marinated, we will hold the slaw until building the tacos.nFor the dressing: Slice the avocado in half, remove the seed and scoop the meat of the avocado into a small mixing bowl. Next, with a spoon, mash the avocado until smooth. Add the sambal, tomato, cilantro and salt to taste. Mix well, then cover and hold until serving.nFor the bison: Warm the pulled meat with the stock in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat until warmed. Once warm, remove from the heat, discard any remaining liquid and keep the meat warm to build the tacos. Construction: Drain the cabbage from the marinade and add 1 tablespoon slaw to each tortilla. Then add the bison and finish with 1 tablespoon tomato avocado dressing., ingredients: [14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon prepared wasabi, 1 cup shredded white cabbage, 12 cup quartered and thin sliced red onion, 1 avocado, 1 tablespoon sambal or other Asian chili paste, 1 cup diced tomatoes, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, Salt, 1 14 pounds pulled bison meat braised flank steak, 1 cup beef or chicken stock, Eight 6inch tortillas], title: Bison Tacos, picturelink: 53xNE.i7JD3RtGzOum6NQ0r628Yg5se}, 44430: {instructions: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F line cupcake pans with 24 cupcake liners.nIn a medium bowl, combine the pastry flour, cornstarch, cinnamon, baking powder, nutmeg, baking soda and salt and set aside. Using an electric mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition mix in the vanilla. Alternately add the flour mixture and the buttermilk, starting and ending with the flour mixture and beating well after each addition.nSpoon the batter into the liners, filling them about halfway, and add 1 teaspoon of cherry filling in the center of each. Bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool completely before frosting.nRaise the oven temperature to 350 degrees F for the crumble.nFor the oatmeal crisp crumble: In a medium bowl, combine the allpurpose flour, rolled oats, brown sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg. Cut in the cold butter until the mixture gets crumbly. Spread the mixture on a baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes. Let cool.nFor the cinnamon buttercream: In the bowl of an electric mixer with a paddle attachment, beat the shortening and butter on medium speed until creamy and smooth. Add the vanilla and beat for 2 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar and cinnamon and beat for 1 minute. Add 14 cup water and beat until creamy and smooth.nTo assemble: Frost the cupcakes with the cinnamon buttercream and garnish with the oatmeal crisp crumble., ingredients: [8 ounces pastry flour, 12 ounce cornstarch, 2 tablespoons cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 ounces 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 10 12 ounces granulated sugar, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 can cherry filling, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup rolled oats, 34 cup packed brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 34 cup cold butter, 1 cup cake shortening, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons cinnamon], title: Cherry Cobbler Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 44431: {instructions: Put 1 baking sheet on the center rack of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nSlice 14inch of the crust off the top and bottom of the loaf of bread. Split the loaf evenly in half, horizontally. Cut a piece of parchment paper large enough to accommodate both halves of bread and put both the top and the bottom on the parchment, cutside up so the inside of the loaf is visible.nScoop about a 14inch of the soft middle of the loaf out. Spread the mayonnaise evenly on the crustless top of each half, then flip them over so the mayonnaiseside is face down on the parchment.nEvenly distribute the 3 cheeses between the 2 bread halves. Use the parchment to transfer your grilled cheese to the preheated baking sheet, using a spatula if the bread is sticking, then remove and discard the parchment. Bake until the crust is golden brown and crunchy and the cheese is melted, about 18 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately sandwich the 2 halves with the cheese in the middle. Let rest about 10 minutes. Slice and serve while hot., ingredients: [1 loaf unsliced white bread or brioche loaf about 1 pound 5 ounces, 14 cup mayonnaise, 13 pound sliced sharp Cheddar, 13 pound sliced Monterey jack cheese, 13 pound sliced low moisture partskim mozzarella], title: Giant Grilled Cheese for a Crowd, picturelink: null}, 44432: {instructions: In a saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and sweat the onion for 5 minutes. Add the stock and simmer for 30 minutes. Add the pureed chipotles, ancho puree and honey and simmer uncovered for another 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. In a large saucepan over high heat, heat the olive oil and saute the shrimp and scallops for 3 minutes on one side. Turn them over and reduce the heat to medium, add the strained reserved broth, the carrots, zucchini, posole and clams. Simmer, covered for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the clams open. Discard any that do not open. Correct the seasoning.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the butter, cornmeal, flour, baking powder, eggs, and salt. Process 20 to 30 seconds, until just mixed. You may have to do this in 2 batches. Pour in the buttermilk and process for 20 seconds more. Pour into a buttered 12 by 12inch pan, and bake for 40 to 45 minutes, until firm to the touch and golden. Cut into squares. Serve hot with red chile butter.nIn a food processor, combine the butter, chipotle, garlic, onion, and salt and pepper to taste. Process until completely mixed. Spread the butter in a cylinder about 1inch in diameter along the long side of a sheet of parchment paper or waxed paper, leaving a 1inch border. Roll up the butter in the paper to make a log. Refrigerate at least 1 hour.nYield: 8 servings, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 cups lobster stock, 1 tablespoon pureed chipotle, 2 tablespoons ancho puree, 14 cup honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup olive oil, 16 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 16 large sea scallops, 3 medium carrots, scraped and cut into 2inch sticks, 2 medium zucchini, cut into thin 2inch sticks, 2 12 cups canned posole, rinsed and well drained, 40 small clams, such as manila or cockles, Cilantro sprigs, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups coarsely ground blue cornmeal, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 stick, 1 canned chipotle, 1 garlic clove, 2 tablespoons chopped red onion, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Shellfish Posole Stew with Blue Cornbread and Red Chile Butter, picturelink: null}, 44433: {instructions: Place the raisins in the orange juice until they expand. Meanwhile, peel the bananas and slice them in half lengthwise. Heat the butter in a large frying pan and add the bananas, round side down. Cook the bananas for 2 to 3 minutes on each side turning them carefully with a spatula so as not to break them. Mix the sugar and nutmeg with the raisins and juice and pour it over the bananas. When ready to serve, remove the bananas from the frying pan, reserving the cooking juices, and arrange them on a hot plate. Heat the cooking juices to boiling, and add rum, and light it, pouring it over the bananas. The alcohol will burn off, leaving you with a rummy flavor on the sauteed bananas., ingredients: [14 cup golden raisins, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 4 ripe bananas, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, Pinch of grated nutmeg, 14 cup rum], title: Banana Flambee, picturelink: null}, 44434: {instructions: Add a shot of tomato juice to the ale in a pilsner glass.nCooks Note: If you add a splash of hot sauce, this drink becomes a Ruddy Mary., ingredients: [8 ounces English dark ale or Pilsner, 1 shot 1ounce or 2 tablespoons fresh tomato juice], title: Tomato Beer or Red Rooster, picturelink: null}, 44435: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a pitcher filled with ice. Stir and strain into chilled martini glasses.nGarnish with a strawberry., ingredients: [2 shots vanilla vodka, 2 shots heavy cream, 12 shot strawberry liqueur, 12 shot strawberry nectar, Strawberry, for garnish], title: Strawberry Cream Martini, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 44436: {instructions: For the chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSprinkle the chicken breasts with salt. In a large saute pan, heat enough clarified butter to coat the pan over mediumhigh heat. Add half the thyme and continue to heat. Place 2 of the chicken breasts in the pan skinside down and sear until golden brown, basting the flesh side with fat from the pan. Flip the breasts, brown on the other side and baste. Transfer the chicken to a baking sheet. Cook the other 2 breasts in the same manner, adding in the remaining thyme sprigs.nPlace the baking sheet with the seared breasts in the oven and bake until the chicken is firm to the touch, 7 to 8 minutes. Allow to rest before slicing.nFor the just: While the chicken is in the oven, pour off any excess fat in the saute pan and place over mediumhigh heat. Add enough clarified butter to coat the bottom of the pan and add the bacon lardons. Cook until crispy, and then remove to a plate and reserve. Remove any excess fat from the pan if necessary. Add in the onions and sweat until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Increase the heat, add in the mushrooms and season with salt. Cook the mushrooms until golden brown on all sides, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd in the white wine and scrap up all the brown bits that have collected on the bottom of the pan. Cook down until the wine has reduced by half. Add in half of the chicken stock and let simmer about 5 minutes. Add in the remaining chicken stock and reduce until slightly thickened Remove from the heat and swirl in the butter. Taste and season if necessary.nServe the sliced chicken with the jus and garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [4 chicken breasts, drumettes attached, skinon, Salt, About 14 cup clarified butter, 5 to 6 sprigs fresh thyme, Clarified butter, for coating the pan, Four 14inchthick slices bacon, cut into lardons 14 inch wide, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 8 button mushrooms, stemmed and sliced into 14inch slices, Salt, 12 cup white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Poulet de GrandMere, picturelink: XBLY1oHNShHm4YbtlCQEYeEylQWiYa}, 44437: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Place meats in a large bowl. Add garlic, curry powder, coriander, lemon juice, soy bean sauce, salt, and pepper. Add onion and pour marinade over meats. Soak for one hour.nDrain meat and dry with a paper towel. Skewer meat, alternating chicken, veal and pork. Brush with clarified butter to keep moist. Broil for 6 minutes on one side, 4 minutes on the other, with pan 4 inches away from heat.nFor sauce: Pour clarified butter into heated saucepan and add onion. Add garlic and fry. To this, add ground spices, shrimp sauce and brown sugar. Season with salt and chili pickle. Increase heat and add peanut butter. Stir briskly. Reduce heat to low and add coconut milk and 12 cup water. Stir thoroughly and remove from heat. Add pan juices collected from skewers to sauce and serve in a sauceboat alongside meat., ingredients: [5 ounces chicken breast, skin on, cut into 14inch cubes, 5 ounces veal tenderloin, cut into 14inch cubes, 5 ounces pork tenderloin, cut into 14inch cubes, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon coriander, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons Ketjap spiced soy bean sauce, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 small onion, finely sliced, Clarified butter, Clarified butter, 1 medium onion, finely sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon Kentjoer Indonesian ground spices, 12 teaspoon shrimp sauce, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Sambal Oelek very hot chili pickle, to taste, 12 cup peanut butter, 12 cup coconut milk, 12 cup water], title: Sateh, picturelink: null}, 44438: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon EVOO in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the pasta and toast until deep golden, nutty and fragrant, then remove the pasta and reserve. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons EVOO and raise the heat a bit. Add the sausage and cook until browned, then transfer the sausage to a plate. Add the carrots, fennel, garlic and onions, and season with salt and pepper. Cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Return the sausage to the pot and add the beans and Chicken Poaching Liquid. Using the large holes of a box grater, grate the tomatoes into the soup. Add the rosemary and thyme, and season with salt and pepper. Simmer the soup to combine the flavors. Return the soup to a boil, stir in the toasted pasta and cook until al dente. Ladle the soup into shallow bowls and top with the cheese. Serve with ciabbatta rolls. Cooks Note: If you are not serving the soup immediately, cool and store it in the refrigerator before adding the pasta. Return it to a boil and cook the pasta as directed.nPlace the chicken in a pot and add the bay leaves, carrots, celery, lemons, onions, peppercorns, rosemary, thyme and some salt. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and poach the chicken for 1 hour. When the chicken is cool enough to handle, discard the skin and bones and separate the meat into bitesize pieces. Strain the stock and reserve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons EVOO, 34 cup broken spaghetti or linguine, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, bulk or cut from casing, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 bulb fennel, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, sliced or chopped, 1 onion, chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, One 14ounce can cannellini beans, drained, One 14ounce can garbanzo beans, drained, 8 cups Chicken Poaching Liquid, recipe follows, or storebought chicken stock, 2 plum tomatoes, A few sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves stripped and chopped, A few sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and chopped, Grated ParmigianoReggiano, to pass at the table, Ciabatta rolls, for serving, One 4pound whole chicken, 2 bay leaves, 2 carrots, quartered, 2 ribs celery, quartered, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 large onion, quartered with root end attached, A few black peppercorns, A few stems fresh rosemary, A few stems fresh thyme, Salt], title: Minestrone Soup with Sweet Sausage, picturelink: ZpYTMVCspTSqheyhNMOBBav8fRch8Ba}, 44439: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the filet mignon in a bowl. Pour bourbon over steak and marinate for 1 hour. Remove the filet mignon from the bourbon and season with salt and pepper. Add the olive oil to a hot saute pan. Sear the filet mignon on all sides, about 1 minute per side. Place the meat in the oven and roast for 15 minutes or until medium rare. Remove the meat from the oven and allow to rest for 15 minutes. Slice the filet in half lengthwise. Slice each half into 18 thin slices so you have a total of 36 slices. In another saute pan over mediumlow heat, melt the butter. Add the sliced white and red onions. Caramelize the onions until they are deep golden brown, about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool. Slice the baguette into 36 14 to 12 inch thick slices. In a small bowl, combine the sour cream and the horseradish. Place a piece of filet mignon on each slice of bread. Top with some of the caramelized onions. Place a small amount of the horseradish sour cream on top of the onions. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [2 pounds filet mignon, 1 cup Kentucky bourbon, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 large white onion, sliced, 1 large red onion, sliced, 1 baguette French bread, 12 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 bunch flat leaf parsley], title: Kentucky Bourbon Steak Bites, picturelink: null}, 44440: {instructions: Shake, strain and serve up in a martini glass. Garnish with a cherry., ingredients: [1.25 oz. Smirnoff Raspberry Flavored Vodka, 0.25 oz. triple sec, 3 oz. lemonlime soda, 1 pieces cherry], title: Indiana Martini, picturelink: null}, 44441: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the tomatoes on a sheet pan and drizzle over the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast until the tomatoes collapse, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds cherry tomatoes on the vine, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 44442: {instructions: Halve, pit and quarter the plums. Sprinkle with the sugar, add the red wine to almost cover the plums. Macerate 1 hour., ingredients: [1 quart plums, 2 to 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup light red wine Beaujolais is ideal], title: Plums in Red Wine, picturelink: null}, 44443: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the soba and cook until al dente. Drain.nMeanwhile, combine the honey, soy sauce, vinegar, sesame oil, ginger and garlic in a large bowl. Whisk in the olive oil. Add the edamame, carrots, scallions and soba to the bowl and toss to combine. Garnish with the sesame seeds., ingredients: [Salt, 12 pound soba, or wholewheat linguine or spaghetti, 14 cup honey, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar or sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 1 large clove garlic, grated or finely chopped, 13 cup olive oil or vegetable oil, 1 cup frozen shelled edamame, thawed, 2 large carrots, coarsely grated, 1 small bunch scallions, very thinly sliced on an angle, 3 tablespoons mixed black sesame seeds and toasted white sesame seeds], title: Sesame Soba Noodles, picturelink: 5StJSYxuYk6STn.qMLhqb7jAoIhLoG}, 44444: {instructions: In a nonreactive bowl, whisk together the oil and vinegar until completely combined. Add the garlic, half the tomatoes and half the tarragon. Season with salt and pepper and stir to coat. Cover and chill 6 hours.nStrain the mixture through a fine sieve and discard the solids. Stir in the remaining tomatoes and tarragon. Serve over slices of fresh tomato.nBYOC: Use your favorite herb here and tailor this dressing to the meal or your familys favorite flavors... fresh thyme oregano, basil, chervil, parsley, anything goes Try serving this sweet and tangy dressing tossed with fresh baby spinach, a baby mesclun mix or even butter lettuce and blue cheese., ingredients: [1 cup garlicinfused olive oil, 12 cup white balsamic vinegar reduced by 13, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 large tomatoes, peeled, chopped and divided, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, divided, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Tomato slices, for serving], title: Fresh Tomato Dressing, picturelink: 1GSL4O8IoGjneztvmZgVwBtgLuISaXq}, 44445: {instructions: Preheat a grill with coals on one half and bricks on the other so that there is a hot and cool side. Assemble all of your topping ingredients on a big platter.nLightly oil a sheet pan and roll and stretch one ball of dough until it is approximately 12inches in length and 8inches across. It is not necessary to make a perfect circle, but the dough should be an even thickness of 18inch. Carefully stretch the dough onto the hot side of the grill and cook until the dough puffs on top, crisps on the bottom, and grill marks appear, about 1 to 2 minutes.nFlip the dough onto the cool side of the grill and brush the cooked side with olive oil. Quickly and sparingly assemble the toppings of your choice, such as tomato puree, fontina, and prosciutto di Parma, capers, and red peppers or tomato puree, pecorino Romano, bel paese, grilled jumbo shrimp, and jarred Italian eggplant. Garnish with torn basil leaves. Feel free to improvise the toppings and come up with your own.nOnce the pizza has been dressed, season it with salt and pepper, to taste, drag it over to the hot side of the grill, and cook until the ingredients are heated through. If the pizza browns too quickly, pull it to the cool side and cover the grill to finish cooking. Using a wide spatula or two pairs of tongs, carefully lift the pizza onto a cutting board and divide into 6 or 8 pieces. Serve right away. Repeat with the remaining dough.nIn a large bowl, combine the water, yeast, and molasses and stir gently to mix. Set aside for five minutes until bubbly and foamy. Add the salt, to taste, and oil and stir to mix.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the flours. Add the flours to the yeast mixture and stir with a wooden spoon until a dough forms and pulls away from the sides of the bowl.nDivide the dough into six equal pieces. Roll into balls and place on an oiled baking pan. Brush the balls with olive oil and cover with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place for 20 minutes.nWhen the grill is ready, oil a second baking sheet and flatten one ball of dough into a 10 to 12inch piece about 18inch thick. A perfect circle is less crucial than even thickness.nCooks Note: Dough can be held for 1 day in the refrigerator. Let sit 1 hour at room temperature before grilling., ingredients: [2 cups tomato puree, 1 pound Italian melting cheese, such as fontina, coarsely grated, 4 ounces prosciutto di Parma, 1 small red onion, peeled and thinly sliced, 14 cup capers, 12 cup roasted red peppers, drained and thinly sliced, 4 ounces freshly grated pecorino Romano, 4 ounces bel paese, sliced, 12 cup jarred Italian eggplant, 4 jumbo shrimp, halved, deveined, and grilled, 4 sprigs basil, leaves only, roughly torn, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup olive oil, plus more for greasing the pans, Grilled Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 1 13 cups lukewarm water, 1 package active dry yeast, 1 tablespoon molasses, 2 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 12 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for coating, 2 cups bread flour, 1 12 cups unbleached all purpose flour, 14 cup whole wheat flour], title: Grilled Pizza Rustica, picturelink: null}, 44446: {instructions: Preheat a deep fryer pot filled with the manufacturers recommended level of oil to 280 degrees.nUsing an Asian vegetable slicer or a mandolin, slice the vegetables paper thin.nFry the vegetables individually in small batches. Cook them until they begin to crisp and then remove. They will crisp even more as they air dry.nSeason with salt and serve., ingredients: [1 large beet, raw and peeled, 2 parsnips, peeled, 1 large turnip, Frying oil, Salt], title: Tangy Vegetable Chips, picturelink: null}, 44447: {instructions: Combine 750ml bottle rose wine, 1 cup nosugaradded cranberry juice, the juice of 1 lime and 14 cup superfine sugar in a pitcher. Stir until the sugar dissolves, then chill. Add 2 cups seltzer pour into 4 glasses and garnish with lime slices., ingredients: [], title: CranberryLime Rose Spritzer, picturelink: kDaeu8FQp0cQJ5migns8hE6E9hXf4X2}, 44448: {instructions: Top strips of refrigerated breadstick dough with 1 strip each of provolone and salami roll into pinwheels. Brush with olive oil and sprinkle with dried oregano. Bake as the dough label suggests., ingredients: [], title: Salami Snails, picturelink: AxIWz.AoSvh02l.cZqnzWFzScEO6lSO}, 44449: {instructions: Cooks Note: You could also purchase a prebrined turkey.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, combine the lemon juice, chopped rosemary and thyme, lemon zest and 1 stick butter. Cook until the butter is melted. Cut the remaining stick of butter into cubes and set aside.nPlace the turkey on a vshaped rack in a large roasting pan. Pat the turkey thoroughly dry, and then brush the melted butter mixture all over. Liberally sprinkle with salt and pepper on both the outside and inside of the cavity. Fill the cavity with the cubed butter, sage, rosemary, thyme, garlic and onions. Tie the legs of the turkey together with string and tuck the wings underneath.nRoast the turkey until an instantread meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 to 170 degrees F and the juices run clear, about 2 12 hours.nRemove from the oven and transfer to a cutting board or platter. Tent the turkey with foil and let stand 20 minutes before carving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, 1 fresh turkey 10 to 12 pounds, neck, giblets and liver removed reserve for other use, Kosher salt and fresh cracked black pepper, 12 cup fresh sage leaves, torn, 12 bunch fresh rosemary, 12 bunch fresh thyme, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 yellow onion, quartered], title: Easy Herb Roasted Turkey, picturelink: 2BmhQ3lgpEYUmxjWKRz2wkAuQE1.O6y}, 44450: {instructions: For the Guacamole: Halve avocados, remove pits and scoop each half out of the skin with a metal soup spoon. Set up a wire rack over a mixing bowl. Press each avocado half down through the wire rack into the bowl, dicing it.Add remaining ingredients to avocado and gently mix it all together. Try not to make the avocado smooth from the mixing.nFor the salsa: Heat oil in a saute pan. Add onions and saute for 2 minutes. Add garlic and bell peppers and saute until soft and fragrant. Add tomatoes and cumin and cook for 1 minute. Turn off heat and stir in black beans and cilantro. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nFor the Pico de Gallo: Combine all ingredients in a medium mixing bowl. Cover and set aside to let flavors meld together., ingredients: [2 ripe Haas avocados, juice of 1 lime, 14 cup small diced red onion, 1 Tbs. seeded, minced jalapeno pepper, 2 Tbs. chopped fresh cilantro, salt and pepper to taste, 1 can black beans, drained and rinsed well, 4 plum tomatoes, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 12 cup diced white onion, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tsp. ground cumin, 2 Tbs. chopped fresh cilantro, 2 Tbs. olive oil, salt and pepper, 5 plum tomatoes, cored, seeded and finely diced, 14 cup finely diced white onion, 2 Tbs. chopped fresh cilantro, 1 Tbs. seeded and minced jalapeno pepper, 1 Tbs. lime juice, 1 Tbs. olive oil, 1 Tbs. tequila, optional, salt and pepper to taste], title: Dip Trio: Guacamole, Black Bean Salsa and Drunken Pico de Gallo, picturelink: null}, 44451: {instructions: Combine the turkey, garlic, paprika, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl mix with your hands until just combined. Form into four 12inchthick patties set aside.nCombine 12 avocado, the mayonnaise, lime juice and 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl mash until smooth. Thinly slice the remaining 12 avocado and season with salt and pepper. Set aside for topping.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat or preheat a grill to medium high and oil the grates. Add the burgers and cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Top each burger with a slice of cheese cover and cook until the cheese melts, about 30 seconds.nMeanwhile, split and toast the buns spread the avocado mayonnaise on the cut sides. Serve the burgers on the buns with lettuce, the sliced avocado and tortilla chips.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 14 pounds lean ground turkey, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 2 teaspoons hot smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 avocado, halved, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, Juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 slices pepper jack cheese about 3 ounces, 4 sesame potato buns, Shredded lettuce and tortilla chips, for topping], title: TexMex Turkey Burgers with Avocado Mayonnaise, picturelink: 82KowQEhXamNQSKChUqGxF3tTUCwGFa}, 44452: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mist an 8inch square baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Heat the butter in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook until softened, 4 minutes, and then add the squash and cook until dry. Stir in the corn and set aside to cool slightly.nCombine the milk, cornmeal, parsley, nutmeg, cayenne, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl until smooth. Stir in the skillet mixture.nWhip the egg whites in a separate bowl to stiff peaks and fold into the corn mixture. Fold in the cornflakes, pour into the prepared baking dish and smooth the top. Bake until lightly browned around the edges and a thin knife inserted into the center comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes.nCalories: 140 Fat: 3 grams Saturated Fat: 1.5 grams Protein: 6 grams Carbohydrates: 26 grams Sugar: 6 grams Fiber: 2 grams Cholesterol: 5 milligrams Sodium: 220 milligrams, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 onion, chopped, One 10ounce box frozen cooked winter squash, thawed and drained, One 10ounce box frozen whole kernel corn, thawed, 1 12 cups 2percent milk, 13 cup cornmeal, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large egg whites, 2 cups cornflake cereal], title: Corn and Squash Pudding, picturelink: O7t8rVq5mEhaqVI4LK3jiIdTnIUpVty}, 44453: {instructions: 1. Grease 4 1cup size ramekins with nonstick spray to evenly coat the insides.n2. Begin by adding milk, cream and sugar to a pot and set over medium heat. Add vanilla bean and seeds and 4 strips of lemon peel try not to get any of the white pith. Bring to a simmer. Once the mixture begins to bubble, turn off the heat.n3. While the mixture is heating, combine the gelatin and lemon juice, whisking as you go to avoid lumps. Temper the gelatin with about 12 cup of the heated milkcream mixture and whisk back into the remaining mixture. Strain cream mixture using a fine mesh strainer, into a bowl and discard the vanilla pod and lemon peel. Add the creme fraiche and gently whisk to combine the mixture. Distribute evenly among the ramekins and place in the refrigerator for 4 to 6 hours or until they are set.n4. In a small saucepan reduce balsamic vinegar over low heat until slightly syrupy 5 to 7 minutes. Add sugar and stir until dissolved.n5. Remove the ramekins from the refrigerator and top with quartered strawberries. Drizzle the tops with the balsamic syrup and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, for greasing ramekins, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 cup superfine sugar, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 4 strips lemon peel, 1 12 teaspoons powdered gelatin, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 12 cups creme fraiche, room temperature, 1 cup goodquality balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 1 large carton strawberries, trimmed and quartered], title: Spring Panna Cotta with Fresh Strawberries and Balsamic Syrup, picturelink: null}, 44454: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard cupcake or muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners.nIn medium bowl, whisk together with an electric mixer or hand whisk the flour mix, granulated sugar, cocoa, baking powder, chipotle powder, cinnamon, salt and xanthan gum until well integrated. Add in the soy milk, oil, espresso, vanilla and vinegar, and mix until smooth.nFill the cupcake liners threequartersfull with batter. Place 1 chunk of chipotle chocolate into the center of each cupcake and bake until baked through, 13 to 15 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the buttercream: Whip the powdered sugar, cocoa, butter spread, soy milk and vanilla with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Put into a pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip.nTo assemble: Generously frost the top of each cupcake with the chocolate buttercream frosting., ingredients: [1 cup glutenfree flour mix, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon chipotle powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon xanthan gum, 1 14 cups soy milk, 12 cup canola oil, 14 cup espresso, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1 chipotle dark chocolate bar, cut into 12 large chunks, 8 cups powdered sugar, 1 cup cocoa powder, 8 ounces vegan butter spread, such as Earth Balance, 34 cup soy milk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Chipotle Dark Chocolate Cupcakes, picturelink: 5OrJNWyRB2yh3fs0se7bbGzjzq6Ey5e}, 44455: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 regular size cupcake pans with cupcake liners.nIn a large bowl using an electric mixer on low speed, combine the sugar, eggs, butter, and vanilla extract until blended. In a separate large bowl, combine the flour, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture, mixing on low until blended. Stir in the apples.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake until the cupcakes spring back when touched with your finger, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool in the pans for a few minutes, and then remove to a wire rack to cool completely.nEither pipe Vanilla Bean Cream Cheese Frosting onto the cupcakes using a pastry bag and your favorite tip, or spread each cupcake with the frosting. Drizzle each cupcake with caramel syrup.nIn a large bowl using an electric mixer on low speed, beat the butter, cream cheese, and vanilla bean paste until smooth and thoroughly blended. Slowly add the powdered sugar and salt. Mix until smooth., ingredients: [2 cups granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 apples, cored, peeled, and chopped recommended: 2 Granny Smith and 2 Fuji, Vanilla Bean Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, Caramel syrup, for garnish, 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 8ounce bar cream cheese, room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla bean paste, 4 cups powdered sugar about 2 pounds, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Winning Recipe Caramel Apple Cupcakes with Vanilla Bean Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: rZxnVPtiLjEhKut191CHY5EsN0Mbyi}, 44456: {instructions: Make the dough: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine the milk and yeast and let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. With a fork, stir in the butter, sugar, salt and egg. With the mixer on low, add the flour and then the herbs. Increase the speed to medium and knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes.nLightly butter a large bowl. Transfer the dough to the bowl, then cover and set in a warm place until doubled in size, 1 to 4 hours, depending on the temperature of your house.nButter a 13by9inch baking pan. Transfer the dough to a work surface and cut into 18 equal pieces. Roll each piece into a tight ball. Transfer the dough balls to the prepared pan, spacing them evenly rolls will touch once they have risen. Cover and set in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nFinish the rolls: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Very gently brush the rolls with some melted butter and sprinkle with some flaky sea salt. Bake until golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Brush with more melted butter and serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup milk, warmed to about 110 degrees F, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, plus more for the bowl and pan, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Buttery Herbed Dinner Rolls, picturelink: z.aEiXVW2ixP4R4Jpsnj7AERBS7ZTa}, 44457: {instructions: Prepare the enchiladas and heat the grill. Rub the steaks with the oil and seasonings and set aside at room temperature while grill heats. When the grill feels mediumhot when you hold your hand 5 inches over the fire, it is ready to use. Place the steaks on the grill and cook them for 5 minutes on each side for medium. At serving time, place the steaks on 4 plates and top each steak with 2 hot Caciotta Cheese Enchiladas. Serve immediatley.nFor the Reata Grill Blend: Combine all of the ingredients in a small bowl, blending well to evenly distribute the spices. Be sure to break up any chunks that appear. Store the blend in an airtight container. Shake or stir it again before each use.nFor the chile sauce: Place the chile paste, tomato, cumin, and honey in a blender and puree until smooth. Adjust seasonings with salt. Heat the oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Pour in the puree and cook for 3 minutes, until the flavors are well combined. Use the sauce immediately on enchiladas, or store in a glass container in the refrigerator until ready to use. Keeps for a week.nFor the enchiladas: Lightly grease an 11 34 by 7 12inch glass baking pan. Set aside. Heat the oil in a small skillet over low heat, until its hot enough to sizzle when a tiny piece of tortillas is dropped in. Using tongs, dip a tortilla into the hot oil, removing it quickly and letting excess oil drip off. Dip tortilla into chile sauce and lay it on a flat surface. Sprinkle 12 cup of the cheese down the center of the tortilla and roll the tortilla from 1 end to the other. Lay the enchilada in the prepared pan with the seam down. Repeat the steps with each tortilla, fitting them tightly into the pan. Pour the remaining chile sauce over the top of the enchiladas and sprinkle them with the remaining cheese. Prepare these as close to serving time as possible. To finish the enchiladas, preheat the oven to 400 degrees and bake them for 12 minutes. Serve at once., ingredients: [8 caciotta cheese enchiladas recipe follows, 4 Tbone steaks about 16 ounces each, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons Reata Grill Blend recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 4 tablespoons kosher salt, 3 tablespoons pasilla powder, 2 tablespoons dried granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground thyme, 13 cup vegetable oil, 8 8inch corn tortillas, 2 cups Red Chili sauce recipe follows, 4 12 cups grated caciotta or Monterey Jack cheese, 2 cups red chili paste, 1 cup diced tomato, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon honey, Kosher salt, to taste, 2 tablespoons oil], title: CharGrilled Texas TBone with Caciotta Cheese Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 44458: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the sweet potatoes on a large, foillined rimmed baking sheet with the oil season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Roast the potatoes for 20 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven and toss the potatoes with the syrup.nBack in the oven, roast, tossing twice, until the potatoes are beginning to brown and are tender, about 15 minutes more. To serve, sprinkle warm potatoes with freshly grated lemon zest, sea salt, and nutmeg to taste., ingredients: [2 pounds small sweet potatoes about 5, peeled and cut lengthwise into 1inch wedges, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Sea salt and freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, for serving], title: MapleRoasted Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 44459: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nBrush one side of each bread slice with olive oil and place them on a baking sheet in one layer. Season them with salt and pepper and dust them with the Parmesan. Bake until golden brown and crisp, about 15 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 pound dayold countrystyle bread, sliced 14inch thick, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Parmesan Toasts, picturelink: null}, 44460: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the grapes on a sheet pan and coat with 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoons pepper. Roast until the grapes turn light brown and begin to shrivel, about 45 minutes.nIn the meantime, sprinkle the steaks with salt and pepper and let sit for 15 minutes at room temperature.nHeat a pot of water over high heat. Once the water is boiling, add the potatoes, parsnips, bay leaf, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 clove garlic and salt generously. Cook until the vegetables are fork tender, and then strain. Discard the herbs and press the potatoes, parsnips and garlic through a ricer into a saucepan. Gently stir in the cream and season with salt and pepper. Hold warm over low heat.nFor the steaks, heat a skillet until very hot, add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and place the steaks in the skillet. Cook about 4 minutes per side for mediumrare. Remove the steaks from the skillet to a plate and tent with foil. Add the red wine to the skillet to deglaze and scrape up any brown bits from the bottom. Add the chicken stock, remaining 1 clove garlic, carrots, onions, celery, the remaining 3 sprigs thyme, the remaining 1 bay leaf and the beef bone. Cook on high heat until the sauce reduces to a syrupy consistency, about 10 minutes. Strain the sauce and add the roasted grapes. Slice the steak off the bone and add the steak juices to the sauce.nTo serve, place a spoonful of the parsnips and potatoes on a plate, top with a few pieces of the steak and drizzle with the sauce., ingredients: [2 cups red seedless grapes, halved, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 rib eye steaks, 1 pound potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 bay leaves, divided, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, divided, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, divided, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups dry red wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 carrot, diced small, 1 onion, diced small, 1 celery stalk, diced small, 1 beef bone], title: Rib Eye Steak with Roasted GrapeRed Wine Sauce and Creamy Parsnips and Potatoes, picturelink: lYaKtjFAeSPToibz8Td3Xiv2gaultsy}, 44461: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Have 2 heatproof dinner plates readynCombine the flour, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in a large shallow plate. Pat the sole fillets dry with paper towels and sprinkle one side with salt.nHeat 3 tablespoons of butter in a large 12inch saute pan over medium heat until it starts to brown. Dredge 2 sole fillets in the seasoned flour on both sides and place them in the hot butter. Lower the heat to mediumlow and cook for 2 minutes. Turn carefully with a metal spatula and cook for 2 minutes on the other side. While the second side cooks, add 12 teaspoon of lemon zest and 3 tablespoons of lemon juice to the pan. Carefully put the fish filets on the ovenproof plates and pour the sauce over them. Keep the cooked fillets warm in the oven while you repeat the process with the remaining 2 fillets. When theyre done, add the cooked fillets to the plates in the oven. Sprinkle with the parsley, salt, and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 fresh sole fillets, 3 to 4 ounces each, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 3 lemons, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley], title: Easy Sole Meuniere, picturelink: 5d0YwhnQBtvuBvYRp3GJbNOmiL7tW}, 44462: {instructions: Tie the thyme sprigs together with kitchen twine combine the pork, garlic, bay leaves and thyme bundle in a large Dutch oven. Add the vegetable oil, lime juice, orange juice, 1 cup water and 2 teaspoons salt and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low cover and gently simmer, stirring occasionally, 1 hour.nUncover the pot and continue simmering, stirring once or twice, until the pork is tender, about another 1 hour, 15 minutes. Increase the heat to medium cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is mostly evaporated, about 35 more minutes. Discard the thyme bundle and bay leaves, then increase the heat to medium high so the pork starts to fry. Cook, stirring and scraping the bottom of the pot occasionally, until the pork is golden brown and crisp in spots, about 10 more minutes. Serve in tortillas with assorted toppings.nCombine 1 thinly sliced red onion, 1 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon each coriander seeds, mustard seeds and cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon dried oregano and 14 teaspoon kosher salt in a small saucepan. Boil 2 minutes let cool.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [5 sprigs thyme, 3 pounds boneless pork butt fat cap intact, cut into 2inch chunks, 5 cloves garlic, 2 bay leaves, 12 cup vegetable oil, Juice of 2 limes, Juice of 1 orange, Kosher salt, Corn tortillas, warmed, and assorted toppings, for serving], title: Pork Carnitas Tacos, picturelink: 8Zu1IWBZpGnGs7T6178gB6WO7z8VV2}, 44463: {instructions: Special equipment: a squeeze bottle and deep fryer or large potnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the bacon on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until crispy, 10 to 15 minutes.nMix the mayonnaise, curry powder and lime juice in a bowl and transfer to a squeeze bottle.nHeat the oil in a deep fryer or large pot. Fry the French fries until crisp and cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Season with the blackening spice, salt and pepper.nDrizzle the curry mayonnaise over the top. Garnish with the crumbled feta and bacon., ingredients: [3 strips bacon, diced about 3 tablespoons, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons yellow Indian curry powder, Juice of 12 lime, Oil, for frying, 1 cup French fries, Large pinch of blackening spice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounce feta, crumbled], title: Curry Fries with Bacon and Feta, picturelink: EcpvycBBbE2B9.H.FTfYWD7d1IZ5IbO}, 44464: {instructions: Make the Cakes: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Grease the tins and set aside.nIn a bowl over a saucepan of simmering water, melt the butter and chocolate together, stirring occasionally. Cool slightly.nMeanwhile, in a separate bowl whisk together the eggs, yolks, and sugar. Whisk the egg mixture into chocolate mixture then whisk in the flour.nFill the tins with the batter and bake for 4 to 5 minutes. Alternatively, refrigerate the cakes until ready to bake, up to a day in advance. If baking cold, do so for 5 to 6 minutes.nPaint the bottoms of several shallow soup plates with the chocolate bergamont paint. Immediately unmold the cakes onto the plates. Place a pinch of cocoa nibs beside each cake as a small stand for the ice cream, and place a scoop of star anise ice cream on top of each. Drizzle the citrus reduction around each plate and dust with confectioners sugar and cocoa powder.n4 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, choppedn2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, choppedn13 cup brewed tea recommended: Earl Greyn14 cup light corn syrupnIn the top half of a double boiler, combine the 2 chocolates over simmering water. Stir constantly until melted then whisk in the tea and syrup, without removing the double boiler from the heat. Whisk until smooth and shiny.nIf the sauce is too thick, thin it with a touch of hot water. Using a brush, paint the sauce onto plate before serving.nThe sauce can be made up to 48 hours in advance and refrigerated. To rewarm, stir over low heat or heat in a microwave.nYield: approximately 1 14 cupsn2 cups halfandhalfn2 cups heavy creamn1 heaping tablespoon star anise piecesn34 teaspoon ground cinnamonn12 vanilla bean, split lengthwisen1 cinnamon stickn9 egg yolksn34 cup sugarnIn a saucepan over medium heat, heat the halfandhalf, cream, star anise, ground cinnamon, vanilla, and cinnamon stick, whisking occasionally to make sure the mixture doesnt burn or stick to the bottom of the pan. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer do not let it boil, turn off the heat and let the flavors infuse for 10 minutes.nIn a bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar. In a thin stream, whisk half of the cream mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Then pour the eggcream mixture back into the saucepan containing the rest of the cream mixture.nHeat over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. At 160 degrees, the mixture will give off a puff of steam. When the mixture reaches 180 degrees it will be thickened and creamy, like eggnog. If you dont have a thermometer, test it by dipping a wooden spoon into the mixture. Run your finger down the back of the spoon. If the stripe remains clear, the mixture is ready if the edges blur, the mixture is not quite thick enough yet. When it is ready, quickly remove it from the heat.nMeanwhile, put 2 handfuls of ice cubes in a large bowl, and add enough cold water to cover. Rest a smaller bowl in the ice water. Pour the cream mixture through a fine sieve into the smaller bowl, to remove the vanilla bean pieces and cinnamon sticks. Chill 3 hours then freeze in an ice cream freezer according to the manufacturers directionsnYield: 1 quartn12 cup orange juicen12 cup grapefruit juicen14 cup lemon juicen14 cup corn syrupnPlace all the ingredients in a saucepan and simmer on low until reduced to a thick syrup. Chill before using.nYield: approximately 13 cup, ingredients: [11 ounces butter 2 34 sticks, 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 6 eggs, 6 egg yolks, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Chocolate Bergamot Paint, recipe follows, Cocoa nibs, as needed, Star Anise Ice Cream, recipe follows, Citrus Reduction, recipe follows, Confectioners sugar, as needed, Cocoa powder, as needed, Equipment: 12 8ounce foil tins], title: Molten Chocolate Oooozy Cake, picturelink: LhAbSr3cN4KewHRGpjZBxWdw79aSx2q}, 44465: {instructions: Using a large pot, combine the apples and water and bring to a boil. Cook until apples are soft, about 10 to 15 minutes. Strain through cheesecloth, reserve the liquid, and discard the remaining pulp.nCombine the orange juice, sugar, water, and pectin in a large copper pot and bring to a boil. Cook the liquid and reduce to 23 of the original volume. Add the second addition of sugar and lemon juice and stir until it dissolves. Finally add the sliced oranges and continue to cook until the mixture reaches 225 degrees F, approximately 25 to 30 minutes. Test the consistency by cooling a small portion of the mixture completely., ingredients: [16 ounces apples, cubed, 16 ounces water, 16 ounces orange juice, 12 ounces sugar, 12 ounces water, 16 ounces apple pectin liquid, 2 pounds sugar, 2 lemons, juiced, 5 oranges, sliced], title: Orange Marmalade, picturelink: null}, 44466: {instructions: In a small bowl, add half of the sweetened corn cereal, half the cinnamonflavored cereal, and the milk. Stir and refrigerate until the cereal is soggy and the milk tastes like the cereal, about 10 minutes.nScoop the ice cream into a blender, then with a slotted spoon add 12 cup of the soggy cereal, 12 cup of the flavored milk and the remaining 12 cup each of the dry cereals. Add some vodka to taste. Blend until smooth, adding a bit more of the flavored milk to loosen if needed., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 1 cup sweetened corn cereal recommended: Capn Crunch, 1 cup cinnamonflavored cereal recommended: Cinnamon Toast Crunch, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, Vanillaflavored vodka, to taste], title: Cereal Killer Shake, picturelink: V3PKx2vBwiIt3YEMFCMujB3FYeHk6vi}, 44467: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, mix all ingredients well and refrigerate for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound grated Cheddar, 12 pound grated Pepper Jack, One 4ounce can diced pimentos, 13 teaspoon granulated garlic, 13 teaspoons granulated onion, About 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne, About 12 tablespoon green pepper sauce, 23 cup mayonnaise], title: Pimento Cheese, picturelink: acSZBOGQH39CyoOnadSIXkEjd2RhK3e}, 44468: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBake potatoes on middle rack until fork tender, about 1 hour. Remove from oven and let sit until cool enough to handle.nBake 4 strips of bacon on a small sheet pan in the oven for 15 minutes. Crumble bacon when its cooled.nPreheat grill to medium heat.nCut potatoes in half, lengthwise, and spoon out the flesh, leaving a half inch shell.nMelt the butter in saucepan and add minced garlic. Brush potatoes with the butter and garlic mixture. Flip over and butter the bottoms.nPlace potatoes on grill and cook until crisp, about 4 to 4 12 minutes on each side and remove from grill.nDivide the cheese, barbecue sauce and pulled pork among the potatoes. Top potato skins with sour cream, crumbled bacon and chives for garnish., ingredients: [3 russet potatoes, scrubbed, 4 slices cooked bacon, crumbled, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 clove garlic, minced, 34 cup Cheddar, 12 cup barbecue sauce, warm, 12 pound pulled pork, Sour cream, for topping, 2 tablespoons snipped chives, for garnish], title: Grilled BBQ Potato Skins, picturelink: sUKfgg9q87VT5UuLZ5hDWFRFq4knxu}, 44469: {instructions: 1. In a saucepan, saute onion in olive oil for 5 minutes or until tender.n2. Place all ingredients into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure lid.n3. Select Variable 1.n4. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n5. Blend for 56 minutes or until heavy steam escapes from the vented lid. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 43 g small onion, peeled, 12 tablespoon olive oil, 1 270 g sweet potato, baked, 12 75 g apple, seeded, 1 70 g carrot, halved, 1 vegetable bouillon cube, 1 12 cups 360 ml water], title: Vitamix Sweet Potato Soup, picturelink: RrcZJt9vdGg2W6FcPWy9O66lnDZOOy}, 44470: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the fusilli and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. When the pasta is done, drain it, cool under cold water, drain again and pat dry. Meanwhile, grill or broil the steak 3 to 4 minutes a side only or until charred on the outside, but rare on the inside. If you dont like steak rare, substitute chicken When the steak is done remove it to a plate for later while resting, rub a cut clove of garlic on both sides.nIn a large mixing bowl combine the mayonnaise, tarragon vinegar, and peppers. Toss the pasta with the ingredients in the mixing bowlnPortion out the pasta. Cut the steak into thin diagonal strips and pile them in the center of the pasta garnish with olives., ingredients: [Salt, 3 cups fusilli, 12 ounces steak, Cut clove of peeled garlic, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons tarragon vinegar, 13 cup each finely diced red, green and yellow bell pepper, 12 cup green or black olives or a combination packed in olive oil chopped], title: Charred Steak Pasta Salad, picturelink: null}, 44471: {instructions: Mix together mustard, mayonnaise, Worcestershire and pepper. Chill.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Trim fat to 18inch on sirloin, coat with oil and dredge on all sides with seasoning. Place sirloin in a wellheated hot iron skillet. Add 2 to 3 pats of butter. Cook 5 minutes on each side, adding butter as needed. Transfer to oven and roast until meat reaches internal temperature of 114 degrees F. Remove and refrigerate overnight.nSlice sirloin into 12 even slices and arrange on chilled salad plate. Serve with a 2ounce pool of mustard sauce and garnish with red onion and capers.nMix well: ., ingredients: [1 cup creole mustard, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 2 pounds center cut prime sirloin of beef, 12 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup paprika, 1 tablespoon each garlic and onion powder, 1 teaspoon each white, black, and cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon each thyme, basil, oregano, 14 cup salt, 114 sticks whole butter, cut in pats, Red onions, sliced, Capers], title: Chilled Blackened Sirloin of Beef with Creole Mustard Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44472: {instructions: For the seasoning oil: Mix the oil, oregano, cumin, paprika and parsley in a bowl. Refrigerate for half of a day.nFor the green chimichurri: In a food processor add a third of the parsley, roughly chopped. Dissolve the sea salt into 12 cup of water and set aside. Add the olive oil, vegetable oil, red vinegar, rice vinegar, white vinegar and the garlic. Add half of the salt water solution, and start mixing for 3 to 5 minutes. Add in the cumin, oregano, pepper flakes and black pepper. Then add the remaining parsley in 2 batches and mix for 3 to 5 minutes for each batch. Add more of the salt water solution if necessary.nFor the red chimichurri: In a food processor add a third of the parsley, roughly chopped. Dissolve the sea salt into 12 cup of water and set aside. Add the olive oil, vegetable oil, red vinegar, rice vinegar, white vinegar and the garlic. Add half of the salt water solution, and start mixing for 3 to 5 minutes. Add the cayenne pepper, paprika, cumin, pepper flakes, oregano and black pepper, and mix for 6 minutes. Then add the remaining parsley in 2 batches and mix for 3 to 5 minutes for each batch. Add more of the salt water solution if necessary.nFor the citrus vinaigrette: In a small bowl, mix the lemon juice, mustard, salt, pepper and egg yolk with a whisk. Add the olive oil while mixing gently, until emulsified. Add water, up to 14 cup, as needed.nFor the meat and vegetables: Heat the grill to very high heat, 410 degrees F. Reserve one section of the grill separate from the vegetables, and heat to medium heat, 250 degrees F.nSparingly brush the prepared seasoning oil on all sides of the hanger steak, skirt steak, short ribs, pork sausage and blood sausage. Place the meat on the grill at a diagonal angle, and sprinkle the tops of all cuts with sea salt. Turn the meats only diagonally when you see a deep grill mark and the meat is sizzling. Sprinkle the other side of the meat with sea salt and cook the meat until medium rare. For the sweetbreads, cut the lobe in the middle and leave it uncut on one side so it hinges. Coat it in the seasoning oil and sea salt and grill it first on the cut side. Then close it and grill both opposite sides until golden and crisp.nCut the tomato in half and make a cross with a sharp knife in the center of the pulp. Coat with the seasoning oil, and pour a small tablespoon of the oil in the center of the core. Season with salt and add some oregano. Place on the grill, cutside up. Cook until soft with char around the edges and bottom. Coat the green peppers with the seasoning oil and char them until soft and well done.nCut the white bottoms off of the asparagus, and peel them half way up the stalk. Blanch them in salted hot water for 3 minutes in a small pot, and then place them in a medium bowl of ice water. Dry them and coat in the seasoning oil, and sprinkle them with salt. Place them on the grill over medium heat until they are nicely marked on both sides.nPlate the meat, sausages, tomatoes, peppers and asparagus on a traditional wooden Argentine plate, sprinkle with sea salt and serve with the chimichurri sauces and the vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup fresh oregano leaves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon Spanish paprika, 1 bunch fresh Italian parsley leaves, finely chopped, 6 bunches fresh Italian parsley, cleaned and dried, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup red vinegar, 14 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup white vinegar, 12 cloves fresh garlic, peeled, 18 tablespoon cumin, 18 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, 18 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 18 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 bunches fresh Italian parsley, cleaned and dried, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup red vinegar, 14 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup white vinegar, 12 cloves fresh garlic, peeled, 12 cup Spanish paprika, 18 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 18 tablespoon cumin, 18 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 18 tablespoon fresh oregano, 18 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 18 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg yolk, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 10 ounces grassfed hanger steak, 10 ounces grassfed skirt steak, 5 bonein grassfed short ribs, 1 Argentine pork sausage, 1 Argentine blood sausage, 1 lobe veal sweetbreads, Sea salt, 1 vineripe tomato, Chopped fresh oregano, 2 green hot peppers, 8 asparagus stalks], title: Parrillada Argentina with Red and Green Chimichurri Sauces, picturelink: null}, 44473: {instructions: Using a mandoline or sharp knife, slice plantains into 18inch thick ovals on the diagonal. Carefully add plantains to the oil in batches and fry until a tap with a metal spoon sounds hollow, about 1 minute. Remove to a paper towellined plate. Sprinkle lightly with lime zest, lime juice and salt. Transfer to a serving plate and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 green plantains, peeled, 2 limes, zested and juiced, Salt Preheat 1inch of oil in a deep sided skillet over mediumhigh heat to 360 degrees F.], title: Plantain Chips, picturelink: null}, 44474: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine all ingredients. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour for flavors to meld. Serve chilled., ingredients: [2 pounds deli potato salad, 2 tablespoons diced jalapenos recommended: La Victoria, 1 teaspoon Mexican seasoning, 6 dashes chipotle pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 scallion, chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Jalapeno Potato Salad, picturelink: Gn1YQA2BumyU2rTkMiMGBZPAvjWWzO}, 44475: {instructions: Position a rack 3 to 4 inches from the heat source and preheat the broiler. Whisk the lemon juice, garlic, paprika, thyme, olive oil and 12 teaspoon salt in a shallow baking dish. Add the shrimp and toss to coat marinate in the refrigerator, 20 minutes.nTurn the shrimp in the marinade to coat well. One at a time, remove each shrimp and wrap with a piece of bacon secure with a toothpick if desired. Place seamside down on a baking sheet. Spoon any remaining marinade over the shrimp. Broil, turning the shrimp once, until the bacon is slightly crisp and the shrimp are cooked through, about 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [Juice of 1 lemon, 1 clove garlic, grated, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 pound about 24 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails intact, 12 slices bacon, halved], title: BaconWrapped Shrimp, picturelink: kYN6CdKOlua.nP7.t3YhXoShAAJwNHC}, 44476: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt half of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and saute until soft. In a separate skillet, saute the squash in the remaining butter until soft. Alternatively, you can cook the squash in the microwave. Drain excess liquid from squash.nButter a casserole dish and then combine the onion, squash, cheese, green chiles, and soup in the casserole dish. Bake until heated through and cheese is well melted. Remove from oven, stir, and sprinkle bread crumbs on top. Return to the oven and bake 5 more minutes, or until bread crumb mixture is golden., ingredients: [2 ounces butter, divided, plus more for pan, 2 cups diced yellow onion, 2 pounds sliced yellow squash, 1 pound cubed American cheese, 8 ounces canned diced green chiles, 10 ounces cream of celery soup, 34 cup bread crumbs], title: San Antonio Squash Casserole, picturelink: FVYk2QuaYgBSoKj.NgIvjVIPyPN2}, 44477: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and saute 1 minute. Add broccoli and cranberries and saute 3 minutes, until broccoli is crisptender. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 4 cups broccoli florets, 12 cup sweetened dried cranberries, Salt and ground black pepper], title: GarlicSpiked Broccoli with Cranberries, picturelink: 0l4B8RwU3vGqiphyA7QEBjRUdwENHnW}, 44478: {instructions: Line a 6 to 8ounce ramekin with plastic wrap, then line the plastic wrap with thinly sliced pound cake. Fill the ramekin with ice cream, then cover the top with a slice of pound cake. Put the filled ramekin in the freezer while you make your meringue. Unmold the bomb, and ice with the meringue. You can freeze the bomb until you are ready to serve it. Caramelize the bomb with a torch, or flash under a broiler to finish.nHeat the sugar, water, and lemon juice over low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Bring to a boil without stirring. to the soft ball stage, 234 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Meanwhile, stiffly whisk the egg whites and cream of tartar, using an electric mixer. Gradually pour in the hot syrup, with the mixer running. Whip until the mixture cools off a bit and whites hold stiff peaks., ingredients: [1 butter pound cake, store bought, Chocolate and coffee ice cream, or ice cream of your choice, Italian Meringue, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 4 egg whites, Pinch cream of tartar], title: Java Bomb, picturelink: null}, 44479: {instructions: Preheat oven to 550 degrees. Rub chicken with oil, then salt and pepper. Place chicken, breast side up, in the oven and cook for about 25 minutes or until golden brown. May have to rotate the chicken for even coloring. As chicken is cooking, in a saute pan, add a little oil and quickly brown the garlic, ginger, scallions and jalapeno. Add mixture to cooled rice. Rice should end up a bit sticky. Check for seasoning. When chicken is fully browned, stuff with rice and turn the oven down to 300 degrees. Cover with foil to prevent burning. Chicken will take another 45 to 55 minutes. Chicken is done when one can move the wing back and forth with great ease. Allow chicken to rest for 10 minutes before serving.nIn a pot of boiling, well salted water, blanch scallion and spinach for 30 seconds and shock in ice bath. Squeeze out water and place in blender cup with salt and sugar. With blender on high speed, add canola oil in a steady stream. Blend for 5 minutes until cup gets slightly warm. This oil may be done a day in advance and will keep in the refrigerator for at least 1 week., ingredients: [1 5 to 6 pound whole chicken, washed, patted dry preferably organic, 2 12 cups cooked calrosesushi rice, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 12 cup sliced scallions, 1 minced jalapeno or 2 serrano chiles, Salt and black pepper to taste, Garnish with scallion oil, recipe follows, 2 bunch scallions, green part only, 1 cup spinach leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 cups canola oil], title: Roasted Chicken with Fried Rice Stuffing and Scallion Oil, picturelink: null}, 44480: {instructions: Butter the bottom and sides of a 9inch round cake pan with 2inch sides. Line the bottom with a round of parchment paper and butter the paper. Coat the pan with flour, shaking out the excess.nBeat the egg whites with 2 tablespoons sugar until it forms soft peaks set aside in the refrigerator. Sift the potato starch and baking powder into a bowl.nIn an electric mixer, cream the butter with a pinch of salt until smooth. Add remaining 1 cup sugar gradually, beating until well blended. Add the egg yolks 1 at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping down the sides of the bowl once or twice. Beat in the lemon zest and vanilla. Add the sifted potato starch and baking powder all at once. Mix until just blended. Fold half of the beaten whites into the batter mixture to lighten it, then gently fold in the remaining whites. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan, leveling it with a spatula.nPlace in a cold oven and then preheat to 350 degrees F. Bake until the cake is well raised, nicely browned, and beginning to pull away from the sides of the pan, 50 to 55 minutes. Let cool completely in the pan on a rack, then invert onto the rack and carefully remove the parchment paper. Invert again onto a serving platter. Put the confectioners sugar in a sieve and lightly dust the surface of the cake, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, softened, to coat pan, Unbleached allpurpose flour, to coat pan, 3 large eggs, separated, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 1 13 cups sifted potato starch not potato flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, Pinch gray salt, 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar, to serve], title: Lemon Sandcake, picturelink: null}, 44481: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace chicken in ziptop bags and pound with a meat mallet or rolling pin until 14inch thick. Remove chicken from bag and season all over with salt and black pepper. In a shallow dish or plastic bag, combine flour, lemon zest, paprika, and garlic powder. Mix well. Add chicken and turn to coat. Remove chicken from flour mixture and shake off excess flour.nHeat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add chicken and saute 2 minutes per side, until golden brown and cooked through. Add lemon juice, wine and chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Simmer 5 minutes, until chicken is cooked through and sauce thickens. Add artichoke hearts and capers and simmer 1 minute to heat through.nCook rice according to package directions, adding lima beans at the beginning of cooking process. Serve chicken and sauce with rice., ingredients: [4 4ounce boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, Salt and ground black pepper, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 14ounce can artichoke hearts, quartered, 14 cup drained capers, 1 cup quickcooking brown rice, 12 cup frozen lima beans], title: Chicken Piccata with Lemon, Capers and Artichoke Hearts, picturelink: 0l4B8RwU3vGqiphyA7QEBjRUdwENHnW}, 44482: {instructions: Make the dressing by whisking all the ingredients together in a small bowl. Toss all the salad ingredients together in a large mixing bowl.nJust before serving, toss the salad with the dressing. Keep refrigerated and covered until ready to use., ingredients: [2 limes, juiced, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 20 grinds fresh black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small head green cabbage, trimmed, cored, and shredded, 12 small head red cabbage, trimmed, cored, and shredded, 1 15ounce can corn kernels, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, washed, dried, and finely chopped, 1 bunch scallions, washed, dried, and thinly sliced into rounds], title: Latin Cabbage and Corn Salad, picturelink: 5tcWDjssCU0KDZ.scCBKxRXTWRYVCS}, 44483: {instructions: For the sweet potato mash: Put the sweet potatoes in a saucepan with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and simmer until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and mash with a masher or fork. Mix in the butter and season with salt and pepper. Keep warm until serving.nFor the sauteed kale: Heat a saute pan to medium heat. Add the bacon to the pan and cook until the fat is rendered and the bacon is almost crisp. Add the garlic and onions and sweat until the vegetables are transparent. Add the kale and saute until wilted, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. ReservenFor the chicken breasts: Heat a large saute pan to medium heat. Sprinkle the chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Add the grapeseed oil to the pan, followed by the chicken. Cook until the breasts are cooked through, about 4 minutes on each side. Transfer to a plate to rest and top with the butter, letting it melt over the chicken. Reserve.nFor the red wine feta sauce: Put the wine in a small saucepan and cook until reduced by almost half. Add the demiglace and reduce until the sauce coats the back of a spoon. Remove from the heat and whisk in the melted butter from the chicken plate. Fold in the feta and season with salt and pepper.nTo serve: Spoon some sweet potato mash in the center of each plate, making a well in the middle. Spoon some kale in the well of the sweet potato mash. Top with a chicken breast and spoon on some of the red wine feta sauce. Enjoy, ingredients: [3 to 4 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into uniform large dice, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces bacon, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small white onion, finely diced, 4 cups kale, julienned or chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 6 to 8ounce chicken breasts, pounded out lightly, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup red wine, 2 cups prepared demiglace, 12 cup crumbled Greek feta, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Breasts with Sweet Potato Mash, Sauteed Kale and a Red Wine Feta Sauce Reduction, picturelink: null}, 44484: {instructions: Special equipment: Nigiri sushi mold or plastic ice cube traynTo make sweet sticky sushi rice: In a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, melt the butter and marshmallows until completely soft. Remove from the heat and stir in the cooked rice until well blended. Spray the nigiri mold or ice cube tray lightly with nonstick spray. Take slices of the fruit medley and place in the bottom of the mold or ice cube tray. Spoon in rice and press gently into the fruit. Unmold the sushi and top with mini chocolate chips and toasted coconut, if desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 23 cup minimarshmallows, 2 cups cooked rice any, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 banana, thinly sliced, 12 pint fruit medley, like strawberries, pineapple, kiwi, and cantaloupe, Thinly sliced mini chocolate chips and toasted shredded coconut, for topping sushi, optional], title: Fun Fruit Sushi, picturelink: t8Iff1cNlyYQnzm0rFlz8UUSyFtJdS}, 44485: {instructions: Combine the mint, basil, tuna and lemon zest in a large bowl and stir gently. Taste and season with sea salt and freshly ground pepper. Add the extravirgin olive oil, if using.nSpoon generous portions of tuna onto the crackers or endive pieces. Garnish with lemon wedges, mint and basil sprigs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [10 leaves fresh mint, finely sliced chiffonade, plus more for garnish, 6 leaves fresh basil, finely sliced chiffonade , plus more for garnish, 2 sushigrade tuna steaks 1 14inch thick, 14inch dice, Zest of 1 lemon, plus lemon wedges for garnish, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, optional, Flatbread crackers, broken into bitesize pieces, for serving, Endive leaves, cut into 1 to 2inch pieces, for serving], title: Tuna Tartare, picturelink: null}, 44486: {instructions: Add the sugar, water and 14 cup of the lime juice to a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Remove from heat and let cool.nAdd a few ice cubes to two chilled highball glasses. To each glass, add 2 ounces of the lime simple syrup and 1 tablespoon of the remaining lime juice. Divide the grenadine between the glasses and top off with club soda.nGarnish with a lime wheel and 1 or 2 maraschino cherries., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 34 cup water, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 4 ounces grenadine, 12 ounces club soda, chilled, Lime wheels, for garnish, 2 to 4 maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: Sparkling Cherry Lime Soda, picturelink: LmwrDV.ZGWyyJPlRqUHxiB4gaglTsdm}, 44487: {instructions: Saute 112 pounds chopped peeled turnips in olive oil over mediumhigh heat until tender, 8 minutes season with salt. Add 12 diced red onion, 12 teaspoon chopped rosemary and a pinch ofred pepper flakes cook 2 minutes. Add 3 tablespoons each white wine vinegar, honeygolden raisins. Cook, stirring, until the turnips are glazed, 1 to 2 minutes. Toss with chopped parsley season with salt.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Glazed Turnips with Golden Raisins, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 44488: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace your palm flat against the top of each chicken breast and carefully slice each piece in half horizontally youll be left with 4 thinner chicken breast pieces. Place each chicken cutlet between 2 sheets of waxed paper and use the smooth side of a mallet or a rolling pin to pound them until theyre very thin. If you think theyre thin enoughu00bfpound em a few more times The thinner the better.nIn a dish, whisk together the milk and eggs. Place the flour in another dish and mix in some salt and pepper. Place the breadcrumbs in a third dish. Set the 3 dishes aside for a sec.nSalt and pepper both sides of the chicken pieces, then dredge them 1 at a time in the flour, then quickly dunk both sides in the egg mixture and then coat both sides in the breadcrumbs. Lay each piece on a plate until youre ready to cook them.nHeat 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over mediumlow heat. When its melted and hot, add 2 pieces of the breaded chicken and cook, flipping once, until the breading is golden brown and the chicken is cooked, 2 to 3 minutes per side transfer the chicken to a clean plate. Add the other tablespoon of butter and oil to the skillet and cook the other 2 pieces of chicken.nTo serve, place 1 piece of cooked chicken on each plate. Top generously with arugula. Sprinkle with a little kosher salt, drizzle with balsamic vinegar and sprinkle on some Parmesan shavings. Serve with a lemon wedge on the side., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 14 cup whole milk, 3 large eggs, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup seasoned breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Arugula, for serving, Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, 12 cup fresh Parmesan shavings, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Chicken Milanese, picturelink: 9PtJVGJJdEbdldTzq6jSOIW4ZqsBu6}, 44489: {}, 44490: {instructions: Cut away the lower 4th of the asparagus and peel the stalk. This way the entire spear is edible will cook more quickly and at the same rate.nBring 2 inches of water to a boil in a casserole or skillet large enough to accommodate the asparagus in one single flat layer.nAdd the asparagus to the water, cover and quickly bring the water back to a boil. Uncover the skillet and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes or until the asparagus are just tender. They should be just cooked through but still with some crunch left it.nServing suggestions: For 1 pound asparagus, melt 4 tablespoons butter and mash in 2 hard boiled eggs. Season to taste with salt, pepper and snipped fresh chives. Dip warm asparagus into the mixture and accompany with bread.nServe asparagus at room temperature, either plain or dressed with vinaigrette and accompanied with goat cheese bruschetta., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus 6 to 8 medium spears per person], title: Asparagus for Dinner, picturelink: null}, 44491: {instructions: Put the creme fraiche, eggs, and vanilla paste in the blender and puree. Pour the melted chocolate into the running blender. Puree until smooth and emulsified.nSift all the dry ingredients sugar, 5 teaspoons salt, flour, cocoa powder, atomized chocolate together into a large mixing bowl.nMake a well in the center of the bowl. Stir the blended mixture into the dry ingredients. Let it rest 30 minutes at room temperature.nPress mixture through a spaetzle press.into a large pot of boiling water. Cook for 1 minute after they float. Drain. Put into a large bowl and toss with a pinch of salt and enough olive oil just to coat.nHeat up a large griddle and coat with oil. Toss the cooked spaetzle onto the hot griddle with some drained macerated strawberries. Cook until the spaetzle has crisped up a bitnTop with chocolate meringue, and strawberry sorbet.nToss the strawberries in the simple syrup and let them sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nYield: 2 to 3 servingsnPreheat oven to 200 degrees F.nWhip whites and sugar together in a large mixing bowl with an electric mixer. Sift together cocoa and powdered sugar. Fold the dry ingredients into the meringue when it has reached full volume. Then fold in the cocoa nibs. Spread the chocolate meringue onto a parchment paper lined sheet pan, sprayed with nonstick spray, about 14inch thick.nBake for about 1 hour or until the meringue is hard and completely dried out.nYield: 3 to 5 servingsnHeat the water and sugar in a saucepan until the sugar dissolves completely. Cool. Puree the strawberries with enough simple syrup to cover in the blender. Strain through a sieve. Stir the remaining simple syrup into the strained strawberry puree.nSpin in an ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturers instructions.nYield: 12 gallon, ingredients: [8 12 ounces creme fraiche, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla paste or extract, 2 ounces, 70 percent chocolate, melted, 1ounce sugar, 5 teaspoons salt, plus a pinch, 7 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 12 ounces cocoa powder, 1 12 ounces atomized chocolate, Olive oil, Macerated Strawberries, Chocolate Meringue, Strawberry Sorbet, 2 cups fresh halved strawberries, 12 cup simple syrup equal parts water and sugar heated until sugar dissolves cool, 4 12 ounces egg whites, 4 12 ounces sugar, 34 ounces cocoa, 1ounce 10X powdered sugar, 34ounce cacao nibs, 1 pound strawberries, cleaned and hulled, 1 pint water, 1 pound granulated sugar], title: Chocolate Spaetzle, picturelink: UMUvl2kyeITOuew5UsWBypHipZiR2rW}, 44492: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat the inside of a flameproof such as enameled cast ironn9 12 by 12 by 4inch baking dish with the butter.nSeason the lamb chops with 12 teaspoon of the salt. In a large skillet, heat the oil over high heat. In batches, cook the lamb chops, turning once, until browned on both sides, about 4 minutes. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, mix the potatoes, onion, thyme, garlic, pepper, and the remainingn2 teaspoons salt. Spread half of the potatoes in the dish. Arrange the lamb chops on top, then cover with the remaining potatoes. Pour the lamb stock and chicken stock into the dish. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Cover tightly with aluminum foil. Bake until the potatoes are very tender, about 3 12 hours. During the last 30 minutes, remove the foil so the potatoes can brown lightly., ingredients: [12 lamb rib chops, welltrimmed of excess fat, 2 12 teaspoons fine sea salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, 2 12 pounds 3 medium Idaho or russet potatoes, peeled and sliced into 18inch thick rounds, 1 cup julienned onion, rinsed in cold water, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 14 cups lamb or veal stock, 2 14 cups chicken stock], title: Lamb Chops Champvallon, picturelink: null}, 44493: {instructions: For the sauce: Mix together the tomato sauce, cilantro, cumin, harissa, paprika and cinnamon.nFor the meatballs: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Soak the bread in just enough water to cover for 1 minute. Pour into a colander and let sit for 10 minutes. Squeeze all the excess water out.nMeanwhile, gently cook the onions and garlic until translucent. Let cool, then transfer to a bowl. Add the chuck, pork, cilantro, parsley, cumin, paprika, pepper, salt, chile powder, ginger and eggs and mix thoroughly.nPortion and shape the mixture into 3 12ounce balls. Heat oil over mediumhigh heat in a large saute pan and brown the meatballs on all sides.nTransfer to a large baking dish, cover with the meatball sauce and wrap with aluminum foil. Braise the meatballs in the oven until cooked through but not dry, 20 minutes.nLet cool slightly, then serve., ingredients: [1 gallon tomato sauce, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup ground cumin, 14 cup harissa, 3 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 gallon bread cubes, dayold, no crust, 5 cups minced yellow onions, 34 cup minced garlic, 5 pounds ground chuck, 5 pounds ground pork, 34 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 34 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup cumin seeds, ground, 14 cup smoked paprika, 14 cup black peppercorns, ground, 14 cup salt, 4 teaspoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 10 eggs, whipped before adding, Vegetable oil], title: Moroccan Meatballs, picturelink: jebQ7DuSi34u2SjtzOP2vdxGjuUQeVi}, 44494: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, 9 to 11 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nMeanwhile, combine the tomato juice, vodka, lemon juice, horseradish, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, celery salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a pitcher refrigerate until ready to serve.nPour the Bloody Mary mixture into 6 large icefilled glasses. Add a piece of bacon and a celery stalk to each.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 slices peppered bacon, 3 14 cups tomato juice, 1 14 cups baconflavored vodka or regular vodka, 13 cup fresh lemon juice from about 3 lemons, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 2 teaspoons chipotle hot sauce, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon celery salt, Freshly ground pepper, 6 stalks celery with leaves], title: Smoky Bloody Marys, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 44495: {instructions: In a saucepan cook the onion, celery and carrots in the oil over moderate heat until softened.Add the fresh and dried tomatoes, garlic, and cheesecloth bag and bring to boil. Simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes. Discard the cheesecloth bag. In a food processor or blender puree the mixture in batches. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 cups onion, minced, 23 cup celery, minced, 12 cup carrot, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 pounds plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, or 1 28 ounce can tomatoes, 3 ounces sundried tomatoes not packed in oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Cheesecloth bag containing 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 6 parsley sprigs, and 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Fresh and SunDried Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44496: {instructions: Bring 14 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup plum jam, 1 cup mini marshmallows and 1 tablespoon water to a boil in a large pot over medium heat, stirring. Add 12 teaspoon almond extract and a pinch of salt. Remove from the heat using a rubber spatula, stir in 12 cups popcorn until coated. Butter your hands, then shape into balls and roll in coarse sugar.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Sugar Plum Popcorn Balls, picturelink: 2FTPnYfleE.hHZDIDdOd.8l.6m8OWI.}, 44497: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, cream butter and sugar together until fluffy. Beat in the egg, vanilla, and almond extract. Sift the flour over the top, add the salt and the chopped almonds and fold to combine.nPull off little pieces of the dough and roll them into balls about 1inch in diameter, enclosing a whole almond in the center of each one. Place on an ungreased baking sheet and bake on the center rack of the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, until light brown. Transfer to racks to cool slightly. When cool enough to handle, roll 12 the cookies in the cocoa powder, and the remaining 12 in the confectioners sugar. Serve warm or return to the rack to cool., ingredients: [34 unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 2 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup coarsely chopped almonds, 14 cup whole unpeeled almonds, 14 cup cocoa powder, 14 cup confectioners sugar], title: Almond Cookies, picturelink: null}, 44498: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the goat cheese, cream cheese, parmesan and 2 tablespoons olive oil in a food processor and season with pepper puree until smooth. Brush a 1quart baking dish with olive oil, then spread the cheese mixture in the dish, mounding it slightly higher around the edge than in the middle. Bake until golden and heated through, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the tomatoes, chives, vinegar, garlic, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Spoon the tomato mixture on top of the dip. Serve with baguette slices.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 10ounce log goat cheese, at room temperature, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, Freshly ground pepper, 8 small cocktail tomatoes about 10 ounces, quartered, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt, Toasted baguette slices, for serving], title: Baked Goat Cheese Dip, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 44499: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSprinkle the cheese evenly over the bottom of the pie crust. Top with the crab meat and sprinkle with the scallions. Whisk together the heavy cream, lemon zest, mustard, seafood seasoning, salt, mace and eggs in a bowl. Pour the egg mixture into the pie crust.nBake until the custard sets, about 40 minutes. Let stand for 15 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [4 ounces gruyere cheese, shredded, One 9inch pie shell, parbaked and pricked with a fork, 1 pound fresh white crabmeat, drained, 2 scallions, minced, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch ground mace, 3 eggs, beaten], title: Crab Quiche, picturelink: FummqPSs7CAr0xEAD9NLbFE9j45fkXu}, 44500: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients in a bowl and mix well. Divide portions into 4 bowls and serve immediately, well chilled. Garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [12 pound Maine shrimp, 12 lemon, juiced, Pinch coarse sea salt, 2 turns fresh black pepper, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, from Tuscany, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Sweet Maine Shrimp Crudo, picturelink: null}, 44501: {instructions: In a small bowl add refried beans and sour cream. Mix together and place in microwave for 2 minutes.nAdd 6 eggs and a dash of salt and pepper another bowl. Whip for 1 minute and add chives.nIn a large saute pan over medium high heat, add oil. Add meat and brown until cooked, approximately 6 minutes. Add onions, garlic and pepper and saute until fragrant. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nIn a saute pan, add oil. Pour about 2ounces of egg into pan. With a rubber spatula, flip eggs to cook other side. Repeat with remaining egg.nLay tortillas out on a cutting board. With a rubber spatula, spread refried beans onto tortilla. Place about a 12 cup of beef mixture in center. Fold tortilla into a burrito. Repeat with remaining tortillas.nWrap egg on the outside of the tortilla wrap. Top with cheese. Place in microwave for 3 minutes to melt cheese. Top with salsa and sour cream., ingredients: [1 10ounce can refried beans, 1 teaspoon sour cream, 6 jumbo eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chives, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound ground beef, 1 small onion minced, 1 clove garlic minced, 1 tablespoon minced poblano pepper, 5 6inch flour tortillas, 1 cup shredded Colby cheese, Salsa, for topping, Sour cream, for topping], title: Eggscellent Bean and Beef Burrito, picturelink: null}, 44502: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 400 degrees F. Whisk the flour, cream of tartar, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and 34 cup granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg, then the molasses and orange zest. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the flour mixture until just combined.nCombine the cinnamon and the remaining 3 tablespoons granulated sugar in a small bowl. Roll heaping tablespoonfuls of dough into balls, then roll in the cinnamon sugar to coat. Arrange 2 inches apart on 2 ungreased baking sheets. Sprinkle with coarse sugar.nBake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are just set around the edges but the centers are still soft, 11 to 13 minutes. Let cool 3 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan DauschnPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 400 degrees F. Whisk the flour, cream of tartar, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and 34 cup granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg, then the molasses and orange zest. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the flour mixture until just combined.nCombine the cinnamon and the remaining 3 tablespoons granulated sugar in a small bowl. Roll heaping tablespoonfuls of dough into balls, then roll in the cinnamon sugar to coat. Arrange 2 inches apart on 2 ungreased baking sheets. Sprinkle with coarse sugar.nBake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are just set around the edges but the centers are still soft, 11 to 13 minutes. Let cool 3 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup plus 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons molasses, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Coarse sugar, for decorating, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup plus 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons molasses, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Coarse sugar, for decorating], title: OrangeMolasses Snickerdoodles, picturelink: ZEgzHbZyFAXQoNu0PxaAsbBfVfwDxr.}, 44503: {instructions: Heat oil in a large deep frying pan adding chopped onions and fry for 4 to 5 minutes on a medium heat or once the onions are slightly brown. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for a further 1 or 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, salt, chili powder, green chili, ground cumin and turmeric.nTurn up the heat and further cook for another 1 minute then put in the chicken. It is very crucial that spices are mixed within the pan at this point to ensure that the chicken cooks with texture and flavor. Add water after stirring the chicken into the spices.nTurn down the heat slightly and stir in the garam masala and fenugreek and cook for a further 5 minutes, also adding in the bell pepper stirring now and again. Serve sprinkled with green coriander., ingredients: [6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon ginger, julienne, 2 to 3 fresh tomatoes, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 green chili, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 pound chicken, cooked, 1 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons garam masala, 12 teaspoon dried fenugreek, 12 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped green coriander], title: Chicken Karahi, picturelink: null}, 44504: {instructions: 1. Heat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a deep, heavy pan until oil reaches a temperature of 350 degrees F.n2. Combine flour, baking powder and garlic powder in a shallow bowl. Beat egg in separate bowl.n3. When oil comes up to temperature, dip Vlasicu00ae Ovals Hamburger Dill Chips in egg and then in flour mixture and add to oil. Cook until golden brown, flipping over while cooking, about 2 minutes.n4. Set aside on a paper towel to drain.n5. Heat 2 teaspoons vegetable oil into a separate cast iron or fry pan and heat until oil shimmers. Add burger to pan.n6. While burger is cooking, add bun, cut side down, to fry pan. Heat until grilled, 2 to 3 minutes, then remove.n7. Cook burger to desired doneness and turn off heat. Lay American cheese on burger and cover pan until melted.n8. On bottom of bun, layer lettuce, tomato and burger. Top with ranch dressing, fried pickles and top of bun.n9. Serve additional fried pickles on the side., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable oil plus additional vegetable oil for deep frying, 12 cup flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 large egg, beaten, 10 to 12 Vlasicu00ae Ovals Hamburger Dill Chips, 6 oz. ground beef patty or veggie patty, 1 hamburger bun, 1 slice American cheese, 1 to 2 leaves of green leaf lettuce, 1 slice tomato, 1 tablespoon ranch dressing], title: State Fair Fried Pickle Burger, picturelink: null}, 44505: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Store in refrigerator. Will keep for 5 to 7 days in an airtight container. Stir before using. Cook like regular pancakes on a flat griddle. Use vegetable spray on the griddle. Make the pancakes no larger than 4 inches across. Flip carefully as they are very soft and have a tendency to tear. Serve with berry preserves or fresh seasonal berries., ingredients: [5 pounds cottage cheese, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 8 ounces clarified butter, Pinch salt, 11 lemons, zest finely grated or chopped, 8 whole eggs, 16 ounces superfine sugar, Berry preserves or fresh berries, as accompaniment], title: Lemon Cottage Cheese Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 44506: {instructions: Special equipment: 3quart trifle dishnHeat 4 cups of the milk in a large saucepan over medium heat until steaming. Whisk the sugar, cornstarch and 12 teaspoon salt together in a large bowl whisk in the egg yolks and the remaining 12 cup milk. Whisk half of the hot milk into the egg mixture until smooth, and then gradually whisk the egg mixture back into the pan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils. Once it boils, continue to whisk over medium heat until it has thickened to a puddinglike consistency, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the mascarpone cheese until melted. Transfer to a bowl or baking dish a 9 by 13inch baking dish will speed up the cooling process and cool slightly, stirring a few times to prevent a skin from forming. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the pudding and refrigerate until completely cooled and thickened, about 2 hours.nTo assemble, loosen the chilled pudding by whisking it vigorously until smooth and creamy. Stir the espresso and coffee liqueur together in a small bowl. Dip some vanilla wafers in the espresso mixture, soaking completely for a couple of seconds. Stand the soaked cookies around the bottom of a 3quart trifle dish to make a decorative ring.nDip more vanilla wafers and stack two layers of soaked cookies on the bottom of the dish within the ring of standing cookies. Spoon 2 cups of pudding on top of the cookies. Smooth the pudding to the edge of the dish with a small spatula. Layer half of the banana slices evenly over the pudding. Repeat with two more layers of soaked cookies, 2 cups of pudding and the remaining bananas.nTop with the remaining cookies and then the remaining pudding. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the pudding. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nLightly dust with unsweetened cocoa powder just before serving., ingredients: [4 12 cups milk, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup cornstarch, Kosher salt, 5 large egg yolks, beaten, 2 cups mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup prepared espresso, at room temperature, 14 cup coffee liqueur, One 11ounce box vanilla wafer cookies, 6 ripe bananas, sliced into 14inch rounds, Unsweetened cocoa powder, for dusting], title: Banana Pudding Tiramisu, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 44507: {instructions: Place the flour with the coriander, cumin, garlic powder and ground mustard in a shallow dish, and mix well with a wooden spoon. Generously sprinkle the short ribs with salt and pepper, then dredge both sides in the seasoned flour one by one, making sure to shake off any excess flour.nIn a large Dutch oven over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons oil. When the oil smokes, add the short ribs in batches. Brown the short ribs until a golden crust starts to form, about 5 minutes on each side. Once brown, reserve and continue until all the ribs are brown, adding more oil as needed. Set the ribs aside.nWhile the short ribs are browning, heat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the skillet is hot, add the pasilla chiles and toast until they start to smoke, about 4 minutes. Remove the chiles and submerge in the hot water. Allow to steep until they become soft and pliable, about 10 minutes. Remove from the water and puree in a blender with 14 cup of the steeping water. Set aside the puree.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the carrots, garlic, onions and celery to the Dutch oven. Cook until the vegetables caramelize, about 15 minutes. Deglaze the pot with the red wine, and then add the tomatoes, beef broth, hominy and reserved pasilla chile puree. Bring the whole mixture to a simmer. Start adding all the browned short ribs back into the pan. Cover and cook until the short ribs barely start falling off the bone, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nSeason with salt, pepper, cilantro and parsley garnish with a lime wedge and serve., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon ground mustard seeds, 2 pounds beef short ribs, cleaned, excess fat removed and cut into 2inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for browning, 6 dried pasilla chiles, seeded and stemmed, 1 cup hot water, 2 carrots, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 white onion, roughly chopped, 12 bunch celery, roughly chopped, 2 cups red wine, 2 tomatoes, quartered, 3 to 4 cups beef broth, Two 16ounce cans white hominy or pozole, drained, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Braised Short Ribs in Pasilla Chile Pozole, picturelink: null}, 44508: {instructions: With a small knife trim a strip down the length of the rounded side of each celery rib to form a flat bottom and cut the ribs on the diagonal into 1 12inch boats. Put the celery boats in a bowl of ice and cold water and chill them, covered, until ready to assemble the hors doeuvres. Cut 6 ounces of the Gruyere into 1inchjulienne strips and grate fine the remaining 2 ounces. In a food processor or blender combine the grated Gruyere and the pine nuts and blend the mixture until it is minced fine. Add the basil and the vinegar and blend the mixture until it is a paste. With the motor running add the oil in a stream and blend the pesto until it is emulsified. In a bowl toss the julienned Gruyere with the pesto and fill the celery boats, drained and patted dry, with the mixture. The hors doeuvres may be made up to 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Serve the hors doeuvres at room temperature., ingredients: [1 bunch of celery, separated into ribs, washed well, trimmed, and strings, 12 pound Gruyere, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 12 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 13 cup olive oil], title: Celery Boats with Gruyere Pesto, picturelink: null}, 44509: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small skillet, melt the 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat and saute the habaneros until tender, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool slightly.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, salt, baking powder and Parmesan. Mix together the egg, milk and habaneros in a separate bowl. Mix the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients by hand. When themixture comes together, knead it a few times. Roll the dough into 8 balls the size of a golf ball and arrange on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake until golden, about 25 minutes.nTropical butter: In a small bowl, blend the butter, pineapple, honey and a pinch of salt until combined. Put butter in a small container and refrigerate until ready to use.nArrange the buns on a serving platter and serve warm with Tropical Butter., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large or 2 small habanero peppers, seeded and finely chopped, 1 cup yucca flour sometimes called tapioca or cassava flour, Pinch kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup drained crushed pineapple, 1 tablespoon honey, Kosher salt], title: Sunnys Bammy Buns with Tropical Butter, picturelink: null}, 44510: {instructions: Combine all of the seasoning ingredients in a small bowl.nMelt the butter in soup pot over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Stir in the sliced mushrooms and saute until the mushrooms are soft and reduced in size. Add the Chaps seasoning blend and stir. Deglaze the pot with 1 cup red wine and let it come to a boil. Add the chicken stock, heavy cream, and halfandhalf. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Cool slightly before adding it to a blender.nCarefully pour the mushroom mixture into a blender. Blend until the mushrooms are all consistently chopped into small pieces. Add the mixture to the soup pot and bring it up to a simmer. Slowly stir in the cheeses while mixing with a whip or whisk. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, if needed. Ladle the soup into bowls and enjoy, ingredients: [2 parts kosher salt, 2 parts granulated garlic, 1 part dry whole thyme, 1 part paprika, 12 part ground black pepper, 2 cups butter, 1 cup diced onions, 12 cup chopped garlic, 3 pounds mushrooms, sliced, 3 tablespoons Chaps seasoning blend, 2 cups red wine, 3 cups fresh chicken stock, 4 cups heavy cream, 3 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups shredded Brie cheese, 2 cups shredded pepper jack cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mushroom and Brie Soup, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 44511: {instructions: Heat a wok over high heat. Add the canola oil. Add the ginger and onions and saute until translucent, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and the fermented black beans and cook for another 1 minute. Add the hoisin sauce, rice wine and chicken stock. Bring to a simmer and let cook for 5 minutes for flavors to combine. Combine the cornstarch and water to make a slurry. Whisk the slurry into the mixture and let simmer for 3 minutes. Add the clams and cover. Cook, covered, for 3 minutes, or until the clams begin to open. Remove the cover and add the bell peppers, snow peas and jalapenos. Toss the mixture together until all of the clams open. Remove from heat and garnish with scallions and cilantro. Discard any unopened clams., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 12 cup julienne onions, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 12 cup fermented black beans, chopped, 1 tablespoon Hoisin sauce, 12 cup Chinese rice wine, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons water, 4 dozen manila clams, cleaned, 1 cup julienne red bell peppers, 2 cups julienne snow peas, 2 jalapenos, seeds and stem removed and julienned, 4 scallions, sliced thin on the bias, 2 tablespoons cilantro, for garnish], title: Stir Fried Clams and Vegetables in Black Bean Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44512: {instructions: For the chicken: In a large bowl, sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Add the cornstarch and toss to coat.nFor the sauce: In another smaller bowl, combine the stock, cornstarch, oyster sauce, soy sauce and chili sauce. Mix well and set aside.nFor the stirfry: Heat a wok over high heat and, when the wok starts to smoke, add the peanut oil. Add the ginger and stirfry for a few seconds. Then add the chicken, let settle for 1 minute, and then stirfry for 3 minutes more. As the chicken starts to turn opaque, add the rice wine and stirfry for 30 seconds. Stir in the reserved sauce and bring to a boil. Add the mushrooms and bok choy stalks and cook for 1 minute. Then stir in the bok choy leaves and cook for another minute. Remove from the heat and stir in half the scallions. Transfer to a serving dish, garnish with the remaining scallions and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 boneless and skinless chicken thighs, cut into 2inch cubes, Pinch salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 cup vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 heaping teaspoon Guilin chili sauce, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced into coins, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine, 4 fresh shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 4 baby bok choy, white parts cut into 1inch pieces leaving green parts whole, 2 large scallions, thinly sliced], title: Oyster Sauce Chicken with Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 44513: {instructions: Preheat pizza stone in 450 degree F oven for at least 30 minutes. If not using a pizza stone, use a flat sided or upsidedown cookie sheet.nPlace the ricotta in a bowl. Add 1 handful sugar and the vanilla and whisk well. While whisking, add in the melted chocolate, little by little.nOn a lightly floured pizza peel or board, roll pizza dough out into 2 12inch rounds about 14inch thick. Spoon 1 cup of chocolate filling into center of each round. Plac the remaining chopped chocolate on top. Brush the edges of the dough with beaten egg white and fold each round in 12. Fold edges over as you would a piecrust and press to seal completely. Brush off excess flour from dough, brush with more of the egg white and sprinkle with sugar.nSlide chocolate calzone onto preheated pizza stone and bake for 30 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [12 pound premade pizza dough, purchased at grocer store or local pizzaria, 2 15ounce containers whole milk ricotta, 2 cups superfine sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 34 cup bittersweet chocolate, melted in microwave or double boiler, plus 12 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate, Pinch salt, 2 egg whites, beaten until frothy], title: Chocolate Calzone, picturelink: 7sS9nNQ068FHH1rYRcX1t.w2PZQ.b1K}, 44514: {instructions: For the relish: Add cranberries and apple to a food processor and pulse until finely chopped, about 10 to 12 pulses. Transfer the mixture to a bowl. Stir in the orange zest, sugar, juice and salt. Cover and refrigerate for at least and hour and up to 3 days. For the spoons: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a small bowl, whisk the egg with 2 teaspoons water to make an egg wash. Combine the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and mix well. On a floured work surface, lay out the puff pastry sheets. Using a spoonshaped cookie cutter about 4by1 inches, cut out 16 spoons per sheet, making 32 all together between the 2 sheets of pastry. Transfer the spoons to the prepared baking sheet, brush with egg wash and sprinkle liberally with cinnamon sugar. Bake the spoons until they have puffed and are golden brown, about 10 to 12 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack. Spoon 12 tablespoon chilled relish on the end of each spoon before serving. Garnish with pomegranate seeds if using., ingredients: [Relish:, 1 12 cups fresh cranberries, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and roughly chopped, Zest of 1 orange, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 14 teaspoon salt, Spoons:, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, Flour, for dusting, One 17.3ounce box frozen puff pastry, thawed, Pomegranate seeds, for garnish optional], title: CranApple Relish on Cinnamon Sugar Spoons, picturelink: null}, 44515: {instructions: In large saucepan, combine squash and broth. Bring to boil, then reduce heat to medium. Simmer until squash is very tender, about 20 minutes.nRemove from heat and let stand until slightly cooled puree in batches in blender.nReturn puree to saucepan and place over mediumlow heat. Stir in sour cream, cheddar, butter and red pepper. Season with salt and pepper.nStir until heated through do not allow to boil. Taste soup, adding sugar if squash was not particularly sweet. Serve sprinkled with chives.nRecipe courtesy Chef Jon Ashton, ingredients: [2 pounds butternut squash, peeled and cut into chunks, 4 cups chicken or vegetable broth, 1 cup Cabot Light Sour Cream or Regular Sour Cream, 2 ounces Cabot 50 Reduced Fat Cheddar, grated about 12 cup, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 14 teaspoon ground red pepper cayenne, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon sugar optional, Several chives, cut into 1inch pieces], title: Cabot Reduced Fat Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: null}, 44516: {instructions: Cut chicken into serving pieces: breast into halves, legs, thighs, and wings separated for a total of 8 pieces. Clean thoroughly. Heat shortening in a heavy duty skillet pan to 360 degrees. Dip chicken pieces in buttermilk. Sprinkle with salt, paprika, and black pepper. Place flour into a heavy plastic bag, put chicken pieces into the bag and shake vigorously until well coated. Dust off excess flour. Place pieces into skillet, and fry both sides until golden brown and the juices run clear when pierced with a fork. Do not overcrowd the skillet. Approximate cooking time, 25 minutes. Take chicken out of skillet and place on paper towel to drain off excess oil. Immediately dip warm chicken into hot honey, and serve., ingredients: [1 chicken, 3 12 pounds, 3 cups shortening, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon paprika, 3 teaspoons black pepper, 1 cup flour, 3 cups honey, heated to 120 degrees], title: Honey Chicken, picturelink: null}, 44517: {instructions: For the black beans: Combine the black beans, 12 cup water, coriander and cumin in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until heated through. Keep warm.nFor the salsa verde: In a bowl, combine the tomatillos, lime juice, cilantro, red onions, olive oil and honey to taste. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nFor the hash browns: Put the potatoes in a large pot of salted water and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until very tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside.nHeat the canola oil in a large castiron skillet over high heat. Add the chorizo and cook until brown and separated into small pieces. Add the butter, then add the potatoes, breaking them up and pressing them down a bit using a potato masher. Stir the potatoes and sprinkle them with salt and pepper. Add the Monterey Jack and cotija. When the Monterey Jack gets melty, stir in the cilantro.nTo serve: Set a ring mold on a plate and press some of the hash brown mixture into the mold. If you dont have a ring mold, just spoon some of the hash browns onto a plate. Unmold and spoon some of the black beans over the hash browns. Top with an egg and some salsa verde. Garnish with cotija, cilantro, green onions and a dusting of ancho powder., ingredients: [1 can black beans, drained, rinsed and drained again, Pinch ground coriander, Pinch ground cumin, 6 large tomatillos, diced, 2 limes, juiced, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons finely diced red onion, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Honey, Salt and pepper, 1 12 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, unpeeled, cut into 34inch cubes, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 pound Mexican chorizo, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper, 12 cup grated Monterey Jack, 14 cup grated cotija cheese, plus more for garnish, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish, 4 to 6 eggs, poached, fried or scrambled, Green onions, thinly sliced, for garnish, Ancho chile powder, for garnish], title: ChorizoPotato Hash Browns with Black Beans and Salsa Verde, picturelink: fz5SAEjIbmxbM3nsYWln9ePhNs32a6}, 44518: {instructions: Whisk the sugar and water together. Place 12 of the water mixture in a bowl and whisk in the chocolates, cocoa powder, rum, and salt. Whisk in the remaining water. Chill and churn in an ice cream freezer according to manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [1 14 cups sugar, 3 13 cups water, room temperature, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted, 1 oz unsweetened chocolate, melted, 1 cup cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons dark rum, Pinch salt], title: Chocolate Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 44519: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine the sugar and 34 cup water, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and let the syrup cool. In a blender or food processor puree the watermelon. In a bowl combine the puree, the syrup and the lemon juice and chill the mixture, covered, for 1 to 2 hours or until it is cold. The mixture may be made up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Stir the mixture, transfer it to 2 metal ice cube trays without the dividers or a shallow metal bowl, and freeze it, stirring it with a fork every 20 to 30 minutes depending on the temperature of the freezer and crushing the large frozen clumps, for 2 to 3 hours, or until it is firm but not frozen hard. Scrape the granita with a fork to lighten the texture and serve it in chilled bowls., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 3 12 cups seeded and chopped watermelon about 3 14 pound wedge, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste], title: Watermelon Granita, picturelink: null}, 44520: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh.nCombine the mayonnaise and sundried tomatoes in a small bowl and mix well. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the patties: Place the oil in a 12inch fireproof skillet and set on the grill rack. When the oil is hot, add the onion, bell pepper, and mushrooms. Cook, stirring frequently, until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the spinach leaves and cook until the spinach is wilted, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and add the sirloin, feta cheese, and salt. With your hands or a large spoon, gently mix well, handling the meat as little as possible to prevent compacting it. Form into 6 equalsized patties.nFor the prosciutto: Pour the oil into the same skillet and place on the grill rack. When the oil is hot, add the prosciutto. Cook until well crisped, about 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain set aside.nWhen the grill is ready, brush the grill rack with vegetable oil. Place the patties on the rack, cover, and cook until the bottoms are brown, about 4 minutes. With a spatula, turn over the patties and cook an additional 4 minutes, or until done to your preference internal temperature of 160 degrees F. During the last few minutes of grilling, top each patty with a slice of mozzarella cheese until melted. Lightly brush the cut sides of the rolls with the 4 tablespoons olive oil. Rub the cut sides of the garlic over the insides of the rolls, then sprinkle and press with the Parmesan. Place the rolls, cut sides down, on the outer edges of the grill rack to toast lightly.nTo assemble the burgers: Spread the mayonnaise mixture on the insides of the warm toasted rolls. Layer the bottom rolls with divided greens, the patties, and divided frizzled prosciutto. Top with the remaining rolls, serve, and enjoy, ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons oilpacked sundried tomatoes, drained and chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil recommended: Colavita, 12 cup finely chopped white onion, 12 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, 1 cup chopped white mushrooms, 1 12 cups thinly sliced fresh spinach leaves, 2 12 pounds ground sirloin, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil recommended: Colavita, 1 12 cups thinly sliced prosciutto, Vegetable oil, for brushing on the grill rack, 6 slices 14inch thick fresh mozzarella cheese, 6 ciabatta rolls, split, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil recommended: Colavita, 1 garlic clove, peeled and cut in 12 lengthwise, 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 3 cups mesclun greens], title: Feta Florentine Burgers with Frizzled Prosciutto on ParmesanToasted Ciabatta Rolls, picturelink: 2UJJXB9hQdetkN1gGAoREy4mybv6Ve}, 44521: {instructions: In a pot, combine the sugar, cornstarch, ginger vinegar, cider, and the reserved beet liquid. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring constantly, until thick and clear. Add butter, salt, and raisins, and lastly, beets. Heat thoroughly and serve., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 6 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 cup white distilled vinegar, 12 cup cider, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup seedless raisins, 6 cups cooked sliced beets, liquid reserved], title: Ginger Beets, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 44522: {instructions: Cook bacon in a deep, 12inch, heavy skillet over moderately low heat, turning twice, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and reserve bacon fat in skillet.nWhile bacon is cooking, pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. Brown in bacon fat, beginning with skin side down, in 2 batches, over moderately high heat, turning, about 8 minutes. Transfer browned chicken with tongs to a plate, and pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from skillet.nLower heat, add onions to skillet and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until soft and pale golden, about 10 minutes.nRemove lid and cook onions, stirring, until deep golden, about 10 minutes more. Add garlic and 1 cup water to skillet and boil, stirring, 1 minute.nReturn chicken to skillet, turning pieces to coat, then arrange them skin sides up and gently simmer, covered, until chicken is cooked through and garlic is tender, about 30 minutes.nTransfer chicken with tongs to a serving dish. Add vinegar to sauce and boil, uncovered, mashing garlic with back of a spoon or a potato masher, until slightly thickened. Season sauce with salt and pepper and pour over chicken, then sprinkle with bacon., ingredients: [6 bacon slices 4 ounces, cut crosswise into 14inchwide strips lardons, 1 3 12pound chicken, cut into 8 serving pieces, 1 pound onions or shallots, thinly sliced, 1 head garlic, cloves separated and peeled, 14 cup balsamic vinegar], title: Braised Chicken with Onions, Garlic, and Balsamic Vinegar, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 44523: {instructions: Steam Brussels sprouts until they just begin to get tender, but are still bright green. Remove from heat and set aside.nBoil baby carrots in salted water until just tender. Do not over cook. Remove from heat, drain and set aside.nIn a large skillet or saute pan, heat the olive oil and butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until the shallots are translucent. Add the mushrooms and cook until they begin to become tender and release their juices. Let cook for a few minutes to allow flavors to blend. Deglaze the pan with the white wine and add the pattypan squash. reduce heat to low, cover and let cook until squash becomes tender but not mushy about 15 minutes. Remove cover and increase heat back up to medium or mediumhigh and allow most of wine to evaporate. When most of the wine is gone, stir in the Brussels sprouts and carrots and gently stir to coat with the remaining pan juices. Remove from heat and stir in hoisin sauce., ingredients: [1 pint Brussels sprouts, tough outer leaves removed and halved from top to bottom, 1 pound baby carrots, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 shallots, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, gently crushed with the side of a knife and minced, 1 pint about 6 ounces white mushrooms, brushed clean, trimmed, and halved if medium or sliced, if large leave whole if small, 1 cup white wine, 5 or 6 small pattypan squash, quartered choose those that are light green but heavy for their size, 13 cup hoisin sauce, at room temperature], title: Sprouts, Squash and Shrooms, picturelink: null}, 44524: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. In a food processor, puree the apricots with the liqueur and cream. Transfer to a bowl.nBeat the egg whites until somewhat stiff, then gradually beat in the sugar and continue to beat until stiff and glossy.nWith a rubber spatula, fold half the egg whites into the fruit puree, then fold the puree back into the remaining egg whites fold until well blended. Spoon the mixture into four 34 cup capacity oven proof ramekins or custard cups.nSet cups in a deep baking pan and pour about an inch of hot water, straight from the tap into the baking pan. Set in oven and bake for 30 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups packed dried apricots, 14 cup grand Marnier or Cognac, 12 cup heavy cream or evaporated low fat milk, 4 egg whites, Pinch sugar, 12 cup sugar], title: Apricot Souffles, picturelink: null}, 44525: {instructions: Set toast in bottom of a deep bowl. Reheat broccoli in microwave or in a double boiler. Heat butter in a skillet until golden. Scramble the eggs and cook them until almost scrambled but not quite cooked. Remove eggs from heat and continue to stir until heat of eggs cooks remaining ones season to taste with salt and Tabasco sauce., ingredients: [2 slices toast, Cooked leftover broccoli reheat in microwave or double boiler, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, Salt, Tabasco sauce], title: Next Day Broccoli and Scrambled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 44526: {instructions: Prepare the pastry shells according to the package directions.nBeat the cream and confectioners sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form. Fold in the creme fraiche.nSpoon 2 tablespoons whipped cream mixture into each pastry shell. Top each with 1 tablespoon berries. Repeat the layers. Top each with 1 tablespoon whipped cream mixture and 1 berry. Sprinkle with additional confectioners sugar, if desired., ingredients: [1 package 10 ounces Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Shells, 1 cup heavy cream, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 1 12 cups assorted berries raspberries, sliced strawberries, blueberries], title: Red, White and Blueberry Creme Fraiche Puffs, picturelink: iPnM19JS29E02b4fUlnpAIxddPProS}, 44527: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the fat trimmings. When the fat is melted, add the corn and saute until browned. Stir in the pinto beans and liquid and simmer, 8 minutes.nPreheat a grill over high heat. Sprinkle the steak with salt and pepper and the garlic. Grill the steak for 5 minutes on each side. Let rest.nBlend the nutmeg with the sour cream and salt and pepper to taste.nBoil the spaghetti in salted water. Drain and set aside.nPlate the spaghetti topped with the corn and pinto beans and the whole steak. Top with the flavored sour cream and garnish with chives and lime wedges., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, One16ounce Tbone steak, excess fat trimmed and reserved, One 15ounce can corn, One 15ounce pinto beans, with liquid, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Pinch nutmeg, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 4 ounces spaghetti, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Spaghetti Midwestern, picturelink: cjUJwzrhWVpM8h9OCj5SGaQnTA.MDaO}, 44528: {instructions: To make the streusel: In a mixer with paddle attachment, cream together butter and sugar. Add remaining ingredients and mix until combined. Push the mixture through a baking rack and chill for 1 hour.nTo make the Brown Betty: In a large bowl, combine all ingredients. Press the mixture into a buttered half hotel pan. Top evenly with Streusel. Bake in an oven at 325 degrees F for 45 minutes, or until browned and bubbling around the edges. Allow to cool, and then chill several hours. Using a 3inch ring mold, cut out rounds.nTo make Face: Using a piece of acetate cut out a faceshaped stencil. In a mixer with whip attachment, beat egg whites to soft peaks. Blend in confectioners sugar, flour, and salt. At low speed, blend in butter and vanilla. Stencil the tuile batter onto a nonstick baking sheet. Mix a small amount of the tuile batter with some cocoa powder and pour into a parchment cone. Pipe features onto the faceshaped tuiles. Bake the tuiles at 325 degrees F for 8 minutes. Immediately after removing the tuiles from the oven, place them over a can to form a curved shape.nTo make Hair: Place all ingredients in a saucepan and bring to boil. Cook until temperature reaches 315 degrees F. Remove from heat and add blue paste food coloring to desired shade of blue. Use a cutoff whisk to form spun sugar hair.nTo serve warm a Brown Betty round in oven. Place on dessert plate. Place tuile face on the side of the round. Pile spun sugar hair on top of the round. Garnish the plate with the raspberry coulis, creme anglaise, blueberry necklace, and mint., ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted butter, cold, 11 ounces granulated sugar, 11 ounces flour, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups blueberries, 8 ounces brown sugar, 4 ounces granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 6 fluid ounces orange juice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 4 ounces butter, melted, 8 ounces coarse bread crumbs, 4 15 ounces egg whites, 5 ounces confectioners sugar, sifted, 3 ounces flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 12 ounces butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon cocoa powder, 1 pound granulated sugar, 16.7 ounces water, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Blue food coloring, Raspberry coulis, Creme Anglaise, Blueberry necklace, Mint leaves, Special Equipment: 3inch ring mold], title: Blueberry Betty Bouffant, picturelink: null}, 44529: {instructions: Combine the sugar, water and ginger in heavy small saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Simmer 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Cover and let steep 1 hour. Strain. Puree mangoes in a blender. Pour into measuring cup. Return 34 cup puree to blender. Add 12 cup ginger syrup, vodka and ice cubes to blender. Blend until smooth. Serve in martini glasses., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 1inch piece of fresh ginger, sliced, 2 medium mangoes, peeled and pitted, 12 cup vodka, 2 cups ice cubes], title: Frozen Mango Margarita, picturelink: null}, 44530: {instructions: Special equipment: A Bundt or tube pannPosition a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spray a bundt or tube pan lightly with cooking spray.nToss the Parmesan, oregano, garlic, rosemary and thyme in a small bowl until well mixed. Roll each biscuit half into a ball. Put 8 of the balls in a medium bowl and drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the oil, tossing until well coated. Transfer each ball to the Parmesan mixture to coat, then place in the prepared pan. Working in batches of 8, repeat with the remaining dough balls, overlapping in the pan as necessary.nBake until the dough is puffed and browned, about 50 minutes check halfway through the baking time and tent with foil if the bread is browning too quickly.nLet the bread cool 10 minutes. Loosen the bread from the sides of the pan with a thin spatula. Invert the pan onto a baking sheet, then flip the bread decorativeside up onto a serving plate., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, 14 teaspoon dried rosemary, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 packages prepared biscuits about 16 biscuits, each biscuit cut in half, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Quick Herb and Cheese Monkey Bread, picturelink: A1U.HNUO5wTZNZHcgVzbtgsIgtzUJx6}, 44531: {instructions: Special equipment: parchment paper a pastry bag and a large star tipnFor the spiced crullers: Spray the parchment paper with nonstick cooking spray, then cut into 4inch squares. Set aside.nCombine the butter, sugar and salt with 375 grams water in a small pot and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and add the flour. Stir with a wooden spoon until your muscles are tired and some of the moisture has evaporated. Stir for at least 1 minute, not allowing the dough to stick to the bottom of the pot.nTransfer the dough to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on medium speed to cool.nWhisk together the whole eggs and egg whites in a separate bowl.nOnce the dough is no longer hot to the touch and no longer gives off steam, turn the mixer to low speed and add the eggs, 1 tablespoon at a time, being sure to let each addition incorporate fully before adding the next. Scrape down the side of the bowl between additions.nTransfer the dough to a pastry bag fitted with the large star tip. Pipe a circle onto a parchment square, letting the ends meet but not overlap. Repeat with the remaining dough.nFor the spiced sugar: Stir together the sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg in a small bowl.nIn a large Dutch oven, bring several inches oil to 370 degrees F. Carefully slide 4 crullers into the oil and fry until fully browned, 1 12 minutes per side. Transfer to the bowl of spiced sugar and coat both sides transfer to a cooling rack. Repeat with remaining crullers. Cool, 5 minutes.nFor the yogurt topping: Beat together the cream and jam with an electric mixer on high until soft peaks form. Fold the yogurt into the whipped cream, then fold in the zest. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a round tip or use a spoon to drop dollops into the middles of the crullers.nFor the granola topping: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the bran flakes, oats, pumpkin seeds, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and salt in a medium bowl.nHeat the cream, brown sugar and butter in a saucepan until the butter is melted and the sugar has dissolved. Pour over the dry ingredients, and stir to mix. Transfer to a cookie sheet and bake until golden, about 30 minutes. Let cool completely, then break up into bits.nDrizzle the crullers with some jam or honey, then sprinkle with granola bits and some zest., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 180 grams butter, 30 grams sugar, 3 grams salt, 340 grams allpurpose flour, 6 large eggs plus 2 large egg whites, Oil, for frying, 1 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 cup whipping cream, 14 cup strawberry or raspberry jam, 1 cup Greek yogurt, Zest of 2 lemons, 12 cup bran flakes, 12 cup rolled oats, 14 cup pumpkin seeds, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ginger, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, Pinch salt, 12 cup whipping cream, 14 cup brown sugar, 18 cup butter, Additional jam, optional, Honey for drizzling, optional, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Yogurt Parfait Cruller, picturelink: null}, 44532: {instructions: In a short cocktail glass, mix together rum, lime juice, sugar, and water. Add ice cubes and stir. Adjust amount of lime and sugar to taste. Rum is a liquor made from sugar cane juice, fermented and distilled. It is common in the West Indies, when you order a simple punch, to be served a tray bearing icefilled glasses, a bottle of rum, some cutup limes, and a bowl of raw sugar. Everyone makes his or her own cocktail to taste., ingredients: [1ounce white or golden rum, 1 tablespoon lime juice, or to taste, 2 teaspoons sugar, preferable raw, or more to taste, 1ounce water, Ice cubes], title: Island Rum Punch, picturelink: null}, 44533: {instructions: Add oil to a heated saute pan. When hot, add onions and caramelize until nice and brown. Set aside. Break the eggs into a mixing bowl, add water, salt and pepper. Melt the butter in an 8inch nonstick pan and set over high heat. Make sure the butter coats the whole pan. When the foam has subsided, slowly pour in the eggs. Tilt the pan to spread the eggs mixture evenly. Let eggs firm up a little and then shake the pan and use the spatula to get the mixture away from the sides, into the middle, letting the liquid run under the sides. Continue to cook until the mixture holds together. Add mustard, caramelized onions and grated cheese to the center. Tilt the pan to one side, and with a spatula fold about 13 of the omelet over the middle. Shake the pan gently to slide the omelet to the edge of the pan. Turn the omelet directly onto the plate by inverting the pan over the plate., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup sliced onions, 3 eggs at room temperature, 3 teaspoons water, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, Dijon Mustard, to taste, 14 cup grated Gruyere cheese], title: Brittas Moms French Onion Soup Omelet, picturelink: null}, 44534: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Take 4 sheets of parchment paper, each about 12 by 16 inches, in half and then unfold to make a crease. Place a pile of sweet potato strips on one side of each piece of parchment and top each with a piece of cod. Sprinkle each piece of fish with 1 teaspoon of matcha, then top each with 1 tablespoon butter, 2 sprigs thyme and a slice of lemon season with salt.nFold over parchment paper to enclose filling and crimp edges to seal and form a crescentshaped packet. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes. Remove packets from oven and allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes before opening., ingredients: [2 cups julienned peeled sweet potato, 1 pound cod, cut into 4 pieces, 2 teaspoons matcha powder, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 slices fresh lemon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Matcha Steamed Cod, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 44535: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook the noodles according to the package instructions.nMeanwhile, whisk together the soy sauce, canola oil, sesame oil, sugar, vinegar, chili oil and garlic in a bowl. Taste and adjust the ingredients as needed.nDrain the noodles. Pour the sauce over the warm noodles and toss to coat. Sprinkle with the green onions and toss. Serve in a bowl with chopsticks. Yummy, ingredients: [12 ounces thin noodles, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup canola oil, 3 tablespoons pure sesame oil, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 12 teaspoon hot chili oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 4 green onions, thinly sliced], title: Simple Sesame Noodles, picturelink: ppQtizGQCzcO3wl51zdWMh8ELK0XnLq}, 44536: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 9inch nonstick Teflon coated spring form pannPreheat oven to 350 degrees FnMix the graham cracker crumbs, sugar, cinnamon, and butter together in a mixing bowl. Pour the mixture into the springform pan and using a mixing cup press the crumbs into the base. Using your fingers gently press crumbs into the sides of the pan. Bake for 6 minutes. Let cool.nFilling:nIn a food processor, cream the cream cheese and the sugar together. Add the zest and vanilla, Blend until smooth. Add 5 egg yolks and heavy cream, pulse until smooth. Pour into a large clean bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg whites until a soft froth forms. Add 2 tablespoons sugar slowly to the egg whites and continue to whisk until soft peaks form. Fold into cream cheese, a little bit at a time until fully integrated. Pour into the prepared springform pan. Bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until firm. Let cool for 1 hour and 30 minutes.nTopping:nMix the creme fraiche and sugar together and gently spread over the top of the cooled cheesecake. Bake for 5 minutes. Let cool until the topping is set or chill overnight and serve. Best served at room temperature.nServe with Cherry Confit.nIn a medium noncorrosive saucepan place water, sugar, cinnamon, vanilla and thyme. Bring to the boil, turn down heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Add cherries and simmer for 1 hour. If more liquid is needed add water. Continue to simmer until the cherry mixture is thick and the cherries are soft. Pour into a clean container and refrigerate until ready to use.nYield: 6 servingsnCooking time: 1 hour 20 minutes, ingredients: [2 cups graham cracker crumbs, 5 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 6 tablespoons melted butter, 24 ounces cream cheese, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon zest recommended: Meyer lemon, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 5 eggs, separated, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 ounces creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons sugar, Cherry Confit, recipe follows, Serving suggestion: with a dessert wine recommended: Alsatian Riesling., 1 pound fresh cherries, pitted, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 vanilla bean, split, 2 sprigs thyme tied with string], title: New York Cheesecake, picturelink: UC0AhNxkEkfH2YXFyNYgxcHLL8u5Imu}, 44537: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Using a dough cutter, combine until the ingredients are incorporated. Scatter the cold butter pieces over the top of the flour mixture and continue to combine until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk and mix just until the dough begins to come together.nScrape the dough onto a lightly floured counter. Pat the dough into a 10 by 12inch rectangle about 34inch thick. Use a 3inch round cutter to cut out the biscuits. Press together the scraps of dough and repeat the process. Place the biscuits on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper brush the tops with cream and sprinkle with sugar. Bake the biscuits until lightly golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and brush the tops with the remaining melted butter., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus 4 tablespoons, melted, 34 cup cold buttermilk, Heavy cream, for brushing, Granulated sugar, for sprinkling], title: Sugar Biscuits, picturelink: WU0.lrE2QkabMx7jUSbFYGkNYvrqG}, 44538: {instructions: Combine the pineapple, coconut water, cream of coconut and a pinch of salt in a blender and puree until smooth. Press through a finemesh sieve into an 8inchsquare stainlesssteel or glass baking dish.nFreeze until ice crystals begin forming around the edges, about 45 minutes. Use a fork to scrape the crystals toward the center of the pan, then continue freezing, scraping every 30 minutes, until frozen, about 4 hours.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [3 cups cubed pineapple, 1 cup coconut water, 14 cup cream of coconut, Kosher salt], title: Pina Colada Granita, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 44539: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDampen the rims of 4 martini glasses and then line the rims with sugar crystals.nCombine eggnog, brandy, amaretto, nutmeg, and ice cream in a blender process until smooth. Pour mixture into martini glasses and garnish each glass with a whole cinnamon stick., ingredients: [White sugar crystals, preferably coarse, 2 cups storebought eggnog, chilled, 12 cup brandy, 12 cup amaretto liqueur, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 scoops vanilla ice cream, 4 cinnamon sticks], title: Santas Sleigh Cocktail, picturelink: pZ6cvFD.3eTgCvVFdDaQSaZfQ7n9Wzm}, 44540: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the roasted garlic sauce: Put a sheet of aluminum foil in a roasting pan and add the garlic. Toss with the oil, fold up the foil around the garlic and roast until soft, about 45 minutes.nFor the beef patties: Toss the poblano peppers and onions with the vegetable oil and a pinch of kosher salt in a roasting pan. Cook for 30 to 35 minutes. Peel and seed the roasted peppers, then chop the peppers and onions into small dice.nWhen the garlic is done roasting, transfer to a blender, add the sour cream, mayonnaise and vinegar and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Set the sauce aside until serving.nPut the ground beef, Worcestershire, black pepper, ancho chile and 1 tablespoon kosher salt in a medium bowl. Fold in the diced peppers and onions. Divide the mixture into 3ounce portions and form these portions into 8 patties.nHeat a griddle to medium or medium high cook the patties to medium, about 5 minutes on each side.nFor the corn and chorizo relish: Saute the chorizo in a skillet until lightly browned. Add the corn and cook for 5 minutes. Add the vinegar, then cook for another minute. Set aside.nFor the griddled queso fresco and rolls: Heat a griddle to medium low. Grease the griddle with 12 teaspoon of the oil, then cook the cheese until golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side.nGrease the griddle with the remaining 14 teaspoon vegetable oil, then place the rolls on the griddle cutside down until golden brown, about 2 minutes.nPlace a burger on each roll, then spoon some of the corn and chorizo relish on top. Place a piece of griddled cheese over the relish, and top with some of the roasted garlic sauce., ingredients: [12 cup peeled garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 poblano peppers, 12 large white onion, quartered, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds 8515 ground beef, 1 12 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons smoked ancho chile powder, 12 cup diced Spanish chorizo, 1 12 cups fresh corn cut off the cob, 1 tablespoon sherry wine vinegar, Griddled Queso Fresco and Rolls:, 34 teaspoon vegetable oil, 8 ounces queso fresco, cut into 8 slices each about 1 inch thick, 8 French rolls, cut in half], title: Roasted Poblano Pepper Sliders, picturelink: 3sTqaoRB1Cqx1Ok8NJFwXkBVdkxY4Iu}, 44541: {instructions: Brush olive oil over all sides of the roast.nIn a small bowl combine all spice ingredients.nRub the mixture over the roast, covering completely.nWrap the roast in plastic wrap and chill for at least an hour or up to 24 hours if you have time.nPre heat BBQ to medium high.nPlace the roast on a lightly oiled grill in the center of the BBQ. Close the lid.nGrill for 15 minutes, turn over and grill for additional 15 minutes, for a total of 30 minutes of grilling time.nRemove roast to carving board. Loosely tent with foil and let stand for 15 minutes to let the juices settle.nCarve into strips with the grain., ingredients: [One 3 lb. Bison Tri Tip Roast fresh or fully thawed See Cooks Note, 2 tbsp. olive oil for searing, 2 tbsp. minced garlic, 2 tbsp. minced fresh rosemary, 2 tbsp. ground coriander, 1 tbsp. sweet Hungarian paprika, 1 tbsp. celery seed, 1 tbsp. ground mustard, 1 tbsp. cracked pepper, 1 tbsp. kosher salt], title: Grilled Herb Bison Tri Tip Roast, picturelink: EaDp.g3YGUesyAzepsNXnJVkeK2mrxq}, 44542: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 thick strawsnLine a plate with parchment paper or spray with nonstick cooking spray.nHeat the chocolate chips in a bowl in the microwave for 30 seconds, then stir very well. Continue to microwave in 20second increments, stirring, until melted and smooth. While warm, using the back of spoon, coat one end of a straw with melted chocolate, making sure the chocolate sticks. Shake off any excess. Sprinkle the peanuts evenly over the wet chocolate and place onto the prepared plate repeat for the second straw. Transfer the plate with the straws to the freezer to set, about 5 minutes. Place 2 glasses in the freezer to chill, 3 to 5 minutes.nIn the base of a blender, add the milk, vanilla extract, salt and vanilla ice cream and liquefy until smooth. Pour into the chilled glasses, top with whipped cream and serve with a dipped straw, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the plate, optional, 14 cup white chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons crushed toasted and salted peanuts, 1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Generous pinch kosher salt, 4 to 5 large scoops premium vanilla bean ice cream, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Love Me a Vanilla Milkshake with Chocolate Peanut Straws, picturelink: 4notBAM6hEZVLAnHmabKjNPrhQGmE.C}, 44543: {instructions: Cut the tomatoes in half, and remove the seeds. Add the tomatoes and 2 cups of broth to a blender and puree. Strain into a bowl and reserve the liquid. Add enough extra broth to make 4 cups of liquid.nIn a large saucepan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and carrots and saute for 4 minutes until the onion is translucent. Add the garlic and saute for 1 minute. Stir in the rice and cook until slightly toasted, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato broth mixture, stir and bring to boil. Add the salt, bay leaf, and the serrano chile. Reduce the heat, cover and simmer until the rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Remove the pan from heat. Scatter the peas over the top of the rice, cover, and let the rice stand 5 minutes. Fluff the rice with a fork, transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [3 vineripened tomatoes, 2 cups chicken broth, plus more as needed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large chopped onion, 1 large finely diced carrot, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 2 cups mediumgrain rice, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 bay leaf, 1 whole serrano chile, 14 cup fresh or frozen peas, thawed], title: Foolproof Mexican Rice Arroz Mexicano, picturelink: null}, 44544: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the oil over moderate heat until it is hot but not smoking cook the mustard seeds, covered, stirring occasionally, until the popping subsides. Add the gingerroot and the turmeric and cook the mixture, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the cauliflower, stirring to coat it with the oil, and 12 cup water and steam the mixture, covered, adding more water a few tablespoons at a time if it evaporates, until the cauliflower is just tender, about 6 to 10 minutes. Season the cauliflower mixture with the lemon juice, salt, and pepper and stir in the coriander, if using., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard seeds or black mustard seeds available at East Indian markets and some specialty foods shops, 2 teaspoons grated peeled fresh gingerroot, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 1 large head cauliflower about 1 34 to 2 pounds, cut into in small 1inch florets, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander, optional], title: Cauliflower with Ginger and Mustard Seeds, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 44545: {instructions: Saute shallots in half the butter until translucent add the rice and mix in with butter and shallots. Add the wine and cook over medium heat until it is absorbed stirring continuously, repeat the process with the 5 cups lobster stock adding 2 12 cups at a time. Remove from heat and add crab and mint and the remaining butter. Season with salt and pepper and let cool. Place 2 tablespoons in the center of each cabbage leaf and roll. Place stuffed cabbage in a hotel pan and cover with the remaining 16 ounces of stock and tomatoes. Cook in preheated 350 degree oven for 20 minutes. Place on serving tray and garnish with mint., ingredients: [8 ounces shallots minced, 8 ounces butter, 2 cups arborio rice, 1 cup white wine, 5 cups lobster stock, plus 16 ounces, 2 pounds lump crab meat cleaned, 4 tablespoons chopped mint, plus 2 tablespoons for garnish, 24 large cabbage leaves stemmed and blanched, 2 cups diced tomatoes peeled and seeded], title: Stuffed Cabbage with Crab and Mint, picturelink: xuDipR6QSAKroq.gysUqFU6gBxawUe}, 44546: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray large cookie sheet with cooking spray. If using crescent rolls: Unroll dough press into 12x8inch rectangle, firmly pressing perforations to seal. If using dough sheet: Unroll dough press into 12 x 8inch rectangle. Spread cranberry chutney on top of rectangle, within 14 inch of edges. Arrange sliced turkey evenly over cranberry chutney. Sprinkle shredded cheese over sliced turkey. Starting with longest side, roll up pinch long side to seal. With serrated knife, cut into 24 slices. Place cut side down on cookie sheet. Bake 10 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. High Altitude 35006500 ft: Bake 13 to 18 minutes. Remove from cookie sheets. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz. Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz. Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu00bf refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 4 tablespoons cranberry chutney from 9.4oz. jar or whole berry cranberry sauce from 16oz. can, 4 slices about 5 oz thinly sliced turkey breast, 23 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese], title: Crescents Turkey Cranberry Pinwheels, picturelink: null}, 44547: {instructions: Put an inverted baking sheet or pizza stone in the oven and preheat to 475 degrees F. Line another inverted baking sheet with parchment paper. Brush the dough with the olive oil and center it on the parchment. Cover with another piece of parchment set aside.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the pineapple rings until marked, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Grill the scallion whites, turning, until charred, about 4 minutes. Transfer to the plate with the pineapple.nCombine the barbecue sauce and tomato in a small bowl. Stretch the pizza dough to 10 by 14 inches on the parchment spread the barbecue sauce mixture on top. Sprinkle with the pepper jack and muenster cheese and top with the grilled pineapple, ham and scallion whites and greens.nSlide the pizza on the parchment onto the hot baking sheet or pizza stone. Bake until the cheese is bubbling and the crust is golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer the pizza to a cutting board and slice.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into rings, 1 bunch scallions, green parts finely chopped, 14 cup barbecue sauce, 1 tomato, diced, 1 cup shredded pepper jack cheese about 4 ounces, 12 cup shredded muenster cheese about 2 ounces, 14 pound delisliced ham, cut into large pieces], title: Hawaiian Barbecue Pizza, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 44548: {instructions: In a medium saucepot set over medium heat, add the cream and bring to a gentle boil. In a medium bowl combine the egg yolks, sugar and maple flavoring. Place the dark chocolate, milk chocolate and crispy chocolate pearls in a separate bowl. Add half of the hot cream to the egg mixture and whisk. Pour the cream and egg mixture back into the pot over mediumlow heat. Whisking continuously, cook until the mixture starts to thicken, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the hot mixture over the chocolate and mix until smooth. Cool in the refrigerator until completely cold, 2 to 4 hours., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons maple flavoring, 1 cup 70percent dark chocolate, 1 cup milk chocolate, 2 tablespoons crispy chocolate pearls], title: MapleChocolate Pudding, picturelink: F.sQ7pz79F1kmNch3j41j2Qij6Z5QFi}, 44549: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, rub the pork ribs with salt.nIn a large pot, bring 2 quarts of water to the boil.nIn a mediumsize clay pot, add the ginseng, lotus seeds, goji berries, black prune, lilly petals, longon, white vegetable root, pearl barley, and raisins, followed by the pork ribs.nPour water in the clay pot until it reaches 2inches above the level of the pork, about 1 12 to 2 cups water.nWith the lid on, carefully place the enclosed clay pot into the simmering water making sure the hot water is level with the top of the clay pot. Put the lid on and simmer for 3 hours.nCarefully remove the clay pot from the simmering water and serve with steamed jasmine rice., ingredients: [11 ounces short spare ribs, chopped into bitesize pieces, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon dried ginseng, 1 teaspoon dried lotus seeds, 1 teaspoon dried goji berries, 1 teaspoon dried black prune, 1 teaspoon dried lilly petals, 1 teaspoon dried longon, 1 teaspoon dried white vegetable root, 1 teaspoon pearl barley, 1 teaspoon dried raisins, Steamed jasmine rice, for serving], title: Pork Spare Ribs Slow Braised In Medicinal Broth: Suong Non Tiem Thuoc Bac, picturelink: h2lUmE4Z5UoIfPAGQEEQWGreQAcA2o6}, 44550: {instructions: Lay the chicken out on a cutting board. Hold your knife parallel to the cutting board and slice the chicken breasts in half so one breast is now two cutlets. Lay the chicken between two sheets of plastic wrap and pound out with a meat mallet to 14inch thickness. Sprinkle them on both sides with salt and pepper.nSet out three casserole dishes and add the flour to the first. Whisk together the mustard and eggs in the second. Mix together the panko, Parmesan, lemon zest and some salt and pepper in the third. Dredge each cutlet first through the flour, then in the egg mixture and finally in the panko mixture. Put the chicken pieces on a clean baking sheet and refrigerate for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet. Once hot, add the cutlets, in batches, and cook for 3 minutes on each side. Remove to paper towels to drain and season again with salt. Put the chicken pieces on a clean baking sheet and place in the warm oven while you cook the second batch.nServe the cutlets with avocado and lemon wedges., ingredients: [Four 9ounce boneless skinless chicken breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup flour, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 13 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 23 cup canola oil, 1 large ripe avocado, sliced into wedges, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Quick Crispy Chicken Cutlets, picturelink: yn.XUyAZlatOy9TpOzdyTINp23iSe}, 44551: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker or small pitcher with ice. Add the Scotch, vermouth, and the bitters. Cover and shake vigorously, or stir, until combined and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, by the time the shaker mists up the drink is ready. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with the cherry and serve.nCopyright 2004 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [2 fluid ounces Scotch whisky, 1 fluid ounce sweet Italian vermouth, 1 dash orange or Angostura bitters, Maraschino cherry], title: Rob Roy, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 44552: {instructions: Pour vodka into a 10ounce rocks glass over ice. Add cola to fill. Stir and serve with a short straw., ingredients: [1 14 ounces vanillaflavored vodka recommended: Skyy Vanilla Vodka, Ice, Cola, to fill recommended: CocaCola], title: Skyy Vanilla and Cola, picturelink: null}, 44553: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the flour and cornstarch. Slowly add the beaten egg and ice water into the flour mixture, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until smooth and evenly combined. Refrigerate batter for 20 minutes.nPeel the apples and pear, cut into eighths, and cut away the cores. Cut each banana crosswise into 6 sections, about 1 inch thick. Squeeze the lemon juice over the fruit to prevent them from turning brown. Arrange the fruit, batter, oil, and caramel ingredients within easy reach. Set out a large bowl of iced water, and a large lightly greased serving platter. Heat a wok or large saucepan, add the oil, and heat to deepfry temperature, 350 degrees F.nMix the honey and orange liqueur in a large bowl. Add the fruit slices and mix well to coat each piece. Drop some of the slices in the batter to coat, then lift out and let the excess batter drip away. Deepfry a few slices at a time until batter crisps to pale golden, about 1 minute. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Repeat with pear and banana slices, reheating the oil in between batches. When finished, reheat the oil to 425 degrees F.nPlace the 1 12 cups sugar and 12 cup water in a saucepan. Heat slowly, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Once the sugar dissolves, do not stir. Continue cooking until light golden, brushing down the sides of the pan with a brush dipped in water. When ready, turn off the heat, and add the sesame seeds to the caramel.nQuickly deepfry all the fruit slices a second time until crisp and golden brown, about 1 minute. Remove the fruit with a slotted spoon, drain briefly on paper towels, then place in the caramel, tossing so the slices are evenly coated. Immediately dip the fruit slices in the bowl of ice water to harden the caramel, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 14 cups ice water, 2 large firm Granny Smith apples, 1 slightly unripe pear, 2 bananas, firm but ripe, Juice of 1 lemon, 6 to 8 cups peanut oil for deepfrying, 14 cup honey, 14 cup Grand Marnier, Cointreau or Triple Sec, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds], title: Honey Candied Fruits, picturelink: null}, 44554: {instructions: Begin by setting a large, heavybased pot over medium heat. Grind the cloves, fennel, cumin, coriander, and turmeric in a spice grinder. Add oil to the hot pot and pour in the spices. Throw in cinnamon sticks, bay leaves, curry leaves, and chilli. Toast for 23 minutes until golden and aromatic  be careful, the leaves will splatter a little. While they are toasting, add onion, garlic and ginger to the food processor and pulse until finely chopped.nSeason cubed lamb with salt and pepper then add to the pot of oil and spices. Brown all over, about 57 minutes.Add onion puree and sweat a little to remove some of the moisture  about 8 minutes. Stir with a wooden spoon as you go. Now add fresh tomatoes and cover slightly with lid. Reduce heat and simmer for 40 minutes until the lamb is tender. Remove the lid and skim fat off the surface. Fold in the yogurt and simmer for a further 5 minutes. Garnish with chopped fresh cilantro and scallions serve with steamed basmati rice and raita., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons cloves, 1 12 tablespoon cumin seed, 112 tablespoon fennel seed, 1 12 tablespoon coriander seed, 1 12 tablespoons turmeric, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 fresh bay leaves, 10 fresh curry leaves, 3 pounds boned shoulder lamb, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 fresh red chili, 2 medium onions, roughly chopped, 5 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 large fresh tomatoes, 12 cup plain unsweetened natural yogurt, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, roughly chopped, 1 scallion, cut into strips, 6 cups steamed basmati rice], title: Southern Indian Lamb Curry, picturelink: avbaHwjvdhBTg5JgQyM3gx7H7uvn1ti}, 44555: {instructions: Grill corn, turning frequently until marked lightly about 6 to 8 minutes total. When corn is cool, cut kernels from the cob. In a food processor, combine eggs, 12 the corn, scallions, basil, rosemary, cilantro and red pepper flakes. Pour into a bowl and add the rest of the grilled corn kernels, cornmeal, salt and pepper. Fold in the egg whites. In a large nonstick frying pan heat 1 tablespoon of canola oil over medium heat. Spoon in corn batter for size of corn cake desired 1 tablespoon for an appetizer base or 14 cup for dinner size. Fry until golden brown for about 2 minutes per side. Add more oil and continue., ingredients: [3 ears corn grilled, kernels removed 4 cups, 4 eggs, 2 scallions, chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 12 cups cornmeal, Salt and pepper to taste, 4 egg whites, Canola oil], title: Corn Cakes, picturelink: null}, 44556: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork or whisk. Stir the sugar, flour and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Add the apples and raisins and toss to coat.nUnfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 16 x 12inch rectangle. With the short side facing you, spoon the apple mixture onto the bottom half of the pastry sheet to within 1 inch of the edge. Roll up like a jelly roll. Place seamside down onto a baking sheet. Tuck the ends under to seal. Brush the pastry with the egg mixture. Cut several slits in the top of the pastry.nBake for 35 minutes or until the strudel is golden brown. Let the strudel cool on the baking sheet on a wire rack for 20 minutes. Sprinkle with the confectioners sugar, if desired., ingredients: [12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, thawed, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 large Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons raisins, Confectioners sugar optional], title: Apple Strudel, picturelink: null}, 44557: {instructions: For the chicken: Loosen the skin from the breast and wing by inserting fingers, gently pushing between the skin and meat. Insert the truffle slices under the loosened skin over the breast and wing. Cover with sage leaves and put the skin back. Season the chicken with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven at 350 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, on high heat, sear the chicken pieces skinside down and finish cooking in the oven for 15 minutes.nFor the sauce: Reduce the chicken stock by 12 for 30 minutes. Add the Dijon mustard and lemon juice. Slowly add the butter, whisking constantly until emulsified. Season the sauce with salt and pepper, to taste.nServe the chicken with ovenroasted Jerusalem artichokes, recipe follows.nPreheat the oven at 350 degrees F.nCut the artichokes in half.nIn a bowl, mix everything together. Put on a baking tray, fleshside down and bake in the oven for 45 minutes or until caramelized and tender., ingredients: [4 chicken supremes, 6 sprigs fresh sage, 1 fresh black truffle, sliced, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Juice of 12 a lemon, 1 cup melted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, OvenRoasted Jerusalem Artichokes, recipe follows, 1 pound450 g Jerusalem artichokes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Supreme with Truffle and Sage, picturelink: null}, 44558: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse the almonds and chorizo until very finely chopped. Add the cream cheese, season with salt, and pulse to combine. Using a pastry bag, or a resealable bag with one corner cut off, fill each olive with as much of the filling as possible.nFill a heavybottomed pot with 2 inches of vegetable oil and heat to 350 degrees F.nSet up three bowls. Put the flour and cayenne in one, the beaten egg in another, and the panko in the last. Roll each olive in the flour to coat completely, shaking off any excess then dip in the egg to coat and, finally, roll in the panko. Carefully add the olives, about 10 or so at a time, to the oil. Fry the olives until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to absorb any excess oil, and season with salt as they come out of the fryer. Repeat until all of the olives are fried. Serve warm., ingredients: [14 cup smoked almonds, 2 ounces cured Spanish chorizo, finely diced, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened to room temperature, Kosher salt, 60 large green Sicilian olives, pitted about 1 quart, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs], title: ChorizoStuffed Fried Olives, picturelink: 2ioo7AdS0bxG7NbWXI4XdhOpccfmduS}, 44559: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn medium serving bowl, add the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit for 10 minutes before adding the beans, tuna, shallots and olives. Just before serving, mix in the bread cubes and combine gently.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the mustard, vinegar and salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle in the oil, whisking to blend. Pour over the salad just before serving. Add the basil and toss. Taste for seasoning before serving., ingredients: [1 cup halved cherry tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup cooked great Northern white beans, 1 5 to 6ounce can light tuna, packed in oil, drained, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 14 cup sliced pitted kalamata olives, 12 long baguette, cut into cubes slightly stale works great, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh basil leaves or oregano], title: Tuna Bread Salad, picturelink: Zaf6862kW8xyryaqIbWkdhnvlPuOE8e}, 44560: {instructions: In a medium pot over medium to medium high heat add a tablespoon of oil and a tablespoon of butter. When butter melts, add chopped mushrooms and saute 3 to 5 minutes. Add water and cover the pot. Add rice and pilaf packet to water. Stir to combine, reduce heat and cook 18 minutes. Add parsley, fluff with fork.nPreheat a large skillet over high heat. Add vegetable oil to really hot pan. Add meat and sear on all sides, 5 minutes. Season with salt and remove to a plate. Cover meat loosely with foil to hold heat. Reduce heat on pan to medium. Add butter to pan. Add peppers and a little onion. Saute peppers and onions 5 minutes. Sprinkle flour over vegetables and cook 1 minute longer. Whisk in sherry and start to pick up pan drippings. Whisk in consomme and continue whisking. Add tomato and black pepper. Slide meat back into the pan and coat with sauce. Reduce heat to low and simmer 5 minutes.nSpoon Pepper Steak over Mushroom Rice Pilaf and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon butter, 10 white mushrooms, chopped, 1 34 cups water, 1 package rice pilaf mix recommended: Near East brand, 6.09 ounces, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan, 2 pounds tenderloin tips or sirloin, cut into chunks, Coarse salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 green bell peppers, seeded, 2 inch dice, 12 white onion, sliced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 14 cup dry sherry u2013 eyeball it, 1 12 cups beef consomme, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper], title: Pepper Steak and Rice Pilaf with Mushrooms, picturelink: t6wQr2QUcfkMCIvJzXcVeIdEymtbNT2}, 44561: {instructions: Fill a large heavy saucepan with 2 to 3 inches of cooking oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. The oil temperature should be at 350 degrees F when you start frying.nIn a large bowl, mix the eggs and milk then add the flour and baking powder and mix thoroughly with a handheld mixer. Strain the mixture to remove any lumps. Add more milk if you want a thinner crust. In a small bowl, mix the Cajun spice mix, cayenne pepper, white pepper, black pepper, dry mustard, and salt. Add this spice mixture to the batter. Cut the onions into thick slabs, dunk them in the batter, and fry them, in batches, in the oil until golden brown. Serve the onion rings with the Blue Cheese Dip, sliced carrot, and celery.nIn a large bowl, mix all the ingredients together. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve the sauce in a side bowl for dipping., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 eggs, 5 cups 2 percent milk, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon Cajun spice mix recommended: Paul Prudhommes, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 23 teaspoons salt, 3 extralarge yellow onions, Blue Cheese Dip, recipe follows, 1 carrot, sliced, 1 stalk celery, sliced, 2 cups sour cream, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 cups blue cheese, 1 tablespoon minced serrano chile peppers, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Buffalo Onion Rings and Blue Cheese Dip, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 44562: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, combine haddock, shrimp, and scallops and mix well. Spray a mediumsized casserole dish lightly with baking spray. Sliced the cooked sweet potatoes very thinly. Layer sliced sweet potato in the bottom of the baking dish and cover with uncooked baby spinach leaves. Gently pour 2 cups cream over the potatoes and spinach. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with 34 of the Parmesan, then add the seafood mixture. Cover with remaining 2 cups cream and Parmesan.nBake for 25 to 30 minutes. When ready to serve, garnish lightly with fresh chopped parsley or put a sprig of parsley on side of dish., ingredients: [1 pound haddock, cut into bitesized pieces, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 pound sea scallops, cut into bitesized pieces, 2 medium sweet potatoes, peeled, halved, and boiled until fork tender, 1 bag baby spinach leaves, rinsed and stems removed, 2 cups heavy cream, plus 2 cups, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup fresh grated Parmesan, Fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Seafood Florentine, picturelink: null}, 44563: {instructions: Trim 1 bunch broccoli peel the stems and quarter the bunch lengthwise. Toss with olive oil season with salt and pepper. Grill until charred and tender, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Whisk 3 tablespoons olive oil, the zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon each grated pecorino and water and 1 teaspoon dijon mustard season with salt and pepper and drizzle over the broccoli. Top with shaved pecorino.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: Lemony Grilled Broccoli, picturelink: eBtbXXrvJMfgEyZ68mYcOfHhmdPzd2}, 44564: {instructions: Whisk the butter and flour in a saute pan. Cook while whisking over medium to low heat for 5 minutes. Reserve roux.nSeason the halibut and salmon with salt and pepper. In a deep saucepot, sear the fish in a 3 tablespoons of butter and a 2 tablespoon of olive oil. Sear and reserve leaving fish as raw as possible. Season with additional salt, pepper, and cayenne.nIn the same pan, add the potatoes, fennel wedges, poblano, leeks, turnips, carrots, and cauliflower with 2 tablespoons butter this will help caramelize the vegetables.nWhen caramelized, add the bay leaves, garlic, and pearl onions. Cook until vegetables just begin to color. Deglaze with brandy, allow to reduce until mostly dry. Add white wine and reduce to almost dry. Add fish stock or water. Allow to simmer for 5 minutes.nAdd cream and veal demiglace. Return to moderate heat and allow to reduce slightly. Whisk in a few tablespoons at a time of the roux while the liquid is simmering gently. You may find you dont need to use all of the roux.nAdd thyme leaves. Return to light boil and add clams. As they begin to open, add spinach, shallots, and lemon juice to the sauce. Remove from the heat.nAdd Lemon Pepper Dumplings and stir gently. Add halibut and salmon. Ladle into bowls. Flake smoked sea bass over. Sprinkle with chopped parsley and drizzle with Parsley Oil.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat the potatoes with olive oil. Place them on a rack on a sheet pan. Roast in oven until soft to the center, about 30 minutes.nAllow to cool enough to handle. It is very important that they be assembled out of hot potatoes. Squeeze the potato flesh out of the skins and into a food mill. Mill the potatoes. Weigh the potato puree and determine the amount of egg yolks and flour to be added.nShape the potato puree into a large well. Sprinkle the potatoes with the nutmeg and the grated Parmesan. Surround the well of potatoes with a larger well of flour, measured 1 cup to each pound of riced potatoes. Sprinkle the salt and pepper onto the flour. Add 2 yolks per pound of potatoes into the center of the well. Pour the lemon oil, zest, and juice in the center of the well. Using a meat fork, incorporate the eggs first into the potatoes and then into the flour, just enough to get them mostly together. Then, use your hands to need the mass into a dough. Use additional flour thrown on the dough and the work surface as necessary to form a soft dough.nAllow to rest covered with plastic for 20 minutes. Knead the dough again and then shape it into a 2inch thick rectangle. Using a dough cutter cut off a 1inch ribbon of dough. Flour your work surface lightly and using your hands roll the dough into a round tube about 12inch in diameter. With a dough cutter, make 12inch long dumplings. Gently roll the pieces on the floured surface. Using a gnocchi board roll the pieces into dumplings with a dimple in the center. Place dumpling on a half sheet pan covered in parchment and sprinkled with flour and cornmeal.nBlanch the parsley and spinach. Shock in salted ice water and squeeze the water out. Place the parsley spinach mix into a blender with the olive oil. Blend on low for 3 to 4 minutes. Place cheesecloth into china cap or finemesh sieve and pour the oil into it, to gravity strain. Reserve the resulting bright green parsley oil.nHeat the oil to about 110 degrees F. Place the lemon zest in a blender. Pour the hot oil over it. Run blender on slowest speed for about 1 minute. Allow each to sit overnight. The next day, strain the oil through a cheesecloth., ingredients: [12 pound butter, plus 3 tablespoons, plus 2 tablespoons, 8 tablespoons flour, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 2pound halibut fillet, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 2pound salmon fillet, cut into 1inch cubes, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons virgin olive oil, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 2 fennel bulbs, cut in wedges, 1 poblano chile, stemmed, seeded, and cut into 12inch pieces, 2 leeks, cleaned, whites cut into 12inch pieces, 4 large turnips, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 2 large carrots, cut into pinwheels, 12 medium head cauliflower, cut into small flowerets, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 pint red pearl onions, peeled, 1 cup brandy, 375 ml white wine, 5 cups fish stock or water, 2 cups cream, 1 cup veal demiglace, 12 bunch thyme, leaves picked, 3 pounds clams, 4 cups spinach, 4 shallots, minced, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, Lemon Pepper Dumplings, recipe follows, 12 pound smoked sea bass, 4 teaspoons chopped parsley, Parsley Oil, recipe follows, 8 medium to large Yukon Gold potatoes, 2 tablespoons virgin olive oil, plus more, to prevent sticking, 12 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Allpurpose flour amount determined by weight of roasted potato puree, plus more, for sprinkling, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons finely ground black pepper, Egg yolks amount determined by weight of roasted potato puree, 1 tablespoon Meyer Lemon Oil, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon Meyer lemon zest, 1 tablespoon Meyer lemon juice, Cornmeal, for sprinkling, 1 bunch parsley, chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 cup cleaned and dried spinach leaves, 2 cups virgin olive oil, 1 cup olive oil, 3 Meyer lemons, zested], title: Blanquette of Halibut and Clams with Lemon Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 44565: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and peppermint extracts and beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture, then increase the speed to medium high and beat until well combined.nDivide the dough into 3 pieces. Return 1 piece to the bowl beat in the red food coloring with the mixer until the color is fully incorporated. Beat the green food coloring into another piece of dough. Leave the last piece of dough plain. Place each piece of dough on a separate sheet of plastic wrap and pat into a 4inch square. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nLightly flour 1 piece of dough roll out between 2 sheets of parchment paper into a 9by12inch rectangle. Repeat with the remaining dough. Refrigerate the dough rectangles until firm, about 30 minutes.nCarefully remove the top piece of parchment from each piece of dough. Flip the plain dough on top of the red dough remove the parchment. Flip the green dough on top of the plain dough remove the parchment. Cut the stack in half crosswise. Roll up each half lengthwise into a tight log, using the parchment to help you. Transfer to a baking sheet, cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Trim the ends of each log slice into 14inchthick rounds and divide between the prepared baking sheets. Sprinkle with coarse sugar. If the dough is too soft to slice, refrigerate until firm, 15 to 30 minutes. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are just firm, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure peppermint extract, 14 teaspoon red food coloring, 14 teaspoon green food coloring, Coarse sugar, for decorating], title: Peppermint Pinwheels, picturelink: ZEgzHbZyFAXQoNu0PxaAsbBfVfwDxr.}, 44566: {instructions: Fill a large wine goblet with crushed ice. Gently muddle the rye, peach nectar, dash of bitters, peaches, mint, and a squeeze of lemon juice in a cocktail shaker. Pour over ice and serve cold., ingredients: [Crushed ice, 2 to 2 12 ounces rye whiskey, 2 12 ounces peach nectar, Dash bitters, About 5 wedges frozen peaches, halved, 3 to 4 fresh mint leaves, roughly chopped, 1 lemon wedge], title: Peach Cobbler Cocktail, picturelink: TAfl4dl7Zl8VyFGsC2yqG6zV68uJcla}, 44567: {instructions: 1. To make the batter, whisk the flour, salt, egg yolk, and 12 cup water in a medium bowl. Add the sparkling water and then the olive oil. Set aside for 20 minutes.n2. Meanwhile, stir together the harissa and mayonnaise in a bowl and set aside.n3. For the frito misto, bring 3 inches canola oil to 375 degrees F in a large, heavybottomed deep pot. Line 2 plates or a rack with paper towels.n4. Whisk together the egg whites and salt until they hold stiff peaks. Fold into the batter. Pat dry the vegetables and prawns and dip, a few at a time, into the batter and then into the oil. Fry in small batches, starting with the sage and ending with the prawns, until golden and the vegetables are crisptender, about 3 minutes, depending on the size, turning to brown on both sides. Drain on paper towels and season with salt while warm. Serve with the harissa mayonnaise., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, Pinch sea salt, 1 egg yolk, 12 cup seltzer or mineral water, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons harissa, 13 cup mayonnaise, Canola oil, for frying, 2 large egg whites, Pinch salt, 1 delicata squash, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 sweet potato, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced and separated into rings, 12 green beans, 8 fresh whole sage leaves, 8 prawns, tails intact, peeled and deveined], title: Vegetable and Shrimp Frito Misto with Harissa Mayonnaise, picturelink: DJ..wnWRiecqAXojXyG3YSenf1uzyVS}, 44568: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the beans, reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook, skimming occasionally, approximately 1 12 hours. To test for doneness, taste 3 or 4 of the smaller beans. They should be cooked through and creamy inside. Mash, along with the liquid in the pot, with a potato masher or the back of a wooden spoon until creamy.nHeat the lard or other fat in a medium saucepan over medium high heat. Saute the onions with the salt and pepper until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add the mashed beans and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the liquid evaporates and the beans form a mass that pulls away from the sides and bottom of the pan, about 10 minutes. Serve immediately. Refried beans can be kept in the refrigerator 3 or 4 days and reheated in a covered casserole in a 350 degree oven., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 2 cups pinto beans, washed and picked over, 23 cup lard or 13 cup 5 13 tablespoons unsalted butter and 13 cup olive oil, 1 large onion, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Refried Pinto Beans, picturelink: null}, 44569: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometernFor the wings: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 1 large or 2 small rimmed baking sheets with foil.nWhisk together the flour, cayenne and salt in a large bowl.nHeat 2 inches of oil in a large, heavybottomed pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Working in 3 batches, dredge the wings in the flour mixture and fry until lightly browned, 10 to 12 minutes per batch. Transfer the wings with a slotted spoon to a papertowellined plate. Make sure the oil returns to the proper temperature before frying each batch.nCombine the butter, hot sauce and lemon juice in a large bowl. Toss the fried wings in the hot sauce mixture transfer the wings and sauce to the prepared baking sheets. Bake, flipping the wings occasionally, until they are crispy and have absorbed most of the sauce, about 35 minutes.nFor the blue cheese dressing: Whisk together the mayonnaise, halfandhalf, sour cream, lemon juice, salt, Worcestershire and 14 cup of the blue cheese in a medium bowl until smooth. Gently stir in the remaining 14 cup blue cheese and season with pepper to taste. Use immediately, or refrigerate for up to 3 days. Makes about 2 12 cups dressing.nTransfer the wings to a serving platter and serve with the blue cheese dressing and celery and carrot sticks., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon fine salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, wingtips removed and discarded, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup hot sauce, or to taste, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, such as Maytag about 3 ounces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Celery sticks, for serving, Carrot sticks, for serving], title: BuffaloStyle Chicken Wings, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 44570: {instructions: Roughly chop the garlic cloves in the food processor. Add the mint and repeat. Add the brown sugar, salt, pepper, mustard, and oil and blend to a paste. Spread the paste evenly on the meat side of the roast. Roll the leg into a roast shape and tie with cotton butchers twine. Fire 2 quarts 1 chimneys worth of charcoal natural chunk is best. When charcoal is lightly covered with gray ash, split the coals into 2 piles and move them to the far sides of the cooker. Close the lid and allow the grate to heat. Then, place the lamb, skin side up, on the middle of the hot grate. Add the rosemary sprigs to the charcoal briquettes and close the lid and grill. After 20 minutes, flip the roast and rotate it 180 degrees. Insert the probe thermometer into the roast and continue to grill until it reaches an internal temperature of 135 degrees, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the roast at 135 degrees. Remove the butchers twine from the roast. Cover with foil and rest it for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 sirloin end leg of lamb, boned, and trussed, 4 cloves garlic, 8 fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 5 tablespoons strong mustard, such as Dijon, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary], title: Silence of the Leg O Lamb, picturelink: null}, 44571: {instructions: Fill 4 tall glasses with crushed ice. Combine the ginger beer, club soda, lime juice and grenadine in a pitcher and pour over the ice. Add a shot of gin to each glass. Garnish with limes rounds andor cherries., ingredients: [4 cups ginger beer, 1 cup club soda or seltzer water, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 14 cup grenadine, Gin, Lime rounds andor maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: GinGin Lime Rickey, picturelink: null}, 44572: {instructions: Poach tuna in salted water for 3 to 4 minutes until cooked through. Flake and pull apart. Combine with mayonnaise, mustard, relish, onion and celery, herbs, salt and pepper. Spoon on rolls. Top with some sliced sweet pickles and potato chips., ingredients: [4 34 inch thick Fresh albacore tuna steaks about 10 to 12 ounces, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons sweet relish, 1 sweet onion, finely diced, 2 celery ribs, finely diced, Bunch dill, snipped, Bunch chives, chopped, Salt and pepper, Potato bread hamburger rolls, Bottled sweet pickles, Potato chips], title: Fresh Tuna Salad Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 44573: {instructions: For the hash browns:nPlace potatoes in a medium pot of cold, salted water, bring to a boil and cook until fully cooked about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain, let cool slightly, and grate on a grater using the large holes.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil or remaining bacon fat, in a large saute pan over medium heat and add the onions, season with salt and pepper and cook until golden brown and caramelized, stirring occasionally.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large nonstick saute pan over high heat, add the potatoes and cook until golden brown. Stir in the onions, poblano chile, ancho chile powder, paprika, and salt and pepper and cook until just warmed through.nFor the tomato relish:nCombine the diced tomatoes, red onion, jalapeno, cilantro, lime juice, olive oil, honey, salt, and black pepper in a bowl and let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes before serving.nFor the quesadillas:nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place 4 tortillas on a work surface and top with cheese, hash browns, and bacon. Cover with 4 more tortillas to make 4 2layer quesadillas. Brush the tops with oil and sprinkle with the ancho powder.nTransfer the quesadillas to a large baking sheet and bake in the oven until golden brown and cheese has melted, approximately 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven, and cut each quesadilla into quarters.nFor the quail eggs:nHeat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium nonstick saute pan until it begins to shimmer. Crack each egg into a ramekin and carefully slide into the pan cook 4 at a time. Season with salt and pepper and cook until the white has set and the yolk is slightly firm, carefully flip over and continue cooking for another minute.nAssembly:nTop each quesadilla quarter with a fried quail egg and a few heaping tablespoons tomato relish and garnish with chopped chives. Arrange on a platter., ingredients: [8 ounces thickcut bacon, cut into lardons and cooked until golden brown, 2 large Idaho potatoes, scrubbed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, divided, 2 large Spanish onions, halved and thinly sliced, 1 poblano chile, finely diced, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 ripe beefsteak tomatoes or 4 ripe plum tomatoes, diced, 12 red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 6inch flour tortillas, 2 12 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 teaspoons ancho chile powder, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 quail eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, Special equipment: Ramekins], title: Crispy Bacon and Hash Brown Quesadillas with Fried Quail Eggs, picturelink: null}, 44574: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a flat top grill pan to high heat.nAdd sliced onion to grill pan and cook until tender, about 10 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, mix ground beef, onion powder, salt and freshly ground pepper. Make burgers equal in size, about 2inches across.nCook burgers on the flat top for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Serve on split rolls with grilled onions and mustard sauce.nMix all ingredients in a mixing bowl., ingredients: [1 medium red onion, sliced, 1 pound lean ground beef, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 to 15 small potato rolls, split in 12, Mustard sauce, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mini Memphis Burgers, picturelink: uqxxDpgo6aZmk92sgChhRoPCq23f2n.}, 44575: {instructions: Using a blender, combine all of the ingredients and puree. Pass through a strainer to remove the seeds.nPlace the mixture in an ice cream machine and freeze sorbet according to manufactures directions. Place in freezer until ready to serve.nServe in a Martini glass with fresh mint leaves., ingredients: [1 12 pounds raspberries, 1 cup water, 1 Thai chile, stemmed, seeded, and roughly chopped, 12 cup sugar, 2 lemons, juiced, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Raspberry Chili Sorbet, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 44576: {instructions: Drizzle two teaspoons olive oil on steaks and spread with your hands to cover steaks with a film of oil. Season both sides of steak with salt and pepper. Coat both sides with thyme leaves, pressing with your hands to make them adhere. Heat the two tablespoons olive oil on high heat in a heavy skillet until very hot but not smoking. Add one tablespoon butter, tilting the pan to coat and immediately add steaks and sear until steaks are beginning to brown and a nice crust forms, about 34 minutes.nTurn steaks, reduce heat to mediumhigh and continue cooking until steaks are medium rare, about another 4 minutes depending on thickness of steaks. Remove steaks to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Reduce heat to medium and add shallot to pan, cook stirring until shallot begins to soften, about 2 minutes.nAdd wine to pan and continue cooking, scraping bottom of pan to loosen brown bits. When almost all wine has evaporated, add chicken broth, raise heat to high and boil until reduced by half. Swirl in remaining butter. Taste sauce and season with salt and pepper if needed, then pour over steaks. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 lbs. hangar steak cut into 46 portions, 13 cup fresh thyme leaves, 2 Tbs. plus 2 tsp. olive oil, 3 Tbs. unsalted butter, salt and pepper, 1 small shallot, minced, 14 cup dry white wine, 12 cup unsalted chicken broth], title: Thyme Honored Steak, picturelink: null}, 44577: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9inch square baking dish. Combine the almond paste, whole eggs, egg yolks, melted butter and 14 cup sugar in a food processor. Pulse until combined with a few small lumps of almond paste. Add 1 tablespoon orange blossom water, the baking powder, salt and vanilla pulse to combine. Add the phyllo pieces and pulse until finely chopped. Spread the mixture evenly in the prepared pan. Bake until golden brown and firm on top, 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the syrup: Heat the orange juice, honey, lemon juice, the remaining 34 cup sugar and the remaining 1 tablespoon orange blossom water in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm.nRemove the baking dish from the oven and immediately pour half of the syrup over the cake let soak in, 15 minutes. Add the pistachios to the remaining syrup and pour over the cake, spreading the pistachios with a rubber spatula. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely in the pan, about 3 hours, tipping the pan occasionally to distribute the syrup. Cut diagonally into small diamonds.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, plus more for the pan, 1 7ounce log almond paste, broken into small pieces, 2 large eggs plus 2 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons orange blossom water, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 8 ounces frozen phyllo sheets, thawed and torn into pieces, 34 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 cup unsalted pistachios, finely chopped], title: OrangePistachio Phyllo Diamonds, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 44578: {instructions: Tear romaine into pieces into a bowl. Halve cucumber lengthwise and seed. Thinly slice cucumber crosswise and add to romaine, along with the carrots and baby corn. Chill romaine mixture, covered. Mince shallot, jalapeno, and garlic wear rubber gloves when handling jalapeno and in a large bowl stir together with lime juice, soy sauce, 1 12 tablespoons oil, fish sauce, and sugar until sugar is dissolved.nPat steak dry and season with salt. In an 8 to 10inch heavy skillet heat remaining tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute steak 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare. Transfer steak to a cutting board and let stand 5 minutes.nWhile steak is standing, stack the mint leaves and thinly slice. Toss mint with romaine mixture and all but about 2 tablespoons dressing until combined well. Divide salad between 2 plates and slice steak. Toss steak with remaining dressing and arrange on salads., ingredients: [12 head romaine, 12 small English cucumber, 1 cup shredded carrots, 12 cup small baby corn, 1 small shallot, 1 small fresh jalapeno, 1 garlic clove, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 1 14inch thick ribeye steak about 34 pound, 14 cup packed fresh mint leaves], title: Southeast Asian Steak Salad, picturelink: null}, 44579: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small, dry skillet, toast the cumin seeds, coriander seeds, chile, and pine nuts over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Transfer the dressing to a serving bowl and whisk in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd the olives, tomatoes, cilantro and cheese. Toss gently to combine and serve.nCooks Note: The dried chile can also be cut into small rings using scissors., ingredients: [2 teaspoons whole cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons whole coriander seeds, 1 chile de arbol with seeds torn into very small pieces or 12 teaspoon chili flakes see Cooks Note, 14 cup pine nuts, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup pitted and halved black kalamata olives, 34 cup pitted and halved green olives, 34 cup halved assorted colored cherry or grape tomatoes, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 8 ounces Mexican Cotija or feta cheese, cubed], title: Mexican Summer Salad, picturelink: 7YIZXZQuJ6bDaDEnqQMyhIu9CXvUe}, 44580: {instructions: Follow the Pasta with Tender Vegetables recipe, adding rosemary to the Sauteed mushrooms and parsley when tossing the pasta., ingredients: [1 pound mushrooms, trimmed and sliced thin, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 medium garlic cloves, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary or 1 12 teaspoons dried, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Pasta with Mushrooms, Rosemary and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 44581: {instructions: In a medium saucepan set over medium heat, add the carrots, olive oil, garlic and onions. Sweat until cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the oregano, tomatoes, basil and bay leaf. Simmer until the acidity diminishes, 1 hour.nPuree the sauce or leave it chunky if the vegetables are finely chopped and uniform in size. Season with salt and pepper, and use immediately or cool and reserve for a later use., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped carrots, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 13 onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 8 ounces canned crushed tomatoes, 4 fresh basil leaves, 13 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tomato Sauce, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 44582: {instructions: Soak almonds in water for at least 8 hours and sunflower seeds for 6 hours.nDrain almonds and sunflower seeds. Grate carrot and celery in a food processor. Add the onion, parsley, lemon juice, olive oil, and seasonings and process until desired consistency. Remove the mixture from the food processor bowl and form it into a loaf. Using a loaf pan makes this easier. Cover the loaf with plastic wrap and let rest for at least 1 hour so that the flavors to mingle.nServe on a bed of leaf lettuce, sprinkled with scallions and accompanied by the vegetable slices, if using., ingredients: [12 cup almonds, 12 cup sunflower seeds, 1 carrot, peeled, 2 celery stalks, 18 cup chopped red onion, 1 teaspoon dried parsley or 14 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon kelp powder, 12 teaspoon Celtic sea salt, Leaf lettuce, for serving, 1 scallion, chopped, optional, 12 ripe avocado, sliced, optional, 12 ripe tomato, sliced, optional, 12 red bell pepper, sliced, optional], title: Almost Tuna Loaf, picturelink: null}, 44583: {instructions: Debone the pig by removing the back bone and rib cage. This leaves the head, legs and skin of the body. You can ask your butcher to do this. Quarter the pork butts. Chop all seasonings to the texture of coarse ground pepper. Pour all seasoning in a large mixing bowl with garlic and olive oil. Mix until texture is similar to wallpaper paste. Poke holes in the pork butt with a knife. Open the holes with your fingers and fill with seasoning. Take the remainder of the seasoning and coat the inside of the pig. Fill the gut of the pig with the pork butts and sew the stomach of the pig as you go along using steel wire and needle nosed pliers. Once the pig is stuffed, take stainless steel chicken wire and wrap the pig this is a substitute for the ribcage to hold it together while cooking. Fill a large grill with wood chips and heat to 425 to 450 degrees F. After the grill is heated, place 2 large pieces of wet oak on the fire. Place the pig on a large grill use wood chips for your charcoal it is a nice hot steady temperature which lasts along time. BBQ for approximately 6 to 8 hours, maintaining a grill temperature of 425 to 450 degrees F., ingredients: [1 60 pound fresh pig, 40 pounds good quality pork butts, 1 cup fennel seed, 1 12 cups fresh rosemary leaves, 1 cup fresh basil, 1 cup fresh oregano, 1 cup fresh Italian parsley, 14 cup plus 18 cup crushed red pepper, 1 cup coarse ground pepper, 1 12 cups coarse salt, 6 cups fresh garlic cloves, 3 cups olive oil, Chicken wire and wood chips, for grilling], title: Tailgating, picturelink: null}, 44584: {instructions: Remove the tart cake from the packaging, put it on a cake plate and douse with the liqueur. In a small bowl whisk or beat the cream, mascarpone cheese and lemon curd to combine. Fill the tart with the cheese mixture and top with the berries, lemon zest and mint., ingredients: [1 storebought sponge cake tart shell, 12inch diameter, available in produce or bakery departments, 2 ounces chilled limoncello liqueur, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, 13 cup lemon curd, 12 pint raspberries, 12 pint blackberries, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 2 tablespoons very thinly sliced mint leaves], title: Limoncello and Lemon Cream Fruit Tart, picturelink: null}, 44585: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nPlace the brisket in an ovensafe pan. Combine the ketchup and soup mix in a bowl, and then stir it around to mix. Pour in 1 cup water and stir to combine. You can add more water if needednPour the sauce all over the brisket, and then flip the brisket over to coat the other side. Now just cover the pan with foil and roast in the oven for 6 to 7 hours.nRemove the pan from the oven and test the brisket to make sure its forktender. The brisket should fall apart if you look at it Slice the brisket into thin strips, then return the beef to the sauce and keep it warm until youre ready to serve., ingredients: [One 5 to 8pound beef brisket, trimmed of all fat the butcher can do this for you, One 24ounce bottle ketchup or chilli sauce, 1 package dry onion soup mix, Several dashes hot sauce], title: Tangy Tomato Brisket, picturelink: uGF2n0XtOJZRPlmyyRoO4wQqQex3XFG}, 44586: {instructions: Whisk the cream in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Add the bourbon and sugar and continue whisking until the cream holds slightly stiff peaks when the whisk is removed from the bowl. Refrigerate and serve cold., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon bourbon, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Sunnys Bourbon Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 44587: {instructions: Special equipment: 12cup bundt pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 12cup bundt pan with cooking spray and dust with cocoa powder, tapping out the excess.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt. Reserve for later use.nIn a small saucepan, combine the butter and beer. Cook over medium heat until the butter melts. Remove from the heat and add 8 ounces of the chocolate, whisking until the chocolate completely melts and the mixture is smooth.nUsing an electric mixer set to mediumhigh speed, beat the egg, brown sugar and granulated sugar until fluffy. Beat in the chocolatestout mixture and sour cream. Reduce the speed to low and gradually add the flour mixture until just combined, making sure not to over mix.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 50 minutes.nCool the cake for 30 minutes in the pan and then invert onto a serving plate.nIn a small saucepan, bring the whipping cream and Mexican crema to a boil. Once boiling, remove from the heat and add the remaining 4 ounces chocolate. Whisk until smooth. Drizzle over the inverted bundt cake. Using a fine mesh sieve, sprinkle some powdered sugar over the top. Arrange fresh mint leave around the cake and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, Unsweetened cocoa powder, for dusting, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 34 cup stout beer, such as Guinness, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 3 large eggs, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup sour cream, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, 14 cup Mexican crema, Powdered sugar, for garnish, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Chocolate Stout Bundt Cake, picturelink: YYmOvAZATQ.uDHLRAojlcRaH3oCKoDW}, 44588: {instructions: Make the pastry puffs: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Bring 1 cup water, the butter, granulated sugar and salt to a boil in a medium saucepan. Remove from the heat and sift the flour directly into the pan stir with a wooden spoon until a paste forms. Return to medium heat and cook, stirring constantly, until the paste is shiny and pulls away from the side of the pan, about 3 minutes.nTransfer to a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on medium speed to cool slightly, about 2 minutes. Beat in 1 egg until incorporated, then beat in 1 more egg. Whisk the third egg in a small bowl, then beat into the dough, 1 tablespoon at a time, until just smooth and tight. You may not need all of the third egg.nTransfer the dough to a pastry bag fitted with a 14inch round tip. Pipe 1 14inch rounds of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, about 1 inch apart you should have about 50 puffs. Alternatively, drop the dough in small mounds onto the baking sheets with a spoon. Smooth the dough peaks with a dampened finger, then transfer to the oven and bake until puffed, 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue baking until golden, 5 more minutes. Turn off the oven but leave the puffs inside to dry out, 5 to 7 more minutes. Remove from the oven and pierce a small hole in each puff with a paring knife to let steam escape transfer to a rack to cool completely.nMake the filling: Put the white chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring the heavy cream to a boil in a small saucepan, then pour it over the chocolate. Gently whisk until smooth and cool, about 7 minutes whisk in the peppermint extract. Stir in the mascarpone until combined. Cover and refrigerate until thick enough to pipe, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a large pastry bag fitted with a 14inch round tip.nInsert the tip of the pastry bag into the hole in each puff and pipe in the filling. Transfer the filled puffs to a baking sheet refrigerate at least 30 minutes or up to 2 hours.nMake the icing: Whisk the confectioners sugar and milk in a large bowl until smooth. Assemble the croquembouche: Dip the bottom of a puff into the icing, letting the excess drip off. Transfer the puff to a platter, icingside down. Repeat with more puffs, arranging them sidebyside in a 7inch circle. Fill in the circle with more puffs to stabilize the base of the tower. Continue building a conical tower of puffs, using the icing to hold them in place. If the icing becomes too thick, whisk in more milk, 1 teaspoon at a time.nDust the croquembouche with confectioners sugar and sprinkle with crushed candy canes chill until set, about 15 minutes.nPhotographs by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, 10 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped, 23 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon peppermint extract, 1 16ounce container mascarpone cheese, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, plus more for dusting, 14 cup whole milk, plus more if needed, Crushed candy canes, for topping], title: Candy Cane Croquembouche, picturelink: FljQAtY4oK885T4jgcu33HWth1l.gu}, 44589: {instructions: Put the chicken in a medium stockpot. Add the garlic, celery, bay leaf, carrots, lemons, onions and herb bundle and sprinkle with salt. Add enough water to cover the chicken. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 45 minutes. Remove the chicken from the liquid and let cool. Strain the stock. Remove the skin and bones from the chicken, and shred the meat using your fingers or 2 forks., ingredients: [1 cup plain Greek yogurt, Vegenaise or mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons curry powder see Cooks Note, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 13 to 1 12 pounds Poached Chicken Breasts, recipe follows, 4 scallions, finely chopped, 1 small green apple, peeled and finely chopped, 1 organic carrot, shredded, Softened butter, for the rolls, 4 New England sandwich rolls or brioche lobster rolls, Chopped crispy romaine hearts or other lettuce, 12 to 23 cup slivered almonds, toasted, Crystallized ginger, very thinly sliced, for garnish, Vegetable chips or sweet potato chips, for serving, 6 bonein, skinon chicken breast halves or 3 full breasts, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 to 3 celery stalks, quartered, 1 bay leaf, 1 carrot, quartered, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 onion, quartered, Herb bundle of fresh parsley, rosemary, sage and thyme tied with kitchen string, Kosher salt], title: Cold Chicken Curry with Toasted Almonds and Crystallized Ginger, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 44590: {instructions: Butterfly the chicken: Slice each breast almost in half horizontally do not cut all the way through open like a book so the chicken lies flat.nCombine the olive oil, garlic, ancho chile powder, cumin, coriander, paprika, chipotle chile powder, 1 teaspoon lime juice and 1 14 teaspoons salt in a large bowl. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours.nPreheat a grill to medium. Meanwhile, make the salsa: Toss the tomatoes, tomatillos, red onion and the remaining 3 teaspoons lime juice in a bowl season with salt. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nBrush the grill grates with olive oil. Grill the chicken, turning once, until marked and just cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes per side. Top with the salsa and serve with the lime wedges.nPer serving: Calories 344 Fat 7 g Saturated 1 g Cholesterol 148 mg Sodium 769 mg Carbohydrate 7 g Fiber 1 g Protein 60 g Photograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 2 14 pounds, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 small clove garlic, finely grated, 1 12 teaspoons ancho chile powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon paprika, 14 to 12 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, 4 teaspoons fresh lime juice, plus lime wedges for serving, Kosher salt, 2 tomatoes, diced, 3 tomatillos, husked, rinsed and diced, 14 cup finely diced red onion], title: ChileRubbed Grilled Chicken With Salsa, picturelink: RJz1k4.fiYf9QKJVC0BCscQZOvgTfC}, 44591: {instructions: Mix all ingredients. Store in an airtight container until ready for use., ingredients: [12 cup ground chile molido, 3 tablespoons roasted ground coriander, 2 tablespoons toasted ground cumin, Dashes salt and sugar], title: Spice Rub, picturelink: 76Eov.l5CPVGXPr84SNw.MyFem3j9cK}, 44592: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Put the pecans on a rimmed baking sheet and toast, stirring occasionally, until lightly fragrant and a smidge darker, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool completely.nMeanwhile, add the apples to a spice grinder and grind to a fine powder. Transfer to a small bowl.nAdd the cooled pecans to the spice grinder and pulse until they are the texture of very coarse cornmeal. Be careful not to grind them into a paste.nTransfer the pecans to the bowl with the ground apples. Add the sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt. Stir to combine. Keep in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [13 cup pecan halves, 13 cup crumbled freezedried apples, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Small pinch kosher salt], title: Apple Streusel Spice Blend, picturelink: null}, 44593: {instructions: To make Madeleines: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. and spray Madeleine pan generously butter and flour a Madeleine pan preferably nonstick, knocking out excess flour.nIn a bowl sift the flour, baking powder, salt, and zest together.nIn another bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter, lemon juice, and sugar until mixture is light and fluffy. Add the lemon zest. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and add flour mixture, beating until just combined.nSpoon some of the batter into prepared Madeleine molds, filling the mold 34 full. Using both hands, pick up the Madeleine tray and lightly tap against the table to spread the batter evenly. This will eliminate any air pockets and ensure that molds are not overfilled.nBake Madeleines in middle of oven 20 to 25 minutes, or until edges are browned and tops are golden. Loosen edges and transfer Madeleines to a rack set over a baking dish. Make more Madeleines in pan, cleaned and freshly sprayed.nTo make lemon syrup: While first batch of madeleines is baking, in a small saucepan bring syrup ingredients to a boil, stirring, and remove from heat.nBrush warm madeleines with some of hot syrup and repeat with remaining madeleines as they are baked, keeping syrup warm., ingredients: [2 cups cake flour not selfrising, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest from about 7 large lemons, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 cups sugar, 6 large eggs, For lemon syrup:, 14 cup water, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup lemon vodka, 14 cup fresh lemon juice], title: Lemon Madeleines with Lemon Vodka Syrup, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 44594: {instructions: Make the compote: Combine the tarragon sprigs, granulated sugar and 1 34 cups water in a medium saucepan bring to a boil and stir until the sugar dissolves. Add the rhubarb, reduce the heat to low and cook until softened but not falling apart, about 3 minutes. Strain the rhubarb over a bowl, reserving the liquid keep the rhubarb in the strainer to drain completely while assembling the strudel.nMake the strudels: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pulse the cream cheese, confectioners sugar, flour and vanilla seeds in a food processor until just combined.nLay out 1 phyllo sheet on a clean dry surface keep the remaining phyllo covered with a slightly damp kitchen towel. Brush lightly with clarified butter and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon chopped tarragon and 12 teaspoon granulated sugar. Layer another sheet of phyllo on top and top with more butter, tarragon and granulated sugar. Repeat the layering with the remaining phyllo do not top the final sheet. Cut the stack of phyllo in half crosswise. Reserve the remaining clarified butter about 1 tablespoon.nPut each phyllo stack on a piece of parchment paper thats slightly larger than the stack. Position the stacks with the long sides facing you. Divide the cream cheese mixture between the stacks, spreading it in a 2inchwide strip along the edge closest to you leave a 1inch border at the bottom and sides. Spoon the rhubarb pieces over the cream cheese filling. Starting from the side closest to you, use the parchment to lift the phyllo and roll tightly around the filling to make 2 logs arrange seamside down. Transfer the strudels on the parchment to a baking sheet.nBrush the strudels with the reserved clarified butter and sprinkle generously with granulated sugar. Bake until golden brown and crisp, 15 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, bring the reserved rhubarb liquid to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until syrupy, about 15 minutes.nLet the strudels cool 10 minutes on the baking sheet. Slide the strudels on the parchment onto a rack let cool 45 minutes. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar and drizzle with the rhubarb syrup.nHow to clarify butter:nStrudel recipes often call for clarified butter, which helps prevent the dough from getting soggy. To make it, melt the butter over mediumlow heat until the milk solids separate and rise to the top, 3 to 5 minutes. Let cool, then skim off the white foam and discard. Spoon the remaining clarified clear butter into a bowl discard the solids left at the bottom of the pan.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 sprigs tarragon, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 pound rhubarb, cut into 12inch pieces, 6 ounces cream cheese, 23 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for topping, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, 7 sheets frozen phyllo dough, thawed, 1 14 sticks 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, clarified see box below, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, plus more for topping], title: RhubarbTarragon Strudels, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 44595: {instructions: Preheat the grill.nSmash the anchovies into a paste with the back of your knife or a mortar and pestle. Remove the Italian sausage from its casing and add to a large bowl with the hamburger meat, smashed anchovies, onion, mint, garlic, Italian spice, salt and pepper. Mix all ingredients well.nOn a clean work surface, or a cutting board covered with plastic wrap, pour out the meat mixture and shape into a flat rectangle approximately the width of the loaf of bread and about 1 inch thick. Cooks note: You can make the rectangle a bit larger than the loaf of bread since the meat will shrink slightly during cooking.nCut the flattened hamburger in half, making 2 large patties for grilling. Place the patties on the preheated grill and cook until the ground meat reaches an internal temperature of 155 degrees F.nTo prepare the bread, first saute the garlic cloves and minced onion in olive oil until they soften, about 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Cut the loaf in half horizontally through the center to create 2 long pieces, top and bottom halves of the loaf. Paint the inside of each piece of bread with the oil mixture, coating them well. Remove the burgers from the heat and hold on a covered plate. Place the 2 bread halves on the coals, painted side down, to toast.nTo serve, place the burger patties on half of the toasted bread, add the lettuce and tomato slices, if using, and then top with the other half of the bread and cut into 1 to 2inch slices., ingredients: [1 tin anchovy fillets, 1 package spicy Italian sausage, 2 pounds fresh hamburger meat, 12 cup minced onion, 12 cup chopped mint leaves, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Lettuce or spinach, for garnish, Thinly sliced tomato, for garnish, 1 loaf Italian sweet bread or other good Italian bread in classic loaf, 34 clove garlic, minced, 1 small onion, finely minced, 12 cup olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Italian Hamburger Slices, picturelink: 7RO01mbK5xEU5i4.sr7kzjbsRZPqy}, 44596: {instructions: Combine the vodka, cranberry juice, orange liqueur, raspberry liqueur, lime juice and ice in a cocktail shaker. Shake, then pour into a martini glass. Garnish with a raspberry., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vodka, 1 12 ounces cranberry juice, 12 ounce orange liqueur, 12 ounce raspberry liqueur, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, 4 to 5 ice cubes, Raspberry, for garnish], title: Raspberry Cosmo, picturelink: Gu2Psn2WkaPjgg4Js96re81mi8Thwnu}, 44597: {instructions: For the Cranberry StuffingPork: Bring 2 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the cranberries, remove from the heat and let rest 1 hour, drain, reserving the soaking liquid and place in the bowl of a food processor. Add the pine nuts, cinnamon, cloves, brown sugar, cascabel powder, and a few tablespoons of the soaking liquid. Pulse until coarsely chopped, remove to a bowl.nPlace the tenderloin on a work surface and season with salt and pepper to taste. Spread a thin layer of the stuffing down the center, fold each side over the filling, and tie with a butchers twine and dredge lightly in the flour.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Heat the oil in a oven proof saute pan until smoking. Saute the tenderloin on all sides until golden brown. Place in the oven and roast until almost cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove and let rest 10 minutes. Slice into 1inch pieces.nFor the Chicken Sauce: Place chicken stock in a medium saucepan and reduce to 3 cups over high heat. Add apple juice, chipotle puree and black peppercorns and cook until reduced to 2 cups. Swirl in the butter and season with salt.nFor the Roasted Root Vegetables: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place vegetables and garlic in a large baking dish. Add the oil and toss to coat. Add the thyme and season with salt and pepper to taste. Cover the dish with foil and bake for 20 minutes, remove foil and continue baking for 20 minutes or until just cooked through, stirring the vegetables occasionally. Remove from the oven and fold in the parsley., ingredients: [1 12 cups sundried cranberries, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Pinch cloves, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cascabel powder, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup flour, 1 12 to 2 pound pork tenderloin, butterflied, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 cup apple juice, 1 teaspoon chipotle puree, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon cold butter, Salt, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 parsnips, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 red onions, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 turnips, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 4 whole shallots, 1 head garlic, broken into cloves and peeled, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup finely chopped flat leaf parsley], title: Roasted Pork Tenderloin Filled with SunDried Cranberry Stuffing with Roasted Root Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 44598: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, combine the basil, 12 cup of the olive oil, the salt and tomato puree. Stir together until combined. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 3 hours to allow the flavors to marry.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Place a rack on the highest level and leave space on the bottom of the oven for easy access.nHeat a large skillet over high heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the sausage and cook, breaking apart with a wooden spoon to form bitesize pieces, until golden brown and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Add the broccoli to the pan and stir to mix with the sausage. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature.nDust an upsidedown rimmed baking sheet with the flour. Gently stretch the pizza dough and place on the dusted tray. Continue to stretch out to 14inch thick leaving it a little thicker around the edges. Spread 1 cup of the sauce over the dough and top with the mozzarella. Spread the sausage and broccoli evenly over the crust and top with the Parmesan. Place the sheet tray directly on the bottom of the oven and bake for 5 minutes. Move the tray to the top shelf and finish cooking until golden brown and the crust is cooked, 5 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup fresh basil leaves, torn, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, One 28ounce can tomato puree, 1 pound spicy Italian sausage, casing removed, 1 bunch broccoli, cut into bitesize florets about 3 cups, 3 tablespoons flour, One 16ounce ball pizza dough, 12 ounces fresh mozzarella, sliced 14inch thick, 1 cup Parmesan], title: Sausage and Broccoli Pizza, picturelink: FLsdMpKTqbSXrKd2kaFOwRbt5eyVP6}, 44599: {instructions: Blanch the green beans in a large pot of boiling salted water until tendercrisp, 3 minutes. Remove the green beans from the boiling water, run under cold water for a few minutes to stop the cooking, and then drain and dry well.nWhisk together the walnut oil, vinegar and Dijon mustard in a small bowl. Stir in the salt and pepper.nAdd the cool green beans to a large bowl and toss in the walnuts, cranberries and shallots and drizzle in the vinaigrette. Place on a platter or serving dish and sprinkle with the blue cheese., ingredients: [1 34 pounds green beans, trimmed, 3 tablespoons roasted walnut oil, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 1 heaping teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup toasted walnuts, chopped, 13 cup dried cranberries, 1 small shallot, thinly sliced into halfmoons, 2 ounces crumbly blue cheese], title: Green Beans with Walnuts, Cranberries and Blue Cheese, picturelink: Hbou4NL78nKb2IRP41Dpao26fJkOhvm}, 44600: {instructions: Make the couscous according to the directions. Uncover and fluff with a fork. Transfer the couscous to a large bowl and let cool.nTo the couscous, add the artichoke quarters, cherry tomatoes, scallion, chickpeas, cucumber and mint.nRemove the breasts from the roast chicken  reserve the rest of the chicken for another use. Remove skin and cut the breasts into small pieces. Add the chicken to the couscous.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the reserved lemon juice, olive oil and the reserved artichoke liquid. Season with salt, pepper, and a little cayenne pepper, to taste. Pour this dressing over the couscous mixture and toss lightly to combine., ingredients: [1 10ounce box instant couscous, 6 ounces marinated artichoke heart quarters  drain and reserve liquid, 1 cup halved cherry tomatoes, 3 scallions, thinly sliced on a diagonal, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 large cucumber, peeled, seeded and cut into large dice, 12 cup loosely packed mint leaves, roughly torn, 1 store bought roast chicken, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper], title: Cool Couscous Salad, picturelink: j872vos1EdxtIKFmzIvSPCYBFG49SO2}, 44601: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small measuring cup, mix together the cream of coconut and white rum. Pour into a chilled martini glass.nIn a measuring cup, combine the tropical juice blend with the tequila and stir. Pour into the martini glass over the backside of a spoon on top of the cream of coconut to create a layered effect. Serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoon cream of coconut, 1 tablespoon white rum, such as Captain Morgans, 12 cup tropical juice blend, chilled, such as V8 Splash, 1 shot tequila], title: Magical Mad Hatter, picturelink: V3PKx2vBwiIt3YEMFCMujB3FYeHk6vi}, 44602: {instructions: Toss 2 cups cubed winter squash and 1 pint cherry tomatoes with olive oil and salt on a baking sheet roast at 425 degrees F until tender, 25 minutes. Meanwhile, combine 1 cup farro or barley in a saucepan with 12 teaspoon salt, a pinch of red pepper flakes, a bay leaf and enough water to cover by 1 inch. Bring to a simmer over high heat, then reduce the heat to medium low and cook, uncovered, until al dente, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain the farro remove the bay leaf and toss with the squash, tomatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil and 3 tablespoons each chopped parsley and grated pecorino. Season with salt and pepper.nServes: 4 side Calories: 293 Total Fat: 9 grams Saturated Fat: 2 grams Protein: 9 grams Total carbohydrates: 47 grams Sugar: 4 grams Fiber: 10 grams Cholesterol: 6 milligrams Sodium: 689 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Warm Farro Salad, picturelink: dYH6QXqwD34dskSXMpII1AGzc3VvDu}, 44603: {instructions: Place a large pot of water on the stove to boil. When water is rolling, add salt and pasta and cook to al dente, about 8 minutes, reserving 14 cup pasta water. While pasta cooks, heat large skillet over moderate heat. Saute pancetta in a drizzle of oil until it browns, 3 to 5 minutes. Add extravirgin olive oil, garlic, and crushed pepper flake. Saute garlic 2 minutes. Add wine or stock to the pan and reduce liquid by half, 2 minutes.nBeat together egg yolks, cheese, and while whisking vigorously, stir in a ladle of the boiling pasta water. Beat in parsley and pepper and set aside.nDrain pasta. Add pasta to pan with sauce. Toss pasta with pancetta, then add egg mixture and toss 1 minute, then remove from heat. Continue to toss until sauce is absorbed by and thickly coating the pasta. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper and serve with extra cheese, for passing., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound rigatoni, 13 pound pancetta, cured Italian meat, available at deli counter, chopped, Drizzle extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan, 4 or 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, a few pinches, crushed in palm of hand, 12 cup dry white wine or chicken stock, 2 large egg yolks, 3 tablespoons about 2 palmfuls grated Parmigiano Reggiano, plus more, for sprinkling, A handful fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, A few grinds black pepper], title: Bacon and Egg Coal Miners Pasta: Rigatoni alla Carbonara, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 44604: {instructions: Combine the peas, beans, corn, and pimentos in a colander and drain. Transfer to a mediumsized mixing bowl. Add the green peppers, onions, garlic salt, and dressing. Stir to incorporate the ingredients, cover, and marinate in the refrigerator for 24 hours. Drain the vegetable caviar before serving it as a side dish to your favorite barbecued meat., ingredients: [1 15ounce can blackeyed peas, 1 15ounce can black beans, 1 8 12ounce can whole kernel corn, 1 2ounce jar diced pimentos, 12 cup green peppers, diced, 14 cup yellow onion, diced, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 2 cups Italian salad dressing], title: Brushy Mountain Caviar, picturelink: null}, 44605: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a stock pot on mediumhigh heat, add olive oil and sear bison until brown, about 5 minutes on each side. Pour in 2 cups water and cover with a lid. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the bison is cooked and tender, about 1 hour. Cover the bottom of large baking dish with aluminum foil. Add the tomatoes and garlic and put it in the oven to bake for 35 minutes.nRemove the baking dish from the oven and let cool. After it cools, add the tomatoes and garlic to a blender and blend until smooth. Pour the tomato mixture into the stock pot. Add the coconut milk, beef stock, salt, black pepper and cayenne pepper and let simmer over medium heat for 5 minutes. Transfer the stew to a large serving bowl or individual bowls and serve hot.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound bison, cut into medallions, 2 cups water, 12 Roma tomatoes, cored, 12 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 34 cups coconut milk, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 12 cups beef stock], title: Roasted Roma Tomato and Bison Stew, picturelink: null}, 44606: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place sesame seeds in a frying pan over medium heat and toast for 3 to 5 minutes or until seeds are golden brown. In a small bowl, combine honey and apricot preserves. Stir to combine. Brush honey mixture on both sides of chicken strips, dredge in bread crumbs and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Line coated chicken on a baking sheet coated with nonstick cooking spray. Bake 20 minutes on each side until slightly browned., ingredients: [2 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts cut into small strips, 2 12 cups panko bread crumbs, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons apricot preserves or jam, 4 tablespoons raw sesame seeds], title: Tobys Honey Chicken, picturelink: fMk5761Culf4KHnHFNv3Z4QuqJsEQUi}, 44607: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large 4 to 6quart saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and bell pepper along with a generous pinch of salt. Sweat for 5 minutes or until the onions are soft. Add the garlic and mushrooms and continue to cook for another 4 minutes.nAdd the broth, peas, rice, coriander and cumin. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. Decrease heat to low, cover and cook at a simmer for 1 hour or until the rice and peas are tender.nRemove from the heat and gently pour the mixture into the bowl of a food processor and process until just combined. Do not puree. Pour this mixture into a bowl and stir in the 34 cup of bread crumbs. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground pepper. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nShape the mixture into patties and dredge on each side in the remaining 14 cup of bread crumbs. Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add 2 burgers at a time and saute until brown on each side, approximately 3 to 4 minutes per side. To grill, cook on high for 3 to 4 minutes per side as well. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 1 to 2 additional tablespoons for sauteing, 12 cup chopped onion, 12 cup chopped bell pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 4 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 3 cups vegetable broth, 1 cup dry split peas, picked and rinsed, 12 cup dry brown rice, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 34 cup plain dry bread crumbs, plus 14 cup for coating], title: Split Pea Burgers, picturelink: null}, 44608: {instructions: 1. Combine undrained tomatoes and broth in medium saucepan. Stir in beans and corn bring to boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer 5 minutes, stirring frequently.n2. Add chicken heat through. Serve topped with tortilla strips and cheese, if desired., ingredients: [2 cans 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Original Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, undrained, 2 cans 14 oz each reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 can 16 oz each Rosaritau00ae No Fat Traditional Refried Beans, 12 cup frozen whole kernel corn, 2 cups shredded cooked chicken, Fried corn tortilla strips or chips, optional, Shredded Monterey Jack cheese, optional], title: Creamy Chicken Tortilla Soup, picturelink: A9JrJmCnML6UDucKOD75jBd5ouggMUq}, 44609: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Butter and flour a 9inch springform pan and set it aside.nBreak up the almond paste and place it in the container of a food processor. Process for a few seconds until it is grainy, like the texture of cracked wheat. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar together until very fluffy, at least 3 minutes. Add the almond paste, orange liqueur, and orange zest. Beat until perfectly blended, another 2 minutes or so.nOne by one beat in the eggs until the mixture is very smooth and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle on the flour and baking powder and beat just until combined, 30 seconds or so.nScrape the batter into the prepared pan. Bake 55 minutes, or until a knife inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, and the sides of the cake have begun to shrink away from the pan. Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes. The cake might sink a little in the center.nRemove the outer ring of the pan. Place a plate over the cake and invert it. Remove the bottom of the pan. Invert again onto a wire rack and cool the cake completely. Serve dusted with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [7 to 8 ounces almond paste, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, very soft, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur such as Grand Marnier or triple sec, Grated zest 1 orange, or 12 teaspoon orange extract, 5 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Confectioners sugar for dusting], title: Orange Almond Cake, picturelink: null}, 44610: {instructions: Set a wok over a high heat, and add 4 tablespoons groundnut oil. Fry the eggplant slices with just a splash of water, being careful of the splatter, until softened and golden on the outside. Transfer to a plate, and set aside.nWipe down the wok, reheat, and add the remaining 2 tablespoons groundnut oil. Stirfry the garlic, ginger, and chile for a few seconds, and then add the ground pork. Stirfry for 1 minute, and then pour in the rice wine or sherry. Cook until the meat has browned, and then add the chile bean sauce, and stock. Return the eggplant slices to the wok, along with the pak choy.nSeason the dish with the vinegar, and sesame oil, and bring everything to a boil. Stir in the chopped spring onions. Add the blended cornstarch slurry, and stir to thicken the sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons groundnut peanut or vegetable oil, 1 eggplant, halved lengthwise, and cut into long 12inch thick slices, Water, as needed, 2 cloves garlic, crushed and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 1 medium red chile, finely chopped, 7 ounces ground pork, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 2 tablespoons chile bean sauce, see Cooks Note, 7 ounces chicken stock, hot, 2 pak choy or 12 head Chinese cabbage, halved and sliced lengthwise, 1 tablespoon clear rice vinegar or cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 spring onions, chopped, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, blended with 2 tablespoons cold water], title: Fragrant Pork, picturelink: null}, 44611: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a small bowl, combine the pecans and flour. In a small saucepan, combine the butter, sugar, and corn syrup. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat and stir the dry ingredients into a pan. Transfer the batter to a bowl and stir occasionally until it thickens into a dough and is cool enough to handle, about 25 minutes.nWith moistened hands, roll the dough into various size balls, depending on whether youre making cookies, cups or coronets see below. Place on ungreased baking sheets, 3 to 7 inches apart, depending on sizethey spread quite a bit. Bake about 12 minutes, or until the active bubbling subsides. Place the baking sheet on rack and let cool until the cookies are firm enough to lift with a flexible metal spatula but are still malleable, 3 to 5 minutes. Working quickly, mold each into shape and set on a wire rack to cool completely. If the cookies get too cool and brittle to mold, put the try back in the oven for a minute to soften.nTo make 9 dessert bowls: With moistened hands, mold each ball using a rounded tablespoon of dough. Place only 2 balls on the ungreased baking sheet. Have 2 small soup bowls measuring 4 12 to 5inches across the top ready by the oven. Follow the baking instruction above. When set but still malleable, lift the cookies, one at a time, and place each in a bowl, nutty, bumpy side up. Gently press the bottom to flatten. The sides will ruffle prettily. Wipe the excess butter off the baking sheet and continue with the remaining dough. If you have more than 1 baking sheet, stagger the baking so that you can mold 1 tray while the other is in the oven.nFill with butterscotch ice cream, pumpkin mousse, bananas and cream, or anything that strikes your fancy and goes well with pecans.nTo make 9 ice cream cones: Follow the baking instructions above for dessert bowls, but when you lift a cookie off the baking sheet, roll it into a cone with the nutty, bumpy side facing out, and hold it for a few seconds to set. Lay it on the cooling rack, seam side down, and place a cylindrical object, such as a pill bottle, in the opening to set until you roll the next cookie.nFill with scoops of any flavor ice cream or sorbet that complements pecans.nTo make 18 coronets: With moistened hands, mold rounded teaspoons of the dough into balls. Place about 9 balls on an ungreased baking sheet. Follow the baking instructions for icecream cones youre making a smaller version of the same. Repeat with a second tray.nFill with mousse, ice cream, or berries and cream. Place a little dab of cream on the plate to anchor the coronets, and place 1 or 2 coronets on each plate with fruit sauce or hot fudge spilling out of the opening.nTo make 24 cookies: With moistened hands, mold level teaspoons of dough into balls. Place about 12 balls on an ungreased baking sheet. Follow the instructions above. When the cookies are set but still flexible, transfer to a cooling rack. Repeat with a second tray.nTo make 24 cigarettes: Follow the baking instructions for cookies, but when you lift a cookie off the baking sheet, roll it around a chopstick or the handle of a wooden spoon. Lay it on the cooling rack, seam side down. If the cookies get too brittle to mold, put the baking sheet back in the oven for a minute to soften them. To dip the ends in melted chocolate, immerse 1 end of a cookie, then the other, shake off the excess chocolate, and dip the end into a small bowl of grated chocolate.nLay it on a sheet pan lined with parchment or waxed paper. When all the cookies are dipped, place the tray in the refrigerator for 5 to 10 minutes, just until the chocolate sets., ingredients: [12 cup plus 2 tablespoons finely chopped pecans, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 ounces 12 stick unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup], title: Pecan Praline Lace Cookies, Cups, and Coronets, picturelink: null}, 44612: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine the apple cider, brown sugar, honey, cinnamon, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for about 25 minutes or so, or until mixture is syrupy and reduced to about 2 23 cups.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the apples, cut side down, in a 12inch baking pan. Distribute the raisins, apricots, cloves, star anise, and cinnamon sticks, if using, over the apples. Pour the hot syrup over the apples. Cover the pan with aluminum foil.nBake 25 to 30 minutes, or until the apples are almost tender when pierced with the tip of a sharp knife. Remove from the oven, turn the apples over, add the brandy. Baste apples with the apple cider and apple brandy many times, allowing the apples to absorb the flavor. Let the pan stand, covered, for 15 minutes. Serve baked apples with the liquid and dried fruits spooned over them in a bowl. Served with whipped heavy cream or ice cream and a sprinkle of powdered sugar., ingredients: [3 12 cups apple cider, 12 cup packed brown sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 13 cup honey preferably 100 percent raw honey from a small producer, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly ground pepper, 6 unpeeled Braeburn, Golden Delicious or McIntosh apples, halved and cored with a melon baller, 12 cup golden raisins or currants, 12 cup dried apricots, julienned, 6 whole cloves, 2 or 3 star anise pods, 2 to 3 cinnamon sticks, optional, 14 cup apple brandy], title: Honey Baked Apples with Raisins and Cinnamon, picturelink: null}, 44613: {instructions: Fill a saucepan with enough salted water to cover the potatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and continue to cook uncovered until they are soft, about 30 minutes.nDrain the potatoes from the pot and pass them through a ricer, onto a clean cutting board. Prepare a large stockpot with about 6 quarts of salted water and bring to a boil. Fill a bowl with ice water and keep in close proximity to the stockpot.nForm a well in the middle of the potatoes and scatter with the flour. Add the egg to the middle of the well and mix with a fork. As you are mixing, add the cheese, chives, basil, cilantro, salt and pepper. Work the mixture until it reaches a smooth consistency. Knead the dough until it is dry enough so that it does not stick to the cutting board. Be careful not to overwork the dough.nPlace the dough into a pastry bag with a 12inch tip and press out bitesized pieces. Place the pieces on a tray lined with parchment paper, making sure that they do not stick together. Return to the stockpot and in small batches, drop the gnocchi into the boiling water. When the gnocchi float to the top, transfer them to the bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Remove the gnocchi from the ice water and place them into a clean pan. Drizzle with the olive oil to prevent the gnocchi from drying out.nWhen ready, heat a large saute pan over high heat. Add the oil and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. When the oil shimmers, add about 20 of the gnocchi and quickly sear, about 2 minutes on each side. Remove the gnocchi using a spatula and allow them to drain on a paper towel.nPlating: Portion out the gnocchi and place them in the center of the plate. Place the mushroom ragout on top of the gnocchi and sprinkle with the tomatoes and the lemon zest. Drizzle the Asian pesto around the outside of the plate.nHeat a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. Add the garlic and shallots and saute, stirring until soft, about 5 minutes. Add all the mushrooms and saute until soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the wine, stir, and cook until the wine is reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the stock, demiglace, dark soy sauce, and thyme, and simmer until reduced by half, about 25 to 30 minutes. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and correct the seasonings. Set aside.nIn a food processor, combine the hazelnuts, garlic, cilantro, mint, Thai basil, olive oil lemon juice, salt and pepper. Puree for about 2 minutes or until all the ingredients are incorporated.nIn a saucepan, heat the stock and whisk in the pesto. Check for seasoning. Meanwhile, lay out 12 wonton skins and place a small mound of the ragout in the center. Top with basil or cilantro leaf. Egg wash the perimeter of each wonton and top with second skin. Press down hard on all sides to seal. In a large pot of boiling, salted water, blanch the raviolis for only 3 to 4 minutes until the skins become translucent.nPlating: In 4 large soup plates, place a small mound of spinach with the tomatoes and season with salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Place 3 raviolis on top and ladle in the hot broth. Serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [3 pounds russet potatoes peeled and cut into quarters, 2 cups flour, 1 egg, 13 cup Parmesan, 13 cup chopped chives, 13 cup chopped basil, 13 cup chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, plus more, to cook, Mushroom Ragout, recipe follows, 2 tomatoes, cut into small dice, Lemon zest, Asian Hazelnut Pesto, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 4 large shallots, thinly sliced, 1 cup chanterelle, hedgehog, or lobster mushrooms, 1 cup small fresh shiitake caps, 1 cup quartered button or cremini mushrooms, 1 cup Chinese dried black mushrooms, soaked in a bowl of warm water to soften, about 20 minutes, stemmed and quartered, Salt and pepper, 12 cup dry red wine, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 cup veal demiglace, or 12 cup chicken stock mixed with 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, or 12 tablespoon dried, 1 cup hazelnuts, 4 cloves chopped garlic, 1 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 cup roughly chopped mint leaves, 1 cup roughly chopped Thai basil leaves, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 lemons, juiced, Salt and pepper, 6 cups chicken stock, 12 cup leftover pesto, 1 package thin square wontons, 1 12 cups cold mushroom ragout, roughly chopped, 12 cilantro or small basil leaves, Egg wash, 2 cups chiffonade spinach,18th inch thick slices, 2 tomatoes, cut small dice, Salt and pepper, 2 lemons, juiced], title: Gnocchi with Asian Hazelnut Pesto and Wild Mushroom Ragout Leftovers: Pesto Soup with Mushroom Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 44614: {instructions: Put 12 halved baby red potatoes in a saucepan and cover with salted water. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook until forktender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain, then rinse under cold water. Trim the bottoms of the potatoes and stand cutside up on a platter season with sea salt. Top with creme fraeche and chopped chives, dill andor parsley.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Potato Bites, picturelink: g31M0o7mmgvovIS0IYyh.8vUOBRu}, 44615: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Prepare an ice bath. Add favas to boiling water and blanch 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon transfer to ice bath to stop cooking. Drain. Peel and discard tough skins set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine shallots, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Slowly whisk in olive oil until emulsified.nArrange lettuce and watercress on a platter. Top with fava beans. Drizzle with vinaigrette and sprinkle with cheese., ingredients: [4 pounds whole fava beans, shelled, 2 shallots, peeled and minced, 1 lemon, juiced, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces baby lettuce, washed and spun dry, 2 ounces watercress, stems removed, washed and spun dry, 34 pound Pecorino Toscano cheese, cut into 12inch pieces], title: Fava Bean and Pecorino Salad, picturelink: null}, 44616: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over a medium heat. Add the onions, peppers, and salt and saute for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.nCut the bread into quarters crosswise and cut each quarter in half, being careful not to cut all the way through, so the 2 haves stay connected. Scoop the soft center out of the bread.nPut the bread, openfaced, on a baking sheet. Place 1 meatball and some sauce on 1 side of each piece of bread. Top with some of the pepper mixture. Moisten the other side of each sandwich with a little sauce and sprinkle with the cheese. Broil until the cheese is melted, about 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small onion, sliced, 12 green pepper, sliced, 12 red pepper, sliced, 12 yellow pepper, sliced, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 ounce loaf Italian bread preferably wholegrain, 8 meatballs and 1 cup sauce from Turkey Meatball and Spicy Tomato Sauce recipe, 12 cup grated partskim mozzarella cheese], title: Meatball Heros with TriColored Peppers, picturelink: 3dDEvrDa3luAF15y0wEABYeEvxkkCA6}, 44617: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the grapeseed oil, parsley, vinegar, jalapenos, chile flakes, garlic, lime juice and 2 teaspoons each salt and pepper. Set aside 12 cup of the chimichurri sauce for marinating the steak reserve the remaining sauce for serving.nTenderize the skirt steak by pounding it lightly. Sprinkle the steak with kosher salt and black pepper, keeping in mind that there is salt and pepper in the marinade. Transfer to a bowl or dish and add the 12 cup chimichurri sauce. Marinate, refrigerated, at least 10 hours or overnight.nWhen ready to cook the steak, heat a grill or saute pan to medium heat. Remove the steak from the marinade discard the marinade. Grill the steak to mediumrare, 4 to 5 minutes per side, or cook to desired temperature or doneness. Let the steak rest for 5 minutes before slicing in thin strips on the bias.nPut some steak slices on each plate and spoon over the reserved chimichurri. Serve with roasted carrots and roasted yucca or your favorite vegetable and starch. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 12 cups grapeseed oil, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons diced seeded jalapenos, 1 teaspoon red chile flakes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Juice of 2 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 pounds skirt steak, Roasted carrots and yucca, for serving, optional], title: Chimichurri Steak, picturelink: null}, 44618: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter two 9by5inch loaf pans. Line with parchment paper, butter the parchment and set aside.nBeat butter and the sugars in a stand mixer with paddle attachment and mix on medium speed until fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating between each addition. Add oil and vanilla and stir to combine.nWhisk together flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Mix half the dry ingredients into butter mixture and stir together. Stir in remaining dry ingredients with a spatula, along with cranberries, pear, walnuts and sesame seeds stir until batter is evenly moistened.nDivide batter between the prepared pans. Bake until bread springs back when lightly touched, and a toothpick inserted into center comes out dry, with some crumbs, about 50 minutes. Cool on a rack at least 15 minutes or until completely cool. Remove from pans slice each loaf into 10 pieces and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 ounces unsalted butter at room temperature, plus extra for the pan, 1 cup lightly packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup unbleached sugar, 3 large eggs, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 cups white wholewheat flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 8 ounces raw cranberries, 1 firm ripe pear, cored and grated, 34 cup chopped walnuts about 3 ounces, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds], title: WholeGrain Pear Cranberry Walnut Bread, picturelink: 7LhqfygJxoOWaIyETo5VWTZMTGWPlz2}, 44619: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: heartshaped cookie cutters in assorted sizesnSpray a 13by9inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray.nPulse the freezedried strawberries in the bowl of a food processor until very coarsely chopped. If you dont have a food processor, you can do this with a rolling pin using a ziptop bag.nMelt the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Quickly stir in the marshmallows and cook until completely melted. Add the chopped strawberries, combine with the mixture and remove from the heat. Stir in the cereal until wellcoated and combined. Spray a rubber spatula or wooden spoon with nonstick cooking spray and press the mixture evenly into the prepared pan. Let cool until set.nWith the assorted heart cookie cutters, cut out different heart shapes., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking pan and spatula, One 1.2ounce bag freezedried strawberries, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, One 10ounce bag marshmallows, 6 cups puffed rice cereal], title: Pink Puffed Rice Cereal Hearts, picturelink: Yb0ZnzDRSSra4vevByAXeWJOQmJfMm}, 44620: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Prepare a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Heat the butter in a large skillet over medium heat until melted. Add the apples, sugar, cinnamon and lemon juice. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the apples are soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the filling cool, about 15 minutes. Cut the Whole Wheat Pie Crust into 8 equal pieces. On a lightly floured surface, roll each piece into a 5inch round. Spoon 2 tablespoons filling slightly off center of each round. Fold each round over the filling to make a halfmoon shape. Seal by pressing the edges with the tines of a fork. Prick or slice the top of each pie 2 or 3 times to vent. Bake until golden, about 20 minutes. A little of the filling may bubble out. Cool on the baking sheet on a rack, about 5 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature and garnish with mint if desired.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk the flour, sugar, flaxseed meal, cinnamon, baking powder and salt. Place the mixture into a food processor and add the butter and lemon zest. Pulse until the butter and lemon zest begin to make the mixture crumbly. Drizzle in the water while you pulse the dough until it starts to pull away from the side of the bowl. Divide the dough in half and shape each half into a disk. On a floured surface, roll each disk out until about 1inch thick. Wrap the disks in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour. When ready to use the dough, remove 1 disk from the fridge and let stand for 10 minutes. Reserve the other disk for another use. Cooks Note: To add more flavor and richness to this dough, you can grind up pecans or walnuts to a fine texture and sprinkle about 1 tablespoon over the center your dough as you are rolling it out. This will add a nice nutty and buttery flavor to the whole wheat crust., ingredients: [1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 3 McIntosh apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 Whole Wheat Pie Crust, recipe follows, Flour, for dusting, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish, optional, 1 12 cups whole wheat pastry flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon flaxseed meal, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, Zest of 1 lemon, 6 tablespoons ice water], title: NoFry Apple Pies, picturelink: A7GoQHItgm1fhyl2LvKruzxsewzaG}, 44621: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter with minced cilantro. Roll out bread between two pieces of waxed paper until very thin. Brush bread lightly on both sides with melted butter mixture.nIn a bowl combine cheese, cumin, peppers, and scallions. Place some of the filling, about 1 heaping teaspoon, in the center of each slice. Fold making a triangle shape, trim edges. Press the edges with your fingers to tightly seal. Brush tops and bottoms with melted cilantro butter and crimp edges with fork At this point, the turnovers can be placed in a zippered plastic freezer bag and frozen for future use. Place on parchment lined baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes 20 to 25 minutes if taken out of the freezer or until golden brown. Serve warm with salsa dipping sauce., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons finely minced cilantro, 16 slices fresh homemade type white bread, crusts removed, 1 cup monterey jack, shredded, 14 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted, 1 tablespoon minced pickled jalapenos, 1 scallions, minced], title: Monterey Jack and Jalapeno Turnovers, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 44622: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13inch pan.nCombine the flour, oats, brown sugar, baking soda, salt, and softened butter in the bowl of a mixer. Mix on low until crumbly. Divide the mixture into 2 equal portions.nPress half the crumb mixture in the prepared pan. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove and cool slightly.nSprinkle the chocolate chips, and chopped pecans over the cooled crust. Mix the salted caramel sauce, and flour together, and drizzle over the chocolate chips, and nuts. Top with the remaining crumb mixture.nReturn to the oven and bake for an additional 15 to 20 minutes or until the crust starts to brown. Allow the pan to cool, and refrigerate it until the caramel filling is set.nCut into bars and serve.nSalted Caramel Sauce: In a heavybottomed saucepan, combine the sugar and water over mediumlow heat until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat and bring to a boil, without stirring. If necessary, use a wet pastry brush to wash down any crystals on the side of the pan. Boil until the syrup is a deep amber color, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the sugar from the heat and carefully whisk in the heavy cream. The mixture will bubble. Stir in the unsalted butter, and salt. Transfer the caramel to a dish and cool. Cooks Note: This recipe will last in the refrigerator up to 2 weeks. Reheat before serving.nSalted Caramel Variations:nSalted Caramel Dip with Harvest Apples: Package the sauce with seasonal apples for making caramel apples or simply dip the apple slices into the caramel sauce.nCarmelitas: Attach a recipe for a classic carmelitas recipe to the jarred caramel sauce suggesting using the sauce in the recipe. Salted Caramel Milkshake: Add the salted caramel sauce to basic vanilla milkshake recipe, recipe follows.nSalted Caramel Milkshake: Combine the ice cream, milk, and caramel sauce in a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 1 34 cups quickcooking oats, 1 14 cups brown sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup chocolate chips, 34 cup chopped pecans, 1 12 cups Salted Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, 2 12 tablespoons flour, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 34 cup heavy cream, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon gray sea salt, crushed or kosher salt, 1 pint vanilla bean ice cream, 12 cup whole milk, 14 cup salted caramel sauce], title: Carmelitas, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 44623: {instructions: Simmer the haddock in 4 cups salted water for 10 to 15 minutes, but dont over cook. Drain the fish, saving the cooking water. Remove the skin and bones, and flake the fish, keep hot.nFry the onion gently in the butter with the garam masala and tumeric until softened.nCook the rice in the haddock water until tender, then drain and allow to dry out a little. Add the spiced fried onion to the rice and fold in the flaked fish and the roughly chopped eggs. Pour in the cream and add the quartered eggs. Season with salt, pepper and parsley., ingredients: [1 pound smoked haddock, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 4 ounces butter, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon tumeric, 12 ounces basmati rice, 4 hard boiled eggs, 2 roughly chopped, 2 quartered, 12 pint heavy cream, warmed optional, Salt, Black pepper, freshly ground, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley], title: Kedgeree, picturelink: null}, 44624: {instructions: Make a shot of espresso coffee and pour it into a 6ounce cup. Add boiling water into the cup until the coffee reaches the top. Have steamed milk on the side to add, along with a sugar cube., ingredients: [1 shot espresso coffee, Boiling water, Steamed milk, Raw sugar cube], title: Cafe Americano, picturelink: usKhfidByi1EKt5b.2ekxGz6Jbtufe}, 44625: {instructions: Put the water in a large saucepan. Add 34 of the scallions, reserving the rest. Add the mushrooms, ginger and carrot. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, cover, and turn the heat down to mediumlow. Simmer until the vegetables are soft, about 30 minutes.nStrain the broth through a fine sieve. Remove the mushrooms from the sieve and reserve. Discard the remaining vegetables. Return the broth to the saucepan over low heat. Thinly slice the mushrooms and add them to the broth along with the remaining scallions. Stir in the miso thoroughly, never allowing the mixture to boil. Stir in the tofu. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 cups water, 6 scallions, including greens, chopped, 6 dried shiitake mushrooms, 6 waferthin slices peeled fresh ginger, 1 large carrot, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons yellow or red miso, 12 cup cubed firm tofu], title: Mild Miso Soup, picturelink: null}, 44626: {instructions: 1. Set the oven rack on the lowest level and preheat the broiler to high. Line the bottom of a broiler pan with foil and brush with oil.n2. Combine the parsley, walnuts, pecorino, 14 cup olive oil, lemon zest, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a food processor. Add 1 tablespoon water and process until smooth and creamy, about 30 seconds. Makes about 1 cup.n3. Pat the chicken dry and carefully loosen the skin to form a pocket under the skin. Lift the skin, and use a spoon or fingers to stuff about 14 cup pesto deep into the pockets of each of the halves, cover as much of the meat as possible without breaking the skin. Season each side of the chicken with salt and pepper. Place the chicken skinside down on the pan and broil until lightly browned, about 15 minutes. Carefully turn to keep the skin intact and cook the other side until crispy and dark brown, about 10 minutes. Garnish with lemon and serve with potatoes.nTotal Fat: 51 gramsnSaturated Fat: 12 gramsnTotal Carbohydrates: 3 gramsnProtein: 37 gramsnSodium: 724 milligramsnCholesterol: 185 milligramsnFiber: 1 gramnRecipe courtesy of Food Network Kitchens for entwine.nCopyright 2010 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [1 cup packed flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 cup walnuts, 12 cup grated Pecorino cheese, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for pan, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 small clove garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 Cornish hens, halved or 4 whole chicken legs, Lemons, for serving, Potatoes, for serving], title: Walnut Pesto Broiled Cornish Hens, picturelink: null}, 44627: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 24 count regularsize cupcake pan with cupcake liners. In a heavyduty mixing bowl, cream together the butter and shortening on medium speed. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, until completely combined. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the superfine sugar with the mixer set to low speed. Once combined, set the mixer to medium speed and mix for 5 minutes. Sift together the cake flour, cinnamon, salt, and baking powder. Begin to add the sifted dry ingredients to the batter, alternating with the warm milk. In a separate bowl, blend the plantain with a hand mixer. Add the vanilla and the blended plantain to the batter. Fill the cupcake liners almost to the top. Bake until the cake bounces back when you touch it, about 25 minutes. Remove from the pan and place onto a tray to cool. Using a pastry bag and piping tip, frost the cupcakes with the Avocado Buttercream and top with 1 plantain chip.nIn a heavyduty mixing bowl, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Add 3 cups powdered sugar. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. In a food processor, blend the avocados until smooth and add into the buttercream. Then add the remaining 4 cups powdered sugar.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Thinly slice the plantain, place on a baking sheet, and sprinkle with sugar. Bake until the chips have browned completely, about 7 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups superfine sugar, 2 34 cups cake flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 cup warm milk, 1 very ripe plantain mostly black, 12 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup shortening, 4 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, Avocado Buttercream, recipe follows, Plantain Chips, recipe follows, 1 cup unsalted butter, 7 cups powdered sugar, divided, 2 ripe avocados, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 plantain, Sugar, as needed], title: Plantain Cake with Avocado Buttercream, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 44628: {instructions: Bring water to a boil. Preheat grill to high heat.nToss zucchini and squash in 1 ounce achiote oil and season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Drop broccolini in boiling water for 2 minutes or until slightly wilted while preserving color.nPlace seasoned zucchini and squash on hot grill. Cook for 2 minutes on each side. Set aside.nHeat a saute pan over low heat. Add pine nuts and toast lightly. Set aside. Add remaining 2 ounces achiote oil to the heated saute pan. Add the blanched broccolini and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Increase to mediumhigh heat. Add sliced garlic and continue to cook until slightly toasted, about 1 minute. Add grilled zucchini, summer squash and halved cherry tomatoes. Add butter and toss lightly until butter melts. Plate and drizzle with aged balsamic vinegar, garnishing with toasted pine nuts., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 2 medium sized zucchini, bias cut, 2 medium sized summer squash, bias cut, 3 ounces achiote oil olive oil with 14 teaspoon annatto seed, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces broccolini, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 4 cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 ounce aged balsamic vinegar, for garnish], title: Broccolini with Grilled Zucchini and Summer Squash, picturelink: eEPLxXbLzXL.VDiN9IIztOINUX0JCT6}, 44629: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter 8 to 10 4ounce souffle dishes with a pastry brush and dust lightly with sugar. Bring 34 cup milk to a boil in a medium saucepan. Meanwhile, whisk 3 tablespoons sugar, flour, cornstarch, and 14 cup milk in a medium bowl to combine. Slowly whisk in the hot milk, and return mixture to the saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat and add the egg yolks, 1 at a time, whisking thoroughly after each addition. Add the chestnut puree, brandy, and vanilla and 1 tablespoon butter stir well to combine. In a large bowl, whisk the egg whites until they form soft peaks. Add a pinch of salt and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar continue whisking until stiff peaks form. Whisk 13 of the whites into the chestnut mixture, then fold in remaining whites. Divide mixture between souffle dishes. Run your thumb along the inside edge of each dish to remove any spilled batter. Transfer to oven and bake for 10 to 12 minutes 8 minutes if using a convection oven. Remove from oven. Just before serving, poke a hole in the top of each souffle and pour in 2 tablespoons Brandy Custard Sauce. Serve immediately.nIn a heavybottomed medium saucepan, scald milk, cream, 6 tablespoons sugar, and vanilla bean over medium heat. Meanwhile, whisk together 6 tablespoons of sugar and egg yolks. Temper egg yolks by adding about 13 of the milk mixture to the yolks, whisking constantly. Combine the egg mixture with remaining milk in saucepan and continue whisking until thickened over low heat. The custard sauce is done when it coats the back of a spoon. Cool to room temperature, and add brandy. Yield: about 3 cups, ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus additional melted for souffle dishes, 5 tablespoons sugar, plus additional for dusting souffle dishes, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 4 large egg yolks, 34 cup unsweetened chestnut puree, 2 tablespoons brandy, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 5 large egg whites, Pinch salt, Brandy Custard Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 34 cup sugar, 1 12inch piece vanilla bean, split and scraped, 6 large egg yolks, 3 tablespoons brandy], title: Chestnut Souffle, picturelink: null}, 44630: {instructions: For the pesto: In a food processor, combine the walnuts, garlic, jalapeno, cheese, salt and pepper. Process until the mixture is smooth. Add the spinach and arugula and process until blended. With the machine running, gradually add the olive oil.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water. Place the cooked pasta and pesto in a large serving bowl. Toss well and thin out the sauce with a little pasta water, if needed.nSeason with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with Asiago cheese shavings and serve.nCooks Note: For a milder pesto, remove the seeds from the jalapeno pepper., ingredients: [1 cup chopped walnuts, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 2inch long red or green jalapeno pepper, stemmed and coarsely chopped see Cooks Note, 2 cups grated 4 ounces Asiago cheese, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces baby spinach, 3 ounces arugula, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound fusilli pasta, 4 ounces Asiago cheese, shaved], title: Fusilli with Spicy Pesto, picturelink: t06lGiQIcF.1Qn.WRaRQWJ8KB6SRrHy}, 44631: {instructions: Combine yogurt, coconut milk, ice cubes, pineapple, banana and grated ginger in a blender and blend until smooth and frothy. Serve in tall glasses and garnish with a large stem strawberry., ingredients: [3 cups vanilla flavored custard style, low fat or nonfat yogurt, 1 cup coconut milk, found on drink mix aisle of market, 14 ice cubes, 1 cup crushed pineapple, 1 ripe banana, peeled and cut into chunks, 1inch fresh ginger root, grated, 2 large stem strawberries, garnish], title: Luscious Lassi, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 44632: {instructions: Clean and wash the catfish, rinsing thoroughly. Using a sharp knife, partially fillet both sides of the catfish as follows: cut straight into the fillet until the bone stops the knife, then turn the knife in and cut along the bone for about 2 inches, leaving a loose flap of fillet. Make as many of these incisions as it takes to cover both sides of the fish. Season fish and set aside.nCombine dredging flour ingredients on a large plate and mix thoroughly. Set aside.nCombine sauce ingredients in a mixing bowl and whisk together to blend. Set aside.nUsing a turning slicer, cut the carrot and beet into long strands. Rinse out the beet. Strain and add to carrot and drizzle with sesame oil. Peel, seed and cut tomatoes into large dice and set aside.nSet fryer to 350 degrees. Dredge catfish in the flour. Shake off excess flour. Place catfish in a fryer basket, folding in the tail so that it curls away from the fish. Cook for about 12 minutes. To check doneness, lift one of the flaps cut in the fillet. If it comes clean off the bone, the fish is cooked. Allow fish to rest for a couple of minutes and transfer to a platter. Using a knife, cut through each flap and dislodge each from the carcass  thereby finishing the filleting process. Ladle sauce over the entire fish. Sprinkle diced tomatoes and scallions. Put a dollop of pickled ginger on the nose and garnish with beet and carrot noodles as well as toasted sesame seeds. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 2 12 to 3 12 pounds fresh whole catfish, Salt and pepper, 2 pounds rice flour, 1 pound allpurpose flour, 12 pound cornstarch, 4 tablespoons fivespice powder, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 12 cups soy sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon chilegarlic sauce, 13 cup lime juice, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon ground chile, 34 cup pickled ginger juice or seasoned rice vinegar, 1 medium carrot, peeled, 1 medium beet, peeled, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 large red tomato, 14 cup scallions, finely sliced, 1 tablespoon pickled ginger, 1 tablespoon toasted white and black sesame seeds], title: Holyfields New South Grill Cat Fish, picturelink: null}, 44633: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and half of the scallions and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and oregano and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Stir in 212 cups water, the orzo, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and stir in the beans. Cover and simmer until most of the liquid is absorbed and the orzo is tender, about 10 minutes.nAdd the bell pepper and continue cooking, covered, until tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in the tuna, lemon juice and parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Top with the remaining scallions.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 14ounce can nosaltadded diced tomatoes, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 12 cups orzo, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 small green bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 5ounce can solid white tuna packed in water, drained, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Skillet Orzo with Tuna, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 44634: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray.nArrange the prosciutto in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet and bake until crispy, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely before crumbling into small pieces.nIn a medium skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the spinach and nutmeg and cook until the spinach has wilted, about 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the heavy cream and bring the mixture to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the cheese. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFill a small saucepan with 3 inches of water. Add 1 tablespoon salt and the lemon juice. Bring the water to a simmer over medium heat. Crack an egg in a small bowl, taking care not to break the yolk. Slowly slide the egg into the water. Using a wooden spoon, carefully stir the water around the egg. Cook for 2 to 2 12 minutes until the white has set and the yolk is still soft. Using a slotted spoon, remove the egg from the water and drain on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining eggs.nTo serve, place a tomato slice on each salad plate and season with salt and pepper. Spoon 14 of the spinach sauce over the tomato slice. Top with a poached egg and sprinkle with the crumbled prosciutto. Serve warm.nCooks Note: The poached eggs can be made ahead of time if stored in water and refrigerated. Reheat by placing in simmering water for 30 seconds., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 4 thin slices prosciutto, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 5 cups 5 ounces baby spinach, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 34 cup heavy cream, 23 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 4 eggs, at room temperature, 2 beefsteak tomatoes, trimmed and cut into 1inch thick slices], title: Eggs Florentine, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 44635: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan, melt the bacon grease over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and stir to cook until the onions are very soft, about 5 minutes. Add the vinegar, crushed red pepper flakes, salt and pepper and stir add the spinach and toss it around, cooking until its just wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve immediately so the spinach is wilted but not soggy., ingredients: [1 tablespoon bacon grease, 12 yellow onion, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes for a little spice because Trisha likes it, Salt and ground black pepper, 12 ounces baby spinach], title: Sauteed Spinach with Bacon and Onions, picturelink: XLocMrHJ7lYM1JQ5JdsvYULoVnJaswO}, 44636: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine the water, oil and egg. Mix well. Add the salt and 3 cups of the flour. Mix until the dough comes together and form a smooth ball see Cooks Note. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to rest for 30 minutes. For the filling: Pass the potatoes through a hand ricer. In a bowl combine the potatoes, cheese and oil. Mix well. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and roll to a square, about 14 inches and 14inch thick. Cut the dough into3 inch squares. Place a spoonful of the filling in the center of each square. Wet the edges of the dough with a little water and fold the dough over to form triangle. Seal the edges completely. Bring a pot of salt water to a boil. Add the triangles and cook for about 4 to 5 minutes or until the triangles float for 1 minute. Remove and drain on paper towels. In a large skillet, melt half of the butter. Panfry the dumplings in batches. Cook until golden both sides, about 2 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. Season with salt. Serve warm with the sour cream and pickled red onions., ingredients: [2 cups water, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 to 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 pounds white potatoes, peeled, cooked until tender and cooled, 14 pound farmers cheese or cottage cheese, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup pickled red onions, 1 tablespoon chopped chives], title: Lillians Potato and Cheese Pirogies, picturelink: mK1yroNg.iU0IOyioess0Nc4YuEcOqC}, 44637: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the butter and cocoa to make cocoa butter.nLine a large sheet pan with parchment paper. Place 1 sheet of phyllo on the pan and brush with cocoa butter. Sprinkle evenly with 2 tablespoons of sugar, then place another sheet of phyllo on top. Brush with cocoa butter, sprinkle with sugar, lay another sheet of phyllo on top, brush with cocoa butter, and sprinkle with sugar. Cover the stack with parchment paper. Place another pan on top to weight it down. Then place another, empty sheet pan on the very top. This is to keep the phyllo from buckling during baking.nBake for 15 to 20 minutes, until the phyllo is dark brown. Its very difficult to tell, as its so chocolatey looking as it is. Remove the whole stack of sheet pans and let cool do not unstack the pans.nTo assemble the dessert, break the phyllo up into random pieces about 3inches square. Place a dab of mascarpone on each of 4 plates and press 1 phyllo piece down on it. Spoon on a heaping tablespoon of mascarpone in the center and surround it with raspberries. Place another phyllo piece on top and repeat, topping off with a final phyllo piece. Garnish with a mint sprig, a dusting of powdered sugar, and raspberry puree, if desired., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 3 sheets thawed phyllo dough, 6 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup mascarpone, 12 pint raspberries, Mint sprigs, Powdered sugar, Raspberry puree, optional], title: Chocolate Phyllo Napoleon, picturelink: null}, 44638: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the beef with the cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Add to the skillet and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side.nTransfer the meat to a 6quart slow cooker, then add the salsa, onion and garlic. Cover and cook on high, 6 hours.nRemove the meat to a cutting board and shred with 2 forks, discarding the excess fat. Return the meat to the slow cooker and stir in the cilantro.nServe the meat in tortillas and top as desired. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 3pound boneless beef chuck roast, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 16ounce jar salsa verde, 12 white onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 corn tortillas, warmed, Shredded lettuce and chopped tomatoes, avocado andor radishes, for topping, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Beef Tacos with Salsa Verde, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 44639: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cut the top out of the poblano peppers like you would a pumpkin, leaving the stems attached and set aside. Scrape out the seeds and fill the poblanos with chilled Cin Chili 14inch from the top. Place the top of the poblano back onto the pepper so it looks whole again. Lay the peppers in an 8 by 11inch baking dish, alternating the directions of the peppers so that they all fit. Bake in the oven for 30 minutes Note: If you want the skins to be blackened, you can turn your oven on broil for the last 5 minutes Remove poblano peppers from the oven and cover with the shredded cheese. Return the dish to the oven and bake for another 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and transfer to a serving dish.n14 teaspoon ground black peppernIn a large heavy bottom pot, heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground beef and cook until browned, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and drain off the excess grease. Add the tomato sauce and the beef broth and simmer for 1 hour. Add all of the ingredients from Batch one, stir and simmer for 35 more minutes. Add Batch two to the pot and cook for another 20 minutes, stirring often. Add Batch three and cook for 10 more minutes. Let cool and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator. Use in Cin Chili Stuffed Poblano Peppers, Cin Chili Puffs, and Cin Chili Con Queso. Yield: 6 servings Prep Time: 10 minutes Cook Time: 2 hours Inactive Prep Time: 1 12 hours Difficulty: easy, ingredients: [6 fresh poblano peppers, 1 pound Cin Chili recipe follows, chilled, 8 ounces shredded cheese recommended: Mexican style cheese, 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 14ounce can beef broth recommended: Swansons, 1 teaspoon beef bouillon granules, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce recommended: Hunts, 5 tablespoons red chili powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 12 teaspoon jalapeno powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 14 teaspoon brown sugar, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 12 teaspoon ground cumin], title: Cin Chili Stuffed Poblano Peppers, picturelink: null}, 44640: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet heat the oil over medium high heat. Season the chicken pieces with the salt and pepper and add to the skillet. Cook the chicken until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and red pepper. Add the asparagus and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the zest and 12 cup liquid and bring to a simmer. Cover and cook for 3 minutes. Serve immediately over hot rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 whole boneless and skinless chicken breast, cut into 12 inch slices, Salt and pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 red pepper, seeded and diced, 12 pound asparagus, trimmed and cut into 12 inch pieces, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 cup water, white wine or chicken stock, 3 cups cooked rice], title: Asparagus and Lemon Chicken with Rice, picturelink: null}, 44641: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the sugar and butter in the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle. Cream the mixture until pale and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, making sure to mix well before each addition. Add the orange zest and basil and blend on low speed, about 30 seconds.nCombine the flour, baking powder and salt in a separate bowl. Add the flour mixture to the standing mixer and beat until combined. Fold in the almonds.nTransfer the dough to a lightly floured surface. Divide the dough in half. Using floured hands, shape the dough into logs. Brush off the excess flour. Place the logs on the baking sheet, spaced 5 inches apart.nFlatten each log into a 2inchwide strip. Bake the logs, rotating the baking sheet halfway through, until browned and set, about 30 minutes. Transfer the logs to a cooling rack and cool, about 15 minutes.nReduce the oven to 300 degrees F.nTransfer the logs to a work surface. Cut each log diagonally into 13inchthick slices using a serrated knife. Arrange the slices, cutside down, on the baking sheet. Bake the slices, rotating the baking sheet halfway through, until crisp, about 20 minutes. Transfer the slices to the cooling racks and let cool.nThe biscotti can be made 3 days ahead and stored in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted], title: Orange and Basil Biscotti, picturelink: .qMwl8sr8jvJ46hbgfRW3z60qmgqq}, 44642: {instructions: Bone ducks and remove the skin. You can ask a butcher to do this, reserving the carcass for stock making and skin for rendering. Cut breasts in half, then into about 3 pieces across the width. Chop legs and thighs into about 4 pieces each. Remember: You want to start with generous pieces of meat, since they will shrink when cooked. Dont worry about cleaning the tendons, since they will soften with long cooking. Sprinkle meat with salt and pepper.nHeat rendered fat in a large, heavy bottomed Dutch oven over high heat. Brown duck on all sides, then transfer meat to a platter. Reduce heat to medium low and cook shallots until well browned, about 15 minutes. Add garlic and ginger, increase heat to medium high and cook about a minute, then add curry paste. Cook, stirring constantly, about 3 minutes. Return duck meat to pot along with brown duck stock and cook at a slow simmer, uncovered, until meat is tender, about 40 minutes.nWith a slotted spoon, transfer meat to a platter and reserve in a warm place. Puree sauce in a blender and strain back into pot. Cook over high heat until liquid is reduced by one third. Stir in fish sauce, coconut milk, sugar, and lime juice, and remove from heat. Stir duck back into warm sauce. Ladle stew over Jasmine Rice. Garnish with remaining ingredients and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 5 pound ducks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup rendered duck fat or vegetable oil, 16 medium shallots, thinly sliced, 8 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 14 cup Thai red curry paste, 5 cups brown duck stock or chicken stock, 14 cup fish sauce, 1 14ounce can coconut milk, 3 tablespoons palm sugar or brown sugar, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 bunches cilantro, chopped, stems trimmed, 2 limes, peeled and diced, 1 bunch scallions, white and 12 the green part, trimmed, thinly sliced along diagonal], title: Braised Duck with Red Curry, picturelink: null}, 44643: {instructions: HEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Spray an 8 x 8inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray.nBEAT butter until soft and creamy. Gradually add sugar, beating until mixture is light and fluffy. Add egg yolks, beating until well blended. Gradually add flour, mixing thoroughly. Fold in nuts.nSPREAD half of batter evenly into prepared pan. Spread with preserves. Top with remaining batter dropped by spoonfuls.nBAKE 50 to 60 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool. Cut into 2 x 1inch bars., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 cup butter, 1 cup sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 23 cup chopped walnuts or pecans, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Northwest Triple Berry Preserves], title: Buttery Triple Berry Bars, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 44644: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the vegetable oil. Sprinkle both sides of the chicken with some salt and pepper, the brown sugar, paprika and cayenne. Sear both sides of the chicken in the skillet until golden, about 4 minutes. Add in the wing sauce, bring to a simmer and finish off in the oven until the chicken registers 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Let cool, and then pull the meat with your hands. Adjust the seasoning if necessary and place back in the oven at BROIL until crusty and caramelized on top, about 4 minutes.nIn a bowl, the combine carrots, celery and tomatoes, and season with salt and pepper. Mix until combined.nCut the French loaf horizontally. Place an even layer of blue cheese crumbles on the bottom, then the chicken and then the veggies. Serve with a side of Homemade Ranch Dressing.nMix the mayonnaise, buttermilk, garlic, dill, honey, salt, mustard and pepper in a bowl. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 cup your favorite wing sauce, such as Franks RedHot, 2 medium carrots, diced, 2 celery ribs, diced, 2 tomatoes, seeded and diced, One 36inch fresh French loaf, 1 cup blue cheese crumbles, Homemade Ranch Dressing, recipe follows, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon fresh dill, minced, 12 teaspoon honey or agave syrup, 13 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Buffalo Chicken Sub, picturelink: sPSbSex5pYXntw40OHFqWt70QEzzPym}, 44645: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBurgers:nFor the queso sauce:nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Add the milk, increase the heat to high and cook, whisking constantly, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the cheese until melted add the Parmesan and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep warm.nFor the relish:nCombine all ingredients in a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the pickled red onions:nBring vinegar, water, sugar and salt to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Remove from the heat and let cool for 10 minutes. Put the onions in a medium bowl, pour the vinegar over, cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 48 hours before serving.nFor the burgers:nHeat a griddle or large saute pan over high heat. Add the oil and let it heat until it begins to shimmer.nShape the ground beef with your hands into 4 round patties about 1 12 inches thick and season each burger on both sides with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook the burgers until golden brown on both sides and cooked to medium, about 8 minutes.nPut the burgers on the buns and top each with a few tablespoons of the queso sauce, relish, onions and chips., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, 12 ounces Chihuahua or Monterey jack cheese, coarsely grated, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium poblano chile, roasted, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 Hatch chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 serrano chile, roasted, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups red wine vinegar, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 medium red onion, peeled, halved and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 12 pounds ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 hamburger buns, split and lightly toasted, 12 blue or yellow corn tortilla chips, coarsely crushed], title: Throwdowns Green Chile Cheeseburgers, picturelink: u7rKrbCSYXbo1mPGhIKOsfZxLBK7tW}, 44646: {instructions: Cut the chicken into frying pieces. In a shallow bowl beat the eggs and then stir in the milk, salt, and pepper. Soak the chicken in the milk mixture for 5 to 10 minutes. Roll the chicken in flour, being sure to completely cover each piece. Set aside to dry.nIn a large castiron skillet melt lard over medium heat. When the fat is very hot add the thighs and legs and cook for several minutes. Add the other pieces, being careful not to overcrowd the skillet. Continue cooking until the chicken is golden brown on 1 side about 5 minutes. Turn and brown on the other side. Reduce the heat to medium low. Cover the pan and cook for 15 minutes. Turn the pieces, cover, and continue to cook for 15 minutes longer. Uncover for the last 5 to 10 minutes so the crust will be crisp., ingredients: [1 2 to 2 12pound chicken, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 12 cups selfrising flour, 3 cups lard], title: Traditional Southern Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 44647: {instructions: For the burgers: Divide the shrimp in half. Coarsely chop one half and set aside. Place the remaining shrimp into the bowl of a food processor and pulse 5 times.nIn a large bowl, mix together the panko, eggs, hot sauce, garlic, seafood seasoning, and black pepper. Mix in the pureed shrimp, parsley, chives, jalapenos, and green onions. Add the coarsely chopped shrimp and stir to combine. To moisten the mix a bit more, add some olive oil. Form the mixture into 8 patties and place on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Chill for 20 minutes in the freezer or 2 hours in the fridge.nIn a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat, add the canola oil to generously cover the bottom of the pan. Once the oil is hot, fry 4 burgers at a time, 4 to 6 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and cover with foil. Repeat with the remaining 4 burgers.nFor the butter: In a small saucepan over low heat, combine the butter, lemon juice and zest, and capers. Cook until melted, about 2 minutes.nTo build the burgers, brush the buns with butter and lay the patties on the bottom of the hamburger bun. Top with bacon pieces and lettuce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 cups panko, 3 large eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives, 1 jalapeno, chopped, seeds optional, 14 cup chopped green onions, Olive oil, to moisten, Canola oil, for frying, 8 hamburger buns, toasted, 8 slices cooked good quality bacon, cut in half, Bibb lettuce leaves, for garnish, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 lemon, juiced and zested, 1 teaspoon capers], title: Surf and Turf Burgers, picturelink: null}, 44648: {instructions: For the dough, combine the dry ingredients in a mixing bowl and stir well to mix. Cut the butter into 8 to 10 pieces and add to the dry ingredients. Rub the butter in finely be careful that the mixture remains cool and powdery. Beat the eggs lightly and stir them into the dough with a fork. Continue stirring until the dough masses together. Remove the dough to a floured surface and knead lightly, until the dough is smooth. Form the dough into a rectangle about 1inch thick and wrap in plastic. Chill the dough until it is firm, about 1 hour.nButter a 10 x 15inch jelly roll pan. Roll the dough to a rectangle about 12 x 17 inches. Roll the dough onto the rolling pin, then unroll it into the pan. Press the dough well into the bottom and sides of the pan and fold the excess dough into the pan. Make a high fluted edge around the edge of the pan. Chill the doughlined pan while preparing the filling.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the corn syrup and sugar in a saucepan and mix well. Place on medium heat and stir occasionally, until the syrup comes to a boil. At the boil, add the butter and cream and return to a boil. Simmer the mixture for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and stir in the vanilla and rum.nPlace the chopped pecans in a heatproof mixing bowl. Pour the cooked syrup over the pecans and stir well to mix. Pour the filling on the dough in the pan and spread it evenly with a metal spatula.nBake the pastry on the lowest rack of the oven for about 30 minutes. Turn the pan occasionally to make sure that the dough and the filling bake evenly. Remove the pan from the oven and cool it on a rack to room temperature. Wrap the pan in plastic wrap and chill overnight.nTo unmold the pastry, run a small, sharp knife between the crust and the sides of the pan. Place the pan on low heat for a few seconds to loosen the pastry. Place a cookie sheet on the top and invert. Remove the pan in which the pastry baked and replace it with a cutting board. Invert, remove the cookie sheet and trim away the edges of the pastry.nCut the pastry into 1 12 inch diamonds., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 stick cold, unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, 23 cup light corn syrup, 1 14 cups light brown sugar, 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 4 cups chopped pecans], title: Caramel Pecan Diamonds, picturelink: null}, 44649: {instructions: In a large saucepan, bring 1 quart of water to a boil. Season water and stir in lentils. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook lentils for 2030 minutes or until just tender. The lentils should not be mushy. Drain off any remaining liquid.nBegin chopping the garlic clove and sprinkle with some salt. Using the flat side of the knife mash the garlic into a paste. In a medium bowl, whisk together the lemon juice and garlic paste. Whisk the olive oil into the lemon juice in a thin stream. Stir in the parsley, tomatoes, green pepper and basil. Gently mix in the drained lentils and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper, ingredients: [2 cups dried lentils, picked over for stones, 1 clove garlic, Juice of one lemon, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped parsley, 4 plum tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup diced green bell pepper, 1 teaspoon dried basil, Salt and pepper], title: Lentil Salad, picturelink: null}, 44650: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSprinkle the chicken chunks with 1 teaspoon kosher salt. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Quickly brown the chicken, in batches if necessary, and transfer it to a plate. Deglaze the pan with 14 cup of the chicken stock, after fond is deglazed, transfer the liquid to a small bowl and set aside.nGive the pan a quick rinse and towel dry. Put the pan back over mediumhigh heat and when the pan is hot, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil but not smoking add the onion, and 2 pinches of salt, saute until nearly translucent, about 5 to 7 minutes, Stir in the garlic and cook for another 5 minutes. Add the dry spices to oniongarlic mixture and saute for 2 minutes. Next add the remaining 1 34 cups chicken stock including stock from deglazing, and bring to a near boil but not bubbling. Turn the heat down to simmer, and whisk in the almond butter, tomato paste, sriracha sauce, salt to taste, and honey. Whisk the sauce until completely incorporated. Add chocolate pieces, and continue to whisk until melted. Gently simmer the sauce for 5 minutes on the stove, take the pan off the heat, and immerse the chicken into mole sauce. Cover the pan and put it into the oven for 10 minutes. Reduce the oven heat to 350 degrees F. Remove the cover from the pan and bake for 1 hour.nAs the mole bakes, spoon the mole sauce over the chicken if the chicken is exposed periodically, or give a gentle stir every once and a while if you see a skin forming. If the mole sauce seems to be reducing too much if it looks overly pasty, then add a splash of chicken stock to thin it out. Take the pan out of the oven, remove chicken from the pan to a covered dish to keep warm. The sauce should be thick if its not gravythick then reduce it for a few minutes on the stove top. If the sauce is overly thick then thin it out with a splash of chicken stock. Taste and add more kosher salt if you like. Stir in most of the cilantro reserve a few pinches for garnish, then add the chicken back to the sauce. Spoon the chicken mole into a serving dish and top with the diced tomato and remaining cilantro. Good accompaniments include a Spanishstyle rice, roasted potatoes, stewed Mexicanstyle black beans, roasted pumpkin, or squash.nCooks Notes:n I prefer bonein but can use boneless, bone in will make for moister, more flavorful chicken, if mediumsize then split and cut breast with or without bonein into 3rds, for large chicken breasts then cut into quarters.n Sriracha sauce is a spicy sauce from Vietnam with rooster on label, or you can substitute with fresh minced habanero pepper or good quality hot sauce to taste, if not using sriracha make sure you use substitute heat with caution, for example 1 teaspoon fresh habanero is far hotter than equal part sriracha but sriracha works best in this recipe. Its now available in most grocery stores., ingredients: [4 large or 6 medium skinless chicken breasts, cut into thirds or quarters, see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 2 tablespoons olive oil or good cooking spray for sauteing, 2 cups good quality lowsodium chicken stock, 1 medium red onion, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 cup almond butter almond puree, make sure well mixed, almond oil tends to separate from almond butter, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 teaspoon sriracha sauce, see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 ounces good quality unsweetened dark chocolate, chopped into small pieces, 13 cup cilantro, finely chopped, 1 small firm tomato, seeded and 14inch diced, for garnish], title: Pollo Con Mole De Jefe, picturelink: null}, 44651: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Toss the broccolini with 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper on a baking sheet add the lemon slices. Broil until the broccolini is tender and just starting to char, 5 to 6 minutes. Set aside and cover to keep warm.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon butter and the garlic in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook until browned and the liquid is evaporated, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.nPound the turkey to an even thickness using a heavy skillet, if needed. Mix the flour, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a shallow dish. Dredge the turkey in the flour. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the turkey and cook until browned and cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side transfer to a plate. Repeat with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and turkey transfer to the plate.nIncrease the heat to high. Add the wine and cook until reduced by half, 2 minutes. Add the broth and cook until reduced by half, 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms and the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley and 1 tablespoon lemon juice. Spoon the sauce over the turkey serve with the broccolini.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [12 ounces broccolini, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 lemon, halved 12 thinly sliced, 12 juiced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 4 cups sliced cremini mushrooms about 12 ounces, 1 14 pounds turkey breast cutlets, trimmed, cup allpurpose flour, 23 cup dry Marsala wine, 23 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Turkey Marsala with Lemon Broccolini, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 44652: {instructions: Heat the milk in a medium stainlesssteel saucepan over medium heat and bring almost to a boil. Remove from the heat.nBeat the egg yolks and sugar on mediumhigh speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until pale and thick, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, sprinkle on the cornstarch. Beat on mediumlow speed until combined, scraping down the bowl with a rubber spatula.nWith the mixer on low speed, slowly pour the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture. Pour the mixture back into the pan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens, 5 to 7 minutes. Pay attention because it will thicken and then quickly become scrambled eggsnImmediately, pour the mixture through a fine sieve into a large bowl. Stir in the vanilla, Cognac, butter, and heavy cream. Place plastic wrap directly on the custard and refrigerate until cold., ingredients: [3 cups milk, 10 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons sifted cornstarch, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon Cognac, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon heavy cream], title: Cognac Cream, picturelink: fjbiPAE0Kn.OKY5QSVVWQ0OlMUDlcdG}, 44653: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 wooden or medal skewers for Fajita SkewersnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the tortillas on 2 baking sheets. Top each tortilla with the sliced tomatoes. Divide the beef and vegetables from the leftover Fajita Skewers over the tortillas. Sprinkle the cheese evenly over the top and bake in the oven until the cheese is melted and golden and the tortillas are crispy, about 10 minutes. Transfer to serving dishes and serve.nIn a large resealable bag, mix together the lime juice, garlic, hot sauce, canola oil and chili powder. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Remove 1 tablespoon of the marinade and set aside.nSlice the peppers and onions into one inch square pieces. Place in the bag with the marinade. Slice the meat into thin strips against the grain and put into the bag with the marinade and vegetables and mix well to coat everything with the marinade. Place the bag in a large bowl incase it leaks and refrigerate for one and half hours.nMix the reserved marinade with the sour cream and refrigerate.nIf using wooden skewers soak in water for 30 minutes before threading on the beef and vegetables.nRemove the meat and vegetables from the refrigerator and let come to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Thread the beef and vegetables onto the skewers. Each skewer should get 4 pieces each of the pepper and onion and 3 pieces of the beef, alternating as you thread them onto the skewer. Cook the skewers on a grill pan or outdoor grill over medium high heat until meat is medium rare, about 3 to 4 minutes a side. Garnish with the flavored sour cream and cilantro., ingredients: [2 flour tortillas, 2 roma tomatoes, sliced, 2 fajitas, leftover from Fajita Skewers, recipe follows, 12 cup shredded Jack cheese, 14 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon chili powder, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 green peppers, 2 medium onions, 1 12 pounds top round, 1 cup sour cream, to serve, 2 tablespoon chopped cilantro, for garnish], title: Tortilla Pizza, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 44654: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together the olive oil, pesto and vinegar in a bowl.nOn small skewers, thread 1 tortellini, 1 cherry tomato and 1 mozzarella cube per skewer. Lay the skewers on a platter and lightly drizzle the dressing over them with a spoon.nServe immediately or refrigerate. Sprinkle on the minced parsley just before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons jarred pesto, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 2 packages spinach tortellini, cooked and cooled, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, 12 ounces fresh mozzarella, cubed, 14 cup minced fresh parsley], title: Tortellini Skewers, picturelink: 9gI2x8rsHoIZyzF6QSI9QibHIvOt2.}, 44655: {instructions: Place the chicken parts in a plastic bag and pour in salad dressing. Let marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 hours.nRemove the chicken from the plastic bag and coat with the spice rub. Place the chicken into a preheated 250 to 300 F degree smoker and cook for 2 to 3 hours, depending on the type and size of the chicken pieces.nOnce the internal temperature of the chicken reaches 180 degrees F, or the juices run clear, the chicken is finished cooking and ready to serve. Enjoy, ingredients: [4 to 5 pounds chicken parts, 16 ounces Italian salad dressing recommended: Newmans Own, 5 ounces spice rub recommended: BBQ N Fools BBQ Rub], title: Smoked BBQ Chicken, picturelink: null}, 44656: {instructions: Heat oil in a skillet or wok over high heat. Add the garlic, ginger, cabbage, carrot, and bean sprouts. Cook for 2 minutes or until the cabbage is just limp. Add the noodles and chicken continue to cook until heated through. Stir in the hoisin and oyster sauces, toss to coat the mixture. The filling should be moist but not wet. Remove from heat, and allow to cool. Toss in the chopped coriander.nLay a spring roll wrapper on a flat surface on an angle so it looks like a diamond. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the filling near the bottom corner of the wrapper and fold up to enclose the filling. Fold in the 2 sides. Paint the top seam of the wrapper with beaten egg. Continue rolling up to form a tight cylinder.nPour about 1inch of oil in a skillet and heat to 350 degrees F. Fry the spring rolls for 2 minutes, turning to cook all sides. Drain on paper towels before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 tablespoon grated ginger, 2 cups shredded Napa cabbage, 1 carrot, grated, 12 cup bean sprouts, 2 ounces bean thread noodles, blanched and chopped, 8 ounces shredded cooked chicken breast, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped coriander, 1 package spring roll wrappers, 1 egg, beaten, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Chicken Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 44657: {instructions: Special equipment: a candy thermometer, electric mixer, spice grinder, 2inch round silicone candy molds and 3 disposable pastry bagsnFor the raspberry jelly: Combine the sugar and agar in a medium saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Whisk in the cold water and add the glucose syrup. Cook at a gentle boil while stirring until the mixture reaches 223 degrees F, about 8 minutes.nRemove the agar mixture from the heat and allow to cool to 194 degrees F. Add the raspberry juice, stir to incorporate and pour into 2inch round silicone candy molds. Allow to set for 45 minutes in the refrigerator.nFor the handcrafted peanut butter: Process the dry roasted peanuts in a spice grinder until smooth. Add the canola oil and process again, then add the agave nectar and process until smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer the peanut butter to a piping bag and set aside.nFor the applesauce shortbread: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCream the butter and sugar together with an electric mixer until light, about 3 minutes. Add the egg, applesauce and cream and mix to incorporate, about 1 minute. Add the flour, vanilla and salt and mix until the dough holds together, about 1 minute.nTransfer the dough to a pastry bag and cut a 14inch opening at the end. Pipe out 2inch circles of the dough onto the prepared baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Let cool.nTransfer the peanut butter to a pastry bag, pipe the peanut butter onto the cooled shortbread cookies and spread it out to the edges. Top each with the cooled and set raspberry jelly.nTo decorate: Put the chocolate in a heatproof medium bowl. Fill a medium saucepan with a couple inches of water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from the heat and set the bowl of chocolate over the water to melt. Stir until smooth and transfer to a piping bag.nCut a small opening at the end of the pastry bag and decorate the tops of each cookie with spider legs., ingredients: [18 ounces sugar, 34 ounce powdered agar, 15 ounces cold water, 2 cups glucose syrup, 15 ounces raspberry juice, 2 ounces dry roasted peanuts, 12 ounce canola oil, 2 tablespoons agave nectar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 ounces sugar, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon applesauce, 2 ounces heavy cream, 5 ounces pastry flour or allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 ounces dark chocolate, chopped], title: Raspberry Farm Jelly with Peanut Butter and Applesauce Shortbread Spiders, picturelink: null}, 44658: {instructions: 1. Place all ingredients into the Vitamix container and secure lid.n2. Select Variable 1.n3. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n4. Blend for 12 seconds for soft peaks. Do not over mix. Serve within two hours., ingredients: [2 cups 480 ml heavy whipping cream, cold, 3 tablespoons 38 g sugar or other sweetener, to taste optional, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Vitamix Whipped Cream, picturelink: RrcZJt9vdGg2W6FcPWy9O66lnDZOOy}, 44659: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans and cook until crisptender, about 6 minutes. Drain, rinse under cold water and blot dry with paper towels.nMelt the butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the poblanos and onion, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the flour and cook, stirring, until the vegetables are coated, about 1 minute.nWhisk in the halfandhalf, chicken broth, cayenne and 12 teaspoon salt. Increase the heat to medium high and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, whisking occasionally, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Add the pepper jack and stir until melted, then add the green beans and stir to coat. Transfer to a 3quart baking dish. You can refrigerate the casserole, covered, for up to 4 hours.nBake the casserole until bubbling, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, pulse the tortilla chips with the chile powder in a food processor until coarsely ground. Sprinkle the Cotija cheese and ground tortilla chips over the casserole bake until golden, about 5 more minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 pounds green beans, trimmed and halved, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 poblano chile peppers, seeded and cut into short strips, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 2 cups shredded pepper jack cheese about 8 ounces, 4 cups tortilla chips, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 12 cup crumbled Cotija cheese about 2 ounces], title: TexMex Green Bean Casserole, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 44660: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut all of the ingredients for the sauce in food processor and process until smooth. Transfer to a small serving dish and reserve.nPut the red onion rings in a small bowl and separate the rings. Add the lime juice and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd the lamb to a mixing bowl along with the garlic, chile, ginger, spices, cinnamon, and salt and pepper, to taste. Mix to combine. Form the meat mixture into 4 sections and make 2 slidersize patties form each portion, 8 3ounce burgers in total, thinner at the center and thicker at the edges.nHeat a large skillet or a griddle pan with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the burgers and cook a few minutes on each side.nPut a few leaves of spinach on each of the bun bottoms and add the burger. Top with the onions and green sauce. Cover with the bun tops and serve.n Toast and grind your own coriander and cumin if you have a coffee grinder or spice mill., ingredients: [1 cup plain Greek yogurt, A handful cilantro leaves, A handful mint leaves, 1 clove garlic, peeled and grated or mashed into paste, Pinch salt, 1 lime, juiced, 4 12inch thick slices small red onion, 1 lime, juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds ground lamb, 2 large cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, 1 red or green chile, finely chopped, 1inch piece ginger, grated or minced, 1 teaspoon 13 palmful turmeric, ground cumin, ground coriander, smoked sweet or sweet paprika, granulated onion or onion powder, Pinch ground cinnamon, Baby spinach leaves, 8 soft potato rolls or slider rolls recommended: Pepperidge Farm], title: Indian Lamb Burgers with Green Raita Sauce and Red Onions, picturelink: BgIbD8IRgW99rVILp3tQmt9VAhFoH.}, 44661: {instructions: In a pitcher, combine the clamtomato juice, lime juice, orange juice, hot sauce, Worcestershire, black pepper, ginger, salt, bitters and serrano. Stir well.nTo serve, rim a pint glass with salt. Fill the glass with ice, then fill halfway with the Dirty Bird mixture. Top off with Mexican beer, about 5 ounces. Repeat., ingredients: [1 quart clamtomato juice, such as Clamato, 1 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup orange juice, 4 bar spoons 4 teaspoons Asian hot sauce, such as Sriracha, 4 bar spoons 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 bar spoon 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 bar spoon 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 bar spoon 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for rimming glasses, 6 dashes orange bitters, 1 serrano chile, sliced, 30 ounces Mexican beer preferably from tap], title: Dirty Bird, picturelink: OBxCYacS85I0QzjkPNG9ygH6aADKuy}, 44662: {instructions: Puree one 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, 2 garlic cloves and 12 teaspoon each kosher salt and pepper set aside. Cook 2 sliced garlic cloves in 2 tablespoons olive oil in a pot over mediumhigh heat, 1 minute. Add 1 pound ground beef cook, breaking up the meat, until browned 5 minutes. Discard all but 1 tablespoon excess fat. Add 14 cup red wine and cook until dry, then stir in the tomato puree and reduce the heat. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 20 minutes season with salt and pepper. Toss with 12 ounces cooked rigatoni, adding up to 12 cup pastacooking water to loosen the sauce.nPhotograph by Linda Xiao, ingredients: [], title: Shortcut Bolognese, picturelink: null}, 44663: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nFor berries: In a small bowl, combine berries, sugar, orange juice and orange zest. Chill in refrigerator for about 15 minutes.nFor shortcake: In a bowl, combine box biscuit mix, orange juice, sugar and butter until soft dough forms the orange juice will substitute for water in the boxed biscuit mix directions. Using standardsize ice cream scoop, scoop dough onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown.nFor topping: Stir orange extract into thawed nondairy whipped topping. Do not overmix.nSplit shortcakes and top with berries and topping mixture., ingredients: [1 pound frozen blueberries, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 2 13 cups complete box biscuit mix, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 8 ounces nondairy whipped topping, thawed, 14 teaspoon orange extract], title: Blueberries with Orange Zest Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 44664: {instructions: Brush tomatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until just soft.nBrush squid and onions with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill squid for 3 minutes on each side. Grill onions on both sides until tender. Toss greens with olive oil and lemon and season with salt and pepper. Arrange greens on a platter and top with squid and onions, tomato and mint., ingredients: [4 plum tomatoes, halved, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 whole squid, skinned and cleaned, 2 medium Vidalia onions, sliced 14inch thick, 12 pound arugula, 12 pound frisee, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 6 mint leaves, cut into chiffonade], title: Grilled Squid and Vidalia Onion Salad with Grilled Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 44665: {instructions: Place radishes in a skillet with stock, butter bits, shallots, sugar, vinegar, salt and pepper. Cover the pan and bring to a boil. Uncover the pan and reduce heat to medium. Cook radishes 10 to 12 minutes and if the stock has not cooked away, remove radishes and cook down to 12 cup, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [2 bunches radishes, about 1 pound, trimmed of tops and roots, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into bits, 1 large shallot, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Braised Radishes, picturelink: null}, 44666: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 Pastry bags Ateco 104 rose tip Ateco 2 small round tip Ateco 70 leaf tipnFrost the cupcakes with the buttercream.nTo pipe the flower: Place the grapetinted frosting in a pastry bag with a 104 rose tip. Point the bag down at a 45 degree angle, with the skinny end of the rose tip aimed towards the center of the flower. Squeeze and release while making 5 tear shapes in a circle to form a flower. Repeat piping on top with 4 more tear shapes in a tight circle.nPlace the egg yolktinted frosting in a pastry bag with a 2 small round tip. Hold the bag straight up, and pipe a small dot into the center of the flower.nTo pipe the leaf: Place the avocadotinted frosting in a pastry bag with a 70 leaf tip. Point the bag down at a 45 degree angle with the tip lightly touching the surface of the cupcake. Squeeze hard to build up the base and simultaneously lift the tip slightly. Relax the pressure as you pull the tip toward you, drawing the leaf to a point. Stop squeezing and lift the tip away. Pipe a second leaf on the other side of the flower.nRepeat with the remaining cupcakes., ingredients: [12 GoTo Vanilla Cupcakes, 2 cups Swiss Buttercream, 12 cup GrapeTinted Frosting, 12 cup Egg YolkTinted Frosting, 13 cup AvocadoTinted Frosting], title: Pansy Flower Cupcakes, picturelink: RPLiWGhGfFraRt4GZSyg97lzBChTIO}, 44667: {instructions: Bring the barley, 3 12 cups water and 12 teaspoon salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer until the barley is chewy but tender, about 50 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the bacon in a single layer to a large nonstick skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, about 6 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and transfer the bacon with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain reserve the bacon drippings in the skillet.nReturn the skillet to medium heat and melt the butter in the bacon drippings. Add the onion and 14 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until deep golden brown, about 25 minutes. Add the peas and stir until heated through, about 1 minute.nDrain any excess liquid from the barley. Stir the barley into the onionpea mixture. Stir in the dill, lemon juice and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl and sprinkle with the bacon., ingredients: [34 cup whole hulled barley, rinsed, Kosher salt, 4 slices bacon, sliced crosswise into 12inch strips, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 large yellow onion, quartered and thinly sliced, 1 12 cups frozen peas, thawed about 8 ounces, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Barley with Bacon, Peas and Dill, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 44668: {instructions: Heat several inches of oil in a large, heavy Dutch oven to 375 degrees F.nWash and pat dry the trout. Dredge the trout in the flour to lightly coat. Dip the trout into the egg wash.nFirmly pat the trout into the grated Parmesan until the entire fish is coated. Fry for approximately 5 to 6 minutes in the hot oil until golden brown.nAlthough there are many recipes for hollandaise, we recommend our blender hollandaise sauce for ease and accuracy. In a blender, combine the lemon juice, egg yolks, and salt at high speed. Drizzle in the hot butter until the mixture is thick. Add the cayenne and hot sauce just before done. Place a ribbon of hollandaise down the center of the trout., ingredients: [4 10 to 11 ounces whole Shenandoah Valley, Virginia trout, head removed, butterflied and boned, 2 cups allpurpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, 4 whole eggs, beaten with 2 tablespoons water, 10 ounces grated Parmesan, Soybean oil or other oil, for frying, Hollandaise Sauce, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 4 pasteurized egg yolks, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup clarified butter, hot, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Dash hot sauce], title: Trout Parmesan, picturelink: y1oIZANx7LV3eG3u8pZBNveTy26ApS}, 44669: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 F. To make the filling quarter the pumpkin, removing the strings and seeds and place, flesh side down, on an oiled baking sheet. Bake for 35 minutes, or until tender. Peel and puree flesh. Add egg yolk, cheese, sage, nutmeg and salt and pepper to taste. Arrange one wanton skin on work surface. Add 1 teaspoon filling, mounding it in center of square and brush border with egg wash. Top with another wanton skin, pressing dough around filling to remove any air bubbles and transfer to a lightly floured baking sheet. Cover with dampened towels while preparing remaining raviolis. In a saucepan of boiling salted water cook the ravioli until they are just tender. In a saucepan set over moderate heat melt the butter, add the sage and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the cream and simmer until lightly thickened. Drain the pasta and transfer to a serving bowl. Add sauce and toss to combine. Garnish with sage leaves., ingredients: [1 12 pound pumpkin, 2 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, 1 egg yolk, 14 cup grated Locatelli cheese, 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage, Freshly grated nutmeg to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 package wonton skins, Egg wash 1 egg, mixed with 1 teaspoon water, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 sage leaves, minced, 12 cup cream or chicken broth, Freshly grated Locatelli cheese to taste, Deep fried sage leaves for garnish], title: Pumpkin Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 44670: {instructions: Place the wood chips into a bowl and cover with cool water. Set aside and allow to soak for 1 hour.nIn the meantime, place the salt, sugar, water and red pepper flakes into an electric kettle and heat just until the salt and sugar have dissolved. Turn the kettle off and add the ice. Stir until the brine has cooled. Place the shrimp into a 1gallon ziptop bag and pour over the brine. Place in a container and set in the refrigerator until the wood chips are done soaking, approximately 45 more minutes.nWhile the shrimp are brining, heat about 2 quarts of charcoal in a chimney starter until the coals are covered with a white ash.nAfter the chips are done soaking, drain them and set aside. Drain the shrimp in a colander and thread on 4 to 6 rounded skewers.nCarefully transfer the charcoal to a large, 18inch round, stainless steel bowl. Cover the charcoal with the wood chips. Lay the skewered shrimp directly atop the chips making sure that the shrimp do not come in direct contact with the charcoal and that the shrimp are in 1 layer. Turn another, smaller 13 to 14inch metal bowl upside down on top of the shrimp. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes or until cooked through. Serve warm or chilled.nIn a small bowl whisk together the mustard seed, dry mustard and water.nPlace the mustard and water mixture into a small saucepan and add the remaining ingredients. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Do not allow to boil. Remove from the heat and puree with a handheld blender for 5 to 10 seconds while drizzling with oil, leaving some of the seeds intact if desired. Pour into a glass jar or container, allow to cool, cover and allow to sit in refrigerator overnight before using. Store in the refrigerator for up to 1 month.nYield: approximately 1 cup, ingredients: [2 quarts wood chips, 12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 quart ice, 2 pounds jumbo whole shrimp 2125 count, rinsed thoroughly and drained, 2 quarts allnatural chunk charcoal, Spicy Brown Mustard Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup brown mustard seed, 14 cup dry mustard powder, 2 tablespoons water, 13 cup cider vinegar, 13 cup white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 cup olive oil], title: Bowl Smoked Shrimp, picturelink: Pm6z14VinKuA0FtJrY87u4UJvYdJvO}, 44671: {instructions: In a large sauce pot bring the chicken stock to a boil over medium heat. Add rice, cover, turn the heat down to low and cook for 20 minutes or until rice has absorbed all the liquid and is tender.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat and spray with olive oil cooking spray. Add the garlic, onions, celery and mushrooms and saute until tender about 5 to 7 minutes.nAdd rice, cranberries, pecans, water chestnuts and orange zest. Mix to combine and cook until all ingredients are heated through. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups lowsodium chicken stock or broth, 1 6ounce package wild rice, Olive oil cooking spray, 1 teaspoon fresh chopped garlic or crushed garlic from jar, 12 cup yellow onion, diced, 12 cup diced celery, 12 8ounce package sliced white mushrooms, chopped, 12 cup dried cranberries, optional, 12 cup chopped pecans, optional, 1 8ounce can sliced water chestnuts, drained, 12 orange, zested], title: Colorful Rice  SemiHomemaker Recipe, picturelink: 3yZdy2UDfcTjZfm6Rj1Ppcz9YVVUjaC}, 44672: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the bread pudding: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a baking dish with butter. Add the cubed bread.nIn a small saucepan, melt 4 tablespoons butter.nIn a large bowl, combine the melted butter, raisins, condensed milk, sugar, and vanilla and whisk together. Add the eggs and whisk again until thoroughly combined.nPour the custard over the bread and allow to soak for a few minutes. Press the bread into the liquid to help absorb.nSprinkle the top with the cinnamon and chopped pecans and bake in the oven until the custard is set, about 30 minutes. Stick a paring knife into the center of the pudding. If it comes out with liquid stuck to the knife, cook for a few minutes more until firm. Remove the bread pudding from the oven and allow to cool a bit.nFor the peach sauce: In a large saucepan over mediumlow heat, melt the butter. Add the peaches, sugar, and liqueur and stir gently until the sugar dissolves. Allow to simmer until the mixture begins to thicken and darken, about 2 minutes. Stir while cooking to avoid burning. Add the heavy cream and stir to combine. Allow to heat through and thicken, about 2 minutes. If the sauce needs additional thickening, combine the cornstarch and water in a small bowl and stir some into the sauce. Remove from the heat and keep warm.nFor the rum sauce: Heat a small, nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the sugar. Stir and cook until the sugar is melted. Remove from the heat and add the orange liqueur and dark rum. Return to the heat and simmer for 1 minute, and then flambe, if desired, or just let the alcohol burn off.nTo plate: Using a ring cutter, cut out rounds of bread pudding and plate in a shallow bowl. Pour the peach sauce over top, and then the rum sauce. Garnish with a dollop of creme fraiche and a small sprig fresh mint., ingredients: [4 cups brioche, cut into 1inch cubes, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing pan, 13 cup golden raisins, 2 cups sweetened condensed milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons pecans, chopped, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh peaches, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup orange liqueur, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, plus 2 tablespoons water, to thicken, if needed, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons orange liqueur, 2 tablespoons dark rum, Creme fraiche, Fresh mint], title: Vanilla Brioche Bread Pudding with Peach Suzette Sauce, picturelink: CiOuNZaye2iRUohK59y0WbEcWZPwIau}, 44673: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the burgers: Heat 14 cup of the oil over mediumhigh heat in a 12inch nonstick skillet. Add the shallots, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms, garlic, thyme and the remaining 34 teaspoon of salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook until the mushrooms are soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly.nBlend the peas and 1 can lentils until smooth in a blender. Transfer the pureed peas and lentils to a medium bowl. Add the remaining 1 can lentils, 13 cup cornmeal, mayonnaise, lemon juice and the mushroom mixture. Form 13cupfuls of the mixture into eleven 34inchthick slider patties.nSprinkle 14 cup cornmeal on a baking sheet. Place the burgers on top of the cornmeal. Sprinkle the remaining 14 cup cornmeal on top of the burgers. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nHeat the remaining 14 cup oil over medium heat in the skillet. Cook the burgers until golden brown, about 4 minutes on each side.nFor the mayonnaise: Mix the mayonnaise, basil and lemon zest until smooth in a small bowl.nWorking in batches, place the bread in the skillet and cook until lightly toasted, 1 to 2 minutes on each side. The bread can also be grilled or toasted in an oven.nSmear the mayonnaise on the bread and top with the lentil burgers. Serve with avocado if using, tomato, lettuce and top with the remaining the bread slices., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 large shallots, minced, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 button mushrooms about 4 ounces, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 12 cup frozen petite green peas, thawed, Two 15ounce cans lentils, rinsed and drained, 13 cup plus 12 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons eggfree mayonnaise, such as Vegenaise, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 cup refrigerated eggfree mayonnaise, such as Vegenaise, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, Zest of 1 large lemon, Twentytwo 12inchthickslices countrystyle bread, 1 avocado, seeded, peeled and thinly sliced, optional, 2 Roma tomatoes, thinly sliced, 1 head butter lettuce, leaves separated], title: Lentil Burgers with LemonBasil Mayonnaise, picturelink: JjeWbItWFGhe54UHdJzREfZvkb.lHy}, 44674: {instructions: Sift the flour and salt into a large mixing bowl. Stir in the beer, mixing until smooth. Beat the eggs and egg yolks in a small bowl, add to the batter and whisk until smooth. Add the sour cream and melted butter. Heat a 6 inch saute pan, add a light coating of butter, and make individual crepes until the batter is used up.nFill center of each crepe with crabmeat mixture. Roll crepes up and transfer them to a shallow buttered ovenproof dish.nIn a mixing bowl combine the bread crumbs, oil, garlic, parsley, chives, and Parmesan. Mix well and sprinkle over the filled crepes. Bake in a preheated 400 degree F oven for about 15 minutes or until the top is golden brown. Serve hot.nOn top of a double boiler over simmering water combine crabmeat with shallots, mustard, horseradish, salt, pepper, lemon juice, bichamel sauce and mayonnaise. Cook for about 5 minutes until heated through.nMelt butter in a saucepan. Add onion and saute until transparent. Stir in flour and cook over medium heat until a roux is formed. Mix in thyme and nutmeg. In another saucepan, bring milk and salt to a boil. Pour hot milk quickly into the roux and stir until thickened. Simmer slowly for 15 minutes, stirring constantly. Strain the sauce through a fine sieve., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup light beer, 2 eggs, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 tablespoon melted butter, plus butter for sauteing, Crabmeat Filling, recipe follows, 8 to 10 ounces cooked crabmeat or canned, 1 teaspoon shallots, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon dry English mustard, 14 teaspoon prepared horseradish, Pinch salt and pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, 13 cup bechamel sauce, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 12 cup fine bread crumbs, fresh as possible, 1 tablespoon corn oil, 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced, 1 teaspoon finely chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon finely chopped chives, 1 tablespoon Parmesan, grated, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, sliced, 3 tablespoons flour, Pinch thyme, Pinch nutmeg, 2 cups milk, 14 teaspoon salt], title: King Crabmeat Crepes with Bechamel Cream Gratin, picturelink: null}, 44675: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter an 11 12 by 9 14 by 2 12inch heartshaped cake pan, and line with parchment paper. Butter and flour the parchment paper, and set aside.nSet the bowl of an electric mixer over, but not touching, a pot of simmering water. Combine the granulated sugar and eggs in the bowl, and whisk until mixture is warm to the touch, about 2 minutes.nTransfer the bowl to an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, and beat on high speed until the mixture is very thick and pale, about 4 minutes. With a rubber spatula, gently transfer the mixture to a large mixing bowl. Sift in the flour in 3 additions, folding gently after each. Combine the butter and the vanilla, and add in a steady stream as you fold in the third addition of flour. Fold gently, and transfer to prepared pan. Smooth the top with an offset spatula.nBake until the cake is springy to the touch and golden brown, about 40 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. When ready to use, turn out cake onto a cutting board or a cake turntable covered with parchment paper, and carefully peel the parchment paper off the cake.nTo assemble using a serrated knife, cut cake in half horizontally.nBrush cut sides of cake liberally with simple syrup. Spread bottom layer to within 12inch of edge with half of the whipped cream. Cover cream with an even layer of raspberries. Spread remaining whipped cream over berries. Place top of cake cut side down over cream. Dust with confectioners sugar and cocoa powder, if desired.nRaspberry Simple Syrup:n12 cup sugarn12 cup watern2 teaspoons framboisenPrepare an ice water bath. In a small saucepan, combine the sugar and 12 cup water bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has completely dissolved, about 10 minutes. Stir in the framboise and set the pot over ice bath. Stir occasionally, until completely chilled. Can be stored refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 2 months.nYield: about 12 cupnWhipped Cream:n2 cups heavy creamn2 tablespoons confectionersu2019 sugarn1 teaspoon pure vanilla extractnIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the cream, sugar, and vanilla. Beat on high speed until soft peaks form, about 5 minutes.nYield: about 4 cups, ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for pan, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, plus more for pan, 1 cup granulated sugar, 6 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Raspberry Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 2 pints raspberries, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Cocoa powder, for dusting, optional], title: Valentine Cake, picturelink: QaMnM1Tk0INVcmrKOudWOUwNdbkqJCq}, 44676: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl lightly blend leftover green bean casserole with milk, stock and turkey. Using the puff pastry, cut out 6 4inch disks from each sheet. Lightly press the disks into the bottom and up the sides of 6 1cup muffin tins, leaving about 12inch crust over the edge to secure the top. Press the tines of the fork into the bottom and the sides to dock the pastry. Fill each cup level with the top and cover with another cut circle. Secure the edges by pinching together. Cut a small hole in the top for steam. Bake for 30 minutes or until crust is golden brown., ingredients: [4 servings or 4 cups Leftover Green Bean Casserole recommended: Campbells Soup recipe, 12 cup milk, 12 cup turkey, beef, or chicken stock, 1 cup roasted turkey meat, chopped, 2 standard puff pastry sheets], title: Second Day Turkey and String Bean Pot Pies, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 44677: {instructions: Toss eggplant with the thyme, garlic, olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Grill on both sides. Set aside.nIn a soup pot, heat the 4 tablespoons of olive oil, add garlic and leeks. When lightly brown, add the stocks and grilled eggplant. Simmer 20 minutes. Puree in food processor. Add salt and pepper to taste.nTo serve, place in bowls and top with sour cream and fresh thyme, ingredients: [2 eggplants approximately 3 pounds, peeled and cut in 12inch slices, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 4 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 leeks, 2 cups beef stock, 2 cups chicken stock, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Eggplant Soup, picturelink: null}, 44678: {instructions: Toast the sesame seeds in a large skillet over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly, until golden, 7 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool completely.nBeat the butter and brown sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the egg, vanilla, salt and baking powder and beat until combined, scraping down the bowl as needed. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour and 14 cup of the toasted sesame seeds and beat until just combined. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or aluminum foil and butter the parchment or foil. Form teaspoonfuls of dough into small balls, then roll in the remaining 12 cup toasted sesame seeds, pressing to coat. Arrange the balls about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, switching the position of the pans halfway through, until dark golden around the edges, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool 1 minute on the baking sheets, then carefully remove the cookies with a thin metal spatula and transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [34 cup sesame seeds, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the baking sheets, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch of baking powder, 23 cup allpurpose flour], title: Sesame Wafers, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 44679: {instructions: Rinse fish and pat dry. Combine yellow onions, thyme, garlic, salt and pepper in a large, deep skillet. Add the skate wings and cover with cold water. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. As soon as water boils, remove pan from heat. Remove 1 cup of the liquid into a small nonreactive saucepan and set aside. Cover the skillet and set aside until the fish is cooked through, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile steam the cabbage until cooked, about 10 minutes. Bring the reserved cup of liquid to a boil over high heat. Boil until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the vinegar and boil for another minute. Swirl in the butter a few pieces at a time, and keep the sauce warm over very low heat. To serve, drain the skate on a towel. Remove the skin from both sides. Place 2 wedges of cabbage on each of 4 warmed dinner plates. Place skate on top of cabbage. Spoon sauce over the fish, sprinkle with leeks and serve immediately.nWine: Manzanilla La Gitana Sherry, ingredients: [4 skate wings, 2 large yellow onions, halved, 1 bunch fresh thyme or 2 tablespoons dried, crumbled, 1 head garlic, separated into cloves and crushed, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 small head of savoy cabbage, cut lengthwise into eighths, 13 cup bestquality sherry wine vinegar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces, 2 medium leeks, white and pale green parts only julienned, Sauteed in butter], title: Skate Wings with Cabbage and Leeks, picturelink: null}, 44680: {instructions: Put the sausages in a skillet over high heat and add 12inch of water and a drizzle of oil. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and allow the liquid to evaporate, cooking the sausages through. Once the liquid evaporates, the oil will help brown and crisp up the casings.nCombine the vinegar, sugar, peppercorns, cloves, bay leaves, and sea salt in a small pot over high heat. Bring to a boil, stir, then lower the heat to mediumlow and let the brine reduce for 5 to 6 minutes.nWhile the brine reduces, combine the cabbage, red onions, and apples in a large serving bowl. Sprinkle with caraway or cumin seed, if you like the flavor.nPour the hot reduced brine through a strainer over the cabbage mixture in a slow stream. Evenly distribute it, then pour about 14 cup of oil over the salad. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to combine.nToast the bread. In a small bowl, combine the softened butter with the herbs. Spread the mixture on the warm toast.nServe the sausages with the toast, slaw salad, mustard, radishes, and pickles., ingredients: [8 links goodquality bratwurst, bockwurst, weisswurst, or knackwurst sausages, 14 cup olive or vegetable oil, plus a drizzle, 1 cup white wine vinegar or cider vinegar, 14 to 13 cup sugar, eyeball it, 8 peppercorns, 2 to 3 whole cloves, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 teaspoon sea salt or kosher salt, 1 small head red cabbage or 12 medium head, cored and thinly shredded, 1 pound, 1 medium red onion, peeled, halved, and thinly sliced, 1 green apple, quartered, cored, and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon caraway seed or cumin seed, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices pumpernickel bread, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, softened, 14 cup finely chopped fresh herbs, such as chives, dill, or flatleaf parsley, 1 cup good quality spicy mustard, Fresh radishes, trimmed and lightly salted, Cornichons or baby gherkin pickles], title: Braised Wurst Sausages with Cabbage, Red Onion and Apple Slaw, picturelink: 5c4ZwM7JcqukKxa1J.gRT6MQ6PyIu}, 44681: {instructions: Mix the yeast, water, and sugar in a mixer bowl fitted with a dough hook. Let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Add the salt, lemon zest, nutmeg, egg, milk, and 1 12 cups flour mix on medium speed until combined. Add the butter mix until incorporated. Add 1 34 cups flour, and mix until the dough comes together. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface. Knead in the remaining 14 cup flour by hand until the dough is smooth, about 5 minutes.nPlace the dough in a lightly oiled bowl, cover loosely with plastic wrap, and let stand in a warm, draftfree spot until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Remove the dough from the bowl and punch down. Roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface to 12inch thickness. Cut out circles with a 1inch round cutter place on a floured baking sheet. Let rise in a warm, draftfree spot for 30 minutes.nHeat the oil in a medium pot or deep fryer until it registers 350 degrees F on a deep fry thermometer. Fry the beignets in batches, rolling them around constantly with a slotted spoon, until golden brown all over, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the beignets with the slotted spoon to a platter lined with paper towels and dust with confectioners sugar. Serve warm with the jam.nJam:nPut the blackberries in a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. Transfer the mixture to a large skillet and stir in the sugar and lemon juice. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, and cook until the jam is thickened about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let come to room temperature., ingredients: [1 .25 ounce envelope active dry yeast, 34 cup warm water, about 110 degrees F, 14 cup granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 large egg, 12 cup whole milk, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, divided, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 quarts canola oil, plus more to oil bowl, Confectioners sugar, Blackberry Jam, recipe follows, Quick Blackberry Jam, 1 quart fresh ripe blackberries, hulled, 12 cup superfine sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice], title: Beignets with Quick Homemade Blackberry Jam, picturelink: fZynxUTHxXsPej3jyidDmbP2HAoc.G}, 44682: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Spray bottom only of 9inch round cake pan with cooking spray. In small bowl, mix all streusel ingredients except butter. Cut in butter with fork until mixture is crumbly set aside.nIn medium bowl, stir muffin mix, water, oil and eggs just until blended batter may be lumpy. Spread in pan. Sprinkle with streusel.nBake 24 to 28 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 30 minutes.nIn small bowl, mix glaze ingredients until smooth drizzle over coffee cake. Serve warm or cooled., ingredients: [Streusel, 4 cups packed brown sugar, 4 cups oldfashioned oats, 2 tablespoons chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon butter, Coffee Cake, 1 box 15.3 oz Betty Crocker Fiber One apple cinnamon muffin mix, 4 cups water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 eggs, Glaze, 4 cups powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon water], title: Apple Cinnamon Coffee Cake, picturelink: n8p6E8C1IMx8cBzoxgyWfDQj3oAyb2}, 44683: {instructions: In a medium 3quart saucepan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring frequently, until brown and crispy, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the pancetta to paper towels to drain. Set aside. Discard any cooking juices in the pan.nIn the same pan, over medium heat, add the butter. Add the onion and cook for 5 minutes until soft. Add in the rice and stir until the rice is lightly toasted and coated with the butter, about 1 minute. Stir in the stock, salt and saffron. Bring the mixture to a simmer and, with a wooden spoon. scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan. Cover the pan with a tightfitting lid and cook until the rice is tender and all the liquid has been absorbed, about 20 to 25 minutes Let the rice stand for 5 minutes. Using a fork, fluff the rice and transfer to a serving bowl. Top with the cooked pancetta and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 8ounce piece pancetta, cut into 14inch pieces, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 14 cups white basmati rice, 4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon saffron threads], title: Pancetta and Saffron Rice, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 44684: {instructions: Preheat oven 450 degrees F.nFor the baked stuffed tomatoes you need to make 4 tomato cups out of your 2 tomatoes. To do so, cut a very thin slice off both ends of each of the 2 tomatoes, this is to create 4 flat bottoms. Then cut each tomato in half across its circumference. You should have 4 cup shapes, using the thinly sliced side as the bottom of the cups. To create a cavity, use a melon ball scoop to remove the seeds and pulp from the wide, fleshy side of each tomato cup. You dont have to be too fussy about this. You are just trying to create enough room to hold the filling. When scooping take some care not to puncture through the bottoms of the cups. If you do puncture it, dont worry, it is not the end of the world, just keep moving forward. Season the inside of the tomato cavities with salt and pepper. Reserve the seasoned tomato cups while you make the filling.nIn a small mixing bowl combine the ricotta cheese, lemon zest, cilantro, parsley, garlic, scallions, Parmigiano and season with salt and pepper. Taste the mixture. This is your last chance to adjust the seasoning. Once youre happy with the flavor, add the egg yolk and mix thoroughly. Divide the filling between the 4 tomato cup cavities, pushing it into the cavity with a rubber spatula or spoon. Drizzle some extravirgin olive oil into a baking dish. Arrange your stuffed tomatoes in the dish, transfer to the hot oven, and bake for 15 to 17 minutes. The stuffing and the tomatoes should be fully cooked and the top should be lightly brown., ingredients: [2 beefsteak tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, 1 large lemon, zested, about 2 tablespoons, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 34 cup flatleaf parsley, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 13 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 egg yolk, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Lemon, Garlic, and Cilantro Baked Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 44685: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the head from the fish or have your fishmonger do this and cut the fish into 2inch thick steaks. Put the rice flour on a plate and season it well with salt and pepper dredge the fish pieces in the rice flour, shaking off any excess.nIn a deep pot or a wok large enough to hold the fish, heat the vegetable oil to 350 degrees F. Carefully put in the fish and deepfry until it is browned, crisp, and cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the fish pieces and drain them on paper towels place them onto a platter.nCarefully drain all but 3 tablespoons of oil from the wok. Stirfry the scallions, ginger, garlic, and chiles for about 2 minutes. Add the black beans and fry for another minute. Pour in the chicken stock, bring to a boil, and simmer until the sauce begins to thicken, about 10 minutes. In a small bowl mix the cornstarch with 2 tablespoons water making sure to get out all the lumps. Pour this slurry into the black bean mixture it will thicken immediately and cook for another 2 minutes. Pour the sauce over the fish pieces, garnish with cilantro leaves, and serve., ingredients: [1 2 to 3 pound whole red snapper, cleaned and scaled, 1 cup rice flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Peanut oil, for frying, 4 scallions, sliced thin, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, sliced thin, 1 serrano chile, sliced thin, 12 cup fermented black beans, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons water, Cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Chinese DeepFried Fish with Spicy Black Bean Sauce, picturelink: Cj7tzR9gIGEX6WKpPCM..x4SeGDh.}, 44686: {instructions: Set up a steamer that can hold the 4 fillets. Mix lime juice, salt, sugar and water. Add the fish and brine for 20 minutes. Add the fillets to the steamer should be lined with red leaf or banana leaf, top with the scallions and steam for 8 to10 minutes until cooked though. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, heat the peanut oil very hot until almost smoking. Mix the kaffir, chile, ginger, garlic and salt and pepper. First plate the halibut and right before serving, add the mix to the hot oil, mix and immediately flash the halibut. Serve.nIt is recommended to use day old rice so that the drier rice can soak up the flavors. In a wok, add 2 tablespoons of oil and quickly soft scramble the eggs. Remove the eggs. In the same wok, coat with oil and stirfry garlic and ginger. Add scallions and rice and heat thoroughly. Add soy sauce, white pepper and scrambled eggs. Check for seasoning.nBlanch the long beans in a 350 degree fryer for only 1 minute until wrinkled. Mix in a bowl the sambal, fish sauce and lime juice. Add the hot long beans. Check for seasoning and adjust. Let sit at room temperature.nPLATING Using a 2 12inch Oring or cut out tuna fish can, fill the bottom half with the fried rice. Top with the long beans and press down firmly. Top with the halibut and flash with the oil., ingredients: [1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 cups water, 4 6ounce thick fillets of halibut, square shaped, Red leaf or banana leaf for steaming, 4 each scallions, 116inch ribbons, 12 cup peanut oil Lion and Globe or an artisan roasted peanut oil, 6 fresh kaffir lime leaves, 116inch ribbons, 3 Thai bird chiles, 116inch slices, 1 tablespoon ginger, 116inch ribbons, 1 tablespoon garlic, 116inch slices, Salt and black pepper to taste, Canola oil to cook, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 4 chopped scallions, 18inch slice, 4 cups cooked, day old jasmin rice add 1 teaspoon of tumeric to raw rice to cook in the flavor and color, 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce, 12 teaspoon white pepper, Salt to taste, 4 cups chinese long beans, cut into 2 inch pieces can substitute blanched haricots verts, 12 tablespoon sambal oelek, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, Juice of 2 limes, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Steamed Halibut Flashed with Thai BirdKaffir Lime Oil Turmeric Fried Rice and Long Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 44687: {instructions: Rinse the escargot under warm water, pat shells dry with a paper towel, then set aside.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine the butter, shallots, garlic, parsley, and lemon juice. Mix all ingredients well with a small spoon. Lightly season butter with salt and pepper, until desired taste is achieved.nWhen butter is at desired flavor, begin to scoop a small amount of herb butter in each shell of escargot. If there is extra butter left over after each shell has been filled, go back and continue the process, adding extra butter, until all the butter has been used.nPut the stuffed shells into the fridge and allow to sit for about 20 minutes, giving the butter enough time to solidify in shells. While the shells are in the fridge, set the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhen the butter is solid in the shells, remove from fridge and transfer shells into an ovensafe pan. If possible, avoid placing shells on a sheet tray, as we want the snails to cook in the butter as much as possible. Cook snails for 15 minutes, max.nServe snails, in shells, on top of toasted pieces of baguette, or in a fresh tomatobased sauce., ingredients: [1 pound escargot, in shell, 1 stick butter, room temperature, 1 shallot, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons Italian parsley, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Salt and pepper, Serving suggestions: toasted piece of baguette or fresh tomatobasil sauce], title: Escargot, in the Shell with Herb Butter, picturelink: null}, 44688: {instructions: In a large saucepan, place all the ingredients, except the almond extract and raspberries. Bring it to a gentle boil and then turn it down to a gentle simmer, stirring occasionally to keep it from sticking to the bottom, for about 30 to 40 minutes. Taste the rice to check for doneness. The rice should be very soft and plump.nTake the pudding off the heat and stir in the extract. Pour into dessert bowls and stir in some fresh raspberries. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup arborio rice, 3 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup sugar, 12 vanilla bean, split, 34 teaspoon almond extract, 12 pint raspberries], title: Arborio Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 44689: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the flour, egg, olive oil, salt, and half the milk. Whisk the batter well, adding the remaining milk, a little at a time, until the batter is silky smooth in consistency.nHeat a hot nonstick skillet. Add a ladle of batter to the hot skillet. Evenly smooth out the batter. Cook until the batter sets and the underside is lightly browned. Run a spatula underneath the crepe and flip over. Cook until the other side is lightly browned. Remove from heat.nSmear the chocolatehazelnut spread over the crepe and add the bananas to one side. Then fold over the crepe and sprinkle with icing sugar confectioners. Serve the crepes immediately.nRepeat the above process with the remaining batter to make the additional servings., ingredients: [1 cup240 ml flour, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon15 ml extravirgin olive oil, Pinch salt, 1 12 cups353 ml milk, Chocolatehazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, as much as you like, Bananas, sliced, as much as you like, Icing sugar confectioners sugar, for sprinkling], title: Joe Davids ChocolateHazelnut Crepes, picturelink: null}, 44690: {instructions: Cook shrimp in boiling water for 3 minutes, drain and cool in refrigerator.nPut mint and lemon juice in food processor and pulse to coarsely chop the mint. Drizzle olive oil into processor while pureeing until mint is finely chopped.nIn a serving bowl, toss shrimp, cucumber, mint mixture, zest, salt and pepper to combine.nThis will keep in the refrigerator in an airtight container for up to 2 days., ingredients: [2 pounds medium shrimp, cleaned, 1 cup fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 English cucumber, seeded and diced about 1 12 cups, 1 lemon, zested, Salt and pepper], title: Shrimp Salad with Cucumber and Mint, picturelink: v3JFjCd4C67pbSKlKFMdKCf4DIlhvO}, 44691: {instructions: Grilled Peach Vinaigrette: Place peach halves over medium hot grill for 10 minutes, turning once. Remove from the grill and place in blender. Grill onion slices for 6 minutes, turning once. Remove from grill and place in blender. Add basil, lemon juice, vinegar and honey to blender and blend until smooth.nGrilled Peach Quesadillas: Lightly oil brush or spray both sides of tortillas. Place tortillas on grill over medium low heat and crisp one side for about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Place 6 tortillas crisp side up. Divide the cheese, peaches, onions, jalapenos, basil and cilantro equally, and spread evenly, among the 6 tortillas. Stack half of these tortillas on top of the remaining half. Top with a final layer of the 3 remaining tortillas with the crisp side placed down on the inside. Sprinkle chile powder on the outside of the tortillas and place on the grill, chile side down. Grill until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle chile powder on top of the tortillas and turn. Grill the other side for 3 to 4 minutes until golden brown and the cheese is melted. Cut each quesadilla into 4 wedges.nHot Smoked Salmon: Mix lime juice, honey, and chipotle powder in a small bowl to form marinade. Place salmon in shallow pan and pour marinade over. Allow to sit for 15 minutes. Build a smokey fire by adding smoked hickory chips to medium hot coals. Place salmon on grill and close the top. Cook for 5 minutes and then turn and cook for 5 minutes more with the top closed. Remove the salmon and serve with a small bunch of watercress, peach vinaigrette and quesadillas., ingredients: [4 large ripe peaches, halved and seeded, 12 red onion, sliced, 3 tablespoons minced basil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 6 ounces rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 9 6inch tortillas, 4 large ripe peaches peeled, seeded and sliced 12inch thick, 1 red onion, sliced very thin, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and sliced thin, 14 cup basil chiffonade, 14 cup cilantro, 2 12 cups grated havarti cheese, Chile powder, 4 10 ounce salmon fillets, 2 inches thick, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 teaspoon chipotle powder, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Hot Smoked Salmon with Grilled Peach and Basil Vinaigrette and Grilled Peach Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 44692: {instructions: For the chorizo and bean topping: In a large heavy saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons oil on mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook until crisp, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and reserve. In a large heavy saute pan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil on mediumhigh heat. Add the beans and cook until warm, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and reserve.nFor the tortillas: Combine the corn masa, 1 14 cups water and salt in a large mixing bowl. Mix thoroughly by hand to form a soft dough, about 2 minutes. If the dough feels dry, add more water one tablespoon at a time. Preheat a 12inch castiron skillet. Place a piece of parchment paper on a flat surface. Put half of the dough onto the parchment paper and place another piece of parchment paper on top. Using a rolling pin, roll out the dough until it is 14inch thick and 10 inches in diameter. Drizzle the oil into the hot skillet and place the rolled out masa dough into the skillet to cook for about 2 minutes. Turn over to cook on the other side.nTo assemble the pizza: Spread 12 cup of the warm refried beans onto the cooked side of dough. Add 14 cup Oaxaca cheese and 12 cup cooked chorizo. Continue to cook for until the cheese is melted, another 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the pizza from the pan onto a round serving platter. Top with the iceberg lettuce. Season with salt and pepper. Then sprinkle with crumbled queso fresco and a drizzle of Mexican crema. Cut into 4inch squares and serve immediately. Repeat with the remaining half of dough and toppings., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 5 ounces raw pork chorizo, One 16ounce canned refried black beans, 2 cups instant corn masa, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup Oaxaca cheese, Iceberg lettuce, shredded, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crumbled queso fresco, Mexican crema], title: Mexican Chorizo Pizza Tlayuda, picturelink: null}, 44693: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, combine the vinegar, lime juice, honey and cumin. Slowly whisk in the oil until incorporated. Season with salt and pepper.nMix the mango, pepper, beans, jalapeno and onion together in a large bowl. Drizzle the vinaigrette over the ingredients and toss to combine. Season the salad with salt and pepper. Garnish with the cilantro., ingredients: [14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 13 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 small ripe mango, peeled and diced into 14inch pieces, 12 yellow bell pepper, cut into small dice, 1 14.5ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 small jalapeno, seeds and ribs removed, minced, 1 small red onion, cut into small dice, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped], title: Black Bean Salad with Mango, Cilantro and Lime, picturelink: null}, 44694: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brush honey mustard all over salmon. Season both sides of salmon with onion flakes and black pepper. Place cashews in a shallow dish, add four of the salmon fillets and turn to coat.nPlace all salmon fillets in hot skillet and cook 3 minutes per side, until forktender.nHeat remaining olive oil in separate large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook 1 minute. Add bok choy and cook 2 minutes, until greens wilt but stalks are still crisptender. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nServe the cashewcrusted salmon with this meal and reserve 2 uncrusted fillets for another meal., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 6 salmon fillets, 13 cup honey mustard, 2 tablespoons onion flakes, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup finely chopped dryroasted cashews, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 bunch bok choy, rinsed well and chopped], title: CashewCrusted Salmon with Bok Choy, picturelink: FgkxEYdZIFjSCVZqr7Xu7e7NvWXUcy}, 44695: {instructions: Prepare Currant Coulis: Place currants in a small saucepan with the water and sugar. Bring to a boil and cook gently for 10 to 12 minutes, or until soft. Puree through a food mill, and add currant vodka and a little more water if its too thick. Set aside.nPrepare Fried Camembert: Slice cheese into 6 wedges and refrigerate until very cold and firm. Beat eggs in a bowl and place flour and bread crumbs in separate individual bowls. When cheese is cold, dip each wedge, one at a time, in flour, patting off any excess. Then dip in eggs, drain, and coat with bread crumbs. Be meticulous about covering every spot of cheese. Reserve coated cheese on a platter in freezer for 10 minutes.nDip each wedge in eggs and bread crumbs again, being careful to drain the eggs and thoroughly coat with bread crumbs. Place in freezer for another 10 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat oil in a large stockpot or saucepan to deepfry temperature 350 degrees F. Fry wedges, three at a time, until golden brown, about 1 minute. Do not stir, since the breading is easily broken. Carefully remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Transfer to a large roasting pan and bake for 5 minutes.nTo serve, coat each plate with Currant Coulis. Top with wedge of cheese and serve immediately, accompanied by a shot of black currant vodka., ingredients: [2 pints fresh or frozen red currants, stemmed and washed, or frozen or fresh raspberries, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon currant vodka, 1 12 pounds Camembert cheese, 3 eggs, 1 cup flour, 1 cup fine dry bread crumbs, 4 cups peanut oil for frying], title: Fried Camembert Cheese with Currant Coulis, picturelink: null}, 44696: {instructions: Soak the noodles in enough hot water to cover by 1 inch for 20 minutes. Use kitchen shears to cut the noodles into 3 to 4inch pieces and drain thoroughly in a colander for 10 minutes.nCombine the soy sauce, rice wine, and chili paste in a medium bowl and whisk until smooth. Add the cornstarch and whisk until combined. Add the pork and mix until thoroughly integrated. Set aside for 30 minutes.nPlace a 12inch saute pan over high heat for 1 minute. Add the oil and swirl to coat the bottom and sides of the pan. Once the oil shimmers, add the meat mixture. Stir constantly for 2 minutes, breaking the meat up into very small pieces. Add 23 of the green onions and continue cooking and stirring until the meat is well browned and in very small pieces, approximately 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumhigh and add the broth. Cook until reduced, approximately 3 minutes.nSlowly add handfuls of the noodles to the pan, tossing with the meat mixture until combined and the pieces of meat cling to the noodles and no liquid remains. Serve immediately with the remaining green onions., ingredients: [4 12 ounces mung bean noodles, 2 ounces soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine, 1 tablespoon sambal chili paste, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 10 ounces ground pork, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 4 green onions, chopped, divided, 12 cup chicken broth], title: Ants in Trees, picturelink: null}, 44697: {instructions: 1. Heat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Brush the zucchini with the oil or butter and season with salt and pepper. Grill, turning once until just soft, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Halve the grilled zucchini so they will fit into the tortillas.n2. Heat a skillet over medium heat and add about 1 tablespoon of the oil or butter. Lay a tortilla in the skillet and paint a light covering more or less depending on your taste of the Ancho Chile Paste over the tortilla. Scatter or lay a slice of cheese just big enough to cover half the tortilla about 12 ounce. Then add a strip or 2 of zucchini and some scallion slices and cover with another layer of cheese. Cook until the tortilla softens, about 1 minute. Fold the tortilla over into a half moon. Flip and cook on each side until golden brown and crisp and the cheese melts, adding more oil or butter if the pan gets dry, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.n3.Cut the quesadillas into wedges and serve with the Charred Tomato Salsa.n1. Stem, seed and pull the chiles in half. Toast the pieces in a dry skillet over medium heat, turning until fragrant and blistered but not charred, about 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl of boiling water and set aside to soften, 30 to 40 minutes.n2. Put the chiles in a blender with the salt not a food processor, it wont be fine enough and puree until very smooth. Add some of the soaking water, about 12 cup, if needed to engage the blender. Strain if desired.n3. Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the paste and fry, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the mixture is thick, 3 to 5 minutes. Cool and store in the refrigerator for up to 1 month.n1. Position rack in the upper part of the oven and preheat the broiler. Line a small broiler pan with foil.n2. Place the tomatoes and jalapeno in the pan and broil, turning them as needed, until the skins blacken and split, 15 to 20 minutes. Wrap completely in aluminum foil and cool.3. Core the tomatoes and stem the jalapeno remove the seeds if you want to temper the heat. Puree the tomatoes, skins and all, with the jalapeno, oil, garlic and scallions and in a blender to make a smooth sauce. Pulse in the cilantro. Transfer the sauce to a bowl and stir in 12 teaspoon salt. The salsa thickens a bit if prepared ahead and chilled stir to loosen it up before serving., ingredients: [2 zucchini or summer squash, sliced lengthwise 14inch thick, About 3 tablespoons olive oil or melted butter or a combination, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 white corn tortillas, 14 to 12 cup Ancho Chile Paste, recipe follows, or storebought, 8 ounces thinly sliced or shredded Manchego cheese, 2 scallions, white and green parts, very thinly sliced, Charred Tomato Salsa, recipe follows, or your favorite green or red salsa, 6 dried ancho or pasilla chiles or a mixture, 1 teaspoon Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil or lard, 4 ripe medium tomatoes about 1 pound, 1 jalapeno, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 scallion, white and green parts chopped, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, Kosher salt], title: Grilled Squash Quesadillas with a Charred Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 44698: {instructions: Prepare the pork: Combine the ale, fivespice powder, cayenne and salt and black pepper to taste in a large resealable plastic bag. Reserve 14 cup marinade for the slaw. Add the pork to the bag and mix well. Refrigerate 2 to 6 hours.nMake the glaze: Heat the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until golden, about 2 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon each stout and brown sugar and cook 4 minutes. Add all but 2 tablespoons of the remaining stout, the honey, the remaining 34 cup plus 3 tablespoons brown sugar and the ginger. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring, then lower the heat to medium and simmer until reduced by half, 15 to 20 minutes. Whisk the remaining 2 tablespoons stout and the cornstarch in a bowl slowly stir into the glaze and boil 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Remove the pork from the marinade and transfer to a baking dish. Bake until a thermometer inserted into the center registers 160 degrees F, 35 to 45 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the slaw: Whisk the soy sauce, honey, garlic and ginger in a large bowl. Whisk in the reserved 14 cup marinade. Add the cabbage, bell peppers, carrots and onion and toss. Refrigerate until ready to serve, at least 30 minutes.nSlice the pork and serve with the slaw. Drizzle both the pork and slaw with the glaze.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 12ounce bottle pale ale preferably Bass, 12 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds pork tenderloin, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 small sweet onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12ounce bottle stout beer preferably Guinness, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup honey, 1 teaspoon minced peeled ginger, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon minced peeled ginger, 12 head green cabbage, shredded, 2 medium bell peppers red, orange andor yellow, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, cut into matchsticks or shredded, 1 large sweet onion, quartered and thinly sliced], title: BlackandTan Pork With Spicy Ale Slaw, picturelink: cykjrsmZoJ7izy71NpGh1fhJh9hJy}, 44699: {instructions: Sprinkle the gelatin in 12 cup water. Let stand about 2 minutes to soften. Microwave on high for 45 seconds. Stir for 15 seconds, until the gelatin is dissolved.nIn a 2quart saucepan, heat the evaporated milk until hot, making sure not to boil. Whisk in the cajeta until smooth and evenly incorporated. Stir in the gelatin mixture to the cajeta mixture and turn the heat off to cool slightly.nIn a large mixing bowl, using a hand mixer, or in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, add the cream cheese and beat on medium speed while slowly adding 13 cup of the cajeta cream to temper the cream cheese and avoid curdling or separation. Gradually add the remaining cajeta cream and continue beating until smooth. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl and beat again until fully incorporated and frothy. Strain the cream into a glass pitcher or into a 4cup liquid measure, maintaining as much froth as possible. Pour 1 cup of the cream into each of the 4 wine glasses.nGarnish with 3 to 5 fresh raspberries the raspberries will remain afloat in the froth. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight., ingredients: [1 envelope unflavored gelatin, or onequarter of a 1ounce package, One 12ounce can evaporated milk, 1 34 cup cajeta or caramel, 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, Fresh raspberries, for garnish], title: Cajeta Gelatin, picturelink: CoMCZvA6yOd3EZYIfpNcBCrAa2AN7Su}}