{4200: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallion whites, zucchini, eggplant and red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables soften, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and season with salt and pepper. Continue cooking until the garlic is softened, about 1 more minute.nStir the tomatoes, beans and their liquid and 12 cup basil into the skillet and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce thickens, 6 to 8 minutes.nReduce the heat to medium low to maintain a gentle simmer. Make 8 wells in the sauce and crack 1 egg into each well season each with salt and pepper. Cover and cook until the egg whites are set but the yolks are still runny, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and top with the scallion greens and the remaining 12 cup basil. Drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Serve with the baguette.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 scallions, chopped white and green parts separated, 1 medium zucchini or yellow squash, chopped, 1 small or 12 large eggplant, chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 15ounce can petite diced tomatoes, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans do not drain, 1 cup torn fresh basil, 8 large eggs, 4 large baguette slices], title: Ratatouille Skillet Eggs, picturelink: 7b1iL7juzuDEC3EtcUElMDWgh8VO4i}, 4201: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large Dutch oven over mediumlow heat, add the bacon and cook until it renders its fat and almost becomes crispy. Remove it with a slotted spoon to a plate. Add the onions, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook over low heat until they are deep in color and caramelized, about 30 minutes.nRemove the onions to a plate, leaving as much fat in the pot as possible. Add the vegetable oil and mix it with the bacon fat. Raise the heat to high. Season the beef liberally with salt and pepper and sear, in batches, until nicely browned on both sides.nOnce the meat is browned, add the first batch of meat back to the pan along with the onions, carrots and bacon. Sprinkle in the flour and stir. Cook for 1 minute before deglazing the pan with the beer. Add the remaining ingredients and bring the mixture to a simmer. Cover the pot and put it in the oven to braise until the beef is tender, about 2 hours. Remove the pot from the oven and transfer the pot roast to a serving dish., ingredients: [12 pound slab bacon, cut into large lardons, 2 medium onions, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 12 pounds beef chuck, cut into large cubes, 5 carrots, peeled and cut into large chunks, Generous tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 ounces beer dark or light, depending on your preference, 6 prunes, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 cup beef stock], title: Pot Roast Carbonnade, picturelink: XUk50pUUwT7K7f1YtuymI0GcIFuFZOq}, 4202: {instructions: To a casserole pan add butter. When butter is hot stir in onions and saute until caramelized. Pour browned onions into a sieve over a bowl and let drain. Pour the fat from the onions back into the casserole and when the fat is hot add beef, and remove as slices become brown. Drain in the sieve with the onions.nIn the same casserole, stir in the brown sugar and add the flour. When a roux has formed, stir in mustard and add beer slowly to deglaze the pan. Add beef stock and season with salt and pepper. Pour liquid into a bowl.nLayer the casserole with the meat and onions, making 3 layers of meat, sandwiching 2 layers of onions. Add a bay leaf and a teaspoon of mixed herbs on each layer of onions. Pour beef sauce back into the casserole. Add more beer to cover the meat if necessary. Bring casserole to a boil, cover and bake in a 300 degree oven for 3 hours. Skim off fat, season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound onions, sliced, 2 pounds lean beef, shoulder or round, cut into 14inch thick slices, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 cups dark beer, preferably Liefmans Goudenband, 1 cup beef stock, Salt and pepper, 1 bay leaf, 2 teaspoons mixed dried herbs, crumbled thyme, rosemary, sage], title: Carbonade Flamande, picturelink: null}, 4203: {instructions: Slice the tuna in three thin paillards and marinate in the white wine, thyme, salt, and pepper. Lightly coat the radicchio wedges in salt, pepper and olive oil and grill until tender and slightly charred. Grill the pancetta until caramelized and crispy. Dice and set aside. Place radicchio in a bowl with the pancetta, green olives, balsamic and a drizzle of olive oil and toss to coat. Grill the lemon wedge. Grill the paillards of tuna on one side only until cooked to medium rare. Place radicchio salad in the center of the plate then add the tuna. Garnish with a drizzle of the marinade and top with the grilled lemon., ingredients: [6 ounces albacore or ahi tuna, 2 ounces white wine, 3 sprigs thyme, Salt and pepepr, to taste, 1 small head radicchio, cut into 4 wedges, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for cooking, 1 slice pancetta, 5 green pitted olives, 1 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 Meyer lemon wedge 14 lemon], title: Grilled Marinated Tuna with Radicchio Balsamic and Meyer Lemon, picturelink: null}, 4204: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stir the soup, milk, vegetables, chicken, noodles, Parmesan cheese and black pepper in a 1 12quart casserole.nBake for 25 minutes or until the chicken mixture is hot and bubbling. Stir the chicken mixture. Top with the cheese. Let stand until the cheese is melted.nServing Suggestion: Serve with a steamed vegetable blend: broccoli, cauliflower and carrots, and a Caesar salad. For dessert serve fresh strawberries topped with whipped topping.nFor Golden Onion Chicken  Noodle Casserole, substitute 12 cup crushed French fried onions for the Cheddar cheese.nFor Hearty Chicken Casserole with a Twist, substitute 2 cups cooked corkscrewshaped pasta for the egg noodles.nCost per recipe: 5.46, ingredients: [1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Mushroom Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 12 cup milk, 1 cup frozen mixed vegetables, 2 cups cubed cooked chicken, 2 cups medium egg noodles, cooked and drained, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup shredded Cheddar cheese], title: Hearty Chicken and Noodle Casserole, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 4205: {instructions: Pour the cream and milk into a heavy saucepan. Add the gelatin sheets.nPlace the pan over medium heat and stir until gelatin dissolves. Do not boil. Add sugar and honey and continue to stir until the sugar has melted.nJust before cream and milk come to a boil, remove the pan from the heat. Pour the mixture through a strainer into a bowl to remove foam and to ensure a velvety consistency.nLet cooked cream cool down and add 34 of the mango. Ladle into wine glasses and chill in the refrigerator for 6 hours.nAdd the remaining mango on top of the individual glasses as garnish just before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup milk, 3 unflavored gelatin sheets or leaves, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 fresh mango, peeled and cubed], title: Panna Cotta al Mango, picturelink: null}, 4206: {instructions: Chicken:nIn large bowl whisk together all the souvlaki ingredients, except the chicken. Reserve 1 12 tablespoons for Round 2 Recipe Greek Flat Bread. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Cover and let marinate for at least 30 minutes or up to overnight in the refrigerator.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Remove the chicken from the marinade and add to the pan. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, about 10 to 12 minutes.nIn a medium bowl combine all the tzatziki sauce ingredients and set aside.nDivide the dough into 4 equal portions. On a floured work surface, roll out each portion into 6 to 7 inches in diameter and about 18inch thick.nPreheat a grill pan or grill over medium heat.nGrill the dough for 2 to 3 minutes per side. The pitas should be cooked through but still pliable and not too crispy.nTo Assemble:nPut a grilled pita onto a plate, top with some cooked chicken, lettuce, tomato, onion and some tzatziki sauce. Repeat with remaining ingredients and arrange on a serving platter., ingredients: [2 tablespoons freshly chopped dill leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds split chicken breast, bone and skin removed, sliced into 1inch pieces, 1 small cucumber, diced, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped dill leaves, 1 8ounce container plain yogurt, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1pound bag refrigerator pizza dough, at room temperature, Flour, 5 large romaine leaves, chopped, 1 tomato, chopped, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced], title: Chicken Souvlaki with Grilled Pita, picturelink: null}, 4207: {instructions: Place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or prepare the barbecue mediumhigh heat. Lightly brush the grill pan or rack with oil. Place the peaches on the grill pan and do not move the peaches, otherwise you will not have those great grill marks. It takes about 2 to 3 minutes per side to get those grill marks. Grill the peaches until the grill marks are formed, slightly softened and heated through, about 5 to 6 minutes total.nMeanwhile, stir the sugar, brandy, and lemon juice in a medium bowl to blend. Set the brandy mixture aside.nAs the peaches are ready, remove them from the grill and place them in a shallow baking dish. Top them with the brandy mixture, and toss to coat. Set aside for 15 minutes and allow to marinate, tossing occasionally.nMeanwhile, stir the mascarpone and vanilla in a small bowl to blend.nDivide the grilled peach mixture equally among 6 coupe dishes. Pour the wine over the peaches. Dollop the mascarpone mixture atop the peaches, and serve., ingredients: [Olive oil, 3 firm but ripe peaches, pitted, quartered, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons brandy, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, room temperature, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup dry white wine], title: Grilled Peaches with Mascarpone Cheese, picturelink: DqNded0yTs60Q4X88TlJnTfuuIiJsOK}, 4208: {instructions: Microwave all ingredients except sour cream in large microwaveable bowl on high 6 to 8 min. or until VELVEETA is melted, stirring after 3 min.nStir in sour cream.nServe hot with crackers or assorted cutup fresh vegetables recommended: WHEAT THINS BIG SNACK CRACKERSnFor a little heat, stir in 12 tsp. crushed red pepper before microwaving.nNutrition Information Per Serving: 70 calories, 5g total fat, 3g saturated fat, 0g trans fat, 25mg cholesterol, 340mg sodium, 3g carbohydrate, 0g dietary fiber, 2g sugars, 5g protein, 6DV vitamin A, 8DV vitamin C, 15DV calcium, 0DV iron., ingredients: [1 lb. 16 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 pkg. 6 oz. grilled chicken breast strips, chopped recommended: OSCAR MAYER Deli Fresh Grilled Chicken Breast Strips, 14 cup each chopped green and red peppers, 1 small onion, chopped, 12 cup sour cream recommended: BREAKSTONES or KNUDSEN], title: VELVEETA Easy Cheesy Fajita Dip, picturelink: null}, 4209: {instructions: Prepare the grill so that the temperature on 1 side is hot and the other is just mediumlow you should be able to hold your hand 5 inches about the grill for about 5 seconds.nWhisk together the vinegar, rosemary, and salt and pepper, to taste. Slowly whisk in the olive oil.nPeel the eggplant and cut crosswise into 13inch slices 12 slices total. Cut the tomatoes crosswise into 13inch slices 8 slices total. Put the vegetables on a tray and brush generously with the dressing.nOn the grills hot side, grill the eggplant until just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side, brushing with more of the dressing. Grill the tomato slices for 1 minute per side. The vegetables should retain their shape. Transfer the vegetables to a tray as they finish grilling.nArrange 4 stacks of vegetables on the cooler side of the grill: start with the eggplant, add a slice of tomato, then add some crumbled cheese. Repeat. Cover the grill and cook the stacks or 3 to 5 more minutes or until the feta melts. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium eggplant 1 pound, 2 medium tomatoes 34 pound, 14 pound feta cheese, crumbled], title: Grilled Eggplant, Tomato and Feta Stacks, picturelink: 12NcNQ2I1JKhVIkMeOrJ07ol19hY8CW}, 4210: {instructions: Place chips in the bottoms of cones to plug up the dripprone hole at the bottom. Let the ice cream rest 15 minutes at room temperature to soften or soften in microwave 10 seconds on high for each pint. Place the ice cream scoop in very hot water for a couple of minutes. Scoop the ice cream into cones and serve., ingredients: [6 sugar wafer ice cream cones, 12 cup mini chocolate chips, 2 to 3 pints of some of the new, funky flavors out there, Very hot water], title: IScream Cones, picturelink: null}, 4211: {instructions: Rinse the okra thoroughly in cold water. Place into steaming basket over 1 to 2 inches of boiling water. Cover and cook until tender, but crisp, about 5 minutes. Toss with butter and salt. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound medium okra pods, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Steamed Okra, picturelink: null}, 4212: {instructions: Combine the pear juice, bourbon and vanilla in a cocktail shaker with ice and shake. Strain into 4 highball glasses with ice. Top each cocktail with some sparkling lemonade and garnish with a lemon wheel., ingredients: [8 ounces pear juice, 6 ounces bourbon, 12 vanilla bean, scraped, 8 ounces sparkling lemonade, 4 lemon wheels], title: VanillaScented Pear and Bourbon Spritz, picturelink: rqg8RsuMxPEOQIKHmzECOxkWFKwFr6q}, 4213: {instructions: In a large pot of boiling water, blanch the broccoli rabe over high heat for about 4 minutes. Using tongs or a slotted spoon lift from the water and set aside to cool. When cool, chop coarsely. Bring the water back to a boil and cook the sausage for about 15 minutes, until cooked through. Using tongs or a slotted spoon, remove the sausage from the water and immediately plunge in cold water to stop the cooking. When cool, remove the meat from the casing and crumble. You should have 6 cups of sausage. In a large saute pan, over medium high heat, heat the olive oil and cook the garlic for about 30 seconds, until browned. Add the broccoli rabe and red pepper flakes to the pan and season to taste with salt. Cook for 6 to 7 minutes, until very tender. In a bowl, mix together the Romano and fontina cheeses. Spread about 34 cup of the Romanofontina mixture over each pizza crust, top each with equal amounts of broccoli rabe and sausage and then slide them back to the edge of the hot section of the grill. Rotate them for every 3 to 4 minutes until the bottoms are evenly golden brown. Cut the pizzas and serve.nMix the water, yeast, and molasses in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook. Let this stand for 12 minutes to activate the yeast the water will foam slightly. Add the salt and oil to the bowl and mix well. With mixer on low speed add the all purpose flour and the whole wheat flour to the bowl and mix until all the flour is absorbed and the dough pulls away from the side of the bowl. Remove the dough from the bowl and cut the dough into 6 5 12 ounce portions. Roll the portioned dough into balls and place on an oiled baking pan. Brush the ball lightly with olive oil and cover with plastic wrap. If you are going to use the dough right away let the dough sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before using. You can store the dough after portioning for 1 day in the refrigerator, but you must let sit at room temperature for 1 hour before using., ingredients: [2 pounds broccoli rabe, 2 pounds hot or mild sausage, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 12 teaspoons crushed red flakes, 2 14 cups grated Romano cheese, 2 14 cups grated fontina cheese, Kosher salt, to taste, 1 recipe pizza crust, divided into six pieces recipe follows, 11 ounces lukewarm water, 1 teaspoon fresh yeast, 1 tablespoon molasses, 2 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 12 tablespoons olive oil, 3 12 cups all purpose flour, 13 cup whole wheat flour], title: Pizza with Brocoli Rabe and Sausage, picturelink: null}, 4214: {instructions: For the sauce: Saute peppercorns, onions, garlic, and chile in olive oil over medium heat for a few minutes. Add vinegar and Worcestershire and reduce by 12. Add molasses, tomato paste and beef stock. Simmer for 30 to 45 minutes to reduce by 13. Let cool and store until needed.nSeason each chop with salt and pepper and grill or broil, until desired doneness. Meanwhile, heat the butter in a saute pan until it starts to brown. Turn down heat to a simmer and add spatzle and spinach. Cook for a few minutes until the spatzle is warm. Serve with green peppercorn sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons green peppercorns, 12 cup small diced onion, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon red chile flakes, 1 ounce olive oil, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup molasses, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 quarts dark beef stock, 4 20 ounce double cut pork chops, Salt and pepper, 2 ounces butter, 2 cups prepared frozen spatzle, 1 cup spinach chiffonade], title: da Pork Chop, picturelink: null}, 4215: {instructions: Season lamb pieces with salt and pepper. In a heavybottomed Dutch oven, heat olive oil over medium heat. Add lamb pieces 5 to 6 at a time and brown on all sides. Remove and repeat for all lamb. When lamb is cooked, add onions and smoked pancetta and cook until onion is softened and starting to brown, about 9 to 11 minutes. Add rosemary, thyme, caraway and fennel and stir to blend. Add wine, tomato paste, chicken stock and tomato sauce and bring to a boil. Add lamb and juices on plate and return to boil. Lower heat, cover and simmer 1 hour, or until meat is tender. Remove cover, check seasoning and serve with soft polenta.nSaute the onion and garlic in the olive oil over medium heat until translucent, but not brown about 10 minutes. Add the thyme and carrot and cook 5 minutes more. Add the tomatoes. Bring to a boil, lower the heat to just bubbling, stirring occasionally for 30 minutes. Season with salt to taste. Serve immediately, or set aside for further use. The sauce may be refrigerated for up to one week or frozen for up to 6 months.nIn a 4quart saucepan, place cool water over high heat and bring water to a boil. Season with salt and pepper. Add polenta in a thin stream, whisking constantly. When all polenta is in, pull pot to front of burner, remove whisk, and start stirring with a wooden spoon., ingredients: [2 pounds lamb shoulder meat, cut into 2inch by 1inch cubes, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, sliced 14inch thick, 4 ounces smoked pancetta, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 thyme sprig, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 34 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup basic tomato sauce, recipe follows, 1 recipe basic soft polenta, recipe follows, 1 Spanish onion, cut into 14inch dice, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 ounces virgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons fresh thyme or 2 tablespoons dried, 12 medium carrot, finely shredded, 2 28ounce cans of tomatoes, crushed and mixed well with their juices, Salt, to taste, 4 cups water, 1 cup polenta], title: Lamb Squazetto with Soft Polenta, picturelink: null}, 4216: {instructions: In a large skillet, melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot and cook for 1 minute then add the asparagus. Cook for 5 minutes and season with a little salt and pepper. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, thinly sliced on a bias, 1 large shallot, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Panfried Asparagus with Shallots, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 4217: {instructions: Make the donut batter: Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the eggs and sugar in a medium bowl until the sugar is dissolved, then whisk in the sour cream, milk and vanilla until combined. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and stir in the wet ingredients until just combined the batter will be lumpy. Fold in the butter. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and rest the batter for at least 15 minutes.nMake the cinnamonsugar: Whisk together the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl set aside.nMake the vanilla glaze: Combine 2 tablespoons milk and the vanilla extract in a small bowl. Put the confectioners sugar in a small bowl. Slowly whisk the milk mixture into the confectioners sugar until smooth. If the mixture doesnt fall in a slow ribbon when you lift the whisk, drizzle in some of the remaining milk until it does.nMake the chocolate ganache: Put the chocolate in a heatsafe bowl. Bring the cream to a simmer. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate, shake the bowl to evenly cover the chocolate with hot cream and let the mixture sit for 1 minute before whisking until smooth. Set aside keep warm.nFinish the waffle donuts: Heat the waffle iron according to the manufacturers instructions. Lightly coat the waffle grid with nonstick pan spray and add 14 cup of batter to each waffle grid. Close the iron and cook until the waffles are lightly goldenbrown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the waffles to a cutting board and repeat with the remaining batter.nSet a cooling rack over a rimmed baking sheet. Heat 3 inches of oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat until the oil reaches 350 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Use a 3inch cookie cutter to stamp circles from the waffles then use a smaller cookie cutter to stamp out a smaller circle from the center of each waffle. Add 3 or 4 waffles to the oil and fry until goldenbrown and crisp, about 20 seconds on each side. Transfer the waffle donuts to the cooling rack and cool for just a few seconds before dipping both sides of each waffle donut in the cinnamon sugar. Repeat frying with the remaining waffles, dipping some of each of the following batch in the vanilla glaze and others in the chocolate ganache. Garnish the chocolate and vanilladipped waffle donuts with chopped nuts andor sprinkles and serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons granulated pure cane sugar, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, Nonstick pan spray, Canola oil, for frying, Toasted, chopped nuts, for garnishing, Chocolate or rainbow sprinkles, for garnishing, 12 cup granulated pure cane sugar, 1 heaping teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 to 4 tablespoons whole milk, 1 drop vanilla extract, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped], title: Glazed Waffle Donuts, picturelink: RKNIGoLHmicypKenPSU8GT0wcxVI1SW}, 4218: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the pork roast in a roasting pan with the ribs facing up, braced against each other. Add sage and thyme to olive oil. Brush the pork roasts with oil mixture and season with a generous amount of salt and pepper. Roast the pork loin for 2 12 hours, until the skin is crackled. Put the apples in the oven along with the pork roast in the last half hour of cooking.nRemove the pork roast to a cutting board and let it rest for 15 minutes before carving. Pour out some of the excess fat from the roasting pan and put it on the stove over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the flour into the hot pan juices, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or whisk to prevent lumps. Cook and stir the roux until its light brown. Add the cider and continue to stir to incorporate. Pour in the chicken broth boil and stir for 5 minutes until the sauce is thick. Check for seasoning  add lemon juice if necessary. Serve the cider gravy with the pork roast and baked apples.nTo make the buttered apples: Core the apples with an apple corer, making a good size cavity to hold the stuffing. Douse the cut sides of the apples with some of the lemon juice to prevent them from browning while you make the stuffing. In a mixing bowl, combine the softened butter, muffin crumbs, raisins, sage, garlic, brown sugar, salt, and pepper. Spoon the stuffing into the cavities of the cored apples stand them up, side by side, in a baking dish and sprinkle the tops with the reserved muffin crumbs. Pour the cider around the apples and bake for 30 to 35 minutes at 375 degrees F, until soft when pierced with a knife. Place the warm apples in the center of a round serving dish. Spoon the cider sauce around the apples and serve with the pork loin., ingredients: [2 5 pound pork loin roasts, rib bones attached, back bone chine removed, Small bunch sage, leaves chopped, Small bunch thyme, leaves chopped, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12ounce bottle hard cider, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 lemon, juiced optional, 8 Gala or Golden Delicious apples, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 or 2 large corn muffins crumbled 12 cup, reserve some for sprinkling on apples, 12 cup golden raisins, 6 sage leaves, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup dark brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup hard cider, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Roast Loin of Pork with Baked Apples and Cider Gravy, picturelink: NsYGqFwzefMYlCudLagsDsx5uGwXyXy}, 4219: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven 350 degrees F.nPlace hazelnuts on a baking sheet and bake for 12 to 15 minutes. Place toasted hazelnuts in a dish towel. Fold over and rub towel over nuts to remove skins.nSpoon pudding into tall parfait glasses, alternating flavors and colors. Top with banana chips and toasted hazelnuts. Using a vegetable peeler, peel chocolate from the bar, making chocolate curls. Sprinkle curls over parfaits and serve., ingredients: [12 cup hazelnuts, 4 cups pudding, any combination of tapioca, vanilla, or chocolate, 12 cup banana chips, 1 chocolate bar], title: Mixed Pudding Parfaits with Banana Chips and Chocolate Curls, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 4220: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees.nRoll out one half of pie dough, and line pie dish. Freeze additional pie dough for later use. Dock dough with a fork, line dough with parchment and fill pie crust with pie weights. Blind bake for 10 minutes, remove parchment and weights and cool crust on a rack. Do not brown the pie or over cook it at this stage. The blind baking will help to achieve a crisp crust.nCut squash in half. Scoop out and discard seeds. Lay squash halves, skin side down, on a baking sheet. Drizzle with syrup, cover with aluminum foil and bake until tender. Cool squash completely. Scoop out flesh of squash and puree in a food processor. Add cream, sugar and eggs, and pulse quickly. Combine cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, allspice and ginger and add to squash. Pulse to combine. Pour squash filling into pie dish. Bake for 15 minutes then reduce heat to 325 degrees. Bake until set, about 45 to 60 minutes. Cool and serve., ingredients: [Basic pie dough recipe, 2 pounds butternut squash, 12 cup maple syrup, 34 cup heavy cream, 34 cup sugar, 4 large eggs, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon allspice, 14 teaspoon ground ginger], title: Maple Roasted Winter Squash Pie, picturelink: null}, 4221: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven preheat to 400 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Make the shortcakes: Whisk the flour, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Using your fingers, rub the butter into the flour mixture until sandy. Add the chocolate. Whisk 1 egg, the cream and vanilla in a glass measuring cup stir into the flour mixture with a fork to make a shaggy dough there will be some dry bits. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface pat flat until 1 12 inches thick. Cut into 6 rounds with a knife or cookie cutter, using the scraps for the last cake.nPlace the rounds on the baking sheet freeze for 20 minutes. Beat the remaining egg brush onto the cakes and sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake until firm, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool.nMeanwhile, make the toppings: Toss half of the strawberries with half of the sugar in a bowl set aside. Place the other half of each in a saucepan cook over mediumlow heat, mashing with a fork to make a thick puree, about 10 minutes. Cool completely. Whip the cream with a mixer until medium peaks form swirl in the strawberry puree.nSplit the shortcakes in half. Layer some of the strawberry cream and reserved fruit on the bottoms cover with the shortcake tops. Finish with more strawberry cream and the remaining berries.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 3 ounces milk chocolate, roughly chopped, 2 large eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Raw or turbinado sugar, for sprinkling, 1 quart strawberries, hulled and halved or quartered if large about 3 cups if large, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Chocolate Strawberry Shortcakes, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 4222: {instructions: For the chicken and marinade: Place the chicken thighs in a bowl. Whisk together the lime juice, olive oil, ancho chili powder, Worcestershire sauce, cumin, garlic and black pepper in a small bowl and pour over the chicken. Cover the chicken and refrigerate overnight.nFor the chipotle honey sauce: Whisk together the honey, canola oil, ancho chile powder, chipotles, mustard, ground coriander, ground cumin and Spanish paprika. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the chicken well with salt and pepper and place the chicken thighs on the grill at a 45degree angle to establish good grill marks. Once the chicken easily releases from the grill, turn it over to continue cooking. Start brushing the thighs with the chipotle honey sauce every few minutes. Once the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F, or its juices run clear, about 8 minutes. Remove the chicken from the grill. Let the chicken rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Slice the chicken.nLayer the tortilla chips, top with sauce, chicken, relish and jalapenos.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Slowly whisk in 2 cups of the warm milk, increase the heat, bring to a boil and continue whisking until the sauce thickens and the flour taste has been cooked out, about 5 minutes.nRemove the sauce from the heat and slowly whisk in the cheese a handful at a time. Continue whisking until smooth. Season with salt and pepper and nutmeg. Set aside.nCombine the avocados, serrano, onions, lime juice, oil, honey and salt and pepper to taste in a medium bowl. Fold in the cilantro until combined.nBrush the jalapenos with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until charred all over, about 6 minutes., ingredients: [8 boneless chicken thighs, 12 cup lime juiceb, 12 cup light olive oil, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 1 cup honey, 14 cup canola oil, 4 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 to 3 tablespoons pureed canned chipotle chiles in adobo, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons Spanish paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Blue corn tortilla chips, for serving, Monterey Jack Cheese Sauce, recipe follows, Avocado Relish, recipe follows, Charred Jalapenos, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 2 to 2 12 cups whole milk, heated, 16 ounces Monterey jack, grated, 3 ripe Hass avocados, peeled, pitted and diced, 1 serrano or jalapeno chile, finely diced you can use more chiles if you want it spicier, 12 small red onion, finely diced, Juice of 2 limes, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 teaspoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 8 jalapeno chiles, Canola oil, for brushing], title: Grilled Chipotle HoneyGlazed Chicken Nachos with Monterey Jack Cheese Sauce, Avocado Relish and Charred Jalapenos, picturelink: M9.wb4owffriuhcvckVrWS0DiWDL.pS}, 4223: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the pasta according to package directions in lightly salted water. Drain and set aside.nSprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat the butter and olive oil over high heat in a large skillet. Add the chicken chunks in a single layer and do not stir for a minute or two in order to allow the chicken to brown on the first side. Flip the chicken and brown on the other side. Cook until done, and then remove the chicken from the skillet.nTurn the heat to medium. Add the garlic and quickly stir to avoid burning. After about 30 seconds, pour in the broth and wine, stirring to deglaze the skillet. Allow the liquid to bubble up, and then continue cooking until its reduced by at least half most of the surface of the liquid should be bubbling at this point.nTurn off the heat. Add the spinach, tomatoes, chicken, cooked pasta and Parmesan shavings to the skillet. Toss to combine the spinach will wilt as you toss everything.nAdd more Parmesan shavings and serve immediately Serve with extra Parmesan shavings., ingredients: [1 pound penne, Salt, 4 whole boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into bitesize chunks, Ground pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup lowsodium broth, more if needed, 34 cup dry white wine, 1 bag baby spinach, 2 cups grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 4 ounces Parmesan, shaved with a vegetable peeler, plus more for serving], title: Chicken Florentine Pasta, picturelink: MbHnWTzNi.q2qch7gKsdJ3c3UyT51Qm}, 4224: {instructions: In halfbatches, combine all ingredients in blender and blend on high until smooth. The frozen fruits will make the smoothies extra cold and frothy, too, ingredients: [2 large, ripe bananas, sliced, 2 cups frozen sliced strawberries, slightly defrosted in microwave, just to break up the block a bit, 2 cups sliced frozen peaches, slightly defrosted in microwave, just to break up the block a bit, 2 cups strawberry banana lowfat custard yogurt, 2 cups milk], title: FrothyChilly Fruit Smoothies, picturelink: DFaHATD8VZuhpEpE5FTABu70fSez0yK}, 4225: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed saucepan, combine all the ingredients. Heat until the mixture begins to simmer. Decrease to medium low heat and let the mixture steep and reduce but do not let boil to 8 cups, about 1 hour. Refrigerate until cold.nPour reduced liquid into a shallow pan. Freeze, stirring every 12 hour, until hard, about 3 to 4 hours., ingredients: [10 cups unfiltered apple cider, Peel of 1 orange, 2 cinnamon sticks, Large pinch grated nutmeg, 6 whole cloves, 12 cup Calvados or apple brandy, 2 12 cups sugar syrup 2 cups water and 12 cup sugar, heated until sugar dissolves, 4 cups sparkling cider, 4 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Apple Cider Ice, picturelink: null}, 4226: {instructions: Simmer the husks in water to cover for about 10 minutes. Weight with a plate to keep them submerged, and leave to soak for 1 or 2 hours, or until they are completely flexible. Place the raisins in a small bowl, cover them with the apple juice, and leave to macerate. With an electric mixer, beat the lard or butter until it is light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Add the sugar and half of the fresh masa, and beat them into the mixture. Little by little, alternate adding the milk and the remaining masa, beating in between each addition, until the mixture is the consistency of thick batter. Beat in the salt, baking powder, and cinnamon and continue beating for 1 minute longer.nSeparate out 12 of the largest and most flexible husks, they should be at least 6 inches wide and 6 or 7 inches long. Reserve the remaining husks for tieing the tamales. If there arent enough large husks, overlap them to give a nice wide surface to spread the dough on. Pat the leaves dry with a tea towel. Place about 13 cup of the batter in the center of each husk, top with a few raisins use a slotted spoon to remove the raisins from the apple juice and figs, and wrap and tie the husks as usual to enclose the dough. Steam the tamales for 2 12 hours, or until they come easily free of the wrappers. Cool slightly and serve, with crema and chopped mango or papaya, if desired, ingredients: [1 8ounce package corn husks, 13 cup raisins or currants, 12 cup apple juice, 12 cup lard or butter, at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 1 pound fresh masa for tamales, storebought, 12 cup milk at room temperature, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup chopped dried figs, Crema, for serving optional, recipe follows, 1 peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped mango or, Papaya, for serving optional], title: Tamales de Dulce, picturelink: null}, 4227: {instructions: Heat the milk and halfandhalf in a saucepan on medium heat to just below the simmering point. Remove the pan from the heat and add both chocolates. When the chocolates are melted, add the sugar, vanilla extract, and espresso and whisk vigorously. Reheat gently and serve immediately. Use a vanilla bean or cinnamon stick to garnish each serving., ingredients: [2 12 cups whole milk, 2 cups halfandhalf, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 4 ounces milk chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon instant espresso or coffee powder, 4 to 5 vanilla beans or cinnamon sticks, for garnish], title: Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 4228: {instructions: 2 cups pankon3 kaffir lime leavesn2 tablespoons dried lemongrassnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the Green Curry Sauce:nCombine the coconut milk, fish sauce, clam juice, white wine, kaffir lime leaves, garlic, shallots, lemongrass, ginger and green curry paste into a saucepot. Reduce by 13 over medium heat. Add brown sugar and lime juice. Strain through chinois.nFor the Gingered Basmati Rice:nSweat the carrots, celery, yellow onion and fresh ginger in a medium saucepot. Add basmati rice and toast. Add water and turmeric, and bring to a boil then cover. Finish in the preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes.nFor the StirFried Vegetables:nHeat saute pan on mediumhigh heat. Saute vegetables in oil or butter until al dente.nFor the LemongrassPanko Crust:nAdd panko bread crumbs, kaffir lime leaves and dried lemongrass to food processor and pulse until uniform. Sift through china cap to remove any large chunks.nFor the Chili Oil:nToast cayenne pepper and paprika in a saute pan over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Add grapeseed oil, remove from heat and let steep for about 5 minutes. Strain through coffee filter.nFor the Sea Bass:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a cast iron skillet on med to mediumlow. Crust 1 side of the sea bass with the panko mixture. Season the other side of the fish with salt and pepper. Cook the fish, panko side down, in grapeseed oil until golden brown, about 5 to 7 minutes. Flip the fish and finish in the preheated oven until done about 6 to 7 minutes depending on the thickness of the fish.nServe the fish with the sauce alongside the rice and vegetables., ingredients: [2 cups coconut milk, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 12 cup clam juice, 14 white wine, 2 kaffir lime leaves, 1 tablespoon garlic, 2 shallots, 1 stalk lemongrass, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, 1 ounce green curry paste, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup lime juice, 14 cup carrot, small dice, 14 cup celery, small dice, 14 cup yellow onion, small dice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, 1 cup basmati rice, 3 cups water, 12 tablespoon turmeric, 12 cup zucchini squash, julienne, 12 cup yellow squash, julienne, 14 cup carrots, julienne, 12 cup red bell peppers julienne, Oil or butter, 14 cup cayenne pepper, 14 cup paprika, 1 cup grapeseed oil, 4 6ounce sea bass fillets, Grapeseed oil], title: LemongrassPanko Crusted Sea Bass, picturelink: null}, 4229: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Trim the stem ends from the Brussels sprouts, and halve lengthwise. Put them in a medium bowl, and toss with 1 teaspoon salt.nLay the bacon strips next to each other on a work surface. Brush liberally with about 12 the maple syrup, then halve crosswise. Wrap each Brussels sprout half with 1 strip of bacon, syrupside out, so the seam is on the flat side. Place the sprouts seamside down on a rimmed baking sheet, leaving a bit of space between them. Brush them with a bit more syrup, and grind a little black pepper on top. Roast, rotating the baking sheet halfway through, until the bacon is crisp and the sprouts are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix the mayonnaise, most of the lemon zest and all the lemon juice in a small serving dish. Sprinkle the remaining lemon zest on top. Put about 12 cup maple syrup in a second small serving dish, and stir in as much black pepper and crushed red pepper flakes as you like.nTransfer the sprouts to a platter, and serve with the lemon mayonnaise and peppered maple syrup, for dipping., ingredients: [18 medium Brussels sprouts about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 12ounce package centercut bacon about 18 strips, 14 cup pure maple syrup, plus 12 cup more for serving, 12 cup mayonnaise, Zest of 12 lemon, plus 2 teaspoons juice, Crushed red pepper flakes], title: BaconWrapped Brussels Sprouts with Creamy Lemon Dip, picturelink: null}, 4230: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make meatballs: Saute shallot and garlic in olive oil and let cool. Combine all ingredients together and mix well. Scoop into 1ounce meatballs and shape by hand. Place on a sheet pan and bake for 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. After meatballs have cooled, trim off the top and bottom so that the meatballs lay flat and the pasta piles can rest on top.nTo make the Angel Hair Piles: Melt the butter in a heavy bottomed saucepan. Add the flour stirring continuously. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes on low heat. Add heavy cream while constantly whisking. Turn off heat once the cream starts to boil and thicken. Whisk in cheese. Gently mix the cream sauce and the truffle oil with the pasta and season with salt and pepper. Using a cocktail fork or fondue fork gather about 10 to 12 strands of pasta and roll into a pile small enough to fit on top of each meatball.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTo assemble: Place each pile of pasta on a meatball. When completed, cover and heat in the oven for 2 to 3 minutes. Place on a serving tray and garnish with small oregano leaves., ingredients: [3 14 tablespoons minced shallot, 34 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound ground beef, 3 14 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 egg, 1 12 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon port wine, 1 pinch fresh ground pepper, 1 pinch salt, 3 14 tablespoons Parmesan, 2 tablespoons bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup Parmesan, 2 tablespoons white truffle oil, 6 ounces cooked angel hair pasta, Sea salt and fresh ground pepper, Fresh oregano leaves], title: Meatballs with Angel Hair Pasta, picturelink: null}, 4231: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 small mason jarsnCombine the espresso, flavored simple syrup, and milk in a small pitcher. Fill each of the mason jars with crushed ice. Pour the latte mixture over the ice and serve immediately.nIn a saucepan combine water, sugar, and cinnamon sticks over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes, until the sugar has dissolved. Take the pan off the heat and cool the syrup. Any extra cooled syrup can be saved in an airtight container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [4 shots espresso about 1 12 ounces each, 14 cup Cinnamon Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 13 cups whole milk, Crushed ice, for serving, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 4 cinnamon sticks], title: Ice Caffe Latte, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 4232: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a pot of simmering water, poach kielbasa for 20 minutes. Remove from pot transfer to a roasting pan with about 1 cup poaching water. Using a fork, poke the skin of kielbasa to prevent it from cracking. Roast until brown and crispy, about 20 minutes.nSlice kielbasa on the diagonal into 12inch slices. Serve with rye bread, horseradish, and mustard., ingredients: [1 2pound ring kielbasa, Rye bread, Prepared horseradish, Dijon mustard], title: Kielbasa, picturelink: null}, 4233: {instructions: Make the topping: In a medium bowl, mix the flour, brown sugar, and cinnamon. Add the butter and, using your fingertips, pinch the ingredients together into a sandy, crumbly mixture. Do not over mix as soon as the mixture is sandy, cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F. If using a refrigerated crust, use it to line a glass pie dish. If using a frozen crust, let thaw at room temperature and gently remove the crust from the aluminum liner. Transfer to a glass pie dish.nIn a medium bowl, toss the apples, pears, sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon, and butter together. Place the filling in the pie crust. Sprinkle the streusel topping on top and place the pie on a sheet pan to catch any juices. Bake for 40 to 50 minutes, until the crust is golden brown and the juices are bubbling. Check the pie after 30 minutes if the streusel topping is already brown, cover lightly with foil.nLet cool at least 30 minutes before serving. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 refrigerated or frozen 9inch deepdish pie crust see above, 3 Granny Smith or other tart apples, peeled, cored, and sliced 14inch thick, 3 firm but ripe pears, peeled, cored, and sliced 14inch thick, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon cold butter, cut into small pieces], title: Apple and Pear Streusel Pie, picturelink: null}, 4234: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the cream, halfandhalf and vanilla bean over medium heat just until it comes to a boil. Immediately turn off the heat. Set aside to infuse for 10 minutes. In a large bowl, whisk the egg yolks with the sugar just until combined. Whisking constantly, gradually pour in the hot cream mixture. Strain the mixture into a pitcher to smooth it and to remove the vanilla bean.nPour the mixture into 4 to 6 ovenproof ramekins and arrange in a hot water bath. Sprinkle the custards with the chocolate shavings. Bake in the center of the oven until almost set but still jiggly in the center, 30 to 40 minutes. The custard will finish cooking as it cools. Remove from the water bath and let cool 15 minutes. Tightly cover each ramekin with plastic wrap, making sure the plastic does not touch the surface of the custard. Refrigerate at least 2 hours or until ready to serve. When ready to serve, preheat a broiler to very hot or fire up your kitchen torch. Uncover the ramekins. To make the sugar coating, pour as much sugar as you can fit onto the top of 1 of the custards. Pour off the remaining sugar onto the next custard. Repeat until all the custards are coated. Discard any remaining sugar. Place the ramekins on a baking sheet and broil until the sugar is melted and well browned, about 2 minutes. Let cool 1 minute before serving., ingredients: [2 13 cups heavy cream, 13 cup halfandhalf, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 8 egg yolks, 12 cup granulated sugar, 4 teaspoons shaved bitter or semisweet chocolate, 12 cup coarse, raw, or demerara sugar], title: Chocolate Sprinkled Creme Brulee, picturelink: 0J1vVsRUBXlU18O4A4XRuRAdv7noLtW}, 4235: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine an 8inch cake pan with a circle of parchment paper cut to fit the bottom of the pan. Set pan aside.nIn a large bowl, mix baking soda, sugar, flour, and salt. Dissolve cocoa powder in hot water and then add to dry ingredients. Stir in applesauce, egg substitute, and vanilla. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 35 minutes. Cool cake completely on a cooling rack before frosting with chocolate frosting.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese and butter together until smooth. Add sugar substitute and beat until incorporated. Add cocoa powder, salt, and vanilla and beat until blended. If the frosting is too thick to spread, add the milk, 1 tablespoon at a time, with the mixer on low, until spreading consistency is achieved., ingredients: [14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 cup boiling water, 13 cup applesauce, 14 cup egg substitute, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Chocolate Frosting, recipe follows, 8 ounces light cream cheese, 1 tablespoon light butter, 2 cups sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons skim milk], title: Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: null}, 4236: {instructions: Melt 12 stick butter with 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika and 14 teaspoon cayenne. Toss with 3 cups mini pretzels and 2 cups mixed nuts. Spread on a baking sheet and bake 20 minutes at 325 degrees F, stirring., ingredients: [], title: Smoky Pretzel Mix, picturelink: AxIWz.AoSvh02l.cZqnzWFzScEO6lSO}, 4237: {instructions: Special Equipment: 4 6inch wide flat ovenproof dishes such as terra cotta cazuelasnCoat a saucepan with olive oil, add the onions and bring to a medium heat. Season the onions with salt and sweat for 7 to 8 minutes or until the onions are soft and very aromatic. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Add the chorizo and pimenton and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and season with salt. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if needed.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOil the cazuelas. Fill each dish about halfway with the tomato sauce. Break 2 eggs into each dish and sprinkle with grated cheese. Place the cazuelas into the preheated oven and bake until the egg whites are set but the yolks are still runny, about 8 minutes.nWhen the eggs are done, sprinkle with chives and serve.nEggselent, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, diced, Kosher salt, 2 garlic cloves, smashed and chopped, 1 cup 12inch diced Spanish chorizo, 1 teaspoon pimenton, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped with their juice or passed through a food mill, 8 eggs, 12 cup finely grated aged manchego, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Eggs Flamenco, picturelink: null}, 4238: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a turkey injector, meat thermometer, oilless fryer and roasting pannCombine the mayonnaise, milk, parsley, dill, vinegar, salt, garlic powder, garlic salt and pepper in a blender and process until smooth, about 2 minutes. Measure out 34 cup of the ranch dressing and set the remainder aside for serving at the table.nFill a turkey injector with the 34 cup ranch dressing and inject 2 tablespoons of the dressing into each thigh of the turkey, 1 tablespoon into each drumstick and 3 tablespoons into each breast. Let the turkey stand at room temperature for 30 minute to let the dressing soak into the meat. Discard any of the unused ranch dressing in the injector it has been in contact with the raw turkey.nMix together the olive oil and melted butter in a small bowl. Brush the turkey with the oil mixture and then sprinkle with salt.nPreheat an oilless fryer for cooking alternatively, follow ovenroasting directions below. Place the turkey breastside up in the fryer with the legs in the deepest part. Cook the turkey until a meat thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the breast reaches 160 degrees F, about 2 hours. The breast cooks slower than the legs in the oilless fryer carryover cooking will cook it the rest of the way through. Remove the basket insert with the turkey and let the bird rest at least 30 minutes over a roasting pan. Remove the turkey from the basket, carefully dislodging any parts of the turkey that are touching the basket so the skin does not tear. Carve the turkey and serve with the reserved ranch dressing or gravy.nAlternatively, roast the turkey in the oven: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Inject the turkey with the dressing as directed above and set it in a roasting pan. Roast, basting every 30 minutes, until a meat thermometer inserted in the thigh reaches 160 degrees F, about 3 hours the carryover cooking will cook it the rest of the way through. Transfer to a carving board and let rest 30 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup milk, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 to 2 teaspoons chopped fresh dill, 1 12 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, One 12pound turkey, giblets and neck removed from cavity, at room temperature, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Gravy, for serving, optional], title: Turkey Injected with Ranch Dressing, picturelink: PAsa9EOB4PpEVwh9GweKsNyHfQtN.Wy}, 4239: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Rub beef with olive oil, salt and black pepper. Brown on all sides in a large nonstick pan over high heat. Place beef on a wire rack in roasting pan. Place vegetables on bottom of pan. Mix all herbs in a bowl with the crushed pink peppercorns. Brush the tenderloin on all sides with Dijon mustard. Place herb mix on all sides of the tenderloin. Roast for 40 to 45 minutes, medium rare. Internal temperature is 125 degrees. Transfer to platter and let rest for 10 minutes. Then slice and serve with Red Wine Sauce.nFOR SAUCE: Sweat vegetables in olive oil until deep brown in color. Add red wine and reduce by 75 percent. Add stock and reduce by 30 percent. Strain through a finemesh strainer and reserve. In a separate pan heat olive oil and caramelize pearl onions until golden. Add quartered mushrooms and continue cooking until mushrooms wilt. Add red wine sauce and bring to a boil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Finish sauce with 2 ounces of unsalted butter., ingredients: [1 5 pound beef tenderloin, cleaned and trimmed, 10 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and fresh ground pepper, to taste, 12 carrot, cut into medium sized pieces, 3 pearl onions,peeled, 12 stalk celery, cut into medium sized pieces, 8 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons fresh rosemary, 3 tablespoons fresh lavender, 8 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons pink peppercorns, crushed, Red wine sauce recipe follows, 1ounce shallots, minced, 1ounce garlic, minced, 12 carrot, cut into small dice, 12 celery stalk, cut into small dice, 2 cups red wine, 2 sprigs of thyme, 1 quart veal stock, chicken or beef can be substituted, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 ounces pearl onions. Peeled, 8 ounces crimini mushrooms, quartered, 2 ounces unsalted butter, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Garlic and Lavender Crusted Beef Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 4240: {instructions: Using a vegetable peeler, slice the cucumber lengthwise into strips, turning it when you reach the seeds to avoid them. You should get about 16 slices, some neater than others, but dont worry about that. Cut them in half, season lightly with pepper, and roll them up quite loosely. Pierce each roll with a toothpick to hold it together. Top each with about a 12 teaspoon of creme fraiche, 18 teaspoon salmon roe, and finally a tiny sprig of dill. Serve., ingredients: [1 English cucumber, trimmed at the ends, Finely ground black pepper, 3 to 4 tablespoons creme fraiche, 1 to 2 tablespoons salmon roe, Tiny sprigs fresh dill, for garnish], title: Cucumber Roll with Salmon Roe, picturelink: null}, 4241: {instructions: In a heavy Dutch oven or stockpot, melt butter over moderate heat and saute the onions, half of the piquillo peppers, and salt and pepper until the onions turn a light golden color, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook briefly just to release the aroma, 1 to 2 minutes.nPour in the chicken stock, add the potatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 20 minutes. Puree in a food processor or blender just until smooth, being careful not to overprocess. Overworking will result in a gummy soup. Return to the pot, stir in the crema or creme fraiche or sour cream and bring just to a boil. Julienne half of the remaining piquillos and stir into the soup.nPuree the remaining piquillos in a mini processor and put in a bowl. Whip the cream until soft peaks form and gently fold in the pureed piquillos and the cheese.nDivide hot soup into bowls, top each with a dollop of the piquillo cream and serve.nWhisk the cream and buttermilk together. Cover and set in a warm place a gas oven with just the heat from the pilot light is fine for 8 hours. Crema may be kept in the refrigerator as long as a week., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 can Piquillo peppers, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 or 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3 cups chicken stock, 4 small Yukon Gold potatoes or 68 small red new potatoes, unpeeled, chopped, 12 cup Crema, creme fraiche or sour cream, 12 cup grated Manchego cheese, 12 cup whipping cream, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup buttermilk], title: Potato Piquillo Soup, picturelink: null}, 4242: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low, then add your eggs and cook 4 to 5 minutes. Drain, cool in ice water and peel.nBring a pot of water to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low, then add your eggs and cook 7 to 8 minutes. Drain, cool in ice water and peel.nPlace your eggs in a pot and cover with cold water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then cover, remove from the heat and set aside 8 to 10 minutes. Drain, cool in ice water and peel.nTransfer hardboiled eggs to a bowl of ice water with a slotted spoon and let cool.nDrain the ice water. One at a time, crack the bottom, wider end of each egg against the bowl, then hold the egg under cold running water and peel.nSlice the eggs in half lengthwise. Scoop the yolks into a bowl and make your filling.nFill the eggwhite halves with the yolk mixture using a spoon, piping bag or resealable plastic bag with a corner snipped.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [Eggs], title: Hard Boiled Eggs, picturelink: E.MvMyRylZBwRKnlEmTpXV2naoSvBRS}, 4243: {instructions: Make Perfect French Toast using 12 thick baguette slices.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk 4 eggs, 1 12 cups halfandhalf or milk, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon sugar and a pinch of salt in a shallow bowl. Heat 12 tablespoon butter in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, dip 6 thick slices white bread, challah or brioche in the egg mixture and cook in the skillet until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side, adding more butter as needed. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake until puffed, 8 to 10 minutes.nMelt 3 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate with 13 cup maple syrup in the microwave on 50 percent power, 1 minute stir until smooth. Top the French toast with the chocolate syrup and confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: ChocolateDrizzled French Toast, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 4244: {instructions: For the chiles: Heat a large skillet over high heat. Add the canola oil when hot. Add the chicken and saute until the chicken starts to turn white, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the onions and continue to saute until the onions are translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the apple, apricot, pear, raisins and garlic and saute until they begin to soften, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and stir so the paste coats all of the ingredients. Add the red wine and cook until the chicken is tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and let cool slightly. Remove the seeds from the peppers by making one long slice down the sides, stuff them with the chickenfruit mixture and keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the nogada sauce: Heat the oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the shallots and saute until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and continue to saute until the garlic has turned a light caramel color, about 1 minute. Add the white wine and reduce until almost gone, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the cream and simmer until reduced by half, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and finish with the almonds.nFor serving: Place each stuffed pepper on a plate and spoon some of the nogada sauce over top. Garnish with the cilantro and pomegranate seeds., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 boneless skinless chicken breasts, diced small, 2 teaspoons diced onion, 1 teaspoon diced apple, 1 teaspoon diced dried apricot, 1 teaspoon diced pear, 1 teaspoon raisins, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 1 cup red wine, preferably Cabernet, Kosher salt and black pepper, 4 poblano peppers, roasted and peeled, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 shallot, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup white wine, preferably Chardonnay, 2 cups heavy cream, Kosher salt and black pepper, 14 cup almonds, roughly chopped, Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, Pomegranate seeds, for serving], title: Chiles en Nogada, picturelink: zaNfEuYNXYV7yld2EgLhifzmZTX.Tcy}, 4245: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the icing: In a small microwavesafe bowl, combine powdered sugar, cornstarch, vanilla extract, and 1 12 teaspoons of cold water. Mix until the ingredients have dissolved.nAdd marshmallow creme and microwave for 5 seconds, or until the creme is soft enough to fold into the mixture. Stir until smooth. Add whipped topping and stir again, until evenly combined. Cover and refrigerate the icing until youre ready to ice the Danish.nTo make the Danish: In a medium bowl, combine cream cheese, oats, granulated sugar, soymilk, and almond extract, and stir until thoroughly mixed. Fold in cherries and set aside. This is your filling.nSpray a large baking sheet with nonstick spray. Roll out the dough on the sheet into a large rectangle of even thickness. If using crescent roll dough, pinch together perforated seams to seal. Arrange baking sheet in front of you so that the short sides are on the left and right and the long sides are on the top and bottom. Spoon the cherry filling lengthwise across the middle third of the dough, leaving 12inch borders on the left and right of the filling.nStarting from the top, make 12 vertical cutsabout 1 inch apartalong the top section of the dough, stopping about 12 inch from the filling. Repeat with the bottom section of the dough. This will create 1inchwide strips of dough on both the top and bottom of the filling.nAlternate folding the 1inch strips from the top and the bottom over the filling, covering the filling completely and creating a crisscrossed, braided appearance. When you reach the last few strips, cross them toward the middle of the Danish. After all the strips have been folded, fold the left and right sides of the dough in toward the filling, so the filling cannot escape, and pat firmly to seal.nBake in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, until pastry is crispy and golden brown. Allow it to cool completely.nJust before serving, stir icing and drizzle it over the entire Danish. Cut Danish into 8 slices and indulge P.S. Refrigerate leftovers.nPER SERVING 18th of recipe, 1 slice: 147 calories, 5g fat, 312mg sodium, 22.5g carbs, 0.5g fiber, 10g sugars, 4g protein, ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 drop vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon jetpuffed marshmallow creme, 1 tablespoon fatfree whipped topping, thawed from frozen, Half an 8ounce tub fatfree cream cheese, room temperature, 14 cup oldfashioned oats, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon light vanilla soymilk, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup frozen unsweetened dark sweet cherries, thawed, 1 tube refrigerated seamless dough sheet or reducedfat crescent roll dough recommended: Pillsbury], title: CrazyDelicious Cheesy Cherry Danish, picturelink: y5Znbi6aUgDqmWjPr36spnh0YJW1PCu}, 4246: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pan over medium heat. When it shimmers, add the onion and season well with salt. Cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring rarely until browned, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, add 12 cup of the salsa and mix until well combined.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Wrap the tortillas in damp paper towels or in a microwavesafe plastic bag and microwave until soft and heated through, about 45 seconds.nSpread half of the remaining salsa in the bottom of a 13 by 9inch baking dish. To make an enchilada, put 2 tablespoons of the mushroom mixture and 1 tablespoon cheese in the middle of a tortilla. Roll up and arrange, seam side down, in the prepared dish. Repeat to make 12 enchiladas.nCover the enchiladas with the remaining salsa and sprinkle with remaining cheese. Bake until the filling is heated through, cheese is melted and starts to brown, about 35 to 40 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve with sour cream and avocado., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 12 cups finely chopped red onion, Salt, 12 ounces mushrooms, quartered, 3 cups tomatillo salsa, storebought or homemade, 6 ounces shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 12 6inch corn tortillas, Sour cream and avocado, for serving], title: Veggie Cheese Enchiladas, picturelink: lp1aY1N3LQzUAVWBjDiSkUMn05mACZe}, 4247: {instructions: Make the Cream Puffs: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine the water, butter, salt, and sugar in a large saucepan and bring to a rolling boil over mediumhigh heat. When it boils, immediately take the pan off the heat. Stirring with a wooden spoon, add all the flour at once and stir hard until the flour is incorporated, about 30 to 60 seconds. Return the pan to the heat and cook, stirring, 2 minutes to evaporate some of the moisture.nScrape the mixture into a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or use a hand mixer or mix by hand. Mix at medium speed. With the mixer running, add 3 of the eggs, 1 at a time, stopping after each to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Mix until the dough is smooth and glossy and the eggs are completely incorporated. The dough should be thick, but should fall slowly and steadily from the beaters when you lift them out of the bowl. If the dough is still clinging to the beaters, add another egg and mix until completely incorporated.nUsing a pastry bag, pipe the dough in bitesize kisses about 1 12 inches across onto 1 of the cookie sheets.nDip your finger in flour and push down the points to smooth out any bumps. Bake 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and bake until puffed up and light golden brown, about 25 minutes more. Try not to open the oven door too often during the baking. Let cool on the baking sheet.nMake the Caramel: Pour the sugar into the center of a deep saucepan. Carefully pour the water around the sugar, trying not to splash any sugar onto the sides of the pan. Do not stir gently draw your finger through the center of the sugar to moisten it. Over high heat, bring to a full boil and cook without stirring, swirling the pot occasionally to even out the color, until ambercaramel in color, 10 to 20 minutes. When the mixture is done, remove the pot from the heat and rest the bottom in the ice bath for 15 seconds to stop the cooking.nDip the top of each cream puff in the caramel and place it caramelside down, with the base sticking straight up, on the other greased cookie sheet. The caramel will pool slightly around the puff and will harden and develop a foot. When you turn the puffs over later, this will be a smooth flat lid for each profiterole. Let cool until set, at least 10 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, carefully turn the puffs over and cut each 1 horizontally in 12 using a long serrated knife. Fill each with a small scoop of ice cream or sweetened, flavored whipped cream. Place the lid on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup water, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, 1 14 cups sugar, 13 cup water, Ice cream of your choice, or lightly sweetened whipped cream, Equipment: A pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip 2 cookie sheets, well greased, or 1 lined with parchment paper and 1 greased, or lined with nonstick baking mats an ice water bath and a mini ice cream scoop], title: Caramel Topped Cream Puffs, picturelink: null}, 4248: {instructions: Blanch the tomatoes in salted boiling water, remove, and shock in ice water. Peel the tomatoes and reserve the peel for the fried garnish. Cut each tomato into four pieces and remove the inner seed core. Season the tomatoes with salt, pepper, and extra virgin olive oil. Place the tomato slices on a meat rack, and bake for 1 hour in a 250 degree F oven. Remove the tomatoes from the oven and cool. When the tomatoes are cool, finely dice them and place on paper towels to dry. When drained, season the tomatoes with olive oil, salt, pepper and fresh thyme you may need just a pinch of red wine vinegar to adjust acidity.nIn a food processor, add the Kalamata olives and puree to a paste. Remove and set aside.nPlace a layer of the tomato mixture into a 1inch round ring mold and pack down. Place a very thin layer of black olive paste into the mold and pack down. Repeat 12 times. Finish with 1 more layer of tomato and pack down. Just before you are ready to serve, heat the tians through in a 300 degree oven.nPreheat a fryer to 300 degrees F.nBlot the reserved tomato skins with paper towels to dry them of any moisture. Place the skins in the oil and fry just until the water comes out and the skins are crisp and golden. Dont fry until the skins are brown, you still want a nice reddish color.nRemove from the molds onto a chickpea shortbread and top with fried tomato skins.nMix together flours, salt, and cumin and sift. Cut cold butter into flour by hand. Cut chickpea puree into the mixture and add the egg. Mix just until a dough is formed. Wrap with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll dough out to 18inch thick. With a 1 12 inch round cutter, cut out circles and place on a parchment lined sheet pan. Place in oven and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [10 vine ripe tomatoes, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 3 ounces Kalamata olives, pitted, 2 ounces freshly picked thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chickpea shortbread, recipe follows, 15 ounces all purpose flour, 5 ounces chickpea flour, Salt, 12 to 1 teaspoon cumin, 16 ounces cold butter, cut into small pieces, 4 ounces pureed chickpeas, 1 egg], title: Oven Dried Tomato and Black Olive Tians, picturelink: null}, 4249: {instructions: Soak 16 bamboo skewers in cold water for 30 minutes. In a blender, puree lime juice, garlic, red onion, salt, pepper and olive oil. Place all vegetables in a large bowl and pour marinade over. Let marinate at room temperature one hour, then drain vegetables. Place vegetables on skewers in a festive manner, alternating colors and shapes. Heat grill to medium high. Brush grill well, then wipe with oiled paper towel. Place vegetable skewers on grill and cook a total of 810 minutes to desired doneness, turning occasionally. Remove from grill and serve., ingredients: [12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 cloves garlic, minced or pureed, 12 red onion, peeled and chunked, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 2 bell peppers, preferably different colors, cut into 1inch chunks, 2 thin zucchini, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 pint pearl onions, parboiled for 5 minutes and peeled, 3 Italian Roma tomatoes, stemmed, quartered and seed scooped out, 10 ounces white mushrooms, wiped cleaned and stemmed], title: Lime Marinated Veggie Skewers, picturelink: null}, 4250: {instructions: Special equipment: a box graternSmoky Sauce: In a medium mixing bowl combine the sour cream, parsley, paprika, vinegar and garlic. Mix until well blended, and then taste to check the seasoning. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the hash browns: Grate the potatoes using the large holes of a box grater. Place the grated potatoes on a clean dish towel and squeeze out the excess water.nIn a large mixing bowl combine the grated potatoes, onions, parsley, oregano, salt and pepper, and give it a good stir.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Using a 14 cup measuring cup, scoop out the potatoes and place in the hot pan. Fill the pan with 4 or 5 potato scoops, making sure not to overcrowd the pan. Using a spatula, flatten out the potato portions. Cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Flip and continue to cook on the other side until golden brown and crispy, about 3 minutes. Drain the hash browns on paper towels, sprinkle with salt, and repeat the process for the remaining potatoes. Serve with the smoky sauce on the side., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar, 1 clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 small russet potatoes, peeled, 1 small onion, grated, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup vegetable oil], title: Crispy Hash Browns with Smoky Sauce, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 4251: {instructions: Cook beets in salted boiling water until tender, cool in refrigerator, and peel off skin. Soften goat cheese at room temperature, add in herbs, salt and pepper, and garlic mix well and place in pastry bag. Slice beets into 18inch thick on mandolin and place on plate, pipe goat cheese in between each layer of beets, repeat beet, goat, and top with beet. Garnish plate with asparagus that has been blanched, shocked, and grilled with olive oil. Top with red pepper, tomato, and drizzle with truffle oil., ingredients: [12 pound beets, 8 ounces goat cheese, 2 ounces lemon thyme, 14 cup chopped chives, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 bunch asparagus, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1ounce roasted red pepper, julienned, 10 yellow pear tomatoes, sliced in half, 1 tablespoon truffle oil], title: Napoleon of Beets and Herb Goat Cheese with Grilled Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 4252: {instructions: Place beef kidneys on the heated grill. Brush with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until firm to the touch but slightly pink in the center, about 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 beef kidneys about 1 12 pounds, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Beef Kidneys, picturelink: null}, 4253: {instructions: In a large bowl toss the flour with salt and pepper blend, to taste, then add shanks and coat well with the flour. Remove the shanks and shake off the excess flour.nAdd the oil to a heavy bottomed pan over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot add the shanks, and brown them on each side. When fully browned, remove the shanks to a plate and deglaze the pan with red wine. Stir in the carrots, celery, onions, rosemary, beef stock, tomato paste, parsley and garlic. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to mediumlow, and cook for 1 12 to 2 hours. When the meat is fork tender, remove the shanks from the stock and allow to cool for 1 hour in the refrigerator.nOnce cooled, remove meat from shank with a fork, pulling meat to shred.nPut the meat into a large bowl and add the orzo, tomatoes and feta. Pour the vinaigrette over the salad and toss to combine. Arrange the salad on a large serving platter and garnish with chopped mint and basil. Drizzle with grapeseed oil and serve., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper blend 60:40 mixture, 2 14 to 20ounce lamb shanks, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 4 cups red wine, 1 cup peeled and chopped carrots, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 13 cup chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons minced rosemary leaves, 6 cups beef stock, 12 cup tomato paste, 1 tablespoon minced parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 6 cups cooked orzo, 1 cup chopped Roma tomatoes, 14 cup crumbled feta, 1 cup balsamic vinaigrette, 12 cup chopped mint leaves, 14 cup chopped basil leaves, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil], title: Braised Lamb Orzo Salad, picturelink: ZURlRzAburz9ez22pgk2MdxMxp25Ele}, 4254: {instructions: In a large pot heat olive oil and cook the onion until translucent. Add the garlic. In a saucepan heat the chicken stock. Add the torn broccoli rabe and kale and stir frequently until wilted. Add the beans to the pot and stir to combine. Add the chicken stock. Squeeze the whole tomatoes into the pot one by one and stir to combine. Add the thyme and season with salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a simmer and cook until heated through. Serve hot., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, diced fine, 3 12 cups chicken stock, 3 cups torn broccoli rabe, 3 cups torn kale, 2 cans cannellini beans, 1 large can whole tomatoes, 3 sprigs fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Tuscan Bean Soup with Greens, picturelink: null}, 4255: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss salad ingredients.nIn a small bowl, whisk together juice, vinegar, garlic, soy sauce and Worcestershire. In a slow stream, whisk in oil. Pour dressing over salad and toss. yield: 6 servings, ingredients: [1 pound spinach and mixed salad greens, washed and torn into bitesize pieces, 14 pound watercress, washed and torn into bitesize pieces, 1 large red onion, sliced thinly, 12 cup radishes, sliced, 12 cup bean sprouts, 1 avocado, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes, 12 cup apple juice, 14 cup vinegar rice wine or cider, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 2 teaspoons olive oil], title: Salad with Apple Dressing, picturelink: null}, 4256: {instructions: Make the pesto: Place the almonds and garlic in a food processor. Pulse to roughly chop. Add the basil, lemon zest and parmigiano and pulse to combine. Add the olive oil and 12 teaspoon salt and puree until a smooth paste forms.nMake the sandwich: Open the loaf of bread and pull out some of the excess bread from the inside, leaving a slightly hollowedout loaf. Spread the pesto evenly over the inside of the bread. Layer the coppa, finocchiona and mozzarella on the bottom half of the bread. Toss together the arugula, fennel, lemon juice and olive oil in a small bowl. Place the salad on top of the meats and cheese. Top with the remaining half of the bread and press together. Wrap the sandwich tightly in plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight before slicing and serving.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [12 cup raw almonds, 1 small clove garlic, 1 12 cups fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 cup freshly grated parmigianoreggiano cheese, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 large loaf ciabatta bread, sliced in half horizontally, 14 pound thinly sliced hot coppa or other spicy salami, 14 pound thinly sliced finocchiona fennel salami, 34 pound fresh mozzarella, sliced or torn, 2 cups baby arugula, 1 small fennel bulb, thinly sliced, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Marinated Salumi Sandwich, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 4257: {instructions: In a pot of boiling water, cook the pasta for about 8 minutes remove before the al dente stage. While pasta is cooking, heat the olive oil in a frying pan and cook the cherry tomatoes for about a minute. Add salt to taste.nDrain the pasta, reserving some of the pasta water.nAdd the cooked pasta and ricotta cheese to the pan. Ladle in some pasta water  the excess pasta water will break down the ricotta cheese, creating a creamy sauce.nCook pasta in the pan with all the other ingredients for another minute. Top with cilantro, drizzle with extra virgin olive oil and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound orecchiette pasta, 15 to 20 cherry tomatoes, quartered, 34 cup fresh ricotta cheese, Bunch fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, Salt], title: Orecchiette con Ricotta e Pomodorini: Orecchiette Pasta with Ricotta and Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 4258: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush a sheet pan generously with vegetable oil. Combine the cashews, walnuts, pecans, almonds, 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil, the maple syrup, brown sugar, orange juice and chipotle powder on the sheet pan toss to coat. Add 2 tablespoons of the rosemary and 2 teaspoons of salt and toss again.nSpread the nuts in one layer. Roast for 25 minutes, stirring twice with a large metal spatula, until the nuts are glazed and golden brown. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with 2 more teaspoons of salt and the remaining 2 tablespoons of rosemary. Toss well and set aside at room temperature, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking as they cool. Taste for seasoning. Serve warm or cool completely and store in airtight containers at room temperature for up to a week.nPhotograph by Quentin Bacon, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 3 cups whole roasted unsalted cashews 14 ounces, 2 cups whole walnut halves 7 ounces, 2 cups whole pecan halves 7 ounces, 12 cup whole almonds 3 ounces, 13 cup pure maple syrup, 14 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 teaspoons ground chipotle powder, 4 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary leaves, Kosher salt], title: Chipotle and Rosemary Roasted Nuts, picturelink: dYH6QXqwD34dskSXMpII1AGzc3VvDu}, 4259: {instructions: Heat a large highsided skillet or saute pan over high heat. Add half the pears and 13 cup sugar. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add 1 cup cranberries, and continue to cook until pears are soft and just beginning to turn golden, 12 to 20 minutes cooking time will vary depending on the type of pears and their ripeness. Remove skillet from heat, and transfer pears to a large bowl to cool. Repeat process with the remaining pears, cranberries, and 13 cup sugar. Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Melt butter in a small saucepan set over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Whisk in cinnamon and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, and set aside. Cut the crusts from the bread. Cut each slice into 3 1 by 2 14inch pieces. Discard the scraps, or save them for making bread crumbs. Generously brush 1 side of the cut bread pieces with the butter mixture. Leaving the bottom open, line the sides of jumbo muffintin cups with overlapping pieces of bread, with the buttered side facing out, against the tin, pressing as you go. Pack about 23 cup pear mixture into each muffin tin, making sure the pears are flush with the top of the tin and the bread slices. Place the tin in the oven, and bake until the bread is golden brown on the outside, about 20 minutes. Transfer the muffin tin to a wire rack to cool for 10 minutes. Unmold the charlottes by inverting onto a baking sheet or cutting board. Serve immediately with Vanilla Bean Creme Anglaise and Cranberry Compote.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together egg yolks and sugar until light in color, about 2 minutes. Place milk, heavy cream, and vanilla bean in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer reduce heat to low. Whisk about a third of the cream mixture into the yolk mixture. Return the combined mixtures to the saucepan. Fill a large bowl or sink with ice and water. Cook creme anglaise over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until mixture thickens to the consistency of heavy cream. Discard the vanilla bean, and strain the creme anglaise into a medium metal bowl. Place the bowl in the ice bath to chill until ready to serve. Store in an airtight container, refrigerated, until ready to serve, up to 4 days Yield: 2 cupsnIn a small saucepan over medium heat, combine 12 cup water, sugar, and cinnamon stick. Bring to a boil to dissolve sugar, lower heat to medium, and add cranberries. Cook until water reduces to a syrupy consistency and berries just begin to pop. Let stand until cooled, about 10 minutes. Serve warm as a garnish.nYield: 34 cup, ingredients: [10 to 11 Bosc pears, peeled, cored, and sliced into 12inchthick wedges, 23 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups cranberries, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 20 slices bestquality white bread, Vanilla Bean Creme Anglaise, recipe follows, Cranberry Compote, recipe follows, 4 large egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup milk, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, split, 12 cup water, 14 cup sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 12 cups cranberries], title: Cranberry Pear Charlotte, picturelink: null}, 4260: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the coleslaw mix, oil, spice rub, sugar, lime juice, chiles, cilantro and onions and mix together. Let chill for a few hours. The lime juice will break down and soften the cabbage and infuse the lime, cilantro and green chile flavor throughout., ingredients: [2 bags 14 ounces shredded coleslaw mix, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon green chile spice rub, 2 teaspoons sugar, Juice of 10 limes, 2 Hatch green chiles or 4 ounces canned diced green chiles, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 large sweet onion, chopped], title: Deweys Albuquerque Coleslaw, picturelink: null}, 4261: {instructions: In a nonreactive sauce pot, bring the courtbouillon to a slow simmer. Meanwhile, in a large braising pan, saute the vegetables and garlic in the olive oil until tender. Add the farro, and stir with a wooden spoon while continuing to saute until the farro in pearlized begins to change color. Season with the salt and pepper. Using an 8 oz. ladle, add a ladle full of stock to the farro. Stir the farro from the bottom, and allow the stock to become almost completely absorbed by the rice. Repeat the procedure until the farro has cooked for exactly 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, and stir in the thyme. Transfer immediately to a two large sheet pans. Spread the farro out evenly using a rubber spatula. Allow the farro to cool in the walkin cooler. Transfer to a container, and label and cover tightly.nCourtBouillon:nIn a stock pot over moderate heat, sweat the vegetables in the grape seed oil until tender. Add the white wine and the bouquet garni. Fill the pot with one gallon of cold water, and bring it to a boil over high flame. Reduce the heat and simmer for two hours skimming intermittently. Strain through a fine mesh strainer lined with moistened cheese cloth.nYield: 1 gallon., ingredients: [1 gallon courtbouillon recipe follows, 2 pounds grano farro, 12 pound aromatic vegetables, brunoise cut, 2 tablespoons fresh garlic, chopped, 14 cup olive oil or grape seed oil, 1 tablespoon fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon Tellicherry black pepper, freshly ground, 14 cup fresh thyme leaves, 2 white onion, peeled and diced 14, 3 carrots, peeled and diced 14, 12 stalk celery, peeled and diced 14, 1 medium leek, cleaned and diced 14, 1 garlic bulb, quartered, 1 bouquet garni consisting of 2 thyme sprigs, 2 marjoram sprigs, 3 parsley sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 5 whole allspice, 10 white peppercorns, 10 black peppercorns and 12 fennel seeds, 2 tablespoons grape seed oil, 1 cup dry white wine], title: Basic Farro, picturelink: null}, 4262: {instructions: Make Classic Stuffing with potato bread. Use diced fennel bulb instead of celery. Cook 1 cup each chopped apples and dried cranberries with the onions and fennel.nClassic Stuffing: Melt 1 stick butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add 2 cups each diced onions and celery and 1 tablespoon each minced sage and thyme add salt and pepper and cook 5 minutes. Add 3 cups turkey or chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Beat 2 eggs with 14 cup chopped parsley in a large bowl add 16 cups cubed stale white bread, then pour in the vegetablebroth mixture and toss. Transfer to a buttered baking dish and dot with butter. Cover and bake 30 minutes at 375 degrees F uncover and bake until golden, 30 more minutes. Or stuff in your turkey and bake.nPhotography by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: AppleFennel Stuffing, picturelink: 6sqymbDpjGdkhg3FNMPquyEpBf5l7zy}, 4263: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, stir together flour and baking powder. In another bowl, beat butter with sugar until fluffy and light. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Stir in flour mixture, a third at a time to make a stiff dough. Divide dough into 4 pieces. Roll out a portion of cookie dough to 14 inch thick. Cut out shapes using cookie cutters. Place on lightly greased or nonstick cookie sheets. Bake until lightly golden, about 10 minute, rotating baking sheet halfway through cooking time. Cool completely on pans about 5 minutes, transfer to cooling racks and cool completely before decorating.nIn a small bowl, mix sugar and water to form a thick, smooth icing. Stir in food coloring to reach desired shade. Drop icing onto cookies using a small teaspoon and smooth with the back of the spoon. Make additional bowls for additional colors.nAdditional multicolored sprinkles can be added on top of icing before it dries for more decorative cookies, if desired., ingredients: [4 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 34 cup butter 1 12 sticks, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Colored Icing, recipe follows, 12 cup confectionersu00bf sugar, 1 12 tablespoons water, 3 to 4 drops food coloring, plus more as needed, Colored sprinkles, optional], title: Christmas Cutout Sugar Cookies, picturelink: WAKKHiYgY0ftUl3HaBsOlBHqg89uURO}, 4264: {instructions: Pour the milk into a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Remove the pan from the heat and pour in the couscous, maple syrup and cinnamon. Stir to combine. Cover the pan and let it sit for 10 minutes. Gently fluff with a fork.nWhen ready to serve, top with the pecans and strawberries. Serve each with 1 tablespoon yogurt if using, some extra milk, cinnamon and maple syrup., ingredients: [34 cup almond milk, plus more if needed, 12 cup whole wheat couscous, 1 teaspoon pure maple syrup, plus more if needed, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons pecans, 4 strawberries, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons 2percent Greek yogurt, optional], title: Strawberry Couscous Breakfast Bowl, picturelink: aaLA8lnoHGw6HhxWw7DiXDvyYBxF0y}, 4265: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a Dutch oven or large pot over mediumhigh heat until browned around the edges, about 5 minutes. Add the ginger, half of the scallions, 1 teaspoon salt and the sugar stirfry 30 seconds. Add the broth and 1 cup water cover and bring to a boil. Meanwhile, combine the cornstarch and 3 tablespoons water in a small bowl. Add the sesame oil and 1 teaspoon pepper and stir to combine.nAdd the snow peas, tomatoes, watercress and dumplings to the boiling broth mixture. Stir the cornstarch mixture again and add to the soup. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the dumplings are tender and the broth thickens slightly, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining scallions and season with pepper.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [4 slices thickcut bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons minced peeled ginger, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, Freshly ground pepper, 4 ounces snow peas, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 plum tomatoes, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 bunch watercress, tough stems trimmed, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 pound frozen Asianstyle dumplings or pot stickers], title: Dumpling Soup With Bacon and Snow Peas, picturelink: 8Zu1IWBZpGnGs7T6178gB6WO7z8VV2}, 4266: {instructions: Lightly score both sides of the duck breast with a sharp knife. Place in a shallow dish or plastic bag. In a small bowl whisk together orange liqueur, orange juice, cornstarch, garlic, and salt. Pour over duck breast and marinate for 1 hour.nPlace the garlic, scallions, celery, carrot, cilantro, and ginger in the food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Place in medium mixing bowl. Add Chinese hot oil, plum sauce, soy sauce, salt, and sesame seeds and set aside.nCoat the bottom of a medium skillet with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Heat over medium heat until very hot. Remove the duck breast from the marinade. Add to the hot skillet along with 1 or 2 tablespoons of the marinade. Lower heat to medium, cover and cook for 20 minutes, turning often until cooked through and well glazed. Transfer to a cutting board and allow to cool slightly. Remove all but 1 tablespoon of the duck fat from the skillet. Mince the cooked duck breast and return it to the skillet adding a pinch of salt and 12 teaspoon orange liqueur. Cook over high heat until browned. Remove from heat and add to the reserved vegetable mixture. Add the orange zest and stir until well mixed.nSeparate 24 pot sticker wrappers. To fill the pot stickers, place 1 heaping teaspoon of filling on each wrapper. Avoid getting any of the filling on the edges or the wrapper will not seal properly. Wet edges with water, fold wrapper in half to form a half moon shape. Seal the top center of the wrapper by pressing between the fingers. Make 2 pleats, working towards the bottom left corner. Repeat working towards the bottom right corner. Set aside. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nHeat 1 cup of olive oil in a deep frying pan. Add half of the pot stickers to the hot oil and cook until browned and crisp. Remove to a platter and keep hot until ready to serve. Repeat with the remaining pot stickers.nMix together soy sauce and white vinegar to use as a dip for the warm pot stickers.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice the top off of the garlic head. Place in small baking dish or garlic roaster. Drizzle lightly with olive oil and sprinkle with the oregano. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover tightly with foil and roast until garlic is golden brown, about 35 minutes. Allow to cool and then squeeze the softened cloves into a small bowl and set aside., ingredients: [7 ounces skinless, boneless duck breast one whole breast, 13 cup orange liqueur, 1 cup orange juice, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, Salt, 15 to 20 roasted garlic cloves, recipe follows, 4 scallions, both white part and 2 inches of green part, 1 stalk celery, 1 medium carrot, cleaned and cut into 1 inch pieces, 12 cup cilantro, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and cut into 2 pieces, 1 12 teaspoons Chinese hot oil, 5 tablespoons plum sauce, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, Salt, 3 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds, reserved, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon orange liqueur, 1 small orange, zested, 1 package pot sticker wrappers, 1 cup olive oil, 12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup white vinegar, 1 whole head garlic, Extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Garlic Marnier Duck Pot Stickers, picturelink: null}, 4267: {}, 4268: {instructions: Toast your bread in a toaster or on the grill, or if you are lucky enough to own one, an Italian stovetop toaster.nIn a large pan over mediumhigh heat, heat 3 tablespoons olive oil. Once hot, add the garlic and saute until fragrant. Add the mushrooms, salt and pepper, and another sprinkling olive oil. Reduce the heat to medium and cook for about 10 to 12 minutes, stirring often. Add the parsley and thyme, cook for another 5 minutes.nServe the mushrooms warm, on top of the bread slices, dress with some extra salt, pepper, and extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [Italian bread, sliced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus extra as needed, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 pound mixed mushrooms, chopped recommended: shiitake, portobello, crimini, 1 handful fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and freshly chopped, 1 small handful fresh thyme, leaves picked and freshly chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bruschetta with Sauteed Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 4269: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 325u00b0 F. Heat taco shells in oven as directed on box.n2. Meanwhile, in medium microwavable bowl, place chicken. Sprinkle with taco seasoning mix toss gently to coat. Microwave uncovered on High 2 to 3 minutes or until hot. Stir in 12 cup dressing.n3. Spoon warm chicken mixture into heated taco shells. Top with lettuce, tomato, cheese and onions. Drizzle with salsa and additional dressing., ingredients: [3 cups cutup deli rotisserie chicken from 2 to 2 12lb chicken, 1 package 1 oz Old El Pasou00ae taco seasoning mix, 12 cup ranch dressing, 1 12 cups shredded lettuce, 1 medium tomato, chopped 34 cup, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese 4 oz, 14 cup sliced green onions 4 medium, if desired, Old El Pasou00ae Thick n Chunky salsa, if desired, Additional ranch dressing, if desired, 1 box 4.7 oz Old El Pasou00ae Stand N Stuffu00ae taco shells 10 shells], title: Chicken Ranch Tacos, picturelink: null}, 4270: {instructions: Place juice in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook for 15 minutes or until juice is reduced to 14 cup stir in honey. Mixture may be prepared several days ahead and stored tightly covered in the refrigerator.nWhile glaze is cooking, preheat oven to 400u00b0F. Place carrots, oil, salt, and pepper on a small baking sheet stir well to coat. Bake for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Drizzle glaze over carrots and stir to coat. Bake for 10 minutes more, stirring once or twice.nStir in walnuts and cranberries and cook for 5 minutes or until carrots are nicely glazed and reach desired tenderness. Transfer to a serving dish and sprinkle with thyme.nRecipe may be doubled., ingredients: [1 c pomegranate juice, 2 T honey, 1 pound carrots, peeled, cut into 1inch diagonal slices, 1 T olive oil, 14 t sea salt, 14 t pepper, freshly ground, 12 c California walnuts, coarsely chopped, 14 c cranberries, dried, 1 T thyme, fresh, chopped], title: Pomegranate Glazed Carrots, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 4271: {instructions: Place chicken, wine, vegetables, garlic, half of the bacon and bouquet garni in a large bowl. Cover and marinate in refrigerator overnight. Remove chicken from marinade, being sure to reserve the marinade for later use. Pat dry the chicken with a towel, and in a casserole dish or heavy bottomed pot, heat oil and sear chicken until golden brown. Next add bacon from marinade to chicken and cook until just brown. Discard the bouquet garni and vegetables from the marinade and strain. Add the cognac to the chicken and flambe, and then add the marinade. Simmer until the chicken is tender, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. With a ladle or spoon, remove all excess fat from the sauce. Next thicken the sauce. If using blood, do not boil, but simmer gently. If using cornstarch, first mix it with water and create a slurry, add it to the sauce and bring to a boil. In a separate pan, saute mushrooms and onions in bacon or duck fat until brown. Julienne remaining half of the bacon and sear until brown. Make croutons: toast 8 slices of baguette, rub with garlic and drizzle with olive oil. To serve, heat chicken and vegetables in sauce. Garnish with mushrooms, onions, bacon, and garlic., ingredients: [1 4 to 5 pound chicken, 8 cups Burgundy wine, 2 large onions, quartered, 3 medium carrots, quartered, 2 garlic cloves, 1 3 inch strip country bacon about 1 ounce divided, 1 bouquet garni 1 sprig thyme, 1 sprig parsley, 1 bay leaf, 1 celery stalk tied in a cheesecloth, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon cognac, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons pork blood or 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 pound button mushrooms, quartered, 1 pint pearl onions, blanched and peeled, 8 slices baguettes, for croutons, 4 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Coq au Vin, picturelink: null}, 4272: {instructions: Special equipment: a fondue pot or slow cookernToss the Gruyere and Emmental with the flour in a medium bowl.nCombine the wine and garlic in a fondue pot or medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. Gradually add the cheese mixture while stirring constantly, simmering until the cheese is incorporated and thoroughly melted. Stir in the mustard, nutmeg and cherry brandy if using.nIf you are using a fondue pot, set it over its burner. Otherwise, pour the mixture into a slow cooker and set it to warm. Serve with an assortment of dippers such as baguette cubes, sliced vegetables and sliced fruit., ingredients: [12 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated, 8 ounces Emmental or other imported Swiss cheese, grated, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups dry white wine, 1 clove garlic, finely grated or minced, 12 teaspoon powdered mustard, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 tablespoon cherry brandy, such as kirsch, optional, For serving: cubed baguette, assorted sliced raw vegetables such as celery and bell pepper and assorted sliced fruit such as apples, figs and pears], title: Classic Cheese Fondue, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 4273: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the butter in the bottom of a shallow baking dish. Drain off 34 of the liquids from each can u00bf pears should remain wet but not swimming in syrup. Add pears to the dish and season with lemon zest, nutmeg and crystallized ginger then roast 20 minutes. Serve warm pears with scoops of French vanilla ice cream on top, garnish with lemon twist., ingredients: [2 tablespoons softened butter, 2 cans pear halves in syrup, 1 lemon, zested and 4 lemon twists of rind, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 pieces crystallized ginger, chopped or grated  on Asian food aisle, 1 pint French vanilla ice cream], title: Roasted Pears and Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 4274: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large heavy saucepan, over a medium high heat. Add the garlic, cook until soft. Then add the celery, and tomatoes. Continue to cook another few minutes. Add bay leaves and Arbol chilies, cook briefly and gradually pour in the chicken stock. Bring to a boil, cover the saucepan, reduce the heat and cook gently for about 40 minutes. Strain the stock, pressing on the solids, and return broth to the saucepan. Discard the solids. Add the cilantro.nToast the bread lightly and drop it into the hot stock. Leave for 2 minutes, then serve at once, with a bowl of grated Cotija cheese., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 pound tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, Coarse salt, to taste, 2 bay leaves, 1 Arbol chile finely chopped, 2 quarts chicken stock, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 12 slices country bread, 12 pound Grated Cotija cheese], title: Bread Soup, picturelink: null}, 4275: {instructions: In a large glass bowl, combine the heavy whipping cream and sugar. Beat with a hand mixer until thick and foamy. Add a small drizzle of coconut extract. Continue to whip until soft peaks appear.nUsing a serrated knife cut the red velvet cake into 1inch squares. Add about 13 of the squares to the bottom of the trifle bowl. Spread a layer of the whipped cream on top of the cake squares, followed by a layer of toasted coconut. Repeat layering 2 more times and serve., ingredients: [Carton heavy whipping cream, cold, Powdered sugar, Coconut extract, 1 storebought red velvet cake unfrosted, Toasted coconut flakes], title: No Recipe Recipe: Red Velvet Trifle, picturelink: fjbiPAE0Kn.OKY5QSVVWQ0OlMUDlcdG}, 4276: {instructions: Make the broth and strain it. Pluck the chicken pieces out and set them aside until they are cool enough to handle.nWhen the chicken is cool, pull off the skin and discard, then shred the meat coarsely, getting rid of any fat, gristle, etc. as you go. Set the chicken meat aside. The broth may be made and the chicken shredded up to 2 days before preparing the soup.nHeat a large pot of salted water to a boil.nBring the strained broth, celery, and carrots to a boil in a large pot on medium heat. Taste the broth and add salt and pepper, if necessary. Adjust the heat so the broth is simmering and cook until the vegetables are tender but not mushy, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, stir the fideos into the boiling water, crushing each handful to break the noodles up as you go. Cook until tender but with a little bit of a bite, about 4 minutes. Drain the noodles and put them in a bowl. Add the olive oil and toss well.nWhen the vegetables are tender, stir the shredded chicken, avocado, cilantro and lime juice into the soup. Bring the pot of soup to the table, along with the noodles and lime wedges. Spoon some of the noodles into each bowl and ladle some of the soup over them. Stir the soup with a ladle so youre sure to get some of each ingredient into each bowl. Pass the lime wedges separately.nHomemade Chicken Broth:nPut the chicken, onions, and red pepper in a large stockpot. Mine is 16 quarts. Rinse the garlic heads in cold water, then peel off the papery skin. Break the garlic head into individual cloves. Rinse and cut the roots off the cilantro. Cut a piece of cheesecloth the size of a kitchen towel. Put the garlic cloves, peppercorns, bay leaves, achiote seeds and cilantro on the cheesecloth, bring the ends together to make a little pouch, and tie the loosely with kitchen twine. Give the pouch a couple of good whacks with your kitchen mallet, and add it to the pot.nAdd enough cold water to cover the chicken by at least 2 to 3 inches. Drop in the ham hock, if using. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, skimming foam off of the top as it forms. When the water comes to a boil, adjust the heat so the broth cooks at a steady, but not rolling boil. Cook for 30 minutes.nCheck to make sure the breasts are cooked through, then remove them from the pan. Cook 15 minutes more, then remove the legs and thighs. Set the chicken aside to make another chicken dish. If youre using backs, necks, wings, etc., you dont have to remove anything. Leave the backs, necks and wings in to further flavor the broth.nCook for 1 hour. Set a strainer over a large bowl and line the strainer with a couple of layers of cheesecloth. Carefully strain the broth through the cheesecloth. Ladling it is the easiest and safest way. Add salt, to taste, and let cool before refrigerating.nYield: 3 to 3 12 quarts, ingredients: [12 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, Homemade Chicken Broth, recipe follows, 1 lime, juiced, 8 stalks celerylarge outer and pale inner stalks mixes, cut on the diagonal into 12inch slices about 3 cups, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 4 carrots, peeled and cut on the diagonal into 12inch slices about 2 cups, 1 pound fideos thin egg noodles or angel hair pasta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 Hass avocados, pitted, peeled, and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 5pound chicken, cut into 10 pieces or 5 pounds chicken backs, wings, necks and gizzards, 2 large Spanish onions about 2 pounds, left whole and unpeeled, 1 large red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and cut into quarters, 1 large head garlic, 1 large bunch fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoons achiote annatto seeds, optional, 1 ham hock, optional], title: Sopa Marquis, picturelink: null}, 4277: {instructions: Instructions for cake:nPreheat oven to 275 degrees. Grease and flour a 10inch tube pan. Cream margarine, butter, and cream cheese, with sugar until fluffy and well combined. Add salt and vanilla, and mix well. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add flour and mix well. Pour batter into pan. Place in a cold oven and bake at for 1 12 hours, or until done. Check doneness by inserting a toothpick in the center if it comes out clean, its ready. Cool in pan, then turn out and slice into halfinchthick slices. Preheat grill pan to medium heat. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter and brush lightly on both sides of cake slices. Grill cake slices, turning once, until lightly grillmarked and slightly softened, about 2 minutes total.nInstructions for Bananas with Chocolate Sauce:nIn a small saucepan, melt 2 tablespoons butter. Pour 1 cup heavy cream into another small saucepan and turn on the burner to mediumhigh. Scald the cream. Break up the semisweet chocolate bar into a medium mixing bowl. When the cream is hot, pour it over the chocolate and sets the bowl aside. In a large skillet, melt the other 2 tablespoons butter over mediumhigh heat. Peel 3 bananas, slice them and place in another mixing bowl. Add 12 cup sugar to the bananas, gently toss them and place them in the buttered skillet. When the bananas are goldenbrown, add a dash of fortified wine and cook until it evaporates. Whisk the chocolate cream mixture until smooth, then add 2 tablespoons fortified wine, mixing well.nAssembly:nPut a cake slice on each dessert plate or parfait cup, top with a spoonful of the bananas, and then another cake slice and another spoonful of bananas. Drizzle the top of each dessert with the chocolate wine sauce., ingredients: [2 sticks margarine, softened, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, plus 2 Tbsp. for melting, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 3 cups sugar, dash of salt, 2 tsp. pure vanilla extract, 6 large eggs, 3 cups cake flour, whipped cream, candied citrus peel and fresh mint for garnish, 4 Tbsp. butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 8ounce bar semisweet chocolate, 3 bananas, 12 cup sugar, 2 Tbsp. plus a dash fortified wine], title: Aunt Paulas Cream Cheese Pound Cake, picturelink: null}, 4278: {instructions: Brew 2 cups apple spice tea, then let cool. Mix with 2 cups orange juice, 1 cup apple juice and 2 cups ginger ale in a pitcher filled with ice. Add 1 cup rum, if desired. Chill. Divide among 6 glasses and serve with cinnamon sticks.nPhotograph by Jonny Valiant, ingredients: [], title: Spiced Tea Punch, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 4279: {instructions: Bake the sweet potato fries as the label directs.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 8 minutes remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the brown sugar, fish sauce, chile sauce, lime juice and lime zest to the drippings. Stir until the sugar dissolves.nTransfer the fries to a serving dish. Drizzle with the chile sauce mixture, then sprinkle with the bacon, cilantro and fried onions.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 16to20ounce bag frozen sweet potato fries, 3 strips bacon, chopped, 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 2 teaspoons Asian chile sauce such as Sriracha, 1 12 tablespoons lime juice, 12 teaspoon grated lime zest, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Prepared fried onions or fried shallots, for topping], title: Pad Fry, picturelink: PSK1LUqdfR.43q.7mnri4xxV3bNinYq}, 4280: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFinely shred the cabbage. Cut the bacon into 12inch chunks. Place a small skillet over mediumlow heat and fry the bacon, until crisp. Remove from pan with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Set aside.nAdd 1 tablespoon butter to bacon fat in frying pan. When it has melted add 12 the garlic and give it a quick stir with a wooden spoon to soften. Add the cabbage and coat it with the butter. Slowly let it wilt. Add the bacon. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Remove from heat and add most of the chives, reserving a little for the garnish.nGenerously butter the bottom and sides of an ovenproof casserole dish.nIn a large bowl, combine the potatoes, 1 12 cups of cream, 1 cup of Parmesan, and the remaining garlic, Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Using your hands, place a layer of potatoes in the casserole dish. Sprinkle with Parmesan and repeat with 2 more layers. Spoon the cabbage mixture on top and spread it out evenly over the potatoes. Top it off with 2 more layers of potato and Parmesan. Pour the remaining 1cup cream over the dish. Sprinkle with the remaining Parmesan.nCover dish with aluminum foil. Bake for 1 hour. Remove foil and bake for 30 minutes until golden brown. Leave for 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with fresh chives.nCooks Note: Slice the potatoes immediately before using so they dont turn brown., ingredients: [1 head savoy cabbage, cored, cleaned, and shredded, 1 2inch piece slab bacon, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the gratin dish, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 12 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped to 14 cup, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds baking potatoes, unpeeled and thinly sliced about 18inch, see Cooks note, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 2 cups grated Parmesan], title: The Ultimate Potato Gratin, picturelink: 7.R3TZHoMlaIJCJpkLWlJpeXmXbYjq}, 4281: {instructions: In a standing mixer with a paddle attachment combine flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt. Mix together eggs, egg whites and vanilla extract. Gradually add egg mixture to flour mixture blending on low. Toss almonds with chocolate chips then add to flour mixture and blend just until combined.nOn a well floured surface roll dough into 2 logs, 2 inches in diameter. Place on a greased sheet pan and brush with beaten egg. Bake at 350 degrees until light golden brown, about 3035 minutes. Allow logs to cool 15 minutes then cut into slices on the bias. Place slices on a greased sheet pan and bake in a 350 degree oven until toasted, about 1520 minutes. Cool. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 2 egg whites, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 23 cup whole almonds, toasted, 13 cup chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Almond Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 4282: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: New England Pepper Jelly Glazed Turkey, picturelink: null}, 4283: {instructions: Special equipment: 9inch diameter stainless steel bowl 7inch diameter stainless steel bowl 5inch diameter stainless steel bowl 9inch cardboard cake round 2 7inch cardboard cake rounds 2 5inch cardboard cake rounds 1 16ounce package ready to use gum paste available at crafts stores 1inch vine leaf shaped gum paste cutter available at craft stores 2 80ounce packages ready to use white rolled fondant icing available at craft stores Pastry bag or resealable plastic bag Small round pastry tip 2 or similarnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray each stainless bowl with nonstick cooking spray and coat lightly with flour, tapping out the excess. Put the bowls on 2 sheet trays.nIn an extra large bowl add the cake mixes with the butter and combine with a hand mixer. Add the egg whites, 1 at a time, and incorporate. Slowly add buttermilk and mix on medium until well incorporated, about 2 minutes. Fill each stainless bowl 23 of the way to the top with the batter. Bake until the tops are golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, about 30 to 50 minutes. Large cake will take closer to 50 minutes, smaller cakes closer to 30 minutes. Remove the cakes from oven and cool. When cool enough to handle, unmold and cool upside down on a wire rack. You will have 1 9inch, 2 7inch, and 2 5inch cake domes. Keep any extra batter in refrigerator. Cool down pans in between baking times. If there is still excess batter, bake off cupcakes for shower favors.nTo decorate:nFor the gum paste leaves, knead and roll out the gum paste to 116inch thickness. Using the leaf cutter, cut vine leaves from gum paste. Using the back end of a butter knife make leaf veins by pressing lightly into the gum paste. Repeat until you have about 80 leaves. Set out on a sheet tray lined with a wrinkled piece of plastic wrap to dry completely. This step is best done a couple of days ahead of time. To make loops for around the base of the cake, roll gum paste into a very thin rope. Cut into 3inch pieces, pinch ends together to form a loop using a dab of water, if necessary, to stick ends together. Dry flat on a sheet tray. You will need 24 3inch loops for the large cake, 40 2inch loops for medium cakes, and 32 1inch loops for the small cakes.nAdhere each cake to a corresponding cake board with a dab of icing. Ice each cake in a very thin smooth layer with an offset spatula. Put in refrigerator to set up. Working with 1 cake at a time, put a second slightly thicker layer of icing on cake, being sure to clean the knife frequently to keep the icing smooth. If icing is too loose try mixing in 14 cup confectioners sugar to stiffen it a bit. Knead the fondant to soften slightly. Using a flat surface dusted lightly with cornstarch, roll the fondant to a large 14inch thick circle about 18 inches in diameter for the large cake. Lift with backsides of your hands and put over the center of iced dome cake. Using your hands lightly dusted with cornstarch, smooth fondant down and around the sides of the cake. Lift cake up and trim the excess fondant close to the cake board with kitchen shears or a paring knife. Put on a cake pedestal. Repeat until all of the cakes are covered.nTo make royal icing for the vines: In a medium bowl beat together the 2 cups confectioners sugar, the meringue powder and the lemon juice with a hand mixer and slowly add in a little water until smooth. Continue to add water by the teaspoonful with beaters running until the icing will drop from the beaters but hold a line when drawn in with the back of a spoon. Fill a pastry bag fitted with small round tip. Pipe vines for leaves all around the cakes, using long strokes holding tip just off surface of the cake. Adhere dried gum paste leaves in groups along the vines with a small dab of royal icing. Lastly adhere the loops along the base of the cake with a small dab of royal icing as well. Put on the table in descendingsize order., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray and allpurpose flour for pans, 3 18.25ounce boxes white cake mix, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, softened, 9 egg whites, 3 34 cups buttermilk, 2 16ounce cans white frosting, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 tablespoons meringue powder, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 to13 cup warm water, Cornstarch, for rolling fondant], title: Shower Dome Cakes Tablescape Centerpiece, picturelink: null}, 4284: {instructions: In a shaker, combine the absinthe, B and B, bitters, lime juice and 1 ounce water. Fill halfway with ice and shake for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into a coupe glass.nServe neat or over ice. No garnish needed., ingredients: [1 ounce absinthe, 12 ounce B and B liqueur, 2 dashes wormwood bitters, 12 ounce fresh lime juice], title: The Hallucinogenic Monk, picturelink: null}, 4285: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta until it is tender but still firm to the bite, 10 to 12 minutes. Meanwhile, peel and finely slice the onion. Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and saute just to coat them with oil, about 1 minute. Reduce heat to medium, add Worcestershire sauce, and cover the skillet. Cook until the onions are tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Uncover skillet, add the beef, and cook, stirring to break up the lumps, just until it is no longer pink, about 1 minute. Add the barbecue sauce and crushed tomatoes. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is hot, about 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and Tabasco sauce. Drain the pasta and divide it among six shallow bowls. Spoon sauce over each portion, and serve immediately., ingredients: [salt to taste, 1 lb ziti or rigatoni, 1 onion, 1 Tbsp vegetable oil, 2 Tbsp Worcestershire sauce, 1 lb ground round, 3 to 4 Tbsp barbecue sauce, 1 can 14 12 oz crushed tomatoes, 4 to 6 drops Tabasco sauce optional], title: AllAmerican Barbecued Beef with Noodles, picturelink: null}, 4286: {instructions: Fill shaker with ice. Add Smirnoff Green Apple Flavored Vodka and apple juice. Shake. Strain into a chilled martini glass., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Smirnoff Green Apple Flavored Vodka, 1 splashes apple juice], title: Double Apple Martini, picturelink: null}, 4287: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMix all ingredients together. Pour into greased 1 12quart baking dish and bake for 1 hour.nMix the herbs together and store in an airtight jar.nYield: about 12 cup, ingredients: [2 cups corn scraped from cob, milk removed, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 cup finely chopped onion or 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups milk or cream, 1 tablespoon butter, 6 saltine crackers, crumbled, Herb or herb mix, to taste, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon dried parsley, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 tablespoon dried marjoram, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried summer savory, 12 tablespoon dried tarragon, 12 tablespoon dried sage], title: Corn Pudding, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 4288: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Place the potatoes in cold water, bring to a boil and cook until tender, 1520 minutes. Drain, and mash the potatoes while hot with the butter and sugar. Let this mixture cool slightly and stir in the beaten eggs, buttermilk and vanilla. Bake 45 minutes to one hour, or until set.nTIP: SWEET POTATO STARSnPeel sweet potatoes and slice 12inch thick. With a star cutter, stamp our shapes. Lightly brush with oil and arrange on a cookie sheet. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 20 to 30 minutes or until tender., ingredients: [1 9inch unbaked fluted pie shell, 2 medium sweet potatoes, diced, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, beaten, 14 cup buttermilk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: null}, 4289: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Bring a large pot of unsalted water to a boil. Spray a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray.nAdd the turkey, breadcrumbs, eggs, onions, 14 cup of the Parmesan, chopped basil, oregano, garlic, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon black pepper, fennel seeds and red pepper flakes to a large bowl and mix with your hands until evenly combined. Form the mixture into 24 meatballs about 1 12 tablespoons each and place them on the prepared baking sheet, evenly spaced. Spray the meatballs with cooking spray and roast until cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes, turning each meatball over about halfway through.nMeanwhile, add the linguine to the boiling water and cook according to package directions. Strain, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking water.nBring the reserved pasta water, cream and oil to a boil in a large saucepan over high heat. Add the linguine and toss to combine. Add the lemon juice and meatballs and toss to combine. Add the remaining 14 cup Parmesan and 18 teaspoon salt and toss to combine. Adjust seasoning with salt if needed.nTransfer the linguine and meatballs to four large pasta bowls or a large rimmed platter. Sprinkle with the lemon zest and torn basil., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 pound lean ground turkey about 94 percent lean, 12 cup wholegrain breadcrumbs, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 13 cup grated yellow onion about 12 medium onion, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil plus 14 cup torn fresh basil leaves, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 10 ounces wholegrain linguine or spaghetti, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 12 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Juice and zest of 1 lemon about 3 tablespoons juice], title: Lemon WholeGrain Linguine with Turkey Meatballs, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 4290: {instructions: Preheat 1inch of oil in a deep sided skillet over mediumhigh heat to 360 degrees F.nUsing a mandoline or sharp knife, slice plantains into 18inch thick ovals on the diagonal. Carefully add plantains to the oil in batches and fry until a tap with a metal spoon sounds hollow, about 1 minute. Remove to a paper towellined plate. Sprinkle lightly with lime zest, lime juice and salt. Transfer to a serving plate and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 green plantains, peeled, 2 limes, zested and juiced, Salt], title: Plantain Chips, picturelink: null}, 4291: {instructions: Gnocchi preparation: Starting in a large pot of cold water bring potatoes to a gentle boil. Slowly cook until tender when pierced with a knife. It is important to use a large volume of water and cook the potatoes as slowly as possible. This lazy boil takes approximately 1 hour.nWhile still hot, peel potatoes with a spoon. Mash or preferably run through a ricer onto a sheet pan and allow cooling and drying. Crack 4 eggs into mixing bowl and mix thoroughly with potatoes. Add flour and hand mix. Take a handful of mixture and rub palmtopalm creating a cohesive softball sized sphere. Place on lightly floured surface and roll into a long cylinder just under one inch in diameter. Cut in 1inch long gnocchi then lightly flour to avoid end from sticking. Repeat with remaining mixture.nDrop gnocchi into salted boiling water for 2 minutes. Drain in colander and let cool.nCavolfiore: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the top off of a large bulb of garlic and place the garlic bulb in a small oven safe dish and pour a 12 cup of olive oil over bulb.nRoast in oven until soft and caramelized. This takes about 30 minutes.nRemove garlic form oil. In a large skillet saute cauliflower in the reserve oil from the roasted garlic until the cauliflower starts to brown. Add 14 cup of water and remove from heat. Squeeze garlic bulb, removing the tender meat and add directly to skillet. Add gnocchi, heavy cream and Parmesan. Mix. Bring back up to heat.nStir until the sauce is hot and the cheese has completely melted., ingredients: [5 medium Yukon gold potatoes, 4 large eggs, 12 ounces 2 cups allpurpose flour, Large bulb garlic, Medium head cauliflower, cut into small pieces, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Gnocchi Cavofiore, picturelink: null}, 4292: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the muffin tin with pink or white cupcake linersnIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder and salt.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar on high speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Occasionally turn off mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Reduce the speed to low, add the eggs, 1 at a time, and mix until incorporated after each addition. Add the food coloring and vanilla and mix well.nWith the mixer on low, alternately add the flour mixture and sour cream in 3 additions, beginning and ending with the flour, waiting until each addition is well incorporated before adding the next. In a small bowl, combine the vinegar and soda, and once fizzing has stopped, add to the batter and mix well.nDivide the batter evenly in the tin, filling each liner about 34 full. Bake until cupcakes are set and spring back when touched, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then remove to a wire rack to cool completely.nFor meringue icing: Bring a few inches of water to a gentle simmer in a saucepan large enough to hold a standing mixer bowl above the water. Whisk the egg whites, sugar, cream of tartar, and salt together in the bowl until combined. Set the bowl over the simmering water and whisk constantly until sugar is completely dissolved and mixture is smooth and hot to the touch, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to the standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat at mediumhigh speed until meringue is cool and holds a soft peak, 4 to 5 minutes. With the speed on low, add the vanilla and almond extracts increase speed to medium and continue whisking until mixture is glossy and holds a stiff peak, 1 to 2 minutes more.nTo decorate: Using a spoon or offset spatula, spread about 12 cup meringue over each cupcake and sprinkle with nonpareils. Cupcakes are best served the day they are made.nCooks Note: If youre unable to find gel food coloring, add drops of liquid food coloring until the desired shade of red is achieved., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons red gel paste food coloring see Cooks note, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Red, pink and white miniature nonpareils, for sprinkling, 5 large egg whites, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoons cream of tartar, Pinch fine salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 to 3 drops pure almond extract, Equipment: Standard 12 12 cup muffin tin], title: Red Velvet Cupcakes with Fluffy Meringue Icing, picturelink: 5UekXxnBOopFKLgaV3xeYc9339zkv7y}, 4293: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a marble work table, stretch and flatten out the dough to about 14inch thick. Place the dough onto a greased baking tray leaving 12 of the dough off the pan. Add 12 the grapes and squish the grapes with your hands to release the juices into the dough. Sprinkle 12 cup sugar and add 1 rosemary sprig. Drizzle the dough with 1 12 tablespoons olive oil.nGently fold over the remaining dough over the grapes and pinch down the ends. Repeat the process using the remaining grapes, sugar, rosemary, and olive oil.nCook for approximately 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound500 g prepared pizza dough, 1 bunch red grapes, 1 cup250 ml sugar, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 3 tablespoons45 ml extravirgin olive oil], title: Schiacciata Con lUva: Focaccia Topped with Grapes, picturelink: null}, 4294: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Saute onions until lightly browned. Reduce heat, add ground spices, and stir briefly. Add cooked rice. Cook just enough to heat rice through, stirring well to combine.nMelt remaining butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute spinach with salt just until leaves are wilted. Toss into hot rice and onion mixture and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 large onion, diced, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 cups cooked basmati rice, 3 bunches spinach, stems trimmed, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Spinach Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 4295: {instructions: Combine the halfandhalf, whole milk, allspice and sugar in a large saucepan and heat until steaming.nWhisk the egg yolks in a small bowl and ladle some of the hot mixture into the bowl while whisking constantly. Then whisk the tempered egg mixture back into the remaining hot liquid. Stir until mixture coats the back of a wooden spoon, then place immediately into an ice water bath. Once it has cooled down to room temperature, add liquors and chill. Serve very cold., ingredients: [4 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups whole milk, Dash allspice, 12 cup sugar, 5 egg yolks, 1 cup brandy, 12 cup spiced rum], title: Dads Eggnog, picturelink: xoLZOK642ZCyhblI.Ke5g6PqTFGmTzC}, 4296: {instructions: When shredding the cabbage and other vegetables, use a Japanese mandolin on its thinnest setting. In a large bowl, combine all ingredients and serve. If not serving immediately, refrigerate., ingredients: [1 head Savoy cabbage, sliced, 1 cup onion, sliced, 1 carrot, julienne, 1 pint blueberries, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon cumin seed, toasted], title: Blueberry Coleslaw, picturelink: null}, 4297: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a shaker with some ice. Shake to mix, and then serve in a martini glass., ingredients: [4 ounces gin, 4 ounces white cranberry juice, Splash key lime juice], title: Oasis Martini, picturelink: null}, 4298: {instructions: Place about 6 cups of water, the vinegar, and the beer in an 8gallon stockpot fitted with a raised rack. If you dont have a raised rack, use bricks wrapped in clean cloth to raise your rack about 6 inches off the bottom. It is important that the crabs not get wet while theyre being steamed.nMake a layer of crabs on the rack, and cover them with 18 to 34inch of crab seasoning. Bring the liquid to a boil. Once the steam starts to rise through the crabs, cover pot with lid, and steam for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the crabs are bright red. Remove the crabs with tongs or rubber gloves. Using rubber gloves makes handling easier, preventing you from burning your handsu2014and inadvertently dropping any crabs., ingredients: [1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 8ounce bottle of beer, 36 hardshell blue crabs, Crab seasoning], title: Cooking Crabs, picturelink: null}, 4299: {instructions: In a bowl combine the chicken strips with the lime juice, olive oil, honey, chili sauce, and garlic, mix well. Cover and refrigerate at least 15 minutes but not longer than 8 hours.nHeat an iron grill pan over medium high heat until very hot. Grill the tomatoes, chilies, and the corn until they are lightly charred. Chop the tomatoes. Seed, stem and cut the chilies into 1inch long strips. Remove the corn kernels from the cob with a knife.nIn a 10inch skillet or saute pan over medium heat, heat the cooking oil until a tortilla strip bubbles around the edges when added. Cook a few strips at a time, when golden, transfer to paper towels and drain.nSqueeze some lime juice over the avocado slices and set aside. Heat the grill pan over medium high heat, brush with a little cooking oil and lay the chicken strips on the grill and cook on both sides just until they lose the raw color on the inside. Remove the chicken and cut into pieces on a sharp diagonal into 1inch lengths.nIn a saucepan heat the chicken stock, over medium heat to a simmer, stir in the tomatoes, chilies, and corn and return to a simmer. Stir in the chicken, taste and adjust the seasoning adding the salt. Serve the soup with the tortilla strips, crumbled goat cheese, avocado slices, chopped cilantro and wedges of lime., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 12inch strips, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 12 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon spicy chili sauce, 1 tablespoon garlic, finely minced, 1 pound vine ripened tomatoes, cut in half and seeded, 4 poblano or 2 anaheim chilies, 2 ears white corn husk removed, 3 6inch corn tortillas, cut into 14inch strips, 13 cup cooking oil, 12 cup soft goat cheese, crumbled, 12 ripe avocado, sliced, 2 limes cut into wedges, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 6 cups chicken stock, Salt to taste], title: Tortilla Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}, 4300: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the bread pudding: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Prepare the bottom and sides of the baking dish with the butter.nIn a large bowl, add the croissant and bread chunks along with the chocolate chips sprinkled over the top. Toss gently and pour into the prepared dish making sure all the chocolate chips dont settle on the bottom.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the milk, chocolate syrup, brown sugar, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg and eggs. Pour the chocolate custard over the bread in the baking dish and press the bread down into the custard to soak it up. Allow to rest for 10 minutes. Then press down a bit again.nFor the topping: In a medium bowl, toss the butter and with the flour to coat all sides of the butter. Then add the pecans, brown sugar, salt and cinnamon. Mix together with your hands to get the butter to blend into all the ingredients. Sprinkle evenly over the top of the baking dish.nBake uncovered until the edges are golden brown and the center springs back a bit when touched, 45 to 50 minutes. Allow it to cool and settle for about 30 minutes and then make pretty squares, or just dig in right away. Serve with a dollop of Bourbon Whipped Cream. Can also be served cold.nIn a large bowl, whisk heavy cream until soft peaks form. Add the bourbon and sugar and continue to whisk until stiff peaks form when the whisk is removed from the bowl. Refrigerate and serve cold., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 6 croissants, stale and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 loaf cinnamon raisin bread, stale and cut into 1inch squares, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 6 cups milk, 1 12 cups chocolate syrup, such as Hersheys, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 to 6 scrapes fresh nutmeg, 6 eggs, 6 tablespoons butter, cold and cut into small cubes, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup pecans, chopped, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon Maldon sea salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Bourbon Whipped Cream, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon bourbon, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Sunnys Double Chocolate Bread Pudding with Bourbon Whipped Cream, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 4301: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment. Using an electric mixer, beat whites until frothy. Add confectioners sugar, cocoa powder, flour, coffee, and water. Beat on low until combined, turn mixer to high, and beat until marshmallowtopping thick, 3 to 4 minutes. Using a rubber spatula, fold in pecans. Drop by heaping teaspoonfuls onto cookie sheets bake 15 to 18 minutes, or until tops crack., ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 teaspoons very finely ground fresh coffee grounds or powdered instant coffee, 1 tablespoon water, 34 cup finely chopped pecans], title: Chocolate Meringue Drops, picturelink: null}, 4302: {instructions: Special equipment: 9by 5inch loaf pannPreparing to bake. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 9by 5inch loaf pan.nMixing the dry ingredients. Whisk together the flour mix, psyllium husk, baking soda, kosher salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves. Set aside.nMixing the wet ingredients. Put the pumpkin puree into the bowl of a stand mixer. You can also stir this by hand. With the mixer running on low speed, add 1 egg. When it is fully incorporated into the puree, add the second egg. When it is incorporated, add the brown sugar and white sugar. When they have disappeared into the puree, add the oil and vanilla extract. Stir until combined.nFinishing the batter. With the mixer running, add the flour mixture, a bit at a time, until the flour is fully incorporated. Keep the mixer running on medium speed and let the batter grow airy.nPour the batter into the prepared pan.nBaking the pumpkin bread. Slide the loaf pan into the oven. Bake until the edges of the pumpkin bread are starting to come away from the edges of the pan and a toothpick inserted into the center of the pumpkin bread comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes.nAllow the bread to cool in the pan for 20 minutes then turn it out onto a cooling rack. Do not slice the pumpkin bread until it has cooled to room temperature., ingredients: [210 grams glutenfree allpurpose flour mix, 1 12 teaspoons psyllium husk, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cloves, 1 cup pumpkin puree, 2 eggs, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup sugar, 100 grams oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: GlutenFree Pumpkin Bread, picturelink: Riz7Ox5WQyXawbwVHOSajj.yb9uQ4Wm}, 4303: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together the spices in a small bowl. Rub the entire brisket with the spice mixture, place on a baking sheet, cover and let stand in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour or up to 6 hours.nPrepare the smoker according to manufacturers directions. Place the brisket in the smoker, fat side down, and smoke for 4 to 5 hours or until extremely tender. Baste with the mop every 30 minutes.nPlace all ingredients in a medium saucepan, season with salt and pepper and cook over medium heat for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly., ingredients: [12 cup ancho chili powder, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons cayenne, 1 trimmed brisket with a layer of fat at least 14inch thick, about 5 to 6 pounds, Dark Beer Mop, recipe follows, 1 large red onion, 4 cloves garlic, 2 serrano chiles, chopped, 4 bottles of dark beer, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Smoked BBQ Brisket, picturelink: Noj026pdzeKl8n6G58HlW7Cv8ATOiZ6}, 4304: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 16inch40 cm square piece muslin clothnIn a large pot, submerge the oxtail in cold water, add 3 tablespoons salt and soak for 1 hour, then drain.nTo make the spice pouch, dry roast each ingredient separately in a frying pan over medium heat until fragrant.nCool, then coarsely grind the spice using a mortar and pestle or small spice grinder. Add the ground spices to the muslin square and tie up tightly in a knot. Set aside.nHeat a barbecue grill or chargill pan over mediumhigh heat and grill the unpeeled garlic, onions and ginger evenly for 15 minutes in total until all sides are blackened.nNow peel the blackened skins and discard them, and then roughly chop. By doing this, the garlic, onion and ginger becomes sweet and fragrant, releasing more flavour into the stock.nPut the oxtail, brisket and 200 fluid ounces 6 litres cold water in a stockpot and bring to the boil. While the stock is boiling, constantly skim any impurities off the surface for 15 minutes this will ensure a clean, clear broth, then reduce the heat to a low simmer.nAdd the fish sauce, remaining 1 tablespoon salt, rock sugar, garlic, onions, ginger, and spice pouch.nCover and simmer for 3 hours, or until the stock has reduced to almost 12.nStrain the stock through a muslin cloth. Remove the brisket, set aside to cool, then thinly slice.nBlanch each portion of noodles in boiling water for 20 seconds.nDrain, then transfer to a serving bowl.nPlace 3 or 4 slices of brisket on top of the noodles, followed by 3 or 4 pieces of raw sirloin. Pour over the hot stock to cover the noodles and beef.nServe with 1 tablespoon spring onion, a pinch of black pepper, and a coriander sprig to each bowl.nAt the table, add chile, and a squeeze of lime., ingredients: [4 pounds, 8 ounces 2 kg oxtail, 4 tablespoons salt, 1 unpeeled garlic bulb, 4 large unpeeled onions, 5 14 ounces150 g unpeeled ginger, 4 pounds, 8 ounces 2 kg beef brisket, 34 cup 185 ml fish sauce, 2 34 ounces80 g rock sugar, 3 pounds, 8 ounces 1.6 kg fresh rice noodle you will need about 7 ounces 200 g per person, 14 ounces400 g trimmed sirloin, thinly sliced, 4 spring onions scallions, sliced, freshly ground black pepper, Fresh coriander cilantro sprigs, 2 birds eye chiles, sliced, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 8 cloves, 5 star anise, 2 cassia bark, about 4inches 10 cm in length, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns], title: Beef Noodle Soup with Rice Noodles: Pho Bo, picturelink: null}, 4305: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F180 Cgas 4. Lightly butter two 9inch23cm round cake panstins. Line with parchmentbaking paper. Butter the parchmentbaking paper. Dust the inside of both pans with cocoa powder and knock against the side of the counter to settle a thin dusting of cocoa inside the pans discard any extra cocoa. Whisk together the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking sodabicarbonate of soda, baking powder, and salt together in the bowl of a stand mixer.nAdd 1 cup240 ml of the warm water, the oil, and melted butter and mix on medium speed until combined. Stop the mixer to scrape down the sides of the bowl and make sure all the ingredients are fully incorporated. Add the eggs, one at a time, mixing well between additions to incorporate and aerate the batter, which gives the cake a more even crumb. Add the remaining 34 cup180 ml warm water and vanilla and beat until smooth and aerated, about 2 minutes. The batter will look loose and watery, about the consistency of heavy cream or hot fudge.nDivide evenly between the prepared pans and tap lightly on the counter to smooth the top. Bake until the cakes are evenly domed and spring back lightly when touched, about 40 minutes. Test the cakes with a toothpick inserted into the centers if it comes out clean your cakes are done.nRemove the cakes from the oven and let cool on a wire rack until they are just warm to the touch, about 15 minutes. The cakes will pull away from the sides of the pans slightly as they cool. Flip the pans to unmold the cakes onto a rack to cool completely, 1 hour.nMake the frosting: Before you begin, check to make sure the butter is room temperature, just soft enough to press easily with your finger. Beat together the butter, agave, confectionersicing sugar, cocoa powder, and warm water with a stand mixer until light and creamy and evenly combined, about 2 minutes. Stop to scrape down the sides and make sure all the butter is fully combined. Add the cool cream and beat on mediumhigh until fluffy and creamy.nWhen the cakes are completely cooled, slice off the dome from one of the layers with a serrated knife so that you can stack the layers easily. Lay the trimmed cake layer on a cake stand or serving platter, trimmedside up. Tear four sheets of parchmentbaking paper or waxgreaseproof paper into long strips and tuck under the edges of the cake around all the sides this will help to keep your serving platter clean as you frost. Scoop about onethird of the frosting onto the top of the cake. Using an offset spatula or the back of a spoon, spread the frosting evenly over the top of the cake and around the sides. Cover with the second cake layer, domedside up, and press down slightly to flatten. Look down at the cake and slide the top cake layer until it lines up perfectly with the bottom layer. Add another onethird of the frosting to the top and spread evenly over the top. Spread the remaining onethird of the icing around the sides of the cake to create a smooth, even layer.nMake careless swirls of icing all over the top of the cake using the back of a large spoon. Serve immediately or store in a cool place until ready to serve.nIf you plan to make ahead and refrigerate, note that the icing will set up in the fridge and will sweat slightly when it comes out. Remove from the fridge about 1 hour before serving to restore the frosting to its luscious, creamy state.nPhotograph by Sara Remington, ingredients: [3 cups385 g allpurposeplain flour, 2 23 cups530 g granulated sugar, 1 cup100 g cocoa powder, plus more for dusting, 1 12 tsp baking sodabicarbonate of soda, 34 tsp baking powder, 12 tsp fine sea salt, 1 34 cups420 ml warm water, 1 cup240 ml vegetable or grapeseed oil, 4 tbsp55 g melted butter, plus more for the pans, 5 large eggs, 1 tsp pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups340 g unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 tbsp45 ml agave nectar or honey, 12 cup50 g confectionersicing sugar, 1 14 cup120 g cocoa powder, 14 cup60 ml warm water, 14 cup60 ml cold heavydouble cream], title: BetterThanBoxed Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 4306: {instructions: Make clarified butter: Melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat and cook until the white milk solids separate and rise to the top, about 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and carefully skim off the milk solids with a spoon discard. Strain the remaining butter through a finemesh sieve and set aside you should have about 14 cup clarified butter.nPeel the potatoes and grate them on the large holes of a box grater into a colander. Squeeze out the excess moisture with your hands, then blot the potatoes dry with paper towels.nHeat the clarified butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes to the skillet in a few piles and flatten with a spatula sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt, a few grinds of pepper and the paprika. Cook, undisturbed, until the potatoes start browning on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Flip, then drizzle with the cream cook, undisturbed, until absorbed, about 2 minutes. Continue cooking, flipping the hash browns occasionally, until golden brown and crisp all over, about 15 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Ralph Smith, ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 medium russet potatoes about 2 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Hash Browns, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 4307: {instructions: Combine 1 12 cups berries and syrup in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook until berries are slightly softened, about 2 minutes, then mash using the back of a spoon. Simmer until mixture foams up a bit, about 1 to 2 minutes more.nRemove from heat, strain to remove blueberry solids, stir in remaining 1 12 cups berries, and use to top pancakes, waffles, or French toast., ingredients: [3 cups blueberries, 1 cup maple syrup], title: Blueberry Maple Syrup, picturelink: lp1aY1N3LQzUAVWBjDiSkUMn05mACZe}, 4308: {instructions: For honey lemon vinaigrette, Whisk all ingredients together. Store covered and refrigerated. For the garlic in the corn mustard dressing, place unpeeled garlic cloves in a small sauce pan and cover by 1inch of cold water. Bring to a boil, drain and repeat process 2 more times. Remove husks from garlic. For the corn mustard dressing, add garlic, shallots and stock to a blender and blend until smooth. Add mustard and slowly pour oil in with motor running until dressing is smooth and thickened. Stir in lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Store covered in refrigerator until ready to use. For the mushrooms, heat the clarified butter in a large saute pan and saute the mushrooms until barely tender and still holding their shape. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper, set aside and keep warm. For assembly of the salad, lightly toss the greens with some of the honey lemon vinaigrette and arrange attractively on plates with the mushrooms. Spoon the corn mustard dressing around and garnish with the dill sprigs, fried capers and cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar, 4 tablespoons fresh squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot, 4 tablespoons fragrant honey, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons poached garlic, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 14 cup double strength, unsalted chicken or vegetable broth, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard or to taste, 12 cup Spectrum Naturals unrefined corn oil found in health food stores, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 3 tablespoons clarified butter or olive oil, 1 12 pounds wild mushrooms such as oyster, chanterelle, alba or best available, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 8 cups loosely packed mixed young savory greens such as arugula, cress, mizun and, tat soi, Honey Lemon Vinaigrette, Corn Mustard Dressing, Fresh dill sprigs, Fried capers, Shaved Parmesan or dry Jack cheese], title: Wild Mushroom Salad with Corn Mustard Dressing, picturelink: null}, 4309: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, mix together the chickpea flour and water, until all the lumps are gone and the consistency is even. Add 2 tablespoons of olive oil, the salt and black pepper, to taste, and mix thoroughly. Let the mixture rest for about an hour.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSpread the remaining olive oil on a 14inch pizza pan and pour the batter into the central part of the pan without shaking it. The pan should remain completely oiled with the batter floating on top.nBake for 35 minutes, or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 pound chickpea flour, 6 13 cups cold water, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: La Cecina, picturelink: null}, 4310: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nMix marinade ingredients in a baking pan. Add salmon, turn to coat, and marinate for 10 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix walnuts, croutons, oregano, chives, olive oil, and lemon juice. On a grill, place salmon meat side down for 4 minutes or until seared. Remove and place on foil lined baking sheet, skin side down. Lightly brush with marinade. Sprinkle crust on top. Bake for 4 to 8 minutes, or until the salmon is cooked to the desired doneness and the crust is golden., ingredients: [12 cup white wine, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon crushed rosemary, 12 teaspoon crushed thyme, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 4 8 ounce salmon fillets, skin on, 1 cup finely chopped walnuts, 1 cup finely chopped croutons, 1 tablespoon chopped oregano, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Denises Walnut Crusted Salmon, picturelink: null}, 4311: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large 12inch saute pan and add the pancetta. Cook over medium heat, stirring often, until the fat is rendered and the pancetta is golden brown and crisp, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove the pancetta to a plate lined with a paper towel.nAdd the Brussels sprouts, salt, and pepper to the fat in the pan and saute over medium heat for about 5 minutes, until lightly browned. Add the raisins and chicken stock. Lower the heat and cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the sprouts are tender when pierced with a knife, about 15 minutes. If the skillet becomes too dry, add a little chicken stock or water. Return the pancetta to the pan, heat through, season to taste, and serve.nPlace the chickens, onions, carrots, celery, parsnips, parsley, thyme, dill, garlic, salt, and peppercorns in a 16 to 20quart stockpot with 7 quarts of water and bring to a boil. Skim the surface as needed. Simmer uncovered for 4 hours. Strain the entire contents of the pot through a colander, discarding the chicken and vegetables, and chill. Discard the hardened fat, and then pack the broth in quart containers.nYield: 6 quarts, ingredients: [2 tablespoons good olive oil, 6 ounces Italian pancetta or bacon, 14inch dice, 1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts 2 containers, trimmed and cut in 12, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup golden raisins, 1 34 cups Homemade Chicken Stock, recipe follows, or canned broth, 3 5pound chickens, 3 large onions, unpeeled and quartered, 6 carrots, unpeeled and halved, 4 celery stalks with leaves, cut in thirds, 4 parsnips, unpeeled and cut in 12, optional, 20 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 15 sprigs fresh thyme20 sprigs fresh dill, 1 head garlic, unpeeled and cut in 12 crosswise, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns], title: Brussels Sprouts Lardons, picturelink: null}, 4312: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine three cups of the milk, the pumpkin puree, cinnamon, allspice, cloves and ginger. Whisk to combine and then set over mediumlow heat and bring to a gentle simmer.nWhisk together the sugar, cornstarch and salt in a large bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks and the remaining 1 cup milk.nWhisk half of the hot milkpumpkin mixture into the egg mixture until smooth, then gradually whisk the eggmilkpumpkin mixture back into the saucepan. Continue to cook, now over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils. Continue to cook, whisking constantly, until it has thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla and butter.nTo assemble, layer the cookies and pudding mixture in a serving dish or parfait glasses. Cover the pudding with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold at least 2 hours., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, One 15ounce can pumpkin puree do not use pumpkin pie mix, about 1 12 cups, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 14 cup sugar, 13 cup cornstarch, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 to 12 ginger snap cookies], title: Valeries Pumpkin Pudding for Wolfie, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 4313: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nRub the corn with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Arrange the corn on a baking sheet and roast, turning once, for 15 minutes. When cool enough to handle, cut the kernels from the cob.nLower the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 1quart souffle dish or glass baking dish. In a medium saucepan, heat the milk until just boiling. Slowly add the cornmeal, whisking constantly. Cook the mixture, whisking, until thick and smooth, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Let cool slightly. Stir in the egg yolks and mustard and combine well. Stir in the corn and cheese.nIn a bowl with an electric mixer, beat the egg whites until the just hold stiff peaks. Gently fold egg whites into cornmeal mixture until just combined. Pour batter into prepared dish and bake in middle of oven until just puffed and golden, about 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 ears fresh corn, 1 teaspoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 cups milk, 23 cup cornmeal, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 cups colby or cheddar cut into 12inch cubes], title: Roasted Corn and Colby Spoonbread, picturelink: null}, 4314: {instructions: In a large, heavy bottom saucepan over medium heat add the butter and leeks and cook until the leeks are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Once the leeks are tender add the flour, stirring well and cook until all of the flour has been incorporated. Add the stock, cauliflower and the potato and bring the mixture to a boil. Once boiling, reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, and let cool for about 5 minutes. Add the soup, in batches, to a food processor or blender and puree. Return the soup to the original saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the cream and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 to 12 minutes to allow the soup to thicken. Stir in the sage. Ladle the soup into serving bowls and garnish with tarragon or chives., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium leek, white bottom portion only, chopped, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups chicken stock or broth, 1 head cauliflower, cut into bitesize pieces, 1 medium potato, peeled and diced, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage, Freshly chopped tarragon leaves or chives, for garnish], title: Cauliflower Soup, picturelink: null}, 4315: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together the wine, pisco, orange juice, LemonLime Simple Syrup, apples, lemons, limes, oranges and mint in a pitcher. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours.nCombine the sugar and34 cup water in a small saucepan, bring to a boil over high heat and cook until the sugar is completely dissolved. Add the lemon and lime slices and let sit at room temperature until cool. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Remove the fruit and store in a covered container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 bottle fruity dry white wine, such as sauvignon blanc, 1 12 cups pisco brandy, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup LemonLime Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 Gala apple, cored, halved and thinly sliced, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored, halved and thinly sliced, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 1 lime, thinly sliced, 1 orange, halved and thinly sliced, Small bunch fresh mint, leaves removed, 1 cup sugar, 2 thin slices fresh lemon, 2 thin slices fresh lime], title: Pisco Sour Sangria, picturelink: 0tIbWOyf6sPPPrKKDZsYkNaWNCgHkya}, 4316: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the meatballs: Stir the first 6 ingredients in a large bowl to blend. Stir in the cheese, beef and pork. Using 1 12 teaspoons for each, shape the meat mixture into 1inchdiameter meatballs. Place on a baking sheet.nTo make the soup: Bring the broth to a boil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the meatballs and curly endive and simmer until the meatballs are cooked through and the curly endive is tender, about 8 minutes. Whisk the eggs and cheese in a medium bowl to blend. Stir the soup in a circular motion. Gradually drizzle the egg mixture into the moving broth, stirring gently with a fork to form thin stands of egg, about 1 minute. Season the soup to taste with salt and pepper.nLadle the soup into bowls and serve. Finish soup with parmesan cheese if desired., ingredients: [1 small onion, grated, 13 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 slice fresh white bread, crust trimmed, bread torn into small pieces, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 8 ounces ground beef, 8 ounces ground pork, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 pound curly endive, coarsely chopped 1 pound of escarole would be a good substitution, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Italian Wedding Soup, picturelink: Md3SecXnNkcEX1MTUvgbeZ5D.1kaEca}, 4317: {instructions: Wash cockles or clams under cold running water and scrub with a stiff brush. Place in a large bowl, cover with a wet towel, and reserve in the refrigerator.nCore and seed peppers. Cut into fine julienne, about 2inches long. Cut onion, zucchini, and yellow squash into similar julienne. Cut sausage or prosciutto into thin 2inch lengths and finely julienne.nGrease both halves of the interior of a cataplana, or large heavy Dutchoven kettle, with butter. Put the clams in first, then the julienned vegetables, sausage, tomato, fish stock, Port, and pepper. Tightly close the two halves of the cataplana, using the pin and the clips on the outside to get a snug fit. Then place the closed dish over high heat for 10 minutes, or until the shells open. Just before the 10 minutes are up, open the cataplana, add the lemon juice and close it again for a minute or two.nRemove the cataplana from the stove and open it at the table. Sprinkle with chopped parsley, ladle into soup bowls, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 pounds cockles littleneck or other small clams may be substituted, 1 red bell pepper, 1 green bell pepper, 1 onion, 1 small zucchini, with skin, 1 small yellow crookneck squash, with skin, 1 hard, smoked linguica sausage about 6 ounces, or prosciutto, 1 large ripe tomato, seeded and diced, 2 or 3 cups fish stock or clam juice, 34 cup white Port wine, Freshly ground pepper, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Cataplana, picturelink: null}, 4318: {instructions: In a bowl combine hot milk, butter, sugar, and salt and let cool. In a large bowl combine warm water and yeast, stirring to dissolve. Add cooled mixture, the egg, and 1 12 cups of flour and beat well. Mix in remaining flour. On a lightly floured board knead the dough until smooth and elastic. Transfer the dough to a buttered bowl and roll the dough around to coat. Cover with plastic wrap or a cloth and set in a warm, draftfree place until the dough doubles in size.nIn a bowl soak dried fruit in warm water to cover for 15 minutes. Drain fruit, discarding water, and chop fine. In a small bowl stir together the fruit and pecans.nIn a small bowl stir together the sugar and cinnamon.nGrease a large flat baking sheet. Punch down the dough and on a lightly floured surface roll out the dough into a 12 by 17inch rectangle. Brush the dough with melted butter and sprinkle the fruit and nut mixture evenly over the buttered dough. Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar mixture evenly over the filling. With the long side facing you roll the dough jellyroll fashion and place seamsidedown. Bring ends around to form a ring and pinch edges to seal. With scissors, snip into ring every 1inch and twist slices so cut sides are up. Cover and let rise in a warm, draftfree place until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBake tea ring for 35 to 40 minutes until golden brown. Transfer ring to a rack placed over a sheet of wax paper and allow to cool for 10 minutes. In a small bowl whisk together confectioners sugar and water until smooth. Drizzle icing over tea ring., ingredients: [12 cup scalded milk, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons warm water 105 to 115 degrees F., 1 packet active dry yeast, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 2 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 34 cup dried sour cherries, dried cranberries or raisins, 34 cup pecans, toasted and finely chopped, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons water], title: Sour Cherry and Pecan Tea Ring, picturelink: null}, 4319: {instructions: For the ribs: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLay the short ribs meaty side up in a large roasting pan and season with salt and pepper. Scatter the carrots, celery, onion, garlic, bay leaf, and rosemary around the ribs. Add the chicken broth and vinegar. Set the pan directly over 2 burners and bring to a simmer over high heat. Lay a sheet of parchment paper over the ribs and transfer to the oven. Cook until the meat is forktender, about 2 hours. Remove from the oven and cool in the liquid, about 30 minutes. The dish can be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead, covered, and refrigerated.nFor the coating: Whisk the mustard with the honey, water, and 12 teaspoon of the salt. Pulse the bread to make coarse bread crumbs in a food processor. Add the garlic, parsley, olive oil, remaining 12 teaspoon salt, and the pepper, to taste, and pulse briefly to combine. Transfer mixture to a shallow bowl.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRemove the ribs from the braising liquid reserve liquid for other uses and pat dry. Brush the meaty side of each rib with some of the mustard mixture, then press it into the bread crumb mixture to coat. Arrange the ribs on a baking sheet and roast until the bread crumbs are brown and crisp, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve the ribs hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [8 pieces English cut beef short ribs, about 6 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium carrots, peeled and sliced, 2 ribs celery, sliced, 1 large onion, quartered, 6 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 212 cups homemade chicken broth or lowsodium canned, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 13 cup dry mustard, 13 cup honey, 1 tablespoon water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 ounces sourdough bread, crusts trimmed, and torn into large chunks, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Deviled Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 4320: {instructions: Heat olive oil. When hot add onion and cook, covered for 5 minutes or until tender. Add garlic, chili, cumin and cinnamon and saute for a few seconds. Add cider vinegar and cook a minute. Add tomatoes, and simmer uncovered for 5 minutes.nAdd beans and turkey and cook for 5 minutes or just until turkey is cooked through. Dont overcook or turkey will dry out.nServe with corn tortillas or rice. To reheat corn tortillas  dip them briefly in water, then reheat on an ungreased griddle pile them in foil and keep warm in oven or in a cloth., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 onion, finely sliced, 2 garlic cloves, minced or crushed, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 28ounce can plum tomatoes, drained and chopped, 16 to 19ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 pound boneless skinless turkey breast, cut into 34inch cubes, Garnish  sour cream, seeded red bell pepper cut into 12 inch dice cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, About 12 corn tortillas], title: Easy Turkey Chili, picturelink: null}, 4321: {instructions: Warm the chicken broth and rosemary in a saucepan over medium heat set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook until crisp, 4 to 5 minutes remove to a plate with a slotted spoon. Add the mushrooms to the pot and cook until slightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove to the plate set aside.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the pot add the onion and cook until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the rice and toast, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the wine and cook, scraping up any browned bits, until the wine is absorbed, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd 3 cups warm broth and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring, until most of the liquid is absorbed, 8 to 10 minutes. Add 3 more cups broth return to a simmer and cook, stirring, until the rice is just tender, about 13 minutes.nRemove the pot from the heat stir in the pancetta, mushrooms, butter, cheese and chives. Stir in more hot broth if the risotto is too thick season with salt and pepper. Top with more chives.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [6 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 sprig rosemary, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 4ounce package diced pancetta, 12 ounces sliced wild mushrooms about 4 cups, 12 onion, diced, 1 12 cups arborio rice, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 12 ounces, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, plus more for topping, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Mushroom and Pancetta Risotto, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 4322: {instructions: Put 4 serving plates in the refrigerator to chill.nIn a large bowl, whisk the apple juice concentrate, lemon juice, sour cream and salt. Add the apples, fennel, raisins, walnuts, mint and Roquefort and toss gently just until combined. Divide on serving plates. Just before serving, toast the bread and cut each slice diagonally into quarters. Arrange around the salads and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup sour cream, Pinch salt, 1 sweet red apple do not peel, cored and diced, 1 tart green apple do not peel, cored and diced, 14 cup fennel, diced, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped, 2 leaves fresh mint, shredded, 14 cup strong blue cheese, crumbled recommended: Roquefort, 4 slices cinnamonraisin bread], title: Dessert Waldorf Salad with Roquefort, picturelink: OXBiBxRklpVPqN1XNgrzfswLIAYhve}, 4323: {instructions: Put all of the ingredients in a large pot. Season with some salt and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil. As soon as the shrimp reaches a boil, remove from the heat, strain the water and plunge the shrimp into ice water to stop the cooking. Allow the shrimp to chill for about 10 minutes.nPut all ingredients in a food processor and pulse a few times to blend the pesto. You do not want it completely smooth, leave it a little rough. After the shrimp are cooled, strain the water and toss the shrimp with the pesto, season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [5 pounds 21 to 25 count shrimp, raw, peeled, and deviened, 2 lemons, cut in 12, 2 cups white wine, 1 bunch parsley, 10 white peppercorns, 1 cup basil leaves, 1 tablespoon toasted pine nuts, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Salt and pepper], title: Basil Poached Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 4324: {instructions: Combine the milk, water, and cornmeal in a medium sized saute pan. Cook over low heat stirring constantly with a whisk until the mixture thickens approximately 12 hour. After removing from the heat stir in 1teaspoon butter and 1 teaspoon olive oil.nIn a saute pan, cook the mushrooms over high heat with 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter for 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nHeat 1tablespoon olive oil in a saute pan. Lightly flour the cod with the instant flour. Place the fish in the pan and add 1tablespoon butter. Cook for 3 minutes and then turn over. Place the pan in a 400degree F oven for 2 minutes to finish cooking the fish. Salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace a small mound of the polenta in the center of the plate. Place the cod directly on top of the polenta. Spread some of the mushrooms around the fish and drizzle the olive oil and balsamic vinegar around the edge of the plate., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 34 cup water, 12 cup stone ground white cornmeal, Unsalted butter, Full flavored extravirgin olive oil, 12 ounces mixed wild mushrooms washed and dried, Quick mixing instant flour, 4 6 ounce pieces cod, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 15 year old balsamic vinegar], title: Fish with Polenta and Mushrooms: Merluzzo con Polenta e Funghi, picturelink: BMQPco2aMMDOUS9wtCRiCV2DUt9BViS}, 4325: {instructions: Crush blueberries and basil with wooden spoon in 1quart glass measuring cup. Stir in Pure Leafu2122 Not Too Sweet Peach Tea. Strain and serve in icefilled glasses. Garnish, if desired, with additional blueberries and basil.nFor a pitcher, simply double the recipe.nFor a cocktail version, simply add u00bc cup light rum., ingredients: [u00bc cup blueberries, 5 large fresh basil leaves, 1 bottle Pure Leafu2122 Not Too Sweet Peach Tea], title: Peach BlueberryBasil Iced Peach Tea, picturelink: YEWRXDK0FBnqRGW2zYOyrFQLof3TzMa}, 4326: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F. Place a large about 12cup ovenproof dish over medium heat, about 1 minute. Add in the olive oil, the onion, garlic and sea salt. Saute until the onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the rice to the dish and stir for another minute or until the rice is lightly coated in oil and light gold in color.nAdd the stock and the tomatoes to the dish. Bring the mixture to a simmer. Stir in the tuna, zucchini, and season with the black pepper, to taste. Cover the dish, with a lid or aluminum foil, and bake until the rice is tender and cooked through, about 30 minutes. Scatter the parsley over the top of the risotto and sprinkle with grated Parmesan cheese, if desired, before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, optional, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 cup arborio rice, 1 12 cups chicken stock or water, 1 14ounce can crushed Roma or Plum tomatoes, 1 6.4ounce can packed tuna in spring water, drained recommended: Sirena, 3 zucchinis, thinly sliced, Freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Parmesan, for garnish, optional], title: Baked Risotto with Tuna, picturelink: null}, 4327: {instructions: In a large stock pot add the water and enough kosher salt until it tastes like saltwater. Bring the water to a simmer and remove from heat.nWhile waiting for water to boil, the mozzarella curd needs to be shaved with a sharp knife into thin layers and set aside in a large bowl.nWhen water is ready, ladle over the shaved curd, just enough to cover. Allow curd to warm before you begin forming your mozzarella. Using a wooden spoon, stir the mixture until the curd begins to pull you should have a string like effect. Work quickly with the curd to achieve a consistent silken texture. Hold the cheese in the bowl with wooden spoon and pour off excess water. Take the cheese in your hands and begin to fold under itself creating a round shape of desired size. Pinch between your thumb and index finger, place fresh mozzarella in a bowl of cool water, continue this process until all the fresh mozzarella is formed., ingredients: [2 gallons water, Kosher salt, 1 pound fresh mozzarella curd], title: Fresh Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 4328: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPut the mushrooms on a baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside.nMix together the milk, halfandhalf, oregano, eggs and some salt and pepper in a large pitcher or bowl. Set aside.nSet a large skillet over medium heat and add the sausage patties. Cook until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Set aside to cool, then chop into cubes.nIn the same skillet from the sausage, heat some olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Throw in the kale and cook until slightly wilted, 2 minutes.nGrease a lasagna pan with some butter. Layer half the bread, half the kale, half the mushrooms, half the sausage and half the cheese in the prepared pan. Repeat with the other half of the same ingredients, ending with the cheese. Slowly pour the egg mixture all over the top. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nTwenty to thirty minutes before baking, remove the lasagna pan from the fridge. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nReplace the plastic wrap on top of the strata with aluminum foil. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes, then remove the foil and continue to bake until the top is golden brown and slightly crisp, 10 to 15 minutes more keep a close eye on it., ingredients: [16 ounces white mushrooms, halved, Olive oil, for drizzling and frying, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups whole milk, 12 cup halfandhalf, 14 cup minced fresh oregano, 12 large eggs, 2 pounds breakfast sausage patties, 1 large bunch regular kale, torn into pieces, Butter, for greasing the lasagna pan, 1 loaf crusty French bread or ciabatta, cut into cubes, 2 12 cups freshly grated Monterey Jack cheese], title: Sausage Kale Strata, picturelink: 2NoUOQ78ix9OVD6cBAB8hZyKkL5IH7e}, 4329: {instructions: Soak chicken pieces in salted water 1 tablespoon of salt per quart of water for at least 1 hour. Pat dry.nMix flour, paprika, salt and pepper in a large plastic bag. Coat the chicken with the seasoned flour mixture.nHeat the shortening in a large deep skillet over mediumhigh heat to 360 degrees F. Toss the onions in the hot oil and fry until dark brown, about 12 minutes the browned onions flavor the oil. Shake any excess flour from the chicken pieces then add them to the onions. Fry the chicken until it is crisp and brown on the first side, about 10 minutes. Turn the pieces of chicken over and continue cooking until the juices run clear, approximately 20 minutes remember the legs may take a little longer than the breasts. Transfer the chicken to a rack to drain. Discard the onions. Serve the chicken hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 pounds Chicken, quartered, Kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons paprika, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups vegetable shortening or corn oil, 2 large onions, thickly sliced], title: Chalfonte Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 4330: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the guacamole:nIn a medium bowl, coarsely mash the avocado. Lightly mix in the onion, cilantro and the lime juice. Season the guacamole liberally with salt and pepper.nTo make the chips:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBrush each tortilla lightly with oil. Slice the tortillas into 8ths. Using 2 baking sheets, distribute half the chips onto each sheet, making sure they are evenly spread out and not overlapping. If the chips overlap they will not crisp in the oven. Bake on the top rack until golden and crispy, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven to a serving bowl. Season with salt and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 firm, ripe avocados, halved, pitted, and peeled, 12 medium white onion, minced about 4 tablespoons, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 medium lime, freshly squeezed about 2 tablespoons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 fresh corn tortillas, 12 cup vegetable oil, Kosher salt], title: GameWinning Guac with Fresh Baked Tortilla chips, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 4331: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine cake mix, oil and eggs in a bowl and mix well. Stir in toffee bits and instant coffee mix. Drop by teaspoons on ungreased cookie sheet and bake at for 8 to 10 minutes.nUpon removing from oven, let the cookies stand on sheet for 2 minutes, then cool on racks., ingredients: [One 18 14ounce box milk chocolate cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 eggs, 13 cup 8ounce package toffee chips recommended: Heath Toffee Bits, 3 teaspoons toffee cappuccino mix recommended: Hills Brothers English Toffee], title: Stephanie Tylers Chocolate Surprise Cookies, picturelink: FB9hdK8GkMAX5gMgWfNDSbcEuyXc8gu}, 4332: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSaute onion in hot oil in a 10inch castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat 3 to 4 minutes or until tender. Stir in beans and next 8 ingredients. Bring to a boil reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 15 minutes.nCombine baking mix, egg, and milk in a medium bowl, stirring until smooth. Fold in 12 cup cheese and 14 cup cilantro pour over simmering chicken mixture.nBake for 20 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in topping comes out clean. Sprinkle with remaining 12 cup cheese and remaining 14 cup cilantro. Sprinkle avocado slices with lime juice, and arrange over cobbler. Serve with sour cream., ingredients: [1 medium onion, sliced, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, One 10ounce can diced tomatoes and onions with lime juice and cilantro, One 10ounce can enchilada sauce, 2 cups cubed cooked chicken, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground pepper, 1 12 cups allpurpose baking mix, 1 large egg, 23 cup milk, 1 cup 4 ounces shredded extrasharp Cheddar, divided, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, divided, 2 avocados, sliced, 1 tablespoon lime juice, Sour cream], title: Spicy TexMex Chicken Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 4333: {instructions: Trim ends of beans. In large skillet melt butter and add beans, garlic and water. Stir and cook quickly over high heat until tender, ingredients: [1 12 pounds green beans, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablesoons butter, 12 cup of water], title: Sauteed Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 4334: {instructions: Add the pepperoni to a soup pot over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the pepperoni render their fat and get crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the pepperoni with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Set aside.nLower the heat to medium add the mushrooms, garlic, onions, oregano and 1 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables soften and the mushrooms release their liquid, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the broth, marinara sauce and Parmesan cover the pot and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, about 15 minutes.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the broiler to mediumhigh. Put the bread on a baking sheet. Brush the bread with the oil and sprinkle with 14 teaspoon salt. Broil the bread until crisp and brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip the bread and sprinkle with 1 cup mozzarella. Broil until the mozzarella melts and is brown and bubbly, about 2 minutes.nLadle the soup into 8 serving bowls. Sprinkle each bowl with the remaining 12 cup mozzarella, then top each with a bread half, meltedcheeseside up, and some of the pepperoni. Sprinkle with some Parmesan and basil if desired., ingredients: [3 34 ounces thinly sliced pepperoni, 16 medium white button mushrooms, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 small red onion, sliced 18inch thick, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth or stock, One 32ounce jar marinara sauce, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, 4 slices sourdough whole wheat bread, halved, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella, 14 cup torn fresh basil leaves, for serving, optional], title: Pepperoni Pizza Soup, picturelink: JUi2Bm91fH.lGZ9yh9E0IXp5TcT0FFq}, 4335: {instructions: Add the halfandhalf and lemon juice to the jam in the jam jar or combine them in a jar with a lid. Stir to combine. Add the confectioners sugar, cover with the lid and shake until a uniform, pourable consistency.nServe drizzled over your favorite Bundt or pound cake., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon strawberry jam, 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted], title: Strawberry Jam Glaze, picturelink: RHdTeUfox2ccibFR7dxphnPUyNfY5V6}, 4336: {instructions: Special equipment: 12x 10 baking dishnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPuree 4 cups of the corn in a food processor or with an immersion blender. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in the remaining 2 cups corn and the sugar, salt, scallions, red peppers, flour and 2 cups of the Monterey Jack. In a separate bowl, whisk together the eggs and cream until just combined stir into the corn mixture.nPut the butter in a 10by12inch baking dish and place in the oven until melted, about 10 minutes. Pour the batter into the hot baking dish and sprinkle the top with the remaining 1 cup Monterey Jack. Place the baking dish on the middle oven rack with a baking sheet on a lower rack to catch any drips.nBake until the pudding is puffed and bubbling and the cheese is golden brown, 45 to 60 minutes. Let cool for 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [36 ounces frozen corn kernels, thawed and drained, room temperature 6 cups, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons coarse salt, 6 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 small or 1 large red bell peppers, diced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 9 ounces grated Monterey Jack 3 cups, 8 large eggs, room temperature, 1 cup heavy cream, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Corn Pudding, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 4337: {instructions: Render bacon slowly in nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat until crisp. Remove bacon from pan, reserve for garnish, and heat fat on mediumlow. Add onion and cook for 3 minutes. Add garlic and continue cooking until onions are translucent. Do not allow garlic to burn. Transfer onions and garlic to a soup pot. Add carrots, tomatoes, and season with salt and pepper. Cook on medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the beans, red peppers, chicken broth, zucchini, and yellow squash. Bring to a boil. Add basil and oregano. Cover, reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Spray baguette slices with cooking spray and lightly toast in oven. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese and paprika on toast and toast until light brown and bubbly.nFive minutes before serving, add Gouda cheese to soup and allow a few minutes for cheese to soften. Ladle soup into serving bowls. Sprinkle reserved bacon over top. Place 2 slices of toast per serving on top of soup.nMix flour and salt in a bowl. Remove 13 cup of the mixture and set aside. Add the chilled shortening and, using a pastry cutter, incorporate until shortening and flour become peasized be patient, set aside. Use reserved 13 cup of floursalt mixture and 14 cup of water, mix to make a paste. Using hands, add paste to flourshortening mixture and work it just enough for paste to cover everything  dont work it too much. Roll out dough, and then roll onto pin to transfer to pie tin. Fill with preferred pumpkin pie or other pie filling., ingredients: [10 strips bacon, diced, 1 12 cups sliced onion, 2 or more cloves garlic, mashed and chopped, 2 carrots, cut in half lengthwise and sliced, 1 14 12ounce can diced or crushed tomatoes do not drain, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 15ounce can cannellini or Great Northern beans do not drain, 2 roasted red peppers, sliced, 2 14 12ounce cans chicken broth, 1 small zucchini, sliced and chopped in large pieces, 1 small yellow squash, sliced and chopped in large pieces, 2 large leaves fresh basil, chopped, 12 leaves fresh oregano, chopped, 12 12inch slices French baguette, Vegetable cooking spray, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese, to taste, Hungarian paprika to taste optional, 12 cup smoked Gouda cheese, diced], title: J Js Smoked Gouda Vegetable Soup, picturelink: null}, 4338: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend the raspberries and sugar in a food processor or blender until pureed. Strain the raspberry puree through a sieve discard the seeds, if you wish. Set up 6 Champagne flutes and put about 1 tablespoon of raspberry puree in each glass. Add Champagne to each glass stir gently and serve., ingredients: [1 bag frozen unsweetened raspberries, thawed, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 bottle 750ml chilled brut Champagne], title: Raspberry Bellini, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 4339: {instructions: Preheat broiler to high.nCut bread in half then slit loaf lengthwise. Char the bread under broiler, then rub with crushed garlic and drizzle with oil. Cut bread into large, bite size cubes and transfer to a basket.nSlice tomatoes and arrange on a platter. Dress with lemon juice and salt.nSlice pimentos and place in a small serving dish. Slice or cube half of the manchego, leave the remainder whole with a utensil to cut with alongside. Serve on a cutting board. Place olives in a dish near cheese.nUse party picks to stack tomatoes and or cheese and olives with bread cubes to pop into your mouth. Bread cubes are tasty with meat and mushroom bites as well., ingredients: [1 loaf, 24 inches or longer, crusty bread, 2 or 3 large cloves garlic, crushed, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 4 small to medium vine ripe tomatoes, 1 lemon, juiced, Coarse salt, 4 whole pimento peppers, drained, found in glass jars with Spanish and Mexican foods in market, 1 14 pounds manchego cheese, 2 cups assorted large olives, green and black stuffed or pitted, mixed  take your pick, 3inch party picks], title: Crusty Bread, Sliced Tomatoes with Lemon, Sliced Pimentos, Spanish Cheese and Olives, picturelink: H.I2D6QEpgA0.dp3uSOJyS5Q557s5Pm}, 4340: {instructions: For the jelly confection: In a 1quart saucepan, heat the strawberry jam and liquid pectin together until smooth and lump free. Place the strawberry and pectin mixture into twelve 2ounce candy molds and cool.nFor the ganache: In a coffee grinder, combine the peanuts and agave syrup and process into a slightly coarse texture. Place the peanut mixture into a small microwaveable dish. Add the milk chocolate and heavy cream and microwave until smooth, about 30 seconds. Pour the mixture on top of the strawberry jelly in the candy mold. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Remove from the candy molds and serve.nFor the curds and whey: Mix the heavy cream and sugar together. Scoop the mixture into a ceramic spoon. Garnish with fresh cheese curds. Drizzle with vanilla syrup. Serve alongside the candy molds., ingredients: [8 ounces strawberry jam, 8 ounces liquid pectin, 8 ounces dry roasted peanuts, 4 ounces agave syrup, 2 ounces heavy cream, 12 ounce milk chocolate, 34 ounces heavy cream, 14 teaspoon sugar, Fresh cheese curds, for garnish, Vanilla syrup, for drizzling], title: Roasted Peanut Milk Chocolate Ganache and Jelly Confection, picturelink: null}, 4341: {instructions: Puree the ginger in a mini food processor with 2 tablespoons water. Squeeze and strain juice through cheesecloth or a fine mesh strainer. Discard the ginger pulp. Reserve the juice.nSift the flour, baking soda, salt and spices into a medium bowl, then whisk in the pepper set aside.nCream the butter and sugar with a handheld mixer until light and fluffy, about 1 12 minutes. Add the molasses and ginger juice and beat until evenly incorporated, about 2 minutes. Stir together with a spatula if needed. Gradually blend the dry ingredients on low speed into the butter mixture until you have a crumbly mixture. Bring the dough together by hand pressing and kneading lightly until moist, but not tacky. Divide into 2 equal portions, press into disks about 12inch thick. Wrap in plastic and chill for at least 1 hour or overnight.nPosition racks evenly in the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nDust the dough and a work surface with flour. Roll the dough about 14 inch thick. Cut out cookies into desired shapes. Transfer to a parchment lined baking sheet. Bake until the cookies are a rich tawny brown, about 18 to 20 minutes. Cool on a rack.nFor decorating: Whisk the water and egg white powder in a medium bowl until foamy and smooth. Gradually whisk in the confectioners sugar to make a smooth icing. For multiple colors divide the icing into batches and add a food coloring as desired. Spread or pipe the icing onto the cookies. Finish with sprinkles, or candies. Let rest on a rack until the icing sets, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1inch knob peeled fresh ginger or 2 tablespoons prepared ginger juice, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, 12 teaspoon freshly and finely ground black pepper, 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature cut into pieces, 1 cup superfine sugar, 23 cup molasses, preferably sorghum, 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons egg white powder, 2 cups confectioners sugar, Food coloring, sprinkles, candies, or colored sugars as desired], title: Ginger Spice Cookies, picturelink: ceSsf1TPLIFOloNVAN8TplbBb8jfY5S}, 4342: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, over medium heat, bring the water, sugar and star anise pods to a boil. Remove the pan from the heat and add the tea bags. Allow the tea to steep and cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Discard the star anise pods and the tea bags and whisk in the condensed milk. Pour into a large pitcher and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, or until ready to serve.nTo serve: Pour the tea into 4 icefilled glasses. Garnish with fresh mint leaves and serve., ingredients: [5 cups water, 12 cup sugar, 5 whole star anise pods, 8 black tea bags, 34 cup sweetened condensed milk, Ice, Mint leaves, for garnish], title: Thai Iced Tea, picturelink: LUzhooo7B1doNXRy.W66Xt0jtDHu}, 4343: {instructions: Combine the chicken, celery, carrot, red onion, mayonnaise, mustard, celery salt, granulated garlic, paprika and 1 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Mix until combined.nServe the chicken salad on the toasted rolls with lettuce and tomato.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 cups chopped rotisserie chicken, skin removed, 12 cup diced celery, 13 cup diced carrot, 13 cup diced red onion, 12 cup mayonnaise with olive oil, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, Pinch of paprika, Freshly ground pepper, 6 wholewheat sourdough rolls, split and toasted Lettuce and tomato, for topping], title: Chicken Salad Sandwiches, picturelink: wisimMUYqH5HCMExp3uD9h.z2VUBBSu}, 4344: {instructions: To make the dough, sift the flour, salt, and baking powder together. Make a well in the center, add the water and oil to it and blend until the dough is smooth. Knead the dough on a lightly floured surface for 1 minute. Cover and allow it to sit for at least 30 minutes at room temperature.nCut the broccoli rabe into 2inch pieces and blanch in a large pot of boiling salted water for 4 minutes or until tender. Drain well in a colander. Place the olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh and saute the garlic until golden. Add the broccoli rabe, red pepper flakes, and salt to taste. Saute for another 4 to 5 minutes. Remove all ingredients from the pan and allow to come to room temperature.nDivide the dough into eight equal portions, then roll them out on a lightly floured surface into 8inch rounds. Warm a skillet over high heat until a drop of water evaporates immediately upon hitting the surface. Place the pieces of dough in the skillet, dry, cooking one side until they become firm and golden, which should take less than a minute. Flip them over, cook the other side, then transfer to a plate or cutting board or just fill it in the pan, fold it over and then remove to a plate to serve hot. While the piadine are still hot, place the broccoli mixture in the center of them, fold them over to form halfmoon shapes., ingredients: [3 12 cups all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup warm water, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 pounds broccoli rabe, washed and trimmed of any tough stems, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced very thin, 18 teaspoon of crushed red pepper flakes, Coarse salt to taste], title: Piadine con Broccoli di Rape rahpay Flatbread with Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: null}, 4345: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners. Combine the flour and almonds in a food processor and pulse until the almonds are finely ground, about 1 minute. Add the baking powder, baking soda and salt and pulse to combine.nWhisk the eggs, sugar, buttermilk, vegetable oil and lemon zest and juice in a large bowl. Add the flour mixture and whisk until just combined. Divide the batter among the muffin cups, filling them threequarters of the way. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out clean, 16 to 18 minutes. Let cool in the pan 5 minutes remove to a rack to cool completely.nMake the frosting: Combine 23 cup sugar and 14 cup water in a small saucepan cook over mediumhigh heat until a candy thermometer registers 240 degrees F, about 12 minutes. Beat the egg whites in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until foamy increase the speed to medium high and beat until soft peaks form, 2 minutes. Sprinkle in the remaining 14 cup sugar and beat until stiff peaks form, 3 minutes. With the mixer running, slowly pour in the sugar syrup and beat until cool and glossy, 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd the butter a little at a time, beating until incorporated. Its OK if the mixture looks curdled at first continue beating. Beat in the food coloring, then add the lemon zest and juice and beat until smooth, 2 more minutes.nMake the candied zest: Remove the lemon zest with a vegetable peeler and slice into thin strands. Place in a small saucepan, cover with water and bring to a simmer over high heat. Drain the zest and return it to the saucepan cover with water and repeat 2 more times. Bring the sugar and 34 cup water to a bare simmer in a separate saucepan, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Add the lemon zest strands and cook over low heat, 20 minutes. Drain the zest and arrange in clusters on a parchmentlined baking sheet let dry.nFrost the cupcakes and top with the candied lemon zest., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sliced almonds, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 23 cup plus 14 cup sugar, 3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 4 drops yellow food coloring optional, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 14 cup fresh lemon juice from about 2 lemons, 4 lemons, 34 cup sugar], title: Triple Lemon Cupcakes, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 4346: {instructions: Heat a clean griddle and brush with 12 of the oil. Brush onion slices lightly with remaining oil on both sides, season with salt and pepper and place on griddle. Grill for 3 to 5 minutes on each side, or until softened and lightly charred. Transfer onions to a bowl, drizzle with vinegar and sprinkle with rosemary. Toss to separate rings and season with more salt and pepper as needed., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 pounds red onions, cut crosswise into 12inch thick slices, Coarse salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary], title: Grilled Red Onions with Balsamic Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 4347: {instructions: Season halibut lightly with salt, pepper and lime zest and set aside. Blanch chard leaves in lightly salted water for 5 to 10 seconds until softened and then immediately plunge into ice water to stop cooking and set color. Pat dry and wrap halibut pieces completely with leaves.nTo serve: Add mushrooms, scallions and olive oil to an ovenproof saute pan large enough to hold fish in one layer. Saute mushroom mixture until its just beginning to color. Place wrapped fish on top of mushroom mixture, add the wine and stock and cover. Finish cooking fish on top of stove over moderate heat or in a preheated 400 degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until fish is cooked through. With a spatula, lift fish and its mushroom bed and place attractively on warm plates. Pour sauce around and garnish with cilantro sprigs and deep fried leeks on top of wrapped fish., ingredients: [6 5ounce portions fresh halibut cut 34inch thick, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons grated lime zest, 12 to 16 large chard leaves, tough center rib removed, 2 cups sliced oyster mushrooms, 23 cup finely sliced scallions, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 13 cup dry white wine, 12 cup rich fish or mushroom stock, Thai Curry Cream recipe follows, Garnish: Cilantro sprigs and finely sliced, deepfried leeks white part only], title: Fresh Halibut Steamed in Swiss Chard with Thai Curry Cream, picturelink: null}, 4348: {instructions: Peel grapefruits and slice crosswise into thin rounds. Arrange grapefruit slices on a platter. Slice the red onion and sprinkle over the grapefruit slices. Drizzle with the olive oil and sherry vinegar and season with salt and black pepper. Sprinkle the poppy seeds over top to garnish., ingredients: [2 grapefruits, peeled, 12 red onion, peeled, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar, Pinch each salt and ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon poppy seeds], title: Grapefruit and Onion Salad, picturelink: 5a7otVO7ETD4WOII7UzHfG33tXWuOom}, 4349: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMuddle ice, lemon wedges, lime wedges, horseradish, jalapeno, and salt in the bottom of a pitcher. Add vodka, tomato juice, and Worcestershire and stir to combine. Refrigerate if not serving immediately, or pour into glasses over ice and serve., ingredients: [2 to 3 cups ice, 1 lemon, cut into wedges, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 1 tablespoon horseradish, drained, 1 jalapeno pepper, minced, Pinch salt, 2 cups vodka, 3 cups tomato juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Spicy Citrus Bloody Mary, picturelink: ezd1mjJ92zHzz8jdZWpCg.nFrKKOI0O}, 4350: {instructions: Cut the squid bodies into 14inch rings. Wash, dry and place in a mixing bowl. Puree the garlic with 14 cup of the olive oil in a blender until smooth. Pour over the squid. Add the salt and pepper, tossing well to combine.nHeat a dry, medium skillet over high heat. Then add a generous tablespoon of the remaining olive oil and heat until almost smoking. Pour in onethird of the marinated squid and saute about 30 seconds. Stir in onethird each of the tomatoes and oregano and cook about 2 minutes longer, just until the tomatoes dissolve and the garlic colors slightly. Transfer to a platter, wipe out the skillet and repeat two times. Serve hot. This dish works best when the squid is sauteed in batches. If the pan gets too crowded, it steams rather than sautes, which toughens the meat. This can be served over rice and beans as an entree, or with flour tortillas as an appetizer., ingredients: [1 12 pounds squid, cleaned, 15 garlic cloves, peeled, 12 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshlyground black pepper, 2 large tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 large bunch oregano, leaves only, chopped], title: Squid Saute with Tomatoes and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 4351: {instructions: Special equipment: An 8 or 9inch ovensafe nonstick skilletnPosition oven racks in the center and upper third of the oven, put a baking sheet or piece of foil on the middle rack and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, crumble the cookie dough into large chunks refrigerate.nStrain the peaches and gently toss in the strainer to remove all excess liquid. Transfer the peaches to a medium bowl, add the cornstarch and stir until the cornstarch dissolves completely. Add the lemon juice and cinnamon, and toss to coat. Stir in the jam.nMound the peaches in an 8 or 9inch ovensafe nonstick skillet, and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. The skillet will be pretty full, but the peaches will cook down. Simmer, partially covered, for about 10 minutes, gently stirring and turning the peaches up from the bottom occasionally.nStrew the cookie dough on top of the peaches, leaving space between chunks. Sprinkle the dough with the sugar, and bake on the upper rack of the oven until the cookie crust is golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [6 ounces refrigerated sugar cookie dough, cold about 34 cup, Three 10ounce bags frozen peaches, thawed about 6 cups, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup peach jam or preserves, 1 tablespoon raw sugar], title: Shortcut Peach Pie, picturelink: ejoAp5BaPXJK0ayZ1TBeN9OOb05HepS}, 4352: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Brush salmon with 1 tablespoon of the soy sauce. Place on a baking sheet and broil salmon for 10 minutes or until it is cooked through. In a small bowl whisk together, remaining soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, lemon juice, oil, sugar, ginger, and a pinch of salt until sugar is dissolved. Quarter pit and peel avocado and cut crosswise into 12inch slices. Add avocado to dressing and gently turn with a rubber spatula to coat. Plate salmon and divide avocado and dressing between them. Sprinkle sesame seeds over avocado., ingredients: [3 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 ounce salmon fillet, cut in half, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, 18 teaspoon sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh gingerroot, peeled and grated, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 chilled firm ripe avocado, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted], title: Salmon and Avocado with Sesame Soy Dressing, picturelink: null}, 4353: {instructions: Fill a highball glass with ice. Pour the vodka, cranberry, and grapefruit juice over the ice. Stir gently. Squeeze the lime into the drink, then drop it into the glass. Serve., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 2 fluid ounces vodka, 2 fluid ounces cranberry juice, 2 fluid ounces grapefruit juice, preferably freshly squeezed, Lime wedge], title: Sea Breeze, picturelink: eFQ95YxcAGCsDBPiZJQ2CFKeT.U7sy}, 4354: {instructions: Remove lobster head and claws. Using a large knife cut the tail shells between natural joints into 1inch thick slices. Remove flippers from the last slice. Reserve one piece of lobster meat finely shredded to add to the artichoke mushroom salad. Place some clarified butter into heated pan and add lobster medallions. Saute for 1 minute and turn. Add the 12 finely diced onion, salt and dry white wine. Cover the pan, reduce heat and cook for 2 more minutes. Add tarragon. Strain the juices from the pan and discard the onion. Place the lobster back into the pan. Add 2 ounces fresh butter and 2 tablespoons of the sherry and stir until combined. Cover and poach for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, for the salad, place alot of clarified butter into another very hot pan. Into the pan with the butter add the 12 finely sliced onion, garlic and the reserved piece of lobster. Add freshly ground pepper to the pan with the lobster, garlic and onion. Add pimento.nInto a bowl place the artichoke bottoms, the olive oil and the wine vinegar. To the bowl add the mushrooms and the lemon juice. Place the lobster medallions onto a heated serving dish with round part of the shell facing the outside. Strain the sauce onto the lobster. To the bowl, add the contents of the other pan with the mushrooms. Add a dash of sherry to the bowl and toss., ingredients: [2 1 12 pound uncooked lobster in shell, 1 large onion, 12 onion diced and 12 onion finely sliced, Freshly ground salt, 4 ounces dry white wine, 12 teaspoon dried tarragon, 2 ounces fresh butter, 2 tablespoons sherry, plus a dash for salad, Clarified butter, 8 fresh artichoke bottoms, raw and halved, 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil, 2 ounces wine vinegar, 1 garlic clove, smashed, Freshly ground pepper, 2 ounces mushrooms, finely sliced, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 pimento, thinly sliced], title: Homard au Beurre Lobster with White Butter and Artichoke and Mushroom Salad, picturelink: null}, 4355: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat.nPlace 1 tortilla onto a clean work surface. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of the cheese. Top with 12 cup of the bean chili and sprinkle with 2 more tablespoons of the cheese. Put another flour tortilla on top and carefully place in the skillet. Cook for 3 minutes until tortilla is slightly browned and cheese starts to melt. Flip and cook for another 3 minutes on the other side. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Transfer quesadillas to a cutting board. Cut into wedges and serve with sour cream or salsa.nIn a large saucepan over low heat stir together the barbeque sauce, beans, chili seasoning, brown sugar, and mustard. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to a simmer and cook for 10 to 12 minutes, stirring occasionally.nMeanwhile, set up grill or indoor grill pan for direct cooking over medium heat. When ready to start cooking oil the grate. Place hot dogs on the hot, oiled grill. Cook for 10 minutes or until heated through, turning occasionally. Toast buns on grill, if desired. Place hot dogs in buns and top with chili. Serve hot with chopped white onions., ingredients: [4 8inch flour tortillas, 12 cup shredded jack cheese, 1 cup bean chili leftover from Barbeque Bean Chili Dogs, recipe follows, 14 cup sour cream or salsa for serving, 1 cup barbeque sauce, 1 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons chili seasoning, 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 4 allbeef hot dogs, 4 hot dog buns, 12 medium onion, chopped, for serving], title: Web Exclusive Round 2 Recipe: Bean Chili Quesadilla, picturelink: tWD.du38TgYYMX0NMAsk75YnM7JiULq}, 4356: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 ice cream soda glasses, drinking straws and sundae spoonsnUsing an ice cream scoop, put 12 cup of sherbet into each glass. Scoop 12 cup of vanilla ice cream on top of the sherbet. Pour 13 cup club soda on top of the ice cream. Drizzle each glass with 2 tablespoons of raspberry syrup and garnish with fresh raspberries. Serve immediately with straws and sundae spoons.nIn a small saucepan, whisk together the orange juice and cornstarch until smooth. Add the raspberries, raspberry jam and sugar. Bring the mixture to a boil over mediumlow heat, stirring frequently. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 5 minutes. Pour the mixture through a finemesh sieve into a small bowl, pressing on the solids with a wooded spoon to extract as much liquid as possible. Cool the syrup for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 pint raspberry sherbet, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 13 cups club soda, chilled, 12 cup Raspberry Syrup, recipe follows, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 12 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 10 ounces frozen raspberries, thawed, 14 cup raspberry jam, 14 cup granulated sugar], title: Raspberry Ice Cream Sodas, picturelink: 4SJeT7p8x0RKBFEkS2gbAf.iz9Otlui}, 4357: {instructions: Heat up the extravirgin olive oil in a large pot with a lid. Add the dry chili peppers and garlic.nAdd the mussels and wine to the pot, and cover. Cook for a couple of minutes, and then add the red wine vinegar, parsley and salt, to taste. Stir well and cover. Steam until the mussel shells are fully opened.nRemove any mussels that have not opened, as well as the garlic cloves.nPlace the mussels in a bowl and drench them with broth. Serve with a spoon, as the broth is to die for, ingredients: [3 pounds mussels, rinsed, beards removed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Dry chili peppers, crushed, optional, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 cup white wine, 13 cup red wine vinegar, Bunch of Italian or flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Salt], title: Mussels alla My Way, picturelink: null}, 4358: {instructions: Squeeze a lime wedge around the rim of a glass. Pour some sugar onto a paper napkin and dip the rim in the sugar. Squeeze some more lime juice in the glass and leave the wedge for garnish. Separately, shake 6 oz. of raspberry vodka and 1 oz. of sweetened lime juice over ice. Pour mixture into the glass to serve., ingredients: [Freshsqueezed lime, Sugar, 6 oz. raspberry vodka, 1 oz. lime juice, Lime wedge for garnish], title: Raspberry Vodka Gimlet, picturelink: null}, 4359: {instructions: Cut fish into 8 4ounce pieces. Place fish in 1 layer in a shallow dish. Pour 2 cups den miso over fish, turning to coat thoroughly. Cover with plastic wrap, and marinate in refrigerator for 2 to 3 days, turning once a day. Heat broiler to high. Remove fish from marinade, and place on a baking sheet, skin side down. Broil until caramelized, 2 to 3 minutes. With a flat spatula, turn fish, and broil 2 to 3 minutes more. Serve immediatelynCombine miso and sugar in the top of a double boiler. Add sake and mirin, and whisk to combine, using a heavy whisk. Cook over boiling water, stirring frequently until sugar is dissolved and the color begins to darken, 30 to 45 minutes. Remove from heat, and cool. Yield: about 2 12 cups, ingredients: [2 pounds black cod or salmon fillets, skin on, 2 cups Den Miso, recipe follows, 1 12 cups white miso, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup sake, 34 cup mirin], title: Nobus Den Miso Marinated Fish, picturelink: null}, 4360: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 wooden skewersnWhisk the maple syrup and mustard in a small bowl.nCut the Cheddar into 8 cubes about 34inch square. Core the apple but leave the peel, cut into 8 even pieces. Thread a piece of apple and a cheese cube onto each skewer.nServe the cheese skewers with the mustard sauce for dipping., ingredients: [2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon regular or lowcarb maple syrup, 4 ounces sharp Cheddar, 12 large apple, like Gala, Macoun, or MacIntosh], title: Cheddar Apple Skewers, picturelink: null}, 4361: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat your oven to 400 degrees F.nPeel the outer layer of the broccoli stalks. Cut the broccoli lengthwise keeping the stalk and broccoli florets intact. The long broccoli spears should resemble trees. Arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss to coat and roast until nicely caramelized, about 15 minutes. Turn broccoli over and sprinkle with grated the Parmesan. Cook until the Parmesan melts, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 head broccoli, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Roasted Broccoli with Parmesan, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 4362: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nButter a 9 by 9inch glass baking dish and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the oats, sunflower seeds, almonds, and wheat germ onto a halfsheet pan. Place in the oven and toast for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.nIn the meantime, combine the honey, brown sugar, butter, extract and salt in a medium saucepan and place over medium heat. Cook until the brown sugar has completely dissolved.nOnce the oat mixture is done, remove it from the oven and reduce the heat to 300 degrees F. Immediately add the oat mixture to the liquid mixture, add the dried fruit, and stir to combine. Turn mixture out into the prepared baking dish and press down, evenly distributing the mixture in the dish and place in the oven to bake for 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool completely. Cut into squares and store in an airtight container for up to a week., ingredients: [8 ounces oldfashioned rolled oats, about 2 cups, 1 12 ounces raw sunflower seeds, about 12 cup, 3 ounces sliced almonds, about 1 cup, 1 12 ounces wheat germ, about 12 cup, 6 ounces honey, about 12 cup, 1 34 ounces dark brown sugar, about 14 cup packed, 1ounce unsalted butter, plus extra for pan, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 12 ounces chopped dried fruit, any combination of apricots, cherries or blueberries], title: Granola Bars, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 4363: {instructions: Put the flank steak in the freezer for a few minutes to aid in thinly slicing safely.nHeat 12 cup oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Dredge the shallot slices in the cornstarch and shake off any excess. Add the shallots into the heated oil and remove them to a papertowel lined plate when they become a light goldenbrown color.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water and add the pasta. Cook to al dente.nWhile pasta water comes to a boil, stem and thinly slice the mushrooms, and seed and thinly slice the sweet and hot peppers.nRemove the meat from the freezer and thinly slice into 14inch wide by 2inch pieces.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in large skillet or wok over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook in a single layer for 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the meat over and add shiitakes, sweet and hot peppers, garlic and scallions. Stirfry 2 to 3 minutes, then add the curry paste, fish sauce and stock and bring to a boil. Add in the edamame, and cook for 1 minute to heat through, then add the basil.nDrain the pasta and put into a large serving bowl. Add the beef mixture, the lime zest and lime juice. Toss vigorously and season with some black pepper, to taste. Garnish with the fried shallots sprinkled on top., ingredients: [1 14 to 1 12 pound piece flank steak, 12 cup high temperature oil, such as peanut, canola or safflower, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 shallots, peeled and thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, Salt, 1 pound wholegrain or wholewheat spaghetti, 6 ounces or 13 pound shiitake mushrooms, 1 red bell pepper, 1 red hot chile pepper, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, grated or chopped, 4 to 5 scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, 3 tablespoons curry paste, mild to medium heat recommended: Pataks, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup shelled frozen edamame, thawed, 1 cup loosely packed, basil leaves, thinly sliced or torn, 1 lime, zested and juiced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Thai it Youll Like It Hot Curry Beef Noodle Bowls, Green Melon with Lime and Lemon Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 4364: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil and prepare a bowl of ice water. Stir the spinach and basil into the boiling water and cook until bright green, about 30 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and immediately plunge in the ice water. Drain and squeeze dry, then roughly chop.nPuree the beans, cream cheese, garlic and chicken broth in a food processor until smooth, scraping the sides as needed. Transfer to a medium bowl and fold in the spinach and basil, artichokes, parmesan and 12 cup mozzarella. Add the cayenne, Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste.nMist a deep 1quart casserole dish with cooking spray. Spread the dip mixture in the dish and top with the remaining 14 cup mozzarella. Bake until golden and bubbly, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve warm with baked chips.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 10ounce bag baby spinach, 1 cup packed fresh basil, 34 cup canned cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 6 ounces Neufchatel cream cheese, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 14ounce can artichoke hearts, drained, squeezed dry and finely chopped, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 34 cup shredded lowfat mozzarella cheese, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 2 or 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, Baked chips, for serving], title: Hot ArtichokeSpinach Dip, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 4365: {instructions: Sprinkle the chuck roast with salt and pepper.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter and the canola oil in a heavy pot over high heat. Sear both sides of the chuck roast until very browned, about 5 minutes in all. Pour in the beef broth and 1 cup water. Add the rosemary, and then pour in the pepperoncini with their juices. Now cover the pot and simmer until the meat is tender and falling apart, 4 to 5 hours.nMeanwhile, heat a skillet over medium heat and add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Add the onions and saute until light golden brown. Set aside.nRemove the roast from the pot and shred the meat completely using two forks. Return the meat to the cooking liquid and keep warm.nTo serve, slice wedges out of the tops of the deli rolls. Heap a generous portion of meat on each roll, and then spoon some of the cooking liquid over the meat. Top with a few peppers from the pot and plenty of caramelized onions. Top the sandwiches with the wedges of roll and serve to a roomful of ravenous guests. Youu00bfll win friends and influence people., ingredients: [One 4pound chuck roast, Salt and black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cups beef broth, 2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary, One 16ounce jar pepperoncini, juice and all, 2 yellow onions, sliced, 10 to 12 toasted, buttered deli rolls], title: Drip Beef Sandwiches, picturelink: hrY1kGzq5265SM0P.BceGqD8zNaZIv2}, 4366: {instructions: Place the flour, salt, yeast, vegetable oil, and honey in a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Using an instantread thermometer, adjust the temperature of the water so that the combined temperatures of the flour and the liquid give a base temperature of 130 degrees if using a Cuisinart or KitchenAid or 150 degrees if using a Braun. Beat 2 of the eggs and add them to the liquid. With the machine running, pour all but 2 tablespoons of the liquid through the feed tube. Process for 30 seconds. If the dough seems too dry and is not forming a smooth ball, add the reserved liquid and process for 15 seconds more, for a total of 45 seconds. Stop the machine, and take the temperature of the dough with an instantread thermometer, which should read between 75 degrees and 80 degrees. If the temperature is lower than 75 degrees, process the dough for an additional 5 seconds, up to twice more, until the dough reaches the desired temperature. If the temperature is higher than 80 degrees, remove the thermometer, scrape the dough from the food processor into an ungreased bowl, and refrigerate for 5 to 10 minutes. Check the temperature of the dough after 5 minutes it should be 80 degrees or cooler by that time.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and place it in a large ungreased bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and ferment for 1 1 2 to 2 hours at room temperature, 70 to 72 degrees. The dough will have noticeably increased in volume and will be light and soft. Scrape the dough onto a lightly floured work surface. Gently flatten it with the palms of your hands, but do not punch out all of the air bubbles that have formed as the dough has fermented. Form the dough into a loose ball lift up one edge and fold it into the center. Do this about 4 or 5 times until the dough is formed into a ball. Return it to the bowl, cover, and let proof at room temperature until it doubles in bulk, about 1 to 1 1 2 hours. One hour before baking, put the oven rack on the second shelf from the bottom of the oven and place the baking stone on the rack. Place a pan on the bottom of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees. Scrape the dough onto a lightly floured work surface. Using a dough scraper or kitchen knife, divide it into 2 pieces. Form each piece into a log shape to be rolled like a baguette. Cover and let rest for 10 minutes. To form the dough into round turban shapes, roll one piece into a strip about 14 inches long. Taper the dough so that it is noticeable thicker at one end use both hands to roll the dough into a point on the other end. Starting with the thicker end, coil the dough so that it forms a tight spiral. Wrap it around, then tuck the thin end under the loaf to keep it from unraveling. With the palms of your hands, press the top of the loaf lightly to flatten it slightly, then transfer it to one corner of a parchmentlined baking sheet. Repeat with the second piece of dough. Place it diagonally across from the first loaf spaced about 2 inches so the loaves do not stick together as they bake. Cover with a towel and let proof for about 45 minutes at room temperature. The loaves will be visibly puffed and will increase in volume by at least half. Just before baking, beat the remaining egg with 1 tablespoon of water. Brush each loaf with the egg wash, then sprinkle the loaves with poppy seeds or sesame seeds. Carefully pour about 1 cup of warm water into the pan in the oven. Immediately slide the baking sheet of dough onto the baking stone in the oven and turn the heat down to 400 degrees. Bake for 2 minutes, then quickly open the oven door and add another 1cup warm water to the pan in the oven. Continue baking the bread for another 30 minutes. Check to see if it is browning too quickly. Reduce the heat to 375 degrees if necessary, then continue baking for another 10 to 15 minutes. The bread is done when golden brown. Insert an instantread thermometer into it, and if the internal temperature is 205 degrees to 210 degrees, the bread is done. Remove the bread from the oven and place the loaves on a wire rack to cool completely before cutting and storing., ingredients: [3 13 to 4 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon instant yeast, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 large eggs, 1 cup water, Poppy seeds or sesame seeds for sprinkling on loaves before baking], title: Challah, picturelink: null}, 4367: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSpread 12 cup of the Red ChileTomato Sauce into a medium, deep casserole.nDip tortillas in remaining tomatochile sauce, to lightly coat both sides. Spoon about 2 tablespoons of the Goat Cheese Filling on each tortilla, roll up. Repeat with remaining tortillas.nArrange rolled tortillas in casserole so they fit snugly. Pour 1 12 cups of the remaining tomatochile sauce over the enchiladas, and top with the grated cheese. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes or the enchiladas are heated through. Remove and sprinkle with chopped cilantro, dollop with sour cream, and garnish with chopped green onions.nBring 2 cups of water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add chilies, remove from heat and let sit for 30 minutes. Remove stems and seeds, place in food processor with 14 cup of the soaking liquid and puree until smooth.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook until soft. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add cumin and oregano and cook for 1 minute. Add ancho puree and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add wine, tomatoes and stock and cook for 25 to 20 minutes or until slightly thickened. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace goat cheese, garlic, pecorino Romano, and lime juice in a food processor and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, and fold in the cilantro., ingredients: [Red ChileTomato Sauce, recipe follows, 12 blue corn tortillas, Goat Cheese Filling, recipe follows, 8 ounces Monterey Jack, grated, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, for garnish, Sour cream, garnish, Chopped green onions, garnish, 2 ancho chilies, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large red onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 16 ounce can plum tomatoes, pureed, 2 cups homemade chicken or vegetable stock, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 pound goat cheese, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 14 cup freshly grated pecorino Romano, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup finely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: San Antonio Style Goat Cheese Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 4368: {instructions: Pate Sucree: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, mix the flour and sugar. Add the butter and mix until coarse and sandy. In a small bowl, whisk the egg yolk, cream, and vanilla together. Add to the flour mixture and mix at low speed just until combined. Turn out onto a work surface and form into a ball. Roll out dough to fit a 10inch tart pan with a removable bottom, lightly press it into the pan, and chill for at least 30 minutes.nFilling: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a food processor fitted with a metal blade, pulse the hazelnuts and sugar just until sandy. Do not overprocess, or the mixture will become pasty. Add the butter and process just until blended. Add the eggs and process until blended. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, add the vanilla and flour, and process until smooth. Spoon into the unbaked tart shell.nSpread 1 cup of the blueberries in a single layer over the frangipane. Bake until the frangipane is golden brown and puffy and the crust is golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool to room temperature.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the jam and water to a boil. Immediately turn off the heat. Working quickly, add the remaining blueberries all at once and fold gently with a spatula until evenly coated. Pour into the center of the tart and gently spread over the entire surface. Let cool until set, then remove the sides of the pan. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, cold and cut into pieces, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon heavy cream, 18 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 ounces hazelnuts, toasted, peeled, and cooled, 23 cup sugar, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 eggs, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups fresh blueberries, picked over, 1 cup apricot jam, 1 12 tablespoons water], title: Blueberry Hazelnut Frangipane Tart, picturelink: null}, 4369: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the walnuts in a small, heavybottomed skillet over low heat. Cook, stirring frequently, until lightly toasted and fragrant, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool completely on a small baking sheet.nHeat a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons of olive oil and the shallot and cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until the shallots have softened and are fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the farro and toast in the olive oil, stirring often, for about 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and stir in 2 cups water, the oregano and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the farro is cooked through and tender, about 25 minutes. Remove the oregano sprigs, drain the farro, and set aside.nWhisk together the lemon juice, orange juice, remaining 13 cup olive oil and remaining 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the warm farro and toss to coat. Add the kale, cherries, cucumber and walnuts and toss to combine. Crumble in the goat cheese, toss gently just to mix and serve., ingredients: [12 cup chopped walnuts, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small shallot, diced, 1 cup farro, rinsed, 2 sprigs oregano, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Juice of 1 large lemon, Juice of 1 orange, 1 small bunch Tuscan kale, stemmed and finely shredded, 12 cup dried cherries or 1 cup fresh cherries, pitted and halved, 12 English cucumber, peeled and cut into 14inch pieces, 4 ounces goat cheese], title: Farro and Kale Salad, picturelink: CtRxlS6p1qy2NO3t3WgSR4YMQbHex.}, 4370: {instructions: To make the dressing, combine the sherry vinegar, olive oil, sesame oil, lemon juice, and sesame seeds into a jar, shake well, and place aside.nTo make the Guinness soaked tuna, first combine the sugar, salt, and Guinness to make a brine. Stir well, until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Add the tuna and brine for 12 hours in the refrigerator. Remove tuna, wash under cold water, and dry with a clean towel. Slice 4inch long and 14inch thick ribbons off the tuna and wrap 1 around each of the scallops and oysters. Gently sear the oysters and scallops in a very hot fry pan, until the tuna cooks on the outside and the scallops and oysters just lose their translucence. Then remove from heat.nPlace 3 scallops on a plate. Toss the oysters with salad greens and 2 teaspoons of the dressing, and place in between the scallops. Drizzle extra dressing around the plate and serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoons sherry vinegar, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup salt, 1 14 cups Guinness, 3 sea scallops, 3 oysters, 1 8 by 34 by 2inch piece blue fin tuna, 4 cups favorite salad greens, cleaned], title: Guinness Soaked Tuna, picturelink: null}, 4371: {instructions: Arrange the greens on a platter.nCut the ends off the melon and stand upright. Trim away rind, in strips, from top to bottom as you rotate the melon. Halve and seed the melon and slice it into 1inch wedges, then cut into bitesize pieces and arrange them over the bed of spicy greens. Sprinkle with mint and lime juice and season with lots of pepper, to taste. Drizzle very lightly with a hint of honey or agave syrup and dress with a liberal drizzle of extravirgin olive oil.nIf you would like to add speck or prosciutto, tear it into large pieces and pile it in the center of the salad in a casual mound.nServe as a first or last course., ingredients: [4 cups loosely packed baby arugula or rocket or chopped large arugula leaves, 1 small, ripe honeydew melon, 12 cup chopped mint leaves, 2 limes, juiced, Freshly ground black pepper, Honey or agave syrup, for drizzling, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling, Optional ingredient: 14 pound thinly sliced speck or prosciutto], title: Green Melon Salad, picturelink: null}, 4372: {instructions: For the steak: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason the steaks with salt and pepper. Heat a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat, then add the butter and olive oil. When hot, throw in the steaks and sear for a minute on each side.nTransfer the steaks to the oven for 3 to 5 minutes for medium rare or 6 to 7 minutes if you like them cooked a little more. Remove to a board, cover in foil and let rest for 5 minutes.nFor the sauce: Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the chopped shrimp and saute until cooked, 2 to 3 minutes, then remove to a plate. Add the broth and brandy followed by the cream and crushed peppercorns. Bring to a simmer, throw the shrimp back in, add the parsley and cook for about 2 more minutes.nPour the sauce over the steaks and serve., ingredients: [Five 2inchthick beef filet steaks about 10 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon salted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 8 ounces shelled and deveined jumbo shrimp 16 to 20count, chopped, 12 cup beef broth, 14 cup brandy, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons crushed peppercorns, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Filet Steak with Shrimp Peppercorn Sauce, picturelink: kPg2XfRWB06m4nKBx1HuvNK1Sjsq3A.}, 4373: {instructions: COMBINE all ingredients in medium bowl with a whisk until thoroughly combined., ingredients: [12 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 14 cup lite soy sauce, 14 cup water, 5 tbsps. dark brown sugar, 1 tbsp. toasted sesame oil, 1 tbsp. hoisin sauce, 14 tsp. minced garlic, 14 tsp. minced fresh ginger], title: Thai Peanutty Dipping Sauce, picturelink: hQS3H1.WiUWPdSj8vUgKFX0maLp0fFm}, 4374: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and move a rack to the middle of the oven. Coat a 9by13inch baking dish with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl add the strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, raspberries, granulated sugar, cornstarch and cinnamon. Mix until the berries are evenly coated, and then pour into the prepared baking dish.nCombine the oats, flour, brown sugar, butter and salt in a medium bowl. Work the mixture with a pastry cutter or your hands until it resembles coarse meal. Spread the topping evenly over the berries, then bake until the topping is golden brown and the filling bubbles up at the sides, 45 minutes.nCool for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 4 cups fresh or frozen strawberries, hulled and quartered, 3 cups fresh or frozen blackberries, 3 cups fresh or frozen blueberries, 3 cups fresh or frozen raspberries, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups glutenfree rolled oats, 1 cup glutenfree flour blend, 1 cup brown sugar, packed, 12 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: GlutenFree Berry Crisp, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 4375: {instructions: For the topping: Grease a 12cup standard muffin tin with butter, even if using a nonstick tin. Combine the blackberries, granulated sugar and lemon juice in a small bowl. Let this macerate at room temperature for 30 minutes. Mash with a fork, then strain the juice into a small bowl and discard the solids. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the muscovado sugar and blackberry juice and cook until the mixture is smooth and slightly thickened. Divide the caramel mixture among the cups then divide the hazelnuts over the caramel.nFor the filling: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the tin on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Lightly flour a flat surface. Unfold each sheet of puff pastry onto the floured surface and lightly roll out with a rolling pin to an even thickness. Brush both sheets with the butter leaving a 1inch border on the puff pastry. Divide the blackberries over the butter. Combine the granulated sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and sprinkle over the surface of each sheet. Starting with the end nearest you, roll the pastry up snugly like a jelly roll around the filling, finishing the roll with the seamside down. Trim the ends of the roll about 12 inch and discard. Slice the roll in 6 equal pieces, each about 1 12inches wide. Place each piece, spiralside up, in 6 of the muffin cups. Repeat with the remaining pastry sheet. Bake until the sticky buns are golden to dark brown on top and firm to the touch, 30 minutes. Remove from the oven onto a baking rack and let cool for 5 minutes. Use a small offset spatula to remove the buns from the tins, and place upside down on a serving platter., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 1 cup fresh or frozen blackberries, 2 tablespoons granulated pure cane sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup packed, light brown muscovado sugar, 34 cup toasted hazelnuts, coarsely chopped, Flour, for rolling, One 17.3ounce2sheet package allbutter frozen puff pastry, defrosted, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 cups fresh blackberries, halved, 13 cup granulated pure cane sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon], title: BlackberryHazelnut Sticky Buns, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 4376: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a saucepan cover with cold water and add 2 tablespoons kosher salt. Bring to a simmer over mediumlow to medium heat and cook, uncovered, until tender, about 45 minutes. Drain the potatoes and let sit until just cool enough to handle, then peel and transfer to a bowl.nAdd the butter to the potatoes. Add the sour cream, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, and pepper to taste mash with a potato masher or fork.nHalve the garlic heads crosswise, put them on a sheet of foil and drizzle with olive oil wrap and roast at 350 degrees F, 1 hour. Squeeze out the cloves mash and stir into the potatoes. Fold in the mustard. Spoon the mashed potatoes into a serving dish and sprinkle with the bacon.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 pounds whole russet or Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt, 1 stick softened butter or 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups sour cream, Freshly ground pepper, 4 heads garlic, 2 tablespoons dijon mustard, 12 pound bacon, cooked and crumbled], title: Sour Cream Mashed Potatoes With Roasted Garlic, Dijon Mustard and Bacon, picturelink: 5RrC3ddxb2amHognOQd0iBDaGyyGk1W}, 4377: {instructions: Make the filling: In a bowl, combine well the scallion, the pork, the ginger, the bell pepper, the cabbage, the garlic, the oil, the soy sauce, the coriander, the egg, and salt and pepper, to taste, and chill the filling for at least 1 hour or overnight.nPut about 1 heaping teaspoon of the filling in the center of 1 of the wrappers and moisten the edge of the wrapper. Gather the edge of the wrapper up and around the filling and form a waist with the wrapper, pushing the dumpling from the bottom and keeping the filling level with the top of the wrapper. The filling should not be enclosed. Continue to make dumplings with the remaining wrappers and filling in the same manner and arrange them in 1 layer on a baking sheet lined with waxed paper dusted lightly with the cornstarch. The dumplings may be prepared up to this point 8 hours in advance and kept uncovered and chilled or 1 month in advance and kept covered tightly and frozen. If the dumplings are frozen, do not thaw them in advance.nIn a large nonstick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it fry half the dumplings, flat sides down, over moderately high heat for 1 minute, or until the undersides are golden. Add 12 cup water and steam the dumplings, covered, over moderate heat for 3 minutes, or until the pork is cooked through. If using frozen dumplings, fry them, frozen, for 1 minute, or until the undersides are golden, and steam them, adding 34 cup water per batch, covered, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the pork is cooked through. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the skillet and cook the remaining dumplings in the same manner. Garnish the dumplings with the coriander sprigs and serve them with the sauce.nIn a bowl whisk together the nam pla, the lime juice, the vinegar, the sugar, the gingerroot, the mint, the coriander, salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [14 cup minced scallion, 1 pound ground pork, 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 red bell pepper, minced about 12 cup, 23 cup minced cabbage, 1 garlic clove, minced, 14 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh coriander, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 60 shao mai wrappers round wrappers, see cooks note, thawed, if frozen, Cornstarch, for dusting the baking sheet, Coriander Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon nam pla, see cooks note, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon whitewine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon shredded fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh coriander, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Coriander sprigs, for garnish], title: ThaiStyle Steamed Dumplings with Coriander Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 4378: {instructions: Put the corned beef in a large pot and cover with cold water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil over high heat, then cover, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until tender, 2 12 to 3 hours, adding more water if needed to keep the beef submerged. Remove from the water and let cool 30 minutes, then cut into 1inchthick slices.nMeanwhile, make the spice rub: Whisk the chile powder, paprika, oregano, coriander, mustard powder, cumin, chile de arbol and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Set aside.nMake the sauce: Whisk the dijon and wholegrain mustards, the honey and horseradish in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Let the sauce sit at room temperature at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nSpread the spice rub on a plate. Dredge one side of each slice of beef in the rub and tap off the excess. Heat a few tablespoons canola oil in a large nonstick saute pan until it begins to shimmer. A few slices at a time, add the beef, rubside down, and cook until a goldenbrown crust has formed, about 2 minutes. Flip the slices and continue cooking another minute or two, adding more oil as needed. Serve with cabbage and the sauce.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 3pound corned beef brisket spice packet discarded, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 1 tablespoon ground dried oregano, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon mustard powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground chile de arbol, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Canola oil, For the sauce:, 12 cup dijon mustard, 12 cup wholegrain mustard, 12 cup clover honey, 14 cup prepared horseradish, drained], title: SpiceRubbed Corned Beef with MustardHoneyHorseradish Sauce, picturelink: Mum4U2JKCGYKnrlffynb8rbJIkDK04K}, 4379: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nOpen the ladyfingers and separate them. Paint the ladyfingers with coffee combined with the coffee liqueur using a pastry brush. Line 4 martini glasses with a single layer of ladyfingers, letting the cakes overlap a bit at the stem. Press the cakes down a bit to fit the lines of the glass. Beat cheese and sugar together 2 or 3 minutes. Spoon sweetened mascarpone into glasses. Top glasses off with a cap of the ladyfingers. Use any remaining mascarpone to dot the ladyfinger tops and sprinkle each glass with cocoa powder combined with a touch of cinnamon., ingredients: [1 package lady fingers sponge cakes, 12 cup strong black coffee or espresso, 2 ounces shots coffee flavor liqueur, 2 cups mascarpone cheese, available in specialty cheese case of supermarket, 12 cup powdered confectioners sugar, 14 cup cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Quick Tiramisu, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 4380: {instructions: Sprinkle the meat on all sides with the House Seasoning. Heat the oil until hot in a large pot, and then add the meat and sear on all sides. Add the carrots, parsnips and onions and saute for 2 minutes, and then add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Stir in the tomatoes, wine and bay leaf. Cook, covered, until tender, about 55 minutes. Uncover, release the steam and let rest in the pot before serving, 15 to 20 minutes.nCooks Note: This recipe can also be made in a slow cooker or conventional oven.nMix together the salt, garlic powder and pepper., ingredients: [One 2pound boneless chuck roast, cut into 1inch strips, 1 12 teaspoons House Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive or canola oil, 1 pound carrots, quartered, 1 pound parsnips, quartered, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 cups canned whole tomatoes, 12 cup red wine, 1 dried bay leaf, 1 cup kosher salt, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup ground black pepper], title: Pot Roast Stew, picturelink: eJqs4k57Dh7pWO6VckoVsyvAtHf3vfW}, 4381: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot, add the rabbit and cook until brown. Turn the rabbit over and cook the other side. Remove the browned rabbit to a plate and hold aside.nWhen all rabbit is removed, add the onion, garlic, and mushrooms. Saute until the onion is tender. Add in the browned rabbit and season with salt, pepper and red pepper flakes. Add the tomatoes, cover, and simmer for 30 minutes, or until rabbit is done. Remove the rabbit from the sauce and keep warm. Remove the cover and simmer for another 10 minutes on high heat to concentrate the sauce. Adjust the seasoning if necessary. Pour sauce on top of rabbit and sprinkle with parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 pounds rabbit meat, cut into serving pieces, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 3 large cloves garlic, smashed, 1 pound button mushrooms, cleaned and halved, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 cranks freshly ground pepper, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can peeled tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley], title: Rabbit, HunterStyle: Coniglio alla Cacciatora, picturelink: null}, 4382: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, combine cheeses, pimentos and pimento juice, onion, mayonnaise, garlic, paprika, and celery seed. Mix well and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Transfer the cheese spread to a serving bowl and serve with the bread., ingredients: [12 pound Cheddar cheese, shredded recommended: Colby, 12 pound Pepper Jack cheese, shredded, One 4ounce jar diced pimentos, plus 2 tablespoons juice, 12 red onion, diced, 1 cup mayonnaise, 3 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 teaspoon hot smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon ground celery seed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 loaf white sandwich bread, sliced into diagonal pieces], title: Easy Pimento Cheese, picturelink: tmbwvJ3fdha4LiAMLhQguIHWfjaMrMe}, 4383: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Add the ground beef to the pot, sprinkle with 12 teaspoon each salt and black pepper and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until no longer pink, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and return the cooked onions to the pot stir in the garlic.nCombine the tomato sauce, diced tomatoes, vinegar, chili powder, paprika, cinnamon, cumin, allspice, cloves and cayenne in a bowl add to the pot along with 1 cup water and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat and cook until the chili is slightly thickened, about 1 hour, 30 minutes.nServe the chili over the spaghetti top with chopped onion, pinto beans and grated cheddar and serve with oyster crackers on the side.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 sweet onions such as Vidalia, finely chopped, plus more for topping, 2 pounds ground beef chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup chili powder, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 pound spaghetti, cooked, Pinto beans and grated cheddar cheese, for topping, Oyster crackers, for serving optional], title: Cincinnati Chili, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 4384: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Toss the spring onions with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 12 teaspoon salt on a baking sheet season with pepper. Broil, turning, until charred, 8 to 10 minutes 5 minutes for scallions.nMeanwhile, combine the cumin, paprika and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a bowl. Make a deep cut lengthwise down the center of the pork, cutting about halfway through. Open the pork like a book cut crosswise into 4 pieces and season with the spice mixture.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and cook until browned on the bottom, 5 minutes transfer to a plate. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and the garlic to the pot. Cook, stirring, until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 4 minutes. Stir in the reserved tomato juices, chickpeas and roasted peppers. Add the pork brownedside up cover and simmer until cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes.nRemove the pork from the pot. Stir the almond butter, vinegar and oregano into the chickpea mixture. Serve with the pork and charred spring onions.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 bunches spring onions or scallions, halved lengthwise, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika hot or sweet, 1 large pork tenderloin about 1 12 pounds, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, juices reserved, 1 15ounce can chickpeas do not drain, 1 cup jarred roasted red peppers, drained and sliced, 1 tablespoon almond butter, 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano], title: Spanish Pork with Chickpeas, picturelink: kyWYO8WbGUzeoDgjvZT1Cbzqb94KKc2}, 4385: {instructions: Peel the plantains and cut into 14inch slices on the diagonal. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute the plantains until golden brown and soft, about 2 minutes per side. Heap the rice on a platter and top with the browned plantains. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 ripe plantains, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 cups hot cooked white rice], title: White Rice with Fried Plantains, picturelink: null}, 4386: {instructions: Mix all ingredients in microwaveable bowl.nMicrowave on high 6 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted and mixture is well blended, stirring every 2 min.nServe with assorted cutup fresh vegetables or your favorite crackers recommended: NABISCO.nAdd 1 undrained can 10 oz. diced tomatoes and green chilies to dip ingredients before microwaving recommended: ROTEL. Increase the microwave time to 8 min., stirring after every 2 min. Serve as directed.nPrepare using VELVEETA Pepper Jack Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product.nSelect a few of your favorite appetizers rather than sampling one of each to save room for your entree.nThis versatile dip can also be served cold. Just prepare as directed cool completely. Refrigerate several hours or until chilled. Serve as directed.nNutrition Information Per Serving 2 Tbsp.: 100 calories, 9g total fat, 4g saturated fat, 25mg cholesterol, 340mg sodium, 3g carbohydrate, 0g dietary fiber, 2g sugars, 3g protein, 6DV vitamin A, 0DV vitamin C, 10DV calcium, 0DV iron.nExchange: 2 FatnDietary Exchanges or Exchange Calculations based on Exchange Lists for Meal Planning 2003 by the American Diabetes Association and the American Dietetic Association.nHow to Serve it Cold: ., ingredients: [1 lb. 16 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 container 8 oz. sour cream BREAKSTONES or KNUDSEN, 1 cup ranch dressing recommended: KRAFT], title: VELVEETA Ranch Dip, picturelink: null}, 4387: {instructions: Place your berries in a blender and add the sugar and lemon juice. Blend until nice and smooth. Place a finemesh strainer over a large bowl and strain the blended berries, pressing on the solids with a spoon or spatula to get all the juices into the bowl. You only want the juice, not the seeds, so throw the solids away. Reserve about 1 cup of the berry puree in a small bowl, the rest will be for the topping. Cover and pop in the fridge until ready to assemble your parfaits.nWhip the cream and vanilla in a large bowl until stiff peaks form. Gently fold the reserved berry puree into the whipped cream. Fill a pastry bag with this berry cream and pipe into 6 tall sundae cups. If youre not serving right away, you can keep the cream in the pastry bag in the fridge. Layer the parfait glasses with whole berries, more berry cream and drizzle at the end with the reserved berry puree. Garnish with a few more whole berries and some mint., ingredients: [4 cups mixed berries, plus more for garnish, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 6 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Mint, for garnish], title: Bumbleberry Fool Parfait, picturelink: U6sTUJQHYvG3UeuMfTDJNUQrevuhAQe}, 4388: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nRinse turkey and pat dry inside and out. Season turkey inside and out with salt and pepper and pack neck cavity with 1 lemon wedge, 1 sage sprig, and 1 bread slice. Fold neck skin under body and fasten with a skewer. Fill body cavity with apple, onion, 3 sage sprigs, and remaining lemon wedge and bread slice and truss turkey.nRub turkey with remaining 3 sage sprigs and arrange sprigs on a rack set in a roasting pan. Spread turkey with butter and arrange on rack in roasting pan. Roast turkey in middle of oven 30 minutes.nReduce temperature to 325 degrees F. and baste turkey with pan juices. Add water to roasting pan and roast turkey, basting every 20 minutes, 2 12 to 3 hours more, or until a meat thermometer inserted in fleshy part of a thigh registers 180 degrees F and juices run clear when thigh is pierced. Transfer turkey to a heated platter, reserving juices in roasting pan, and discard string. Keep turkey warm, covered loosely with foil. Make gravy: Skim fat from pan juices, reserving 14 cup fat, and on top of stove deglaze pan with Sherry over moderately high heat, scraping up brown bits. Stir in cider. Bring Sherry mixture to a boil and remove pan from heat. In a heavy saucepan whisk together reserved fat and flour and cook roux over moderately low heat, whisking, 3 minutes. Add Sherry mixture and 2 cups stock or broth in a stream, whisking to prevent lumping, and simmer, whisking occasionally, 10 minutes. Whisk in additional stock or broth to thin gravy if desired. Season gravy with salt and pepper and transfer to a heated gravy boat.Garnish turkey with sage., ingredients: [12 to 14 pound turkey, neck and giblets excluding liver reserved for making stock, 12 lemon, cut into 2 wedges, 7 large fresh sage sprigs, 2 slices firm wholewheat sandwich bread, 12 Granny Smith apple, quartered lengthwise, 12 onion, quartered lengthwise, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup water, 1 cup dry Sherry, 1 cup apple cider preferably sparkling, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups turkey giblet stock or chicken broth plus additional stock or broth for thinning gravy, Assorted fresh sage sprigs], title: Roast Turkey with Sage and Sherried Cider Giblet Gravy, picturelink: null}, 4389: {instructions: To make the ice cream dome, remove the ice cream from the freezer and allow to soften slightly. Line a 3quart bowl with plastic wrap. In another bowl, beat the marmalade into the softened vanilla ice cream with a wooden spoon until combined.nSpoon 2 cups of the orangevanilla ice cream into the bowl and smooth with a spoon or offset spatula to even. Top with the chocolate ice cream, again smoothing to even, tand hen top the chocolate layer with the remaining 6 cups orangevanilla ice cream. Cover the surface with plastic wrap and freeze until the ice cream is very hard, at least 4 hours or up to 24 hours.nTurn the brownie out onto a large, flat, ovenproof plate. Unmold the ice cream dome on top of the brownie layer. Place the cake back in the freezer. Hold in the freezer until the meringue is ready.nIn electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the egg whites and cream of tartar for 2 minutes on mediumhigh speed until fluffy. Increase the speed to high and add the sugar in a slow stream until stiff, glossy peaks form, 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove the ice cream dome from the freezer. Remove the plastic wrap. Cover the ice cream dome completely with the meringue, using the back of a spoon to make swirly peaks. Alternately, place the meringue in a pastry bag fitted with a rose tip and pipe spikes for a hedgehog look. Freeze for at least 3 hours or up to 2 days.nWhen ready to serve, preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Bake until the peaks start to turn a golden brown color, 3 to 5 minutes. For easier slicing, let the cake stand for 30 minutes. Slice and serve.nPreheat your oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a 9inch round cake pan with cooking spray, line the bottom of the pan with parchment paper and grease the parchment well.nFor your brownie batter, melt your butter in a medium or large heatproof bowl over a pot of simmering water.nWhile the butter is melting, whisk the cocoa powder, sea salt and sugar in a separate bowl. The sugar and salt will work as abrasive agents to get any lumps out of the cocoa. Whisk the cocoasugarsalt combo into the melted butter until the sugar has dissolved fully. The mixture should look like fudge and pull away from the bowl into a ball. Take off the stove and set the pan on a dishtowel on your counter. Allow the fudgy mixture to cool down until its warm, but not hot anymore.nStir the vanilla into the cooled fudge mixture to loosen it up. Add the eggs into the mixture 1 at a time, adding the second egg after the first egg is fully incorporated. The batter should look shiny and well blended. Add in your flour and stir it until its fully incorporated. Once it looks fully blended, beat the batter vigorously for at least 45 strokes. Thisll not only get out any pent up stress, but it will make the brownies chewy. Fold in your chocolate chips. Spread the thick and fudgy brownie batter evenly in the lined pan with an offset spatula or your greased hands.nPop the brownie in the oven and bake until they get a nice crust and your house smells like brownies, 20 to 25 minutes. Let them cool completely on a rack or a dishtowel on your counter., ingredients: [2 quarts 8 cups superpremium vanilla ice cream, 1 12 quarts 6 cups superpremium chocolate ice cream, 1 cup orange marmalade, Decadent Brownie, recipe follows, 8 egg whites, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 cups sugar, Cooking spray, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder natural or Dutchprocess, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 13 cups sugar, 1 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: Baked Alaska, picturelink: null}, 4390: {instructions: For the broth: Place a large colander in the sink. Place the oxtails, marrow bones, beef shin and pork hocks in a large at least 8quart pot. Cover with cold water and bring to a boil over high heat. Let boil for a few minutes, then remove from the heat. Scoop out the bones and meat into the colander and discard the water. Wash the pot. Rinse off the bones and meat and put them back into the pot. Fill with fresh cold water to cover by 1 inch. Add the yellow onion halves and 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Periodically skim the foam and some, but not all, of the fat. Simmer until the meats are tender but not falling apart, 1 to 1 12 hours, then remove the beef shins and pork hocks. Do not remove the oxtails or pork neck bones at this stage, if using. When the meats are completely cool, wrap them in plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve.nMeanwhile, cut the tops off of the lemongrass stalks, about 6 inches from the base, and discard. Smash 6 of the bottom stalks with a meat pounder to bruise and open up the lemongrass. For the remaining 4 stalks, peel off 2 or 3 layers until you reach the smoother, more tender core. Quarter the peeled stalks lengthwise and then slice thinly across. Reserve the sliced lemongrass for the satay.nAdd the bruised lemongrass stalks to the broth and continue to simmer until the broth has reduced by about 10 percent from its original amount, about 1 more hour, then strain the broth into a clean pot. If using, pick the meat from the cooled oxtail and pork neck bones save the beef shins and pork hocks for later and reserve discard the bones, onion and lemongrass.nBring the shrimp paste and 2 cups water to a simmer in a small saucepan, then let simmer for 5 minutes. Skim off the foam. Remove from the heat and let sit for 15 minutes for the fine solids to settle to the bottom. Pour the shrimp water into the large pot of stock, leaving the fine solids behind.nFor the satay: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the annatto seeds and let the seeds infuse the oil and turn it red, about 1 minute. Scoop out the seeds with a spoon and discard. Add the shallots to the annatto oil and cook until starting to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic, chile flakes and the reserved chopped lemongrass and cook until the garlic starts to brown, about 3 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 4 teaspoons sugar and 12 teaspoon salt. Stir to incorporate and then cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is sticky and thickened slightly to the texture of loose jam. The satay is done when a spoon dragged across the bottom of the skillet leaves a trail and the oil begins to separate from the solids. Turn off the heat and remove half of the satay for serving. Add about 1 cup of the broth to the remaining satay in the skillet and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 5 minutes to infuse, then strain back into the pot with the broth.nAdd the remaining tablespoon fish sauce, teaspoon sugar and 2 teaspoons salt to the broth. Simmer for 15 minutes for the flavors to meld. Add the pork hocks back into the simmering broth to rewarm, and slice the beef shin meat . Before serving, taste the broth and add more seasoning, if necessary.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the noodles according to the manufacturers instructions. Drain very well, and divide among 8 bowls. Top each bowl with a pork hock, if using, some slices of shin, some oxtail and pork neck meat, if using top with scallions, white onion and cilantro. Pour hot broth into the bowls to completely cover the noodles.nServe with the reserved satay and suggested garnishes on the side., ingredients: [5 pounds oxtail andor beef marrow bones, 1 pound boneless beef shin or flank steak, 2 pounds pork hocks not smoked, cut crosswise 1inch thick or pork neck bones , 1 yellow onion, peeled and halved through the root, Kosher salt, 10 stalks lemongrass, 2 teaspoons shrimp paste, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons annatto seeds, 13 cup minced shallots, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons chile flakes, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, plus more to taste, 5 teaspoons sugar, plus more to taste, Salt, 2 pounds thick round rice noodles see Cooks Note, 4 scallions, sliced, 1 medium white onion, very thinly sliced and soaked in ice water for 20 minutes, 1 cup cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, Serving suggestions: bean sprouts, Thai basil leaves, very thinly sliced red cabbage, lime wedges], title: Bun Bo Hue Vietnamese Beef and Pork Noodle Soup, picturelink: ooecyTbUMBQQuyYNhBs4Ln1SXWWT76}, 4391: {instructions: Bring the water, butter, salt and Brussels sprouts to a boil in a Dutch oven or a large deep skillet. Cover and steam over mediumheat until the Brussels sprouts are brightly colored and just tender, 5 to 10 minutes.nRemove the lid and continue to cook until the liquid evaporates, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Saute to intensify flavors, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Adjust seasonings, including pepper to taste, and serve.nRemove Brussels sprouts from pan. Add mustard to remaining liquid in pan. Stir and make sauce.nPour over Brussels sprouts., ingredients: [12 cup water, 2 to 4 tablespoons butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pound Brussels sprouts, trimmed of yellow or wilted leaves and halved lengthwise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard], title: Brussels Sprouts with Dijon Mustard, picturelink: null}, 4392: {instructions: Make sauce: In a 9 to 10inch heavy skillet cook garlic and onion in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until onion is softened. Add tomatoes with reserved juice, wine and salt and pepper to taste and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 20 to 25 minutes.nMake gnocchi while sauce is cooking: In a small saucepan combine spinach with 12 cup water and simmer, covered, breaking up with a fork occasionally, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain spinach in a colander and rinse under cold water to cool. Squeeze spinach in small handfuls until as dry as possible and chop fine.nIn a 5quart saucepan bring 4 quarts salted water to a boil for cooking gnocchi. Set broiler rack about 4 inches from heat and preheat broiler.nIn a bowl stir together spinach, ricotta, 13 cup Parmesan, yolk, 2 tablespoons flour, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste until combined well  mixture will be very soft. With wellfloured hands form rounded tablespoons of mixture into logs about 2 inches long and 1 inch in diameter  about 18 and transfer gnocchi as formed to a sheet of wax paper.nWorking in 2 batches, carefully transfer gnocchi with a spatula to boiling water and cook until they rise to the surface, about 2 minutes. Transfer gnocchi as cooked with a slotted spoon to a buttered shallow baking dish large enough to hold them in one layer and sprinkle with remaining 13 cup Parmesan. Broil gnocchi until very hot and cheese is melted, 3 to 5 minutes.nServe gnocchi with tomato sauce., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, minced, 13 cup finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon olive oil, A 14 to 16ounce can whole tomatoes, drained, reserving juice, and chopped, 14 cup dry red wine, A 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, 1 cup wholemilk ricotta, 23 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 large egg yolk, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour plus additional for forming gnocchi, Freshly grated nutmeg to taste], title: Spinach Ricotta Gnocchi, picturelink: null}, 4393: {instructions: In a sieve over a medium nonreactive saucepot, strain the tomatoes of their juice into the sauce pot. Add the sherry vinegar, sugar, red pepper flakes, oregano, and basil to the tomato juice. Stir and cook over high heat. Once bubbles begin to form on the surface, reduce to a simmer. Allow liquid to reduce by 12 or until liquid has thickened to a loose syrup consistency.nSqueeze each tomato thoroughly to ensure most seeds are removed. Set the tomatoes aside.nCut carrot, onion, and celery into uniform sizes and combine with olive oil and garlic in a nonreactive roasting pan over low heat. Sweat the mirepoix until the carrots are tender and the onion becomes translucent, 15 to 20 minutes. Add the tomatoes and capers to the roasting pan.nPlace roasting pan on the middle rack of the oven and broil for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes. Tomatoes should start to brown slightly on edges with light caramelization. Remove the pan from the broiler. Place the pan over 2 burners on the stove. Add the white wine to the tomatoes and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes over medium heat.nPut the tomatoes into a deep pot or bowl and add the reduced tomato liquid to the tomatoes. Blend to desired consistency and adjust seasoning., ingredients: [2 28ounce cans whole, peeled tomatoes, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 onion, 1 carrot, 1 stalk celery, 2 ounces olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons capers, rinsed and drained, 12 cup white wine, Kosher salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Pantry Friendly Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 4394: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Trim the crust off of the bread, brush with olive oil, and place on a baking sheet. Cook in the oven until well browned. Next, place the arugula, cabbage, plum tomatoes, bell peppers, red onion, cucumber, and parsley in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse. While the food processor is running add the garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, V8 juice, and canned tomatoes. Refrigerate or serve immediately., ingredients: [4 pieces of white bread, cut into triangles, Olive oil for the bread, 1 bunch arugula, 14 head shredded cabbage, 3 plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 yellow bell pepper, chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 12 cup cucumber, chopped, 2 tablespoons parsley, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 14 cup olive oil, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup V8 juice, 1 small can diced tomatoes], title: Leftover Salad Gazpacho, picturelink: null}, 4395: {instructions: Poke each sweet potato a few times and microwave until fork tender, about 10 minutes, rotating about halfway through. Set aside and keep warm.nCombine the chopped carrots, onions, tomatoes, garlic, 2 tablespoons of the vinegar, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, oregano, cayenne and a few grinds of black pepper in a food processor pulse until coarsely chopped. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the vegetable mixture and cook, stirring constantly, until dry, 3 to 4 minutes. Add 14 cup water and cook, scraping up any brown bits with a wooden spoon, until the water evaporates, about 1 minute. Add the ground beef and cook, stirring and breaking it up into smaller chunks, until browned and cooked through, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat.nSplit the potatoes in half, scoop out some of the warm flesh and add it to the beef mixture stir to combine. Divide the potato halves among four plates and generously fill each half with the beefpotato mixture. Toss the shredded carrots with the cilantro, the remaining 1 teaspoon vinegar and 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Divide the carrot slaw among the four plates., ingredients: [4 small sweet potatoes, scrubbed and washed, 4 medium carrots, 2 roughly chopped and 2 shredded, 12 medium onion, roughly chopped, 1 plum tomato, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 pound lean ground beef, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Beefy Stuffed Sweet Potato, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 4396: {instructions: Remove Brie from freezer to let warm up. Carefully remove skin from mango and cut away from seed as much of meat as possible remember mangos have a flat seed, so you should be able to get 2 large meaty pieces Carefully slice mango into thin strips. By this time the Brie has begun to thaw, and should slice easily into very thin strips. Brie, being such a soft cheese, could never otherwise be sliced, unless frozen first. Lay a tortilla on a work surface and place 23 of the Brie slices on the tortilla. Add about 6 to 8 of the mango slices, and top with remaining Brie. This will glue the quesadilla together when cooked. Top with remaining tortilla and press together.nHeat nonstick 10inch saute pan and add butter on medium heat. Saute quesadilla until golden brown on both sides. Remove from heat and allow to cool 5 minutes, cut into 8 slices and top with Avocado Salsa.nIn a large bowl, mix together all salsa ingredients. Let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes to let the flavors mingle., ingredients: [1 ripe mango, 13 pound Brie, frozen, 2 flour tortillas a no lard style, preferably, 1 tablespoon butter, Avocado Salsa, recipe follows, 1 medium avocado, 2 tablespoons red onion, diced fine, Pinch garlic powder, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped cilantro, 12 teaspoon jalepeno, chopped fine optional, Kosher salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Mango Brie Quesadilla, picturelink: null}, 4397: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Set the dough of choice on a baking sheet. Spread the sauce over the top, then dot with mushrooms and cheese. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake for 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 or 2 8inch Boboli pizza crusts or, 2 6inch pita breads or, 2 10 to 12inch burrito size tortillas, 12 cup tomato sauce, 1 cup cooked mushrooms, 14 to 12 cup 2 ounces crumbled or shredded cheese like Mozzarella, goat, Ricotta or extra sharp Cheddar], title: Second Time Around Mushroom Pizza, picturelink: null}, 4398: {instructions: Place a large saute pan over medium high heat and heat the on. When hot. add the onion. Stir to coat with Oil. Saute one minute then add the peppers, Stir, saute briefly and add the eggplant. Stir, saute and add the zucchini and squash. Season with salt  pepper, and saute the vegetables until soft. another 2 minutes. Add the shallot, garlic, and thyme, stir to combine well, and saute another 2 minutes, Add the diced tomato, heat through, and reserve.nPlace olives, capers, anchovy and garlic in food processor with about half of the olive oil and puree. With the motor running, add the remaining olive oiI. ReservenWarm olive oil in a stainless sauce pot over medium heat. Add the onions and simmer for 5 to10 minutes until the onions are soft. Season with salt and: pepper. Add the chopped garlic and Herbs, simmer for 1 to2 minutes, carefully cooking but not browning the garlic the oil should seer the vegetables. Add the tomatoes, and continue cooking another 10 minutes. Place the contents of the sauce pot a food processor and pulse a few times to blend the ingredients You want the sauce to be chunky. Reserve.nPreheat grill. Brush steaks with the herb oil and season with salt and pepper. Place over white coals and grill for approximately 3 minutes. Turn steaks and grill another 3 minutes, until medium Remove.nTo assemble the mound ratatouille in the center of one plate. Place one swordfish steak on top. Put one rounded spoonful of tapenade on top of the steak and surround it with tomato fondue., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, peeled and diced, 1 each red and Yellow bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 small eggplant peeled, seeded and diced, 1 zucchini, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 yellow squash, peeled seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons diced shallot, 2 tablespoons diced garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 cup diced plum tomatoes, seeded, 1 cup mixed country olives, remove the pits, 1 4 cup capers, 2 filets of anchovy, rinsed and patted dry, 2 cloves of garlic peeled, 13 cup olive oil, 1 cup olive oil, 1 medium red onion, peeled and finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, Small pinch of oregano, thyme and bay leaf, 16ounce can italian plum tomatoes, seeds removed, 4 sevenounces center cut swordfish steaks, Herb oil a blend of a few fresh sprigs thyme, rosemary, and parsley with 2 cloves of minced garlic, Chile pepper and 12 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Sauteed Sea Bass on Ratatouille, Tapenade, Tomato Fondue, picturelink: null}, 4399: {instructions: Saute the bacon and pancetta in a heavy large frying pan over medium heat until almost crisp, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle the cinnamon over the bacon and pancetta and saute until the bacon is crisp and golden, about 2 minutes longer. Cool. Whisk in the cream, cheese, and yolks to blend.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the fettuccine and cook until it is just tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Drain. Add the fettuccine to the cream mixture and toss over mediumlow heat until the sauce coats the pasta thickly, about 5 minutes do not boil. Season the pasta, to taste, with salt and pepper. Transfer the pasta to a large wide serving bowl. Sprinkle with chives and serve., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, 4 slices pancetta, chopped, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups whipping cream, 1 12 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 6 large egg yolks, 18 ounces fresh fettuccine, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: CinnamonPancetta Carbonara, picturelink: null}, 4400: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nCut the onions in half and slice 14 inch thick. Place on a baking sheet and toss with 14 cup balsamic vinegar, the olive oil, salt, and pepper. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until the onions are tender. Remove from the oven, toss with 2 more tablespoons balsamic vinegar., ingredients: [3 small red onions, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons good balsamic vinegar, 14 cup good olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Balsamic Onions, picturelink: VbdmgkaJL7FvMbP0z0fq9Jf6BGDSFi}, 4401: {instructions: Combine the Prosecco and the grape juice in a pitcher. Pour into glasses, over ice, if desired. Garnish with lemon slices and mint leaves., ingredients: [1 bottle Prosecco, chilled, 1 12 cups grape juice, chilled, Ice, optional, 1 lemon, sliced into thin rounds, Chopped mint leaves, for garnish], title: Tiziano, picturelink: 7d5uslXbI2v9qYfZHfcl0DSL17SVM6}, 4402: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: styrofoam cone and toothpicksnFill a zip top bag with icing. Snip a small corner of the bag to make a piping bag.nPlace the styrofoam cone on a plate and frost with icing. Starting at the base and working up, secure mini doughnuts to the cone with toothpicks. Using the piping bag fill in the gaps between doughnuts with icing.nIn the larger gaps between the doughnuts, place candy mint leaves secured with toothpicks and blue jelly beans., ingredients: [1 container creamy white frosting, 2 13ounce boxes mini powdered sugar doughnuts or donut holes recommended: Hostess, Green jelly candy mint leaves, Blue jelly beans], title: Doughnut Tree, picturelink: SACz9BLe1yeF5wztz7IDd6wKSV9a}, 4403: {instructions: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. With the mixer on low, add the eggs 1 at a time. Add the vanilla and beat for 1 more minute.nIn a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. With the mixer on low, slowly add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients. Add the oats, apricots and white chocolate chips and fold to combine using a rubber spatula, making sure everything is evenly incorporated. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour before baking.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray 2 baking sheets with cooking spray.nUsing a medium ice cream scoop, drop 2inch mounds of dough onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake until golden in color, 14 to 16 minutes. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack and let cool completely., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups oldfashioned oats, 1 cup dried apricots, roughly chopped, 34 cup white chocolate chips, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking sheets], title: White Chocolate Apricot Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 4404: {instructions: Marinate veal chop in chili sauce overnight. Start eggplant by salting and pressing each half in a colander to remove excess water. Grill each half, skin side down, for 15 minutes over medium heat until skin is crisp and flesh is soft enough to pierce with a fork. Cool completely. In a food processor pulse eggplant with shallots, lemon juice and parsley until somewhat chunky. Season with salt and pepper hold at room temperature until serving time. Grill the veal chops over medium heat of grill, turning once, until medium rare. Meanwhile, heat canola oil in frying pan. In a small bowl combine flour, chili, salt and pepper set aside. In second bowl combine milk and Tabasco set aside. Alternately dip onions in flour, milk, then back to flour carefully drop into preheated oil. Fry until golden brown. Carefully remove and drain on paper towel keep warm until serving time. Garnish each veal chop with eggplant puree and onion rings., ingredients: [2 12ounce veal chops, 1 bottle Batch 31 Sauce or any chili sauce, 1 large eggplant, cut in half, 1 shallot, minced, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 bunch parsley, Salt and pepper, Canola oil, 2 cups flour, 2 tablespoons ground ancho chili, 2 cups whole milk, 2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce, 1 Spanish onion, sliced paper thin], title: Hot Voodoo Veal Chops with Charred Eggplant and Hot Pepper Onions, picturelink: null}, 4405: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil and butter in a large saute pan over high heat until almost smoking. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the shallot, season with salt and pepper, and cook until the mushrooms are golden brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in the thyme and parsley and transfer to a bowl.nDivide the meat into 4 equal portions about 6 ounces each. Form each portion loosely into a 34inchthick burger and make a deep depression in the center with your thumb. Season both sides of each burger with salt and pepper.nCook the burgers using the canola oil see Cooks Note and topping each one with a slice of cheese and a basting cover during the last minute of cooking.nPlace the burgers on the bun bottoms and top each burger with chipotle ketchup, if using, and a large spoonful of the mushrooms. Cover with the bun tops and serve immediately.nI love ketchup as much as the next American does, but when I was designing the menu for Bobbys Burger Palace, I knew that I wanted to have a little something extra to offer in the squeeze bottles. The simple addition of pureed chipotle in adobo gives prepared ketchup an exciting smoky edge, while still keeping its sweet yet tangy identity intact.nWhisk together the ketchup, chipotle, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld. The sauce will keep for 1 week in a tightly sealed container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 ounces assorted mushrooms such as cremini, lobster, chanterelles, and stemmed shiitakes, chopped, 1 small shallot, finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 12 pounds ground chuck 80 percent lean or ground turkey 90 percent lean, 1 12 tablespoons canola oil, 4 slices sharp cheddar cheese, 4 hamburger buns, split toasted, if desired see Cooks Note, Chipotle Ketchup optional, recipe follows, 1 cup ketchup, 2 to 3 tablespoons pureed canned chipotle in adobo depending on how spicy you prefer it, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Wild MushroomCheddar Burger, picturelink: YtTHJOmzpQgwqjTSej0XvnYHoHRnzcy}, 4406: {instructions: In a preheated saute pan over mediumlow heat, pan roast the garlic in olive oil, tossing only once. Allow to brown for about 5 to 10 minutes. Drain the cloves through a strainer. Allow to cool before mashing roughly with fork. Add thyme to garlic paste and mash that in as well. When they are pasty but still chunky, mix in the Dijon mustard. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Preheat a grill, or stovetop grill pan, to high.nPound the salt and pepper into the steaks to cover well. Drizzle steaks on both sides with olive oil. Place meat on grill to brown, about 5 minutes each side.nRemove steaks from grill and place on a large baking sheet. Cover top generously with garlicmustard coating. Top with large piles of Parmesan, spreading out to edges carefully with fingers. Place steaks in oven for 8 or 9 minutes.nPull steaks from oven and allow to rest for a few minutes before slicing., ingredients: [20 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh, finely grated Parmesan, 3 thick ribeye steaks about 2 to 2 12 inches thick , Grey salt and fresh ground black pepper, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Prime RibEye Steaks with Mustard Parmesan Crust, picturelink: 52rOTXefZMCPb4NqgAxa7ybGS9soW}, 4407: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper.nPulse the almonds in a food processor until finely chopped, but not pasty. Stir together the nuts, flour, zest and salt in a large bowl.nPut the sugar, cream, corn syrup and butter in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until mixture comes to a rolling boil and sugar is completely dissolved. Continue to boil for 1 minute. Remove from heat and stir in the vanilla, then pour mixture into almond mixture and stir just to combine. Set aside until cool enough to handle, 30 minutes.nScoop rounded teaspoons for 3inch cookies or rounded tablespoons for 6inch cookies of batter and roll into balls. Place on prepared baking sheet, leaving about 3 to 4 inches between each cookie since they spread.nBake 1 pan at a time, until the cookies are thin and an even golden brown color throughout, rotating pans halfway through baking time, about 10 to 11 minutes. Cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes, then transfer to racks to cool. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve.nOptional chocolate topping: Put the chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring a saucepan filled with 1 inch or so of water to a very low simmer set the bowl over, but not touching, the water. Stir the chocolate occasionally until melted and smooth. Alternatively, put the chocolate in a medium microwavesafe bowl. Melt at 50 percent power in the microwave until soft, about 1 minute. Stir, and continue heat until completely melted, about 1 to 2 minutes more.nFor sandwiches: Drop about 12 teaspoon chocolate onto on the flat side of half of the cookies and press together with remaining halves. Return to rack and let chocolate set.nFor chocolate decor: Drizzle melted chocolate over Florentines as desired. Set aside at room temperature until chocolate is set., ingredients: [1 34 cups sliced, blanched almonds about 5 ounces, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Finely grated zest of 1 orange about 2 tablespoons, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 to 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped], title: Florentines Italy, picturelink: gw96FoaO6J8WcDD1LcsUELwb4Uo02a2}, 4408: {instructions: Cut stalk of broccoli from florets. Peel the stalk and cut the stalk into 14inch rounds. Cut head of broccoli into florets.nIn a large saute pan, toast almonds until golden, about 4 minutes. Remove from pan. Add butter and when melted, add garlic and sliced stalks. Saute, until garlic turns golden and stalks start to brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the florets and continue cooking another 2 minutes. Add 14 cup water and cover pan. Cook broccoli until crisp tender, about 3 minutes more. Season with salt. Stir in toasted almonds and serve., ingredients: [1 large head broccoli, stalks trimmed, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced in rounds, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup slivered almonds], title: Sauteed Broccoli and Almonds, picturelink: GkmGWZ4shKwSNBPpIkn.CCPIqlD6yuW}, 4409: {instructions: Place the ricotta in a fine sieve over a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight.nIn a medium bowl, beat the eggs, add the drained ricotta and stir together. Gently mix in the flour, 1 teaspoon salt, pepper and nutmeg until a soft dough forms. Add a little more of the flour if the dough is too sticky.nTo form the gnocchi, dip 2 tablespoons in cool water. Using 1 spoon, scoop up a heaping tablespoon of the ricotta mixture and use the other spoon to form it into a smooth, pointed oval ball. Place the gnocchi on a lightly floured baking sheet.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Gently slip the gnocchi into the boiling water, stirring gently with a slotted spoon. Cook until the gnocchi rise to the surface, about 5 minutes. Scoop them out with the spoon.nWarm the Garden Zucchini Tomato Sauce in a medium saucepan. Add the gnocchi, tossing gently 1 minute to coat. Top with Crisp Prosciutto and serve immediately.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft and light golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the zucchini and tomatoes and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the sauce thickens, about 30 minutes. Add the basil and season with salt.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly brush a baking sheet with olive oil, and arrange the prosciutto in a single layer. Place in the oven and bake until crisp, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool on a wire rack., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh goats milk ricotta, 2 large eggs, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, or as needed, Salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Garden Zucchini Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, Crisp Prosciutto, recipe follows, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, chopped in 14inch dice, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 medium zucchini, thinly sliced, One 28ounce can peeled whole tomatoes, finely chopped, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, finely chopped, Salt, Olive oil, for brushing, 6 slices thinly sliced prosciutto], title: Goat Cheese Ricotta Gnocchi with Garden Zucchini Tomato Sauce and Crisp Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 4410: {instructions: Microwave the lemon in a small bowl to release essential oils, and set aside until cool enough to handle. Through the feed opening of a running blender add, one at a time, the papaya, papaya seeds, Dijon mustard, vinegar, salt, pepper, and juice from the microwaved lemon. Note: If you squeeze the lemon with the sliced side against your palm, the seeds are likely to stay in the rind. Then with the blender still running, add the olive oil in a slow thin stream. Please note that the edible papaya seeds lend a wonderful mustardy taste to the dressing, but are coarse in texture. If you find the texture to be too coarse for you, strain the dressing before use.nToss the greens, cucumber, tomatoes and papaya strings with enough of the dressing to coat, serving additional dressing on the side., ingredients: [1 fresh lemon, 1 papaya, peeled, sliced, and seeds removed and reserved, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 cups mixed fresh watercress and greens, soaked in salt water to remove grit, rinsed and dried in a salad spinner, 2 English cucumbers, peeled, quartered lengthwise, seeds removed and sliced into 14inch thick slices, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 papaya, peeled, shredded into strings and cut into bitesized lengths], title: Watercress Salad with Papaya and Lemon Dressing, picturelink: null}, 4411: {instructions: Put the cereal in a large bowl. Combine the sugar and cocoa powder in a large resealable plastic bag.nCombine the chocolate and butter in a small bowl set over a pot of simmering water. Heat, stirring occasionally, until melted.nPour the chocolate mixture over the cereal and toss to coat thoroughly. Transfer the cereal to the plastic bag and shake well to coat in the sugarcocoa mixture. Pour the cereal into a clean bowl and stir in the cherries and pistachios., ingredients: [4 cups mixed unsweetened cereal, such as Cheerios, corn flakes and Chex, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 14 unsweetened cocoa powder, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup dried tart cherries, 1 cup shelled salted pistachios], title: ChocolateCovered Cereal Mix with Dried Cherries and Pistachios, picturelink: hv4uhonjG4qfzGRwzg0L31d0CoJF2fa}, 4412: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Bake the potatoes until soft, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, in a large soup pot, brown the bacon over medium heat. Add the carrots, celery and onions. Season with salt and pepper and cook until the vegetables are translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the chicken, thyme and broth bring to a simmer and skim any foam that rises to the top. Reduce the heat and barely simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 40 minutes. Discard the thyme. Remove the chicken and let cool. Pull off the meat and shred into bitesized pieces cover and set aside. Season the broth with salt and pepper.nMelt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the breadcrumbs and cook, stirring, until toasted, about 3 minutes set aside. Halve the baked potatoes and scoop the flesh into a bowl mash with a fork and season with salt and pepper. Sift the flour over the potatoes and add the toasted crumbs, parmesan and nutmeg lightly knead to make a firm dough. Roll into 12inchwide cylinders cut into 12inch pieces and round the edges to make ovalshaped gnocchi. Bring the soup to a boil and drop in the gnocchi. Cook until they float to the top, 1 to 2 minutes transfer the gnocchi to warm bowls with a slotted spoon.nBeat the eggs with a fork use the fork to paint ribbons of egg across the soup. Let set, about 30 seconds. Stir in the chicken meat, parsley, basil and spinach season with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup over the gnocchi. Serve with lemon wedges and more Parmesan.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 medium baking potatoes about 1 14 pounds, 4 strips bacon, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, sliced into 12inch rounds, 2 stalks celery, sliced into 12inch pieces, 24 pearl onions, peeled, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 3 to 4pound chicken, 1 small bunch fresh thyme, tied with string, 8 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup breadcrumbs, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, plus more for garnish, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 2 large eggs, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh basil, 3 cups loosely packed spinach leaves, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Italian Chicken Soup with Toasted Parmesan Gnocchi, picturelink: oSJcDBo57w7pSNggXoQINTYgUAPiUEq}, 4413: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all falafel ingredients except oil in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Pulse mixture until coarsely ground. Transfer to a bowl or container and refrigerate, covered, for several hours.nForm the falafel mixture into balls about the size of walnuts and press to flatten.nHeat 4 inches of oil to 375 degrees F in a deep pot or deep fryer. Fry about 6 balls at once for about 4 minutes, or until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Stuff each pita with 4 falafel balls, chopped tomatoes, lettuce, and tahini., ingredients: [1 can garbanzo beans, drained and patted dry, 12 small onion, roughly chopped about 12 cup, 2 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, about a handful, Canola oil, for frying, 4 pita breads, Chopped tomato, for garnish, Shredded Iceberg lettuce, Tahini sauce or hummus], title: Falafel, picturelink: XDpqyVt0DR1YJLBOMJZ.jY2GPVdaZBO}, 4414: {instructions: Pat steaks dry and sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper.nHeat 1 tablespoon butter and oil in a 12inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute steaks 3 minutes per side for medium. Transfer steaks with tongs to a plate and keep warm, loosely covered.nAdd remaining 2 tablespoons butter to skillet and cook shallot over moderate heat, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and carefully add wine and any meat juices that have accumulated on plate with steaks. Simmer until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in herbs and salt and pepper, to taste.nPour sauce over steaks and serve., ingredients: [4 12inchthick top chuck blade steaks about 18 ounces total, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Chuck Blade Steaks with Herb Wine Sauce, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 4415: {instructions: One 9 by 2inch round layer pan, or a 9inch springform pan, buttered and the bottom lined with a disk of parchment or wax papernSet a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees.nSift together the cake flour, cornstarch, and cocoa through a finemeshed strainer over a piece of waxed paper to break up any lumps in the cocoa. Set sifted ingredients aside with the strainer.nWhisk together the eggs yolks, sugar, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer. Place the bowl over a pan of simmering water and continue whisking gently until the mixture is lukewarm, about 100 degrees. This should take only a minute or two.nWhip with the electric mixer on high speed until the mixture is cooled and increased in volume, about 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove bowl from mixer and sift in dry ingredients, in three additions gently folding each third in with a rubber spatula. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and spread the top even with a spatula.nBake the layer about 30 minutes until it is well risen and the center is firm to the touch.nIf necessary, loosen the layer from the side of the pan with a small knife or spatula and invert the cake onto a rack. Place another rack on the cake and invert again. Remove the top rack, so that the layer cools right side up, still on the paper, ingredients: [13 cup cake flour, 13 cup cornstarch, 14 cup alkalized Dutch process cocoa powder, 3 large eggs plus 3 large egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, Pinch salt], title: Chocolate Genoise, picturelink: null}, 4416: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Cut cabbage into quarters, remove core, and shred finely.nPlace wine and bay leaves in a large heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil and reduce by half. Add cabbage, salt, and pepper, and bring back to a boil. Cover with a tight fitting lid and transfer to oven. Bake 30 to 35 minutes, until cabbage is thoroughly limp. Check pot after about 15 minutes and stir down cabbage.nBreak butter into small pieces and stir into warm cabbage. Adjust seasonings and serve immediately or reheat in a 350 degree F oven 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 large head white cabbage, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 bay leaves, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cold], title: Braised White Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 4417: {instructions: 1. Broil chilis on foillined broiler pan for 10 to 14 minutes or until charred, turning once. Wrap in foil. Let stand for 5 minutes. Remove skin and seeds from chilis. Cut into strips.n2. Place burgers on baking sheet. Sprinkle with pepper. Bake at 350 degrees F for 8 minutes. Turn. Bake for 10 minutes more. Top with pepper strips and cheese. Bake for 1 to 2 minutes more or until cheese melts. Serve with salsa.nON THE GRILL:nPreheat grillnUse a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 165 degrees F.nHelpful Hints: Poblano po BLAH no peppers have long, irregular bellpepper shapes and a deep green color. Their medium hotness and deep, complex flavors make them perfect for roasting. Most groceries carry poblano peppers in the produce section.nNote: This recipe is vegan only if soy cheese and Morningstar Farms Grillersu00ae Vegan Veggie Burgers are used.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [2 large poblano chilis, 4 Grillersu00ae Vegan Veggie Burgers or Grillers Primeu00ae Veggie Burgers, 14 teaspoon pepper, 2 slices 1 12 oz. fatfree Cheddar cheese, Monterey Jack cheese, or soy cheese, halved diagonally, 3 tablespoons salsa], title: Southwest Chili Pepper Burgers, picturelink: 07hCnsKgi0RcEM3KnP8G5y6cQZ83diC}, 4418: {instructions: Combine the warm water, sugar and yeast in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, and let the mixture stand until bubbly, about 5 minutes. Add 2 cups of the flour and 2 teaspoons of the salt and mix on low speed until well combined, about 2 minutes. Switch the paddle attachment to the dough hook. Add the remaining flour and mix on low speed until fully incorporated, about 2 minutes longer. Turn the dough out onto a lightlyfloured surface and knead until stiff, smooth and elastic, 5 to 7 minutes. Place the dough into a lightlyoiled bowl, cover loosely and set aside to rise until doubled, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, render the bacon in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, about 5 minutes, and then remove from the skillet and let cool. Add the onions into the skillet with the bacon fat and cook over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, until soft and golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Set aside to cool. Mix the cream cheese and Gouda in a medium bowl until well combined. Crumble in the bacon and stir in the caramelized onions, parsley and tarragon. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out the dough on a lightlyfloured surface to form a 12by16inch rectangle. Spread the cream cheese mixture over the dough, leaving a 12inch border around the sides. Roll the dough up tightly starting with the long side, and then trim the ends and cut into 12 rolls. Place the rolls on a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Beat the egg with 1 tablespoon water, and then brush the rolls with the egg wash and sprinkle with poppy and sesame seeds. Bake until golden brown and the filling is bubbly, 10 to 12 minutes. Drizzle the Cream Cheese and Chive Drizzle over the topnCombine the cream cheese and whole milk in a small bowl using a hand mixer until a homogenous mixture forms. Mix in the yogurt until smooth, about 1 minute. Fold in the chives and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 cups warm water, 2 tablespoons sugar, One 14ounce package dry active yeast, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Oil, for greasing bowl, 4 strips bacon, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 4 ounces grated Gouda cheese, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 14 cup fresh tarragon leaves, roughly chopped, 1 large egg, 2 teaspoons poppy seeds, 2 teaspoons white sesame seeds, Cream Cheese and Chive Drizzle, recipe follows, 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons Greek yogurt or creme fraiche, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper], title: Caramelized Onion and Cheese Bagel Swirls, picturelink: 0iPVuOoxHDW1Ft2eteANHmP5dZ12V8W}, 4419: {instructions: For the compote: In a heavy saucepot, add half of the cranberries and the honey. Cook over mediumlow heat until the cranberries have broken down, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the vanilla and the remaining cranberries cook for another 2 minutes. Off the heat, fold in the orange segments. Let cool. Serve at room temperature.nFor the Dutch baby: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the eggs, milk, flour, shortening, sugar and salt. Whisk until the ingredients are thoroughly combined and the batter is smooth and creamy.nPlace an 8inch castiron skillet in the oven for 8 minutes to get hot. Carefully remove the skillet from the oven and add 1 tablespoon of the butter, swirling to coat the pan evenly. Pour onequarter of the batter into the hot pan and return to the oven. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve with a 14 cup of the compote, and dust with powdered sugar. Repeat with the remaining butter and batter., ingredients: [1 pound fresh cranberries, 2 oranges, peeled and cut into segments, 1 cup honey, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 4 large eggs, room temperature, 34 cup whole milk, room temperature, 1 cup allpurpose flour, sifted, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, melted, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Dutch Baby with CranberryOrange Compote, picturelink: .BToT1v3HhSgBumt.b8avSbEoBHFn2}, 4420: {instructions: null, ingredients: [tytyty], title: trrr, picturelink: null}, 4421: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the oil and the sliced mushrooms to the hot skillet. Season mushrooms with black pepper, salt and thyme. Saute the mushrooms 10 minutes or, until dark and tender, then remove from heat. Transfer the mushrooms to a dish and return the skillet to the stove over medium heat.nAdd another turn of extravirgin olive oil to the skillet and add the onions, garlic and jalapeno pepper saute for 2 or 3 minutes, then add beans and corn to the pan. Stir in chopped tomatoes and barbecue sauce, then season salsa with salt and pepper. Transfer warm salsa to a serving dish.nHeat a griddle pan or large nonstick skillet over medium to medium high heat. Add a drizzle of oil to the pan and 1 flour tortilla. Cook tortilla 1 minute, then turn it over. Sprinkle 12 cup sharp cheddar over 12 of the flour tortilla. Cover the cheese with 14 of the cooked sliced mushrooms. Fold the plain 12 of the tortilla over top of the filling and gently press down with a spatula. Cook the filled quesadilla 30 seconds to a minute longer on each side to lightly brown and crisp the quesadilla and melt the cheese. Remove the quesadilla to a large cutting board or transfer to a warm oven to hold, then repeat with remaining quesadilla ingredients.nCut each quesadilla into wedges and serve with warm salsa for topping., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, plus some for drizzling, 16 crimini mushroom caps, baby portobellos, with stems, trimmed and thinly sliced, 12 shiitake mushrooms, thinly sliced, stems discarded, Coarse black pepper and salt, 1 tablespoon a few sprigs fresh thyme leaves, chopped, or 1 teaspoon dried, 4 large flour tortillas, 12 inches in diameter, 2 cups shredded sharp white cheddar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 can black beans, drained, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, 12 cup sundried tomatoes in oil, chopped, 12 cup smoky barbecue sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wild Mushroom Quesadillas with Warm Black Bean Salsa, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 4422: {instructions: Place the chicken, tomatoes and juices, beans, broth, water, onion, garlic, jalapeno, cumin, and chili powder in a slow cooker. Cover and cook on high for 3 to 4 hours or on low for 6 to 8 hours.nUncover the slow cooker and use tongs to remove the chicken from the pot. Once cool enough to handle, remove the meat from the bones and shred, then return the meat to the pot. Stir in the lemon juice. Crumble a few tortilla chips into each bowl and cover with some soup. Serve sprinkled with cilantro and grated cheese.nPer serving: Calories: 275 Total Fat: 8 grams Saturated Fat: 4 grams Protein: 22 grams Total carbohydrates: 29 grams Sugar: 7 grams Fiber: 6 grams Cholesterol: 56 milligrams Sodium: 364 milligrams, ingredients: [3 chicken thighs, skin removed, 10ounce can diced tomatoes with green chiles, 1 12 cups cooked black beans, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 12 cups water, 1 yellow onion, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, finely minced, 1 jalapeno, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Juice of 12 lemon, 20 tortilla chips, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese], title: Slow Cooker Tortilla Soup, picturelink: GOw3HMFFpFQe4WKjfTk1fy.0B8RqY2}, 4423: {instructions: Special equipment: large bamboo steamernFill a wok or large pan with enough water to reach the bottom of a bamboo steamer, and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Place the bamboo steamer in the pan and cover to preheat.nPat the fish dry inside and out with a paper towel and place on a plate. Stuff the cavity and top the fish with all of the mushrooms and half of the ginger and scallions.nCarefully lower the plate with the fish into the preheated steamer. Cover and steam the fish until the fish is cooked through and the flesh is opaque, 10 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, combine the soy sauce, 2 tablespoons water and the sugar. Set aside.nRemove the fish and plate from the steamer and drain any excess liquid. Scatter the fish with the remaining ginger and scallions. Pour the soy sauce mixture over the fish, immediately followed by the hot oil. Serve with steamed white rice., ingredients: [One 2pound whole striped bass, gutted, head and tail on, 3 shiitake mushrooms, julienned, One 2ounce piece ginger, peeled and julienned, 3 scallions, chopped into 1inch pieces, 13 cup light soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 13 cup peanut oil, heated to a simmer, Steamed white rice, for serving], title: Steamed Fish with Scallion Soy Sauce, picturelink: null}, 4424: {instructions: Whip cream with confectioners sugar and refrigerate. Drain raspberries from their syrup and puree until smooth in food processor force them through a sieve to remove seeds and fold puree into whipped cream refrigerate.nIn a saucepan, melt 2 kinds of chocolate and milk over very low heat, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and transfer to a bowl cool slightly. Whisk egg yolks into chocolate, one at a time, working fast so that they do not curdle. Beat egg whites to soft peak stage. Add sugar and beat until stiff but not dry. Fold a quarter of whites into chocolate mixture to lighten it and fold lightened mix back into whites. Spoon into ramekins and bake at 350 degrees for about 10 to 12 minutes molten puffs should remain moist in center. To serve: bring them to the table break each one open with a spoon and add raspberry cream in the center of each puff., ingredients: [13 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 10 thawed frozen raspberries in syrup, 2 ounces semi sweet chocolate, 1 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 14 cup milk, 2 egg yolks, 3 egg whites, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 4 12 cup capacity ramekins, buttered and dusted with additional granulated sugar], title: Molten Chocolate Puffs with Raspberry Cream, picturelink: null}, 4425: {instructions: In a small bowl stir together mayonnaise and basil. Pit and chop olives. In a large bowl blend together olives, turkey, tomatoes, thyme, and salt and pepper, to taste. Form mixture into 4 1inchthick patties. When forming patties, handle meat as little as possible for a juicier burger. Prepare grill.nGrill burgers on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals about 4 12 minutes on each side for welldone. Alternatively, burgers may be cooked in a hot wellseasoned castiron skillet or ridged grill pan. Make sure burgers are cooked through. Toast sesame buns. Transfer burgers to buns and top with basil mayonnaise and arugula., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 10 Kalamata olives, 1 14 pounds ground turkey, 2 tablespoons chopped dried tomatoes packed in oil, 34 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, Salt and pepper, 4 sesame buns, 1 12 cups packed arugula], title: Turkey Burgers, picturelink: null}, 4426: {instructions: In a medium stockpot, bring water and salt to a boil. Add barley and cook until tender, approximately 45 minutes, depending on type of barley used refer to package. Drain and set aside. In another stockpot, blanch cabbage leaves in boiling water for 1 minute.nIn a bowl, combine barley, meat, 12 cup evaporated milk, carrots, parsley, egg and seasonings. Mix thoroughly and divide into 12 even portions. Place each portion on stem end of a cabbage leaf and roll up tightly. Fasten with a toothpick. Place rolls in a greased baking dish 13 by 9 by 2 inches. Pour remaining milk over the rolls and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 30 minutes or until cooked through, turn rolls over once to help them cook evenly.nHeat butter and lemon juice. Pour over rolls and sprinkle with paprika then serve., ingredients: [2 cups boiling water, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup uncooked barley, 12 large, whole, outside cabbage leaves, 1 pound ground beef, 1 can evaporated milk, 12 cup shredded carrot, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 egg, slightly beaten, 14 teaspoon celery seed, 3 tablespoons finely chopped onion, 14 teaspoon oregano, 1 12 tablespoons ketchup, 14 teaspoon pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Paprika], title: Beef and Barley Cabbage Rolls, picturelink: null}, 4427: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the cream cheese, mayonnaise, garlic powder, onion powder and celery seed. Mix in the pickled jalapenos, piquillo peppers and grated Cheddar. Add the Sriracha and combine. Taste and add more mayonnaise and Sriracha, if necessary. Chill before serving., ingredients: [10 ounces cream cheese, softened, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 1 cup pickled jalapenos, chopped, 6 ounces piquillo pepper, chopped regular pimentos can be substituted, 5 cups shredded Cheddar approximately 1 14 pounds, 1 to 2 tablespoons Sriracha], title: Spicy Pimento Cheese Spread, picturelink: NFYcKud5Ch8f1dgQnBfEyMQQkMVl6}, 4428: {instructions: Confit: Cut a slice off the top and bottom of each lemon to expose the flesh. Cutting from top to bottom and following the contours of the fruit, cut off the peel and white pith in 1inchwide strips. Scrape off any pulp adhering to the strips, but leave the pith intact. You should have several 1inch wide strips of lemon peel and pith. Cut each one into long strips, about 14inch by 3 inches each.nMeanwhile, boil a kettleful of water. Pour about 2 cups of the boiling water into a small saucepan, bring back to a boil, add all the lemon rind, and boil 30 seconds. Drain in a strainer and rinse under cold running water. Repeat 2 times more, using fresh boiling water each time. Combine the sugar and 2 cups of water in the saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the blanched rind and reduce the heat to a simmer. Simmer until tender, about 1 hour.nDrain in a strainer reserve the sweet, lemony syrup for sweetening drinks, if you like. Arrange the strips on a wire rack, using your fingers to gently spread them out so that they do not touch each other. Let cool and store in an airtight container.nCrust: Cream the butter until soft and smooth in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the sugar and continue creaming until light and fluffy. Mix in the egg and the vanilla. In a separate bowl, stir together the dry ingredients. Add the dry ingredients to the mixer and mix at low speed until almost blended. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and knead briefly, just until the dough comes together. Form into a disk and chill at least 2 hours or overnight.nFlour a work surface. Roll out the dough 18inch thick and prick all over with a fork. Use a cutter to cut out rounds of pastry that are slightly larger in diameter than your minimuffin cups. Transfer the pastry rounds to a sheet pan and chill 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and bake until light golden brown, about 20 minutes. Let cool.nButter 2 minimuffin tins and then lay a large piece of plastic wrap over the tin. Push the plastic wrap down into each cup this is to line it very well. Do not worry, the plastic wrap will not burn or melt in the oven. Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFilling: Whip the cream cheese until light and fluffy in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Add the sugar and mix. Mix in the eggs and vanilla, then the flour and salt. Divide the filling among the lined cups, filling each one all the way up. Bake for 20 minutes. Let cool to room temperature, then chill.nWhen ready to serve, cut the plastic wrap so you can remove each cup of cheesecake individually. Lift each one out of the cup and invert onto a cornmeal crust. Peel off the plastic wrap. When all the cakes have been assembled, top each one with a tiny mound of chopped lemon confit and serve., ingredients: [2 large lemons, 2 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 14 cup sugar, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups polenta, or yellow cornmeal, if unavailable, 12 lemon, rind grated, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch salt, Special Equipment: heavy duty plastic wrap recommended: Saran, Glad, Reynolds, 1 pound cream cheese, 12 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 18 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, Lemon confit, finely chopped, for garnish], title: Bite Size Cheesecakes with Preserved Lemon and a Cornmeal Crust, picturelink: null}, 4429: {instructions: In a saute pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the shallots, garlic, red pepper and quickly saute being careful to avoid browning or burning. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper and saute together for 5 minutes. Add the cream, reduce the heat to prevent the cream from scorching and cook for several minutes while the pasta cooks.nBring the water to a rolling boil in a large pot and add the salt. Add the pasta to the boiling water.nTo the mushrooms, add the basil, pine nuts and Parmesan cheese. The pasta will cook in several minutes after returning to the boil. Add the cooked pasta to the sauce and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms, washed and rehydrated, 12 pound cremini mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 12 cup heavy cream, 6 to 8 quarts water, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 pound pasta, such as fettucine, 2 tablespoons shredded fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Fresh Homemade Pasta with Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 4430: {instructions: For the lobster and basil oil: Combine oil and basil in a blender and blend for 2 minutes. Strain into a bowl and season with salt and pepper.nHeat the grill to high. Thread 2 skewers through the tails lengthwise so that the meat lies flat on the grill. Brush the flesh with basil oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, flesh side down until slightly charred, about 2 to 3 minutes, flip over, brush top with more of the oil and continue grilling until just cooked through, about 2 minutes longer. Transfer to a serving platter and keep warm.nFor the grilled corncoconut milk sauce: Heat grill to high.nRemove corn from water, place on the grill, close the cover and steam in the husk until tender, about 10 minutes. Remove from the grill, let cool slightly and remove the husks. Brush the corn with oil, season with salt and pepper and grill until the kernels are slightly charred. Transfer to a cutting board and let cool slightly. Remove the kernels using a chefs knife and add to a bowl.nHeat about 1 tablespoon of oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook 30 seconds. Add the corn and toss to coat in the mixture. Pour in the coconut milk, bring to a simmer and let cook for 5 minutes. Cool slightly add to a food processor and puree. Stir in the basil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with the lobster., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 14 cup packed fresh basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 wooden skewers, soaked in water for 20 minutes, 8 8ounce lobster tails, parboiled, 6 ears corn, silks removed, husks left on, soaked in cold water for 10 minutes, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 12 cups unsweetened coconut milk, stirred, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Grilled Lobster Tails Brushed with Basil Oil served with Grilled CornCoconut Milk Sauce, picturelink: null}, 4431: {instructions: Pour Cassis into a chilled wine glass and top with wine. Garnish with a lemon twist, if desired., ingredients: [1 ounce Cassis, 4 ounces dry, white wine, Lemon twist, optional garnish], title: Kir, picturelink: null}, 4432: {instructions: Heat saucepan over medium heat. Add olive oil, shallots, garlic halves, fennel, peppercorns, carrot and saute for a few minutes. Add fish bone and continue to saute for 5 minutes then add wine and water. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer for 20 minutes and strain. Use immediately or cover and refrigerate., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, roughly chopped, 1 head garlic, cut in half, 12 cup fennel stalks, roughly chopped, 4 black peppercorns, 1 carrot, roughly chopped, Fish bones from 1 or 2 fish, roughly chopped, 12 cup white wine, 2 12 cups water], title: Quick Fish Stock, picturelink: null}, 4433: {instructions: Special equipment: small 3 to 4 cup saucepan Candy thermometer Bitherm or Instaread thermometernIn small saucepan, combine sugar with 13 cup water, and cream of tartar. Stir to wet sugar. Cover and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer, covered, without stirring, for about 1 minute to dissolve sugar. Uncover and wash down the sides of the saucepan with a wet pastry brush. Cook until syrup registers 242 degrees the upper end of the softball stage on a candy thermometer. Or cook until you can blow a bubble resembling a soap bubble by dipping a slotted spoon into the syrup, holding it up, and blowing gently but steadily through it.nMeanwhile, in a heatproof, stovetopsafe bowl a stainless steel electric mixer bowl is ideal, otherwise a stainless steel bowl suitable for using with a hand held electric mixer beat eggs until pale and thick set aside. Just before syrup reaches 242 degrees, begin beating eggs again on medium speed. When the syrup is ready, remove it from the heat and pour it in a thin steady stream over the eggs, beating constantly. To avoid splashing hot syrup on yourself or all around the sides of the bowl, pour it next to the beaters. Stop beating and place mixture on the stove over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly with a whisk to avoid scrambling the eggs until mixture registers at least 160 degrees on instaread thermometer, about 34 minutes. Remove from heat and continue beating with an electric mixer until mixture cools to room temperature.nDivide butter into 1tablespoon sized lumps. Add butter, a few pieces at a time, continuing to beat until mixture is smooth and spreadable., ingredients: [23 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 whole egg, 1 egg yolk, 8 ounces sweet butter, slightly softened but still firm], title: Buttercream, picturelink: null}, 4434: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the sugar and water and bring to a boil. Cook the sugar until it caramelizes to a nice amber color. Remove from heat and slowly add the cream. Return to heat and stir until the sugar and cream are completely incorporated and smooth. Add the butter, candied ginger, and chopped nuts and allow the mixture to cool slightly. If the mixture gets too cool, simply reheat it slightly.nNext, place the spring roll wrappers down on the table like a diamond, with one point closest to you. Divide the filling evenly between the 4 wrappers. Fold the point over the filling and roll. Fold over the left side and then the right side to seal the ends and continue to roll until a small triangle remains. Brush the edge with water and press to seal the end. Fry in 360 degree F oil, just to brown the skin.nTo make the ice cream, bring the milk, cream, sugar, and split vanilla bean to a boil. In a separate bowl, combine the egg yolks and corn syrup and stir. Once the milk has boiled, pour half of the milk into the yolks and stir until combined. Add the remaining milk and put back on the heat. Continue to stir until the mixture reaches 180 degrees F. Strain the mixture and cool in an ice bath.nPlace the mixture in an ice cream machine and freeze according to manufacturers instructions.nTo prepare the carambola pickles, combine the vinegar, sugar, ginger, pepper, anise, vanilla, and saffron in a pot and bring to a boil. Remove mixture from heat and add the carambola slices. Let the carambola steep for 5 minutes. Remove the carambola with a skimmer, cool the liquid in a ice bath, return the carambola to cold syrup, and keep in the refrigerator.nTo serve, slice the wraps in half on a diagonal and place in the center of a plate. Scoop the ice cream and place it on the side of the wrap. Top each ice cream scoop with a couple carambola slices., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 cup butter, 3 tablespoons finely chopped candied ginger, 2 cups roughly chopped macadamia nuts, 4 sheets large spring roll wrappers, Water, to seal, Oil, for frying, 1 cup milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 34 cup light brown sugar, 12 vanilla bean, split, 4 egg yolks, 14 cup dark corn syrup, 2 cups cider vinegar, 4 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons pickled ginger, sliced, 14 teaspoon black peppercorns, 3 star anise, 12 teaspoon vanilla paste, Pinch saffron, 8 carambola or star fruit, sliced thin], title: Macadamia Nut Spring Roll with Brown Sugar Ice Cream and Carambola Pickles, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 4435: {instructions: Roast the nuts: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place a cup of the chopped almonds with 14 cup corn syrup in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan and place over low heat to liquify the corn syrup. You only want to heat the mixture until the corn syrup is thin enough to coat the nuts evenly this will take 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Using a large slotted spoon, allow the excess corn syrup to drain as you scoop the coated nuts onto a parchment papercovered baking sheet. Repeat method with the pistachio and the hazelnuts. Be sure to spread them in an even layer so they will roast evenly in the oven.nBake until they are evenly caramelized, 15 to 20 minutes. To test for doneness, you can also break a nut in half and check to see if it is light brown on the inside. Keep an eye on the nuts because the sugar will burn very soon after it caramelizes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and place on a wire rack. When the nuts are completely cooled, break apart any that are clustered together.nFill a cornet half full with the tempered bittersweet chocolate. Pipe a chocolate circle 3 12 inches in diameter onto a parchment papercovered baking sheet. If you do not have a cornet, you can use a spoon drop a spoonful of the chocolate onto the parchment paper and spread it into a 3 12inch diameter circle with the back of the spoon. In either case, keep the thickness of the circle as even as possible. Make about 5 circles. Then, create your own design as you top each circle with the nuts and fruits. Work quickly, or the chocolate will set before youve accomplished this. If the nuts and fruit do not stick to the chocolate, lightly dip them in the bowl of tempered chocolate and glue them to the top of the disk. When you finish these, repeat the process until you have used all of the tempered chocolate, nuts, and fruit., ingredients: [1 cup roasted chopped almonds, 1 cup roasted chopped pistachio, 1 cup roasted chopped hazelnuts, 34 cup corn syrup, 2 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 1 cup raisins, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup candied ginger, chopped, 1 cup coconut, shredded], title: Seven Wonders of the World, picturelink: null}, 4436: {instructions: These potatoes can be steamed to preserve more of the flavor and vitamins or boiled if you wish, until tender. To steam them, you can place them in a single layer on a rack placed over a large shallow pan of water with a large pot lid to cover. Replenish water in pan if it boils off before they are tender.nPlace the tender potatoes in a large bowl and mash by hand with a masher or fork. Then, using a beater, whip in butter, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, maple syrup, and enough cream to achieve your desired consistency. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 pounds sweet potatoes or yams, approximately 4 to 6 yams or about 12 sweet potatoes, depending on size peeled and cut into 1 to 1 12inch chunks, 1 12 cups 3 sticks or 34 pound butter, cut into cubes, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 14 to 12 cup cream, as needed to achieve desired consistency, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Potato Mash, picturelink: null}, 4437: {instructions: In a soup pot, combine carrots, celery, broccoli, onion, chicken base, and water, and bring to a boil. Add cheese sauce, milk, and wild rice. Return to a boil. Combine butter and flour in a saucepan and cook until mixture bubbles. Remove from heat and cool. Add the roux to the soup to thicken to desired consistency. Stir in chicken. Simmer until incorporated., ingredients: [12 cup coined carrots, 12 cup diced celery, 12 cup broccoli buds, 12 cup diced onion, 14 cup paste style chicken base, 2 cups water, 1 cup cheese sauce, 2 cups milk, 1 cup cooked wild rice, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 pound cooked cubed chicken], title: Nelson Brothers Creamy Chicken and Wild Rice Soup, picturelink: null}, 4438: {instructions: Pour the oil into a large skillet over medium heat and add the onion and ginger. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the onion is soft and then add the cumin seeds, mustard seeds, and curry leaves and toast for 10 seconds. Add the grated turnip, green onion, and salt. Reduce the heat to mediumlow heat and cook for 5 minutes, stirring regularly.nClean the lettuce and separate the leaves. Put about 12 cup of turnip mixture into a leaf and add some chutney. Wrap the lettuce around the mixture and enjoy., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon brown mustard seeds, 6 to 8 dried curry leaves, 1 small turnip, peeled and grated, 1 green onion, finely chopped, Pinch salt, 1 head butter Boston lettuce, 12 to 1 cup prepared chutney of your choice], title: Turnip Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: null}, 4439: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the soy milk and almonds in the jar of a blender and puree until very smooth, about 2 to 3 minutes. With the motor running, slowly add the grapes, scallions and lime juice season with salt and pepper and puree until well blended.nTo serve, pour into a small bowls and garnish with chopped or sliced grapes and sliced scallions.nNote: Gazpacho can be served immediately but is even better if refrigerated until very cold. Stir well before serving., ingredients: [2 12 cups seedless white grapes, plus more finely chopped or sliced, for garnish, 1 cup regular soy milk, chilled, 12 cup blanched slivered almonds, 2 scallions, white and green parts, chopped, plus more thinly sliced, for garnish, 1 lime, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Smooth White Grape Gazpacho, picturelink: CuwMG2i8nyEKeWtELyktDRjRLMuUwoC}, 4440: {instructions: Special equipment: Pastry bag with round tipnMake the Macaroons: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nLine several sheet pans with parchment paper and set aside. In a bowl, combine 2 12 cups of the sugar, almonds, and cocoa powder.nIn another clean dry bowl whip the egg whites with the remaining 12 cup sugar until medium peaks form do not beat to stiff peaks. Fold egg whites into dry ingredients to a make a meringue. Fill the pastry bag with the meringue. To easily fill the pastry bag, place it with a clothespin holding it shut at the bottom in a tall round container such as a coffee can, mayonnaise jar, or vase, folding the edge over the rim of the container.nPipe rows of kisses 1inch in diameter about the size of a quarter, keeping them 12 inch apart, onto the sheet pans. Bake until very light brown, rotating the pans after 8 minutes, about 17 minutes. Let the macaroons cool on the pan.nMeanwhile, make the Peanut Butter Buttercream: In a standing mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Add the peanut butter and whip. Add the confectioners sugar and vanilla and whip until fluffy. Transfer the buttercream to a clean pastry bag fitted with a round tip.nPeel 2 macaroons off the parchment, pipe the buttercream on 1 flat side and sandwich the other flatside down on top. Repeat with the remaining macaroons. Keep chilled in an airtight container until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups confectioners sugar, plus 12 cup, 1 12 cups, plus 1 tablespoon ground almonds, 2 12 tablespoons cocoa powder, 5 egg whites, 12 cup butter, at room temperature, 12 cup peanut butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Burgers French Macaroons, picturelink: LzIsrlt37QE.hQqRdYqa6iwwCb1QqG2}, 4441: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat dashi over low heat. Place miso in a fine strainer, and place the strainer in dashi. Using a whisk, gently push miso through strainer. Cook until heated through. Place tofu slices in soup, and cook until they rise to the top, about 1 minute. Add scallions to soup bowls, and ladle soup over. Serve immediately, ingredients: [5 cups dashi, 13 cup white miso, Thinly sliced firm tofu and scallions], title: Nobus Miso Soup, picturelink: null}, 4442: {instructions: For the Marinade:nCombine all ingredients in a mixing bowl.nFor the steaks:nPlace the steaks in a large shallow baking dish. Pour 12 of the marinade over the steaks and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight. Cover the remaining marinade and place in the refrigerator. One hour before cooking the steaks, remove marinade from the refrigerator and allow it to come to room temperature. Heat a grill pan over high heat until smoking or heat up an outdoor grill Remove steaks from the marinade, discard marinade, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill for 4 minutes on each side for medium rare doneness. Use the other 12 of the marinade to serve with the steaks.nFor the Roasted Tomatoes:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place tomatoes in a baking dish, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Roast until soft, about 15 to 20 minutes. During last 5 minutes of cooking sprinkle the blue cheese over the tomatoes., ingredients: [2 cups olive oil, 1 head garlic cloves, smashed, 2 red bell pepper, roasted, quartered, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 yellow bell pepper, roasted, quartered, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 poblano pepper, roasted, quartered, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 12 cup parsley, coarsely chopped, 4 whole New Mexico red chiles, coarsely chopped, 4 whole ancho chiles, coarsely chopped, 8 New York strip steaks, 10 ounces each, Garlic and Hot Pepper Marinade, Salt and pepper, 16 plum tomates, halved, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 12 cup crumbled Cabrales blue cheese], title: Grilled Steak with Garlic and Hot Pepper Marinade with Roasted Tomatoes with Cabrales Blue Cheese, picturelink: null}, 4443: {instructions: In a large glass pitcher, combine some crushed ice, unsweetened tea, vodka, sugar cane juice, lime juice and a few mint leaves.nPut the brown sugar in a shallow bowl or plate. Dip the rims of 4 glasses into a shallow bowl of water, then press them into the brown sugar.nPour the drink into the glasses and serve., ingredients: [Crushed ice, 4 ounces unsweetened ice tea, 4 ounces tangerine vodka recommended: Grey Goose, 4 ounces sugar cane juice, 12 key lime, juiced, Mint leaves, 13 cup brown sugar, for rimming glass], title: The Monsoon, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 4444: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Coat the inside of a 9 by 13inch glass or ceramic baking or gratin dish with 1 tablespoon butter.nCut 2 thin slices from each lemon half and squeeze juice from remaining lemon.nMash together remaining 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, and shallot and season well with salt and pepper. Sprinkle dish with remaining juice.nCook lettuce in a large pot of salted boiling water for 1 minute. Immediately transfer with tongs to a bowl of ice water to cool. Drain lettuce and cut out ribs, leaving top 1inch of leaves intact. Spread out 1 lettuce leaf lengthwise on a work surface. Place another leaf on first leaf, overlapping enough to cover any holes use 2 extra leaves if necessary. Season 1 piece halibut with salt and pepper and place crosswise in center of lettuce. Spread top of fish with 14 of shallot butter. Wrap lettuce over fish to form a packet dont worry if ends arent covered by lettuce and transfer to baking dish. Make 3 more packets in same manner, arranging them close together in baking dish.nTop each packet with a lemon slice. Cover packets with a sheet of waxed or parchment paper, then tightly cover dish with foil.nBake in middle of oven until centers of packets are just firm to the touch, 15 to 20 minutes, depending on thickness of fish. Serve with pan juices poured over packets., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 lemon, halved crosswise, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 unblemished large outer romaine leaves from 2 heads, 4 6ounce pieces halibut, cod, or other white fish fillet 1 14 to 1 12 inches thick], title: RomaineWrapped Halibut, picturelink: null}, 4445: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chocolatepeanut butter sauce: Warm the heavy cream in a small saucepan over medium heat until it begins to simmer. Place the chocolate chips and peanut butter in a medium bowl. Pour the warm cream over and allow to sit for 1 minute. Whisk until smooth. Set aside to cool slightly.nFor the toppings: Using a handheld mixer, whip the heavy cream and confectioners sugar on high speed in a medium bowl until stiff peaks form. Using a rubber spatula, quickly fold in the marshmallow cream.nTo make the sundaes, put 1 scoop of ice cream into each of 4 sundae bowls. Top each scoop with some of the ChocolatePeanut Butter Sauce and a dollop of the Marshmallow Whipped Cream. Garnish with sprinkles, crushed cookies or crostini, as desired., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 23 cup bittersweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli, 14 cup natural creamy peanut butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 cup marshmallow cream, 1 pint chocolate peanut butter or vanilla ice cream, Sprinkles, crushed cookies and storebought or homemade crostini, for garnish], title: Fluffy ChocolatePeanut Butter Sundaes, picturelink: QP0UI0cSaVmMITFQwvDyzZwF7TtE3U6}, 4446: {instructions: Slice the onions into thin semicircles. Put a medium sized pot over high heat and add the oil. Once the oil is hot, add the onions.nLet them cook, stirring occasionally, until they reduce by half and turn a nice brown color. It will take approximately 20 minutes, and be patient itll make all the difference.nOnce the onions are done, remove them from the heat and add the espresso, chipotle pepper, cola, ground mustard seed, pepper, soy sauce, Worcestershire and ketchup. Mix them all together. Let the sauce simmer for 20 to 30 minutes on medium heat. I like this sauce nice and chunky, but if you want it to be a bit smoother, feel free to blend it with a hand blender or food processor. Pop it into an airtight container and it will keep in your fridge for a week., ingredients: [3 medium sized onions, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 cup espresso or regular coffee, 12 chipotle pepper, 5 12 ounces cola, 1 tablespoon ground mustard seed, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 16 ounces ketchup], title: Chucks BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 4447: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line one 12muffin tin with paper liners and lightly coat with cooking spray.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl.nLightly whisk the eggs in a second medium bowl. Whisk in the brown sugar, sour cream, applesauce, oil and vanilla.nGently fold the wet ingredients into the dry with a rubber spatula. Just before the batter comes together, fold in the chocolate chips its okay if there are lumps in the batter. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups. Bake until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 24 minutes. Let the muffins cool in the pan for a few minutes, then remove and cool completely on a rack. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 cups white wholewheat flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 34 cup reducedfat sour cream, 12 cup unsweetened smooth applesauce, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips], title: ChocolateChip Muffins, picturelink: H0FvjAoCZzzJtDQqbN5JfbIBFCVQ76y}, 4448: {instructions: WALLEYE: Rinse walleye and soak in milk for 1 hour. Season fish with salt and dust in Black Walnut Batter Mix. Heat oil in large saute pan. Place fish in pan and cook until golden, approximately 56 minutes. Remove from pan. Serve with warm Citrus Butter and parsley garnish.nCITRUS BUTTER: Place garlic and butter in blender and process until well blended. Transfer to bowl. Whisk in remaining ingredients., ingredients: [4 6oz. pieces walleye, skinned and cut in half, 1 cup milk, salt to taste, Black Walnut Batter Mix, for dusting recipe follows, 1 cup vegetable oil, citrus Butter recipe follows, 1 tsp. parsley, chopped for garnish, 12cup cracker meal, 12cup Fry Krisp batter mix, 12cup black walnuts, finely chopped, BLACK WALNUT BATTER: Mix all ingredients together., 2 cloves garlic, 12cup butter, melted, 13cup orange juice, 14cup lemon juice, 2 Tbs. soy sauce, 2 tsp. lemon zest, 2 tsp. orange zest], title: Sauteed Walleye With Citrus Butter, picturelink: null}, 4449: {instructions: Heat the oil in a soup pot, over medium heat, add the pancetta, and cook until just brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer the pancetta to a plate with a slotted spoon and set aside. Add the onion to the pot and cook, stirring occasionally until golden, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic, rosemary, and pepper flakes, cook until translucent, about 3 minutes more.nStir in the escarole and cook until just wilted, about 2 minutes. Add the broth, beans, tomato, and bring to a gentle simmer. Season with salt, to taste. Cover, and cook until slightly thickened, about for 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the reserved pancetta and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve in bowls with a drizzle of olive oil and Parmesan, if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 ounces pancetta, chopped about 13 cup, 1 small onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small sprig fresh rosemary, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 head escarole, about 1 pound coarsely chopped, 5 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowfat canned, 2 15ounce cans Great Northern cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, 1 cup chopped canned tomato, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated Parmesan, optional], title: White Bean and Escarole Soup, picturelink: null}, 4450: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 cup bundt pannPlace a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour the bundt pan.nSift the flour, cocoa, and salt into a medium bowl. Whisk the eggs, yolks, vanilla, and espresso powder together in a bowl and set aside.nIn a heavyduty mixer, beat the butter with the paddle attachment, on medium speed for 1 minute, or until smooth. Gradually pour in the sugar, 14 cup at a time, until the butter begins to lighten, about 3 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula and beat, on mediumhigh, until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes more.nAdjust the mixers speed to its lowest setting. Add 12 of the flour mixture and mix until completely absorbed before adding the rest. Scrape down the sides of the mixer then beat on mediumhigh for 30 seconds more.nAdjust again to low speed and add half the egg mixture, mix until blended and smooth. Add the remaining egg mixture and beat until almost blended. Remove the bowl from the mixer, and fold in the chocolate by hand. Take care not to over mix the batter.nSpoon the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top with a spatula. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour and 10 minutes.nCool the cake in the pan, on a rack for 10 minutes. Turn the cake out of the pan, and cool right side up on a rack. If not serving the same day, wrap in plastic wrap and store at room temperature. Glaze just before serving. Cake can be frozen for 1 month.nFor the glaze: Put all the ingredients in a microwavesafe bowl or glass measuring cup. Melt at 50 percent power in the microwave until soft, about 1 minute. Stir, and continue heat until completely melted, about 1 minute more. Remove from the microwave and whisk until fully combined, smooth and glossy. While warm, pour glaze over cooled cake and do not spread. Serve as desired., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup Dutchprocessed cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 egg large yolks, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 12 ounces unsalted butter 3 sticks, room temperature, 2 12 cups sugar, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, roughly chopped, 6 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 stick, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Chocolate Pound Cake, picturelink: U2cJhxYhbfHKson2EVNBvMtvyWafSdu}, 4451: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the egg whites, cherries, sugar salt and the vanilla and almond extracts in a large bowl until combined fold in the coconut.nScoop heaping tablespoonfuls of the coconut mixture about 1 inch apart onto the baking sheet. Use your fingers to form into pyramids. Bake until golden brown around the edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheet, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nMelt the chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl on mediumhigh power in 30second intervals, stirring, until smooth, about 2 minutes. Dip the macaroons in the chocolate and sprinkle with pistachios, then transfer to a sheet of parchment paper and let cool., ingredients: [3 large egg whites, 12 cup dried cherries, chopped, 12 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 14ounce package sweetened shredded coconut, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 14 cup pistachios, chopped], title: ChocolatePistachio Macaroons, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 4452: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn small saucepan, combine 12 cup of water, gelatin, lime juice, and lemon juice. Set aside.nIn heavy small saucepan, place over medium heat, combine remaining 34 cup of water and 1 cup sugar and stir until sugar dissolves. Bring to a boil, cover and cook for 3 minutes. Remove lid and place candy thermometer on side of pan and cook until it reaches 300 degrees F. Remove from heat, add to gelatin mixture, return pan to low heat and stir constantly in order to dissolve gelatin completely. Add lemon and lime zest and stir to combine. Pour mixture into greased 8inch by 8inch pan and cool to room temperature. Do not refrigerate.nOnce cooled, cut into cubes and toss to coat in the remaining sugar. Store in airtight container for up to 4 days., ingredients: [1 14 cups water, 8 envelopes gelatin, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons grated lime zest, 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest, Nonstick spray, for greasing pan], title: Acid Jellies, picturelink: yC65ZtK9bPyAwvjGxwDZyDIWxF7ZuW}, 4453: {instructions: Prepare an ice bath set aside. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise with a sharp paring knife. Gently scrape out all the seeds. Whisk together 12 cup sugar with the yolks set aside. Place the vanilla bean scrapings and pod in a medium saucepan with the cream, milk, and the remaining 12 cup sugar and pinch of salt. Bring the milk mixture just to a simmer. Using a measuring cup or a ladle, slowly pour about 12 cup of the hot milk mixture into the eggyolk mixture, whisking constantly. Keep adding milk mixture, about 12 cup at a time until it has all been added. Pour mixture back into saucepan, and cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 3 to 5 minutes. The custard should retain a line drawn across the back of the spoon with your finger. Pour through a mesh sieve into a medium bowl set in the ice bath, discard vanilla bean. Stir occasionally until cooled. Whisk in cherry concentrate and corn syrup or glucose. Cover and transfer to refrigerator until chilled at least 1 hour and up to overnight. Pour into an icecream maker and add poached cherries. Process according to manufacturers instructions until set, but not hard. Transfer the soft ice cream to a plastic container freeze at least 4 hours and up to overnight.nCombine the cherries, sugar, and black cherry concentrate in a medium saucepan. Cover and place over mediumlow heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until cherries are tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour and up to overnight. Yield: about 3 cups, ingredients: [1 vanilla bean, 1 cup sugar, 8 large egg yolks, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups fatfree milk, Pinch of salt, 12 cup black cherry concentrate, 14 cup glucose or corn syrup, 1 12 cups Simple Poached Cherries, recipe follows, 2 pounds Bing cherries, pitted, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup black cherry concentrate], title: Cherry Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 4454: {instructions: Make the Filling: Heat the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the cabbage and cook, stirring, until tender. Add the sugar and salt and stir to dissolve. Add the raisins and cook, stirring, to reduce the juices and let them soak into the raisins, about 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the walnuts and spread on a baking sheet to cool.nMake the Strudel: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nArrange a parchmentlined baking sheet on the counter, so its horizontal to your body. Place 1 sheet of phyllo on the pan. Using a pastry brush, spatter the phyllo with some of the melted butter then brush to cover with the butter. Sprinkle with 13 of the sugar and 13 of the chopped walnuts. Repeat with the 2 remaining sheets of phyllo. Reserve the remaining melted butter and sugar.nSpoon the cooled cabbage filling 2 inches in from the bottom edge of the phyllo, working from left to right, leaving 2 inches bare at the left and right. Roll up the pastry, lifting the parchment paper, to encase the filling, forming a log. Move the log to the center of the sheet pan and tuck the ends under to keep the filling from oozing out. Brush the surface with melted butter and sprinkle with sugar. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let cool 10 to 15 minutes on the pan. Using a serrated knife, cut carefully into sections and serve warm., ingredients: [14 cup butter 12 stick, 12 head green cabbage, cored and shredded, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup raisins, 14 cup walnut pieces, toasted, 3 sheets frozen phyllo pastry, thawed overnight in the box in the refrigerator, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 1 cup walnuts, lightly toasted and finely chopped], title: Elsies Strudel, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 4455: {instructions: Place the chocolate and a tiny pinch of sea salt in a heatproof bowl over a pan of gently simmering water, making sure the water doesnt touch the base of the bowl. Leave to slowly melt, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, in another bowl add the sugar to the egg yolks and beat until it has dissolved and is silkysmooth. Whisk the whites in a clean bowl with a tiny pinch of salt until they form soft peaks. Cooks Note: You should be able to hold the bowl upside down over your head without them falling out In a third bowl, beat the cream until it forms soft peaks. Once the chocolate has melted, carefully lift the bowl out of the pan and put it to one side. Mix 2 12 ounces 75 ml of amaretto and the cocoa powder into your egg yolks then tip the whipped cream in and mix again. Fold through the melted chocolate until everything is well combined. Finish by tipping in the egg whites and keep folding gently, from the outside in, doing a figureofeight, until the mix is smooth and evenly coloured. Spoon or ladle the mousse into a big serving bowl or divide it between little glasses or cappuccino cups. Cover with cling film then pop in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours until set. Right before youre ready to serve your guests, dust some cocoa powder over the mousse. Pop the dried cherries in a small pan with the rest of the amaretto then top up with enough water to just cover the berries. Bring to the boil, then turn the heat off and leave to stand for a bit. Bash up the packets of sesame snaps in a pestle and mortar then open them and tip the contents into the mortar. Serve that next to your chocolate mousse with a bowl of those beautiful cherries on the side so everyone can dig in and customize their own mousse. It may look a bit rustic, but honestly, its the best chocolate mousse Ive ever tasted, ingredients: [10.56 ounces 300 g goodquality dark chocolate 70percent cocoa solids, broken into small pieces, Pinch sea salt, 3 12 ounces 100 g caster sugar superfine, 8 large eggs, preferably freerange or organic, yolks and whites separated, 10.56 ounces 300 ml double cream, 7 ounces 200 ml amaretto, 2 tablespoons goodquality cocoa powder, plus extra for dusting, 2 packs of sesame snaps, 7 ounces 200 g dried sour cherries], title: Killer Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: null}, 4456: {instructions: Prepare the fusilli according to the package directions in a 6quart saucepot. Add the spinach during the last minute of the cooking time. Drain the fusilli mixture well in a colander, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid.nHeat the oil in a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook until well browned, stirring occasionally.nAdd the garlic to the skillet and cook and stir for 1 minute. Stir in the tomatoes, soup, 12 cup cooking liquid and red pepper and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, stirring occasionally. Stir in the fusilli mixture and cook until the mixture is hot and bubbling. Stir in the remaining cooking liquid as needed until desired consistency. Sprinkle with the cheese., ingredients: [12 of a 1pound package uncooked fusilli pasta about 2 12 cups, 1 bag about 7 ounces fresh baby spinach, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 14 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 package 3 ounces sundried tomato halves about 34 cup, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Chicken Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 cup shredded Asiago cheese about 4 ounces], title: Chicken Fusilli with Spinach and Asiago Cheese, picturelink: fPp1sTyiWsMMWh9plo5CcRl1fQIsfOq}, 4457: {instructions: Saute onion, fennel, garlic, ginger, red chili flakes in blended oil. Add konbu sheets and deglaze with mirin. Reduce for 5 minutes. Add rice vinegar, stock, soy, bonito flakes and simmer. Strain ingredients until all liquid is drained. In a large mixing bowl, place miso and begin to drizzle liquid as if making a vinaigrette. When reached consistency, add yuzu to desired flavor this process can be achieved in a blender too., ingredients: [1 onion, diced, 1 fennel, diced, 4 garlic cloves, sliced, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, Pinch red chili flakes, Blended oil, 2 konbu sheets, 1 cup mirin, 1 cup rice vinegar, 1 cup vegetable stock, 1 cup soy sauce, 1 cup packed bonito flakes, 34 cup miso, 14 cup yuzu], title: Yuzu Miso, picturelink: null}, 4458: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut half the nacho chips on an ovenproof platter and sprinkle with half of each cheese followed by a portion of the remaining ingredients. Top with the remaining chips and toppings ending with a layer of the remaining cheeses. Bake until the cheeses have melted. Serve with salsa and sour cream., ingredients: [1 large bag nacho chips, 2 cups shredded hot pepper jack cheese, 2 cups shredded salsa jack cheese, 2 cups shredded traditional Sonoma jack cheese, 12 cup chopped green onions, 1 cup diced tomatoes, 1 cup black beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup chopped cilantro, Grilled chicken strips or steak, optional toppings], title: Layered Three Cheese Nachos, picturelink: null}, 4459: {instructions: Combine the brandy, cinnamon liqueur and pie in a blender and blend on high speed until very smooth, 5 to 7 minutes. Pour into 2 up glasses, sprinkle the cinnamon on top and garnish with a wedge of cheddar cheese on the rim, if using. Apologize to the rest of the pie for blending that 1 slice of pie. Continue drinking., ingredients: [4 ounces apple brandy, such as Lairds, 1 ounce cinnamon liqueur, 1 whole slice apple pie, preferably with streusel topping, 6 ounces apple juice, Pinch ground cinnamon, for garnish, 2 wedges Cheddar, for garnish, optional], title: Apple of My Pie, picturelink: null}, 4460: {instructions: In a blender, combine all ingredients except London broil. Process until smooth. Place London broil in a nonreactive container and pour marinade over top, turning it to coat. Refrigerate for at least 4 to 6 hours before cooking.nPreheat grill to high.nPlace London broil on white hot grill, and cook for 4 to 5 minutes on each side, flipping the steak 4 times cooking time will vary with thickness of the steak.nLet steak rest for at least 10 minutes before thinly slicing against the grain of the meat and on a bias for wide but thin slices. Garnish with fresh cilantro., ingredients: [1 jalapeno pepper, seeded, 1 clove garlic, 1 cup tequila, 1 cup teriyaki sauce, 14 cup sesame oil, optional, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 12 pounds London broil, Cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Tequila Marinated London Broil, picturelink: ncZGezzkKRNaTnNs4mV9ZuzuW2kBey}, 4461: {instructions: Special equipment: cocktail skewers for servingnFor the spicy raspberry glaze: Combine the butter and garlic over medium heat in a small saucepan and cook until the butter is fully melted, about 2 minutes. Add the jam, cayenne, vinegar and chile powder. Cook 2 minutes longer and sprinkle with salt. Pour half of the glaze into a bowl. Keep the other half of the glaze warming in the small saucepot.nFor the turkey lollipops: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Whisk together the egg, parsley, salt, sage and cayenne in a small bowl. Add the panko, garlic and onions to the mixture and blend to combine. Mix in the turkey, using your hands, until just combined. Do not over mix this will result in tough meatballs.nForm the turkey mixture into 1inch balls and arrange on a parchmentlined cooking sheet. Brush the meatballs with half of the spicy raspberry glaze from the bowl. Bake the meatballs until cooked through and slightly firm to touch, about 12 minutes. Halfway through the baking time, brush the meatballs with the warmed glaze.nGarnish the meatballs with cocktail skewers for serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, pressed or minced, 14 cup raspberry jam, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon chile powder, Salt, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon dried sage, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 cloves garlic, minced or pressed, 12 small white onion, finely diced, 1 pound ground turkey], title: Spicy Turkey Lollipops, picturelink: wpLHt1qUsXTdTXI8LwlDA8Yrc6du.Xu}, 4462: {instructions: Whip butter with an electric mixer until fluffy. Add the garlic, mustard, thyme, lemon juice, Old Bay, salt, pepper, and panko, and mix well. Line a small sheet pan with parchment paper or waxed paper and lay salmon, skin side down, on pan. Blot salmon with paper towels to remove any moisture. Crust the salmon while the butter is still soft, allowing a 14inch crust. At this point, the salmon may be refrigerated cover with plastic wrap after butter has hardened.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nBake for approximately 10 minutes for a still slightly pink fish. Use 2 long flat spatulas, coming in from either end, to lift the salmon off the paper and transfer to a serving platter., ingredients: [1 pound butter, 14 cup minced garlic, 1 cup whole grain mustard, 14 cup chopped fresh thyme, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 tablespoons Old Bay seasoning, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups panko bread crumbs Japanese bread crumbs Do not substitute regular bread crumbs, 1 3 to 4 pound side of salmon, skin on, pin bones removed], title: Odysseys Mustard Crusted Side of Salmon, picturelink: null}, 4463: {instructions: Heat a small skillet over mediumlow heat and add the walnuts, butter, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, the garlic, rosemary, salt and pepper. Cook very gently, stirring often, until the walnuts turn golden brown and the garlic has cooked, about 10 minutes. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil to the skillet to slow the cooking, and set aside.nWhen ready to serve, toss the greens with a little salt and pepper. Add the lemon juice and vinegar to the walnut mixture and spoon the nuts over the salad, adding as much of the dressing as needed to lightly coat the leaves. Add the blue cheese, and toss again., ingredients: [1 cup walnut halves or pieces, 2 tablespoons butter, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 14 teaspoon salt, plus more for the salad, Freshly ground black pepper, 10 cups mixed garden greens, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon aged balsamic vinegar, 2 ounces crumbled aged blue cheese, such as Roelli Red Rock], title: Green Salad with Brown Butter Walnut Vinaigrette, picturelink: hz5cJWba2BBZMIilGC7IEmUZ2FVzjV6}, 4464: {instructions: Put all the romaine into a large mixing bowl. Add half of the tomatoes, kalamatas and cucumbers and toss to combine. Put the salad into a large decorative bowl, toss with 1 cup of the vinaigrette and garnish with the remaining tomatoes, cucumbers, pepperoncini, kalamatas, and red onion. Serve with the remaining vinaigrette and Saganaki on the side.nPut all the romaine into a large mixing bowl. Add half of the tomatoes, kalamatas and cucumbers and toss to combine. Put the salad into a large decorative bowl, toss with 1 cup of the vinaigrette and garnish with the remaining tomatoes, cucumbers, pepperoncini, kalamatas, and red onion. Serve with the remaining vinaigrette and Saganaki on the side.nPut the shallot into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until well chopped. Add the lemon juice, feta, oregano, salt and pepper and pulse again to combine. With the processor running, add the oil in a steady stream. Pour into a small pitcher and set aside.nPut the shallot into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until well chopped. Add the lemon juice, feta, oregano, salt and pepper and pulse again to combine. With the processor running, add the oil in a steady stream. Pour into a small pitcher and set aside.nPreheat the broiler.nPut the kasseri slices onto a baking sheet and brush with the melted butter. Place under the broiler until the cheese starts to bubble, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the oven, douse with the brandy and ignite. Let the flame die down, sprinkle with lemon juice, transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately.nPreheat the broiler.nPut the kasseri slices onto a baking sheet and brush with the melted butter. Place under the broiler until the cheese starts to bubble, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the oven, douse with the brandy and ignite. Let the flame die down, sprinkle with lemon juice, transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 heads Romaine lettuce, washed and torn into bite sized pieces, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 1 cup kalamata olives, 1 cucumber, sliced, Greek vinaigrette, recipe follows, 12 pepperoncini, 2 small red onions, thinly sliced, Saganaki, recipe follows, 3 heads Romaine lettuce, washed and torn into bite sized pieces, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 1 cup kalamata olives, 1 cucumber, sliced, Greek vinaigrette, recipe follows, 12 pepperoncini, 2 small red onions, thinly sliced, Saganaki, recipe follows, 1 shallot, diced, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup feta cheese, crumbled, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 shallot, diced, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup feta cheese, crumbled, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound kasseri cheese, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 tablespoons brandy, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 pound kasseri cheese, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 tablespoons brandy, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Greek Salad with Saganaki, picturelink: null}, 4465: {instructions: 1.Mix together dressing ingredients in a small bowl cover and refrigerate until ready to use.n2.Core and chop apples into 1inch pieces. Place in a large mixing bowl and toss with lemon juice.n3.Add remaining ingredients. Toss with dressing before serving.n4.Tip: Prepare cooked chicken by sprinkling 3 boneless, skinless, chicken breast halves with Mrs. Dashu00ae Chicken Grilling Blend. Grill until cooked through Cool and chop into 2inch pieces., ingredients: [2 tsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Lemon Pepper Seasoning Blend, 1 cup fatfree sour cream, 14 cup honey, 1 tsp. poppy seeds, 1 tsp. red wine vinegar, 2 green apples, 2 red apples, 1 Tbsp. fresh lemon juice, 3 cups chopped cooked chicken breast, 1 cup diced celery, 12 cup diced red onion, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup raisins], title: Chicken and Apple Salad, picturelink: null}, 4466: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chicken pieces into a large bowl. Cover the chicken with water by 1 inch add 1 tablespoon of salt for every quart of water. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to overnight.nIn a large shallow platter, mix the flour, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika and cayenne until well blended season generously with salt and black pepper. In another platter combine the buttermilk and chili sauce with a fork and season with salt and black pepper.nDrain the chicken and pat it dry. Dredge the pieces, a few at a time, in the buttermilk and then dip them in the seasoned flour. Let the chicken rest while you prepare the oil.nFill a large deep pot about threequarters full with the oil. Add the garlic, sage, thyme and rosemary to the cool oil and heat over mediumhigh heat until the oil registers 350 to 365 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. The herbs and garlic will perfume the oil with their flavor as the oil comes up to temperature.nWorking in batches of 3 to 4 pieces at a time, carefully add the chicken to the pot and fry, turning once, until golden brown and cooked through, about 12 minutes. Remove the chicken and herbs from the pot with a big skimmer, shaking off as much oil as you can, and put them on a tea towel or brown paper bag to soak up the oil. Sprinkle all over with salt and a dusting of black pepper. Repeat with the remaining chicken pieces. Scatter the fried herbs and garlic over the chicken. Serve hot with lemon wedges., ingredients: [One 3to 4pound chicken, cut up into 10 pieces, Kosher salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons hot chili sauce, such as Sriracha, Peanut oil, for frying, 12 head garlic, smashed, husk still attached, 14 bunch fresh sage, 14 bunch fresh thyme, 3 big sprigs fresh rosemary, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Tyler Florences Fried Chicken, picturelink: FqOQDcL2eN.Dfqv8uo3VCTzet3Vc32}, 4467: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the beets in a small roasting pan and pour in enough cold water to reach about 14 of the way up the sides of the beets. Cover the pan with foil, and roast the beets until they are tender, 2 hours to 2 hours and 15 minutes. To check for doneness, gently insert a bamboo skewer into a beet. The skewer should slide through easily. Remove the beets from the pan, allow to cool, and then peel.nCut each beet into 14inchthick round slices. Cut each slice with a 3inch round cookie cutter. You will need 10 rounds. Cut trimmings into 14inch dice and reserve 12 cup for garnish.nIn a saute pan, bring vinegar and sugar to a boil. Lower to a simmer and poach beets 1 minute on each side. With a slotted spatula, remove and place on a baking tray lined with parchment paper. Cover and refrigerate until needed.nWhen ready to assemble, heat the olive oil in a small saute pan. Arrange the slices of Herbed Goat Cheese in the pan and warm slightly, turning them with a small spatula just to warm both sides. This has to be done quickly, or the cheese will melt.nTo assemble the napoleons, place 1 of the beet rounds on a firm, flat surface and begin to layer. Top with a slice of goat cheese, then another beet round, a second slice of cheese, another beet round, a third slice of cheese, and a beet round. Continue until you have 5 layers of beets and 4 layers of cheese. Carefully cut through layers, dividing into 3 wedges. Repeat with the remaining beets and cheese.nTo serve, arrange 3 of the wedges, pointed ends facing out, in a circle in the center of each plate. Toss the baby lettuces with the Spago House Dressing and mound half of the lettuces on top of each arranged napoleon. Drizzle 12 of the Citrus Hazelnut Vinaigrette around each mound. Sprinkle toasted nuts and reserved diced beets on top of drizzled vinaigrette. Serve immediately.nCombine the parsley, chives, thyme, and pepper and place on a flat surface. Roll the log of cheese in the mixture, coating all sides and retaining the shape of the log. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until needed.nYield: 1 7 or 8ounce lognIn a small bowl, whisk together the shallots and the mustard. Whisk in the vinegars and then the olive and vegetable oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a covered container and refrigerate until needed.nYield: 1 14 cupsnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Adventures in the Kitchen, Random House, 1991nIn a medium saucepan, bring orange juice to a boil. Lower to a simmer and reduce until only 13 cup remains. Cool to room temperature.nIn a medium bowl, combine orange juice, shallot, thyme, vinegar and orange zest.nSlowly whisk in both oils until thick and emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until needed.nYield: 1 13 cupsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the hazelnuts on a medium baking tray and toast for 10 to 12 minutes, turning after 5 minutes. This can be done in a toaster oven. Remove to a clean towel and rub to remove as much of the skin as possible. Chop coarsely and use when needed.nYield: 1 cupnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, 2000nRecipe courtesy of Wolfgang Puck, 2001, ingredients: [1 12 pounds large yellow or red beets, washed and trimmed, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 12 recipe Herbed Goat Cheese, recipe follows, cut into 8 round slices, 1 to 1 12 cups mixed baby lettuces, washed and dried, 14 cup Spago House Dressing, recipe follows, 14 cup Citrus Hazelnut Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 ounce toasted hazelnuts, recipe follows, coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 7 or 8ounce log goat cheese, 2 large shallots, minced 1 heaping tablespoon, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons zinfandel vinegar, 2 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup vegetable oil, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 12 cups fresh orange juice, 1 shallot, peeled and minced, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 13 cup hazelnut oil, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup hazelnuts], title: Roasted Beet Napoleon, picturelink: null}, 4468: {instructions: Pulse the garlic, threequarters of the bacon and half of the onion in a food processor until finely chopped. Add the bread, cheese and egg pulse to make a smooth paste. Transfer to a large bowl add the turkey and mix with your hands. Form into four 1inchthick oval patties.nCook the remaining bacon in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until browned, 4 minutes. Increase the heat to high and add the patties. Cover and cook until golden brown, 4 minutes flip and cook, uncovered, 3 to 4 more minutes. Transfer the patties to a plate.nAdd the cabbage and the remaining onion to the skillet cook, stirring occasionally, until the cabbage wilts, 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium high and add the tomatoes, chicken broth and Worcestershire sauce. Cover and bring to a boil, then uncover and cook until slightly reduced, 4 minutes. Return the patties to the skillet and simmer until cooked through, 10 minutes. Top with the parsley.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, 4 slices bacon, roughly chopped, 1 onion, roughly chopped, 2 slices white sandwich bread, torn into pieces, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce, 1 large egg, 1 14 pounds extralean ground turkey, 12 head green cabbage, cored and sliced 12 inch thick, 1 14.5ounce can nosaltadded diced tomatoes, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Turkey Meatloaves with Braised Cabbage, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 4469: {instructions: Wash and pat dry the chicken. Combine the peppercorns and fivespice powder and rub mixture onto dry chicken set aside.nLine a wok with aluminum foil. Combine tea, sugar, rice, and ginger in a small bowl. Place mixture on foil in wok. Place wok over medium heat until it starts to smoke. Place chicken on a rack 3 inches over the tea mixture, skin side up. Cover with a lid and smoke for 20 minutes or until chicken is fully cooked through.nRemove from wok and serve with steamed vegetables and rice, if desired., ingredients: [4 whole chicken breasts, skin on, 1 teaspoon Szechwan peppercorns, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 12 cup black Chinese tea leaves, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup rice, 14 cup freshly chopped gingerroot], title: Tea Smoked Chicken, picturelink: null}, 4470: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, add the butter and melt over mediumlow heat. Stir in the honey, and cook until the mixture bubbles, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat, and stir in the vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, pecans, ground ancho and garlic powder. Season the marinade, to taste, with salt and pepper.n Arrange the drumettes on a baking sheet, and brush each with the marinade. Bake until the chicken is cooked through, about 25 minutes. Baste once, halfway through baking time. Transfer to a serving platter and serve hot.nCooks Note: The ancho chile is a dried poblano chile. It is also sold as pasilla in the US. It is a deep red color, and the flavor ranges from mild to pungent. The rich, slightly fruit flavored ancho is the sweetest of the dried chiles. Anchos are often sold whole and can be stemmed, seeded then ground at home in a coffee or spice grinder. They can also be found at most supermarkets, Latin specialty markets or online.nCooks Note: Cover your baking sheet with tin foil for easy clean up and to prevent marinade from burning in the oven., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup honey, 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons ground ancho chile or chipotle powder, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds chicken drumettes], title: Sweet and Spicy Drumettes, picturelink: TJdOeFVB9VaG77URYU8uaQwNDixxij.}, 4471: {instructions: You will need a Braunstyle hand blender.nBrew a pot of robust French Roast or Espresso style coffee. In a small sauce pan warm whole milk and add cocoa. Pour two large coffee cups 34 full. While milk is coming to a simmer use hand mixer on high speed to create froth and incorporate the cocoa. Once the chocolate milk has a nice foamy head, carefully pour milk into coffee cup spooning foam on top.nDust with cocoa, ingredients: [2 coffee cups of strong French Roast coffee, 34 cup full, 2 cups of whole milk, 2 tablespoons of good cocoa, Cocoa in a clean salt shaker], title: Mochaccino Latte, picturelink: null}, 4472: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large skillet, working in batches, until it is crisp. Drain on a plate lined with a brown paper bag or paper towels. Chop into 12inch pieces.nWhile the bacon is cooking, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add a big pinch of salt and the macaroni and cook according to package instructions. Drain and set aside.nRemove all except 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat from the skillet and put it over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until they are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for about 1 minute, being careful not to let the garlic burn. Add the tomatoes and beans and cook until the beans are heated through, about 2 minutes. Stir in the bacon and parsley. Reserve 1 12 cups for the Round 2 Recipe French Bean Stew. Stir in the macaroni. Taste and season with salt and pepper if needed. Serve warm., ingredients: [8 ounces bacon, Kosher salt, 8 ounces elbow macaroni, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, Two 15ounce cans red beans, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Beans and Bacon Macaroni, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 4473: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk the mayonnaise, sour cream, mustard and vinegar. In a dry skillet over medium heat, toast the caraway and mustard seeds until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add to the dressing, season with salt and pepper and stir well.nAdd the green and red cabbage, onion and carrots and mix well, massaging in the dressing to coat the slaw and tenderize the vegetables. Cover and set aside at least 10 to 15 minutes or refrigerate up to 2 days.nPhotograph from Guy on Fire: 130 Recipes for Adventures in Outdoor Cooking, ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups shredded green cabbage, 2 cups shredded red cabbage, 12 sweet onion, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, grated], title: Caraway Coleslaw, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 4474: {instructions: Coat a large saucepan with oil, add the red pepper flakes and toast over medium heat until aromatic. Add the chicken broth and 28 ounces 2 cans water and bring to a light boil. Add the soy sauce, dark soy sauce, Worcestershire and rice wine, reduce the heat and simmer for a few minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. Add about 3 to 4 ladles of room temperature sauce to a resealable plastic bag and add the chicken. Let marinate for at least 1 hour.nAdd the cornstarch to the remaining sauce and mix well.nHeat a large skillet or a flat top grill to mediumhigh heat. Remove the chicken from the marinade and discard the marinade. Cook the chicken in the hot skillet until cooked through and lightly browned. Add the remaining sauce mixture and cook to desired consistency, coating the chicken well. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter.nMix the onions and cilantro together in a bowl.nAssembly: Warm the tortillas. Fill with Kung Pao Chicken and top with the onioncilantro garnish and chopped peanuts., ingredients: [Oil, for cooking, 1 12 to 2 ounces crushed red pepper flakes, or to taste, Six 14ounce cans lowsodium chicken broth, 2 bunches fresh cilantro, leaves chopped, 8 ounces soy sauce, 2 ounces dark soy sauce, 8 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 4 ounces rice wine or gin, 10 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast, diced, 1 ounce cornstarch, 2 onions, diced, 48 soft corn tortillas, 1 cup unsalted roasted peanuts, chopped], title: Kung Pao Chicken Tacos, picturelink: null}, 4475: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nWhisk olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and salt and pepper together. Brush portobello with vinaigrette. Bake portobello on wire rack for 20 minutes.nStuffing: Saute pancetta until crispy, then drain fat from skillet.nAdd a little olive oil, onion, diced mushroom stem, thyme, rosemary, and saute until there is no more juice in skillet, and onions are getting some color.nTransfer this mixture into a bowl and add bread crumbs, parsley, 12 the cheese, a pinch of salt and pepper, to your taste. Mix well. Spoon onto mushroom cap pressing lightly. Put the remaining cheese on stuffing and bake for 16 to 20 minutes until cheese is golden.nThis can also be broiled to desired color., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Pinch salt and pepper, 1 large portobello cap, stem removed and reserved, 14 cup pancetta diced, Olive oil, 14 cup onion, diced, Stem of mushroom cap, diced, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, 12 cup bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 14 cup Gruyere, grated, Pinch salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Stuffed Portobello Mushroom, picturelink: null}, 4476: {instructions: To make the brine: Put the water in a large bowl and stir in the salt and sugar until the sugar is dissolved. Add the ice cubes and cool the mixture to at least 45 degrees F. Submerge the pork chops in the brine. Refrigerate for 2 hours or up to 4. Remove the pork chops from the brine, pat dry, and wrap in plastic wrap. Store in refrigerator until ready to cook. To make the gravy: In a large skillet, cook sausage over medium heat, breaking it up with a spatula or fork. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons of the fat and discard. Reserve the fat in a cup for cooking chops. Sprinkle the flour over the cooked sausage in the skillet stir to coat. Gradually stir in the halfandhalf, nutmeg and Worcestershire sauce. Cook, stirring, until the sauce thickens, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Add more halfandhalf if the sauce becomes too thick. Season, to taste, with salt, pepper and hot sauce. Cover the skillet and set aside while you cook the chops. Sprinkle the chops generously with pepper. Dredge then in the flour, shaking off excess. In a large, heavy skillet, heat the reserved fat plus additional oil to a depth of 18inch over mediumhigh heat. Put the chops in the pan, as many as will fit without crowding, and fry until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Turn and cook on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes. If youre cooking more than one batch of chops, keep the fried chops warm in a preheated 250 degrees F oven. To serve, put 1 chop on each diners plate you will have 2 remaining for second helpings and spoon the gravy over them. Serve extra gravy on the side to pour biscuits or grits., ingredients: [3 cups cold water, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup sugar, 2 cups ice cubes, 6 bonein pork rib chops each 12inch thick or 6 boneless pork chops, 12 pound bulk fresh sausage, such as Brown Sugar and Sage Breakfast Patties, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups halfandhalf, plus additional if needed, Freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Sausage fat or bacon fat, lard, or canola or safflower oil], title: Kirstens Fried Pork Chops with Country Gravy, picturelink: null}, 4477: {instructions: Rinse and pat dry chicken breasts with paper towels. Place in large ziptop bag. Add raspberries, vinaigrette, vodka, if using, and chopped mint. Squeeze air out and seal bag. Gently massage the bag to mash raspberries. Marinate in the refrigerator for 1 to 4 hours.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh and oil the grates.nPlace the chicken breasts on the grill and cook for 4 to 6 minutes per side. Remove from grill and place on serving platter. Garnish with fresh mint sprigs and fresh raspberries., ingredients: [6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 12 cup frozen raspberries, thawed recommended: Dole, 1 cup raspberry vinaigrette recommended: Annies, 14 cup raspberry vodka, optional, 14 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish, Fresh raspberries, for garnish], title: Grilled Raspberry Chicken, picturelink: y4IpWT8g61Q.rCtOVppqGYeE0ei07m}, 4478: {instructions: Mix 3 eggs in a ceramic bowl. Add nutmeg and lemon zest. Beat this mixture with a wire whip. Add the cheese and the bread crumbs. Add salt to taste. This consistency should be the same as a potato puree. If it comes out too hard, add some broth to soften it and if it comes out too soft, add some more bread crumbs. Heat the broth. While boiling, strain the dough using a strainer with large holes 38 of an inch diameter directly into the boiling broth and lower the flame to avoid breakage which can occur from water that is boiling very rapidly. If you wish to save any leftovers, take a flat dish and sprinkle it with some bread crumbs and a pinch of flour. Place the Passatelli on it, cover with plastic wrap and freeze immediately., ingredients: [3 whole eggs, Nutmeg, to taste, 1 lemon, zested, 4 ounces ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 4 ounces bread crumbs, Salt, to taste, 1 quart broth either chicken, meat or vegetable], title: Passatelli, picturelink: null}, 4479: {instructions: Whisk together 12 cup canola oil, oregano and garlic in a large roasting pan. Add the pork and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours and up to 24 hours.nRemove the pork from the refrigerator 30 minutes before roasting. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSprinkle the pork all over with salt and pepper. Heat the roasting pan with the pork and marinade over mediumhigh heat. Sear the pork on all sides until dark brown. Add the chicken stock and cover. Place in the oven and let braise until a thermometer inserted into the center reaches about 195 degrees F, 3 12 hours. Let the pork rest in the braising liquid for 15 minutes.nWhile the pork is cooking, put the sour orange juice and honey in a large saucepan over high heat. Bring to a boil and reduce to 2 cups it will be a syrup consistency. Let cool to room temperature.nShred the pork using 2 forks or your hands. In a medium saucepan, toss the shredded pork with the orange honey glaze and reheat over medium heat. Serve the pork on top of some Sweet Potato Hash, topped with the eggs and Sofrito Hollandaise. Garnish with cilantro leaves.nCover the potatoes with cold water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the potatoes and dice.nHeat about 1 tablespoon canola oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the country ham and cook, turning once, until golden brown on both sides. Remove to a cutting board and coarsely chop.nToss the potatoes and ham with the cilantro, chipotles, honey and scallions, and mix gently until combined. Season with salt and pepper. Using a potato masher, gently work the mixture togetherit should still be fairly chunky.nHeat the butter in a large castiron skillet over medium heat. Add the potato mixture and press into the skillet with spatula. Cook, scraping and turning as the bottom browns, until it is hot and filled with crispy bits. Divide among 4 to 6 dinner plates.nHeat the oil in a small saute pan over high heat. Add the onions and poblano and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the sofrito from the heat and let cool slightly.nPlace the vinegar and egg yolks in a medium stainless steel bowl set over a pot of simmering water. Whisk the yolks until pale yellow and fluffy. Slowly add the melted butter, a few tablespoons at a time, and whisk until thickened. Stir in the sofrito and sour orange juice. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm until ready to use., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, 14 cup chopped fresh oregano, 12 cloves garlic, made into a paste, 1 bonein pork shoulder about 4 pounds, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups chicken stock, 4 cups sour orange juice or 3 cups fresh orange juice plus 1 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup honey, Sweet Potato Hash, recipe follows, 4 to 6 fried or poached eggs, Sofrito Hollandaise, recipe follows, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, 3 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 34inch rounds, Canola oil, One 12inch slice country ham, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon chipotle in adobo sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 small Spanish onion, finely diced, 12 poblano chile, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon aged sherry vinegar, 3 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 1 12 sticks butter, melted until foamy, Juice of 12 sour orange], title: Sour Orange Pork with Sweet PotatoHash, Fried Eggs and Sofrito Hollandaise, picturelink: null}, 4480: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the flour, Cheddar, smoked paprika, cayenne and 12 teaspoon salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until incorporated. Add the heavy cream and process until the dough forms a ball.nLightly flour a sheet of parchment paper and place the dough on top. Shape the dough with your hands into a flat rectangle, then lightly flour the dough. Roll it out with a rolling pin until it is a little less than 14 inch thick about a 12by9inch rectangle. Cut the dough into squares or rectangles and carefully transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle the dough pieces with about 14 teaspoon more salt, gently pressing it into the surface, then dust very lightly with more smoked paprika. Bake until light golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool completely on a rack., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup grated extrasharp yellow Cheddar, 34 teaspoon smoked paprika, plus more for dusting, 1 pinch cayenne, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Smokey Cheddar Cheese Crackers, picturelink: ecCAiIk4Xrwmagy2oldXb8l3RSLDvXa}, 4481: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix the buttermilk and balsamic vinegar.nIn another medium bowl, combine the cereal, flour, seasoned salt and a few grinds of black pepper.nFill a large, deep frying pan a little less than half full with oil and heat over mediumhigh heat to 350 degrees F.nDip the chicken pieces in the buttermilk mixture and then in cereal mixture. Fry the chicken, a few pieces at a time, until golden brown and cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes per piece. Remove from the oil and drain on a paper towellined plate.nBring the oil back to 350 degrees F before cooking the remaining pieces of chicken., ingredients: [12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 cups crushed corn flake cereal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Generous pinch seasoned salt, such as Lawrys, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 whole chicken, cut into 10 parts about 4 pounds, 1 quart sunflower oil], title: My Mothers Fried Chicken, picturelink: L5Kn3VKhqJ1Tuo.z9SWiz0HzfWkfslK}, 4482: {instructions: Season chicken, if desired, with salt and ground black pepper.nHeat olive oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook onion, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring frequently, 30 seconds. Add chicken and cook, turning occasionally, 6 minutes or until browned. Stir in Sauce and simmer 5 minutes. Stir in prosciutto, peas and grated Parmesan cheese. Simmer 1 minute or until peas are heated through and chicken is thoroughly cooked. Serve, if desired, over hot cooked pasta and garnish with Parmesan cheese shavings.nCost per recipe: 11.60.nCost per serving: 2.90.nBased on average retail prices at national supermarkets., ingredients: [112 lbs. boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into large chunks, 1 Tbsp. olive oil, 14 cup chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Vodka Sauce made with Fresh Cream, 2 ounces prosciutto, chopped, 12 cup frozen green peas, partially thawed, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, Parmesan cheese shavings], title: Chicken With Peas, Parmesan and Prosciutto, picturelink: MycvZFzfNo7yQr3y4jQ8eWHrhy2hXky}, 4483: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine water, orange juice and honey. Heat to 110 degrees F. Add the yeast and stir to dissolve. Place liquidyeast mixture in the bowl of an electric mixer with a paddle attachment. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, wholewheat flour and salt. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and mix on low speed to combine. Add egg yolks and melted butter and mix on low speed until dough is formed. Turn dough out onto a wellfloured surface. Place dough in a clean, lightly oiled bowl and cover with a towel. Place in a warm draftfree location for 1 12 hours to rise. Remove dough from bowl and place on a floured surface. Roll out to 14inch thick and cut into 3inch circles. Place circles on a lightly oiled sheet pan. Cover with a towel and let rise for 30 minutes. In a deep pot, heat the vegetable oil to 360 degrees. Fry the donuts in the oil, a few at a time. Fry each side for about 3 minutes or until golden brown. In a shallow pie plate, combine the sugar and cinnamon. Remove the doughnuts from the oil and dredge in the cinnamon sugar. Place apricot jelly in a pastry bag fitted with a small plain tip. Poke the tip into the side of the doughnut and gently squeeze the filling evenly into all of the doughnuts., ingredients: [34 cup water, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons dry yeast, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup whole wheat flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons melted butter, or Pareve margarine, 6 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 tablespoons cinnamon, 1 cup apricot preserves], title: Whole Wheat Honey Doughnuts with Apricot Jelly, picturelink: null}, 4484: {instructions: Rinse and drain rice in cold water to remove starch and impurities. Place drained rice and the cold water in a heavy saucepan. Bring the water to a rolling boil, uncovered, over high heat.nStir, reduce the heat to low, cover the pan tightly, and cook for 20 minutes. Remove the covered pan from the heat and let stand 10 minutes without removing the lid.nRemove the lid and fluff the rice gently with a fork or rice paddle. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups jasmine rice, or other long grain white rice, 3 cups cold water], title: Jasmine Rice, picturelink: null}, 4485: {instructions: Pack whole tomatoes into quartlitre jars with a few thyme sprigs, a couple of bay leaves, and an onion slice or two. Close the lids and set the jars on a rack in a deep pan. Add enough water to cover generously. Weight down with a brick so they dont float. Simmer for an hour and a half, until they lose their shape and collapse. Let the jars cool in the water so that they form a tight seal. When done, each jar will look only half full of tomatoes., ingredients: [Tomatoes, Few sprigs fresh thyme, Bay leaves, 1 or 2 onion slices, Water, as needed], title: Anne Willans Home Canned Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 4486: {instructions: Place rinsed grapes and pears on a cutting board with your favorite dessert cheeses and sweet biscuits for a simple, elegant end to your meal. Ask for help from the cheese counter specialist in your market theyll let you try your pick of cheeses., ingredients: [1 pound seedless grapes black, red, or green, 8 ounces triplecreme cheese, like Gourmandise with Kirsh or walnut, St. Andre, or Camembert, 2 Bosc pears, sliced, 1 small box sweet whole wheat biscuits], title: Fresh Fruits and Dessert Cheeses, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 4487: {instructions: Place potatoes in a pot, cover with cold water and bring up to a boil. Season water with salt and boil potatoes until tender, 12 to15 minutes. Heads up: save a ladle of starchy cooking water just before draining.nHeat a skillet with high sides over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, half a turn of the pan and the bacon. Crisp bacon and remove to paper towel lined plate. Add sirloin to the pan and caramelize the meat, 4 to 5 minutes. Add in the mushrooms and onions and cook until tender, 6 to 7 minutes more then season with salt and pepper.nWhile meat cooks heat a small sauce pot over medium heat and melt butter, whisk the flour into butter, cook 2 minutes then whisk beef stock into flour, add Worcestershire and season sauce with salt and pepper, to taste. Thicken 6 to 7 minutes.nPour gravy over meat and turn on broiler.nTemper egg yolk by beating it with the starchy potato cooking water. Place drained potatoes back into the pot you cooked them in to dry them out a little. Mash potatoes with egg yolk and sour cream then fold in crumbled blue cheese and chives. Season the potatoes with salt and pepper and spread across the top of the meat in an even layer. Garnish the potatoes with paprika and place under broiler to crisp and brown the potatoes, 2 to 3 minutes. Crumble reserved bacon over top. Serve immediately right from the hot skillet., ingredients: [2 pounds Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, Salt, 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices good quality bacon or peppered bacon, chopped, 2 pounds ground sirloin, 1 onion, chopped, 12 pound button mushrooms, quartered, Black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups beef stock, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 egg yolk, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 12 pound blue cheese, crumbled recommended: Maytag, 3 to 4 tablespoons chives, 1 teaspoon paprika], title: Steakhouse Shepherds Pie, picturelink: pLE6R8E2lTG1XR3O4SHzLWFE9kMRG2a}, 4488: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSprinkle the chicken with 1 teaspoon salt on each side. Combine the olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, garlic, rosemary, and 2 teaspoons pepper in a small measuring cup. Place the chicken in a ceramic or glass dish just large enough to hold it flat. Pour the lemon marinade over the chicken, turning it in the dish. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight. Turn the chicken 2 or 3 times while marinating.nWhen ready to grill, prepare a hot charcoal fire on 1 side of a grill or turn a gas grill on low heat. Spread 14 of the coals across the other side of the grill. Place the chicken on the cooler side, skin side up, and weigh it down with the dish you used for marinating. Cook for 12 to 15 minutes, until the underside is golden brown. Turn the chicken skin side down, weight again with the dish, and cook for another 12 to 15 minutes, until the skin is golden brown and the chicken is cooked through. Place the lemon halves on the cool side of the grill, cut side down for the last 10 minutes of cooking. Remove the chicken to a plate or cutting board, cover with aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Cut in quarters, sprinkle with salt, and serve with the grilled lemon halves., ingredients: [1 3 12pound chicken, flattened, Kosher salt, 13 cup good olive oil, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 13 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, halved], title: Tuscan Lemon Chicken, picturelink: iOZDfsVuJPN4eeRUs4QHboa.UbmSS}, 4489: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with cinnamon stick., ingredients: [2 shots Irish cream liqueur, 1 shot brandy, 12 shot cinnamon schnapps, 1 teaspoon maple syrup, Ice, Cinnamon stick, for garnish], title: Mapletini, picturelink: R44udOKSEg6f6kiCWrlZvlGV4PT4USu}, 4490: {instructions: Preheat outdoor smoker to approximately 225 degrees F.nRemove silver skin from ribs, or have butcher do it for you. Brush with mustard then very generously season with salt and pepper, on both sides. Place in a smoker and cook until internal temperature reaches about 155 degrees F, about 1 12 to 2 hours. Serve with BBQ sauce on the side, if desired.nIn a small saucepan, combine all ingredients and bring to a simmer for a few minutes for flavors to combine., ingredients: [1 rack pork spareribs about 3 pounds, 14 cup yellow mustard, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 recipe Smokey Mountain BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup BBQ sauce, 1 tablespoon whiskey, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Smokey Mountain Pork Ribs, picturelink: null}, 4491: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the slaw, apples, chicken, grapes, yogurt, blue cheese, lemon juice and walnuts. Season with black pepper. Serve the salad over the mixed greens., ingredients: [6 cups packaged broccoli slaw, 4 cups chopped Granny Smith apple about 4 small, 4 cups chopped or shredded skinless, boneless white breast meat from a rotisserie chicken or 34 cups dark meat per cup, 1 cup halved seedless grapes, 34 cup plain nonfat yogurt, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup walnuts, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups mixed greens], title: Waldorf Salad, picturelink: null}, 4492: {instructions: In large pot combine chicken, carrots, celery, bay leaf, peppercorns, onion. Add water and bring to a simmer. Skim off fat forming at top. Cook for 2  3 hours. Strain. Freeze or refrigerate., ingredients: [Leftover chicken parts including backs, necks and bones, 2 carrots, chopped, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 3 peppercorns, 1 onion, peeled and halved, 8 cups water], title: Homemade Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 4493: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPat lamb dry and score fat by making shallow cuts all over with tip of a sharp small knife.nPlace garlic, parsley, mint, lemon zest and juice, salt, pepper, and oil in a food processor and process until smooth. Rub the paste all over the lamb and place in a lightly oiled roasting pan. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nRoast lamb in middle of oven for 20 minutes, reduce heat to 350, and cook until an instantread thermometer inserted 2 inches into thickest part of meat not touching bone registers 135 degrees F, about 1 34 hours.nTransfer to a cutting board and let stand 15 to 25 minutes the internal temperature will rise to about 145 degrees F for medium. Slice the meat against the grain and serve with pita., ingredients: [1 7pound semiboneless leg of lamb, aitchbone removed, fat trimmed to 14inch thick, and lamb tied, 8 garlic cloves, 1 cup flatleaf parsley, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, Pita bread, wrapped in foil and warmed in the oven], title: Roasted Leg of Lamb, picturelink: wCClcogi5afXawvRLCP0OmF08qbmQS}, 4494: {instructions: In a small skillet toast the fennel seed over moderate heat until very fragrant, about 2 to 3 minutes. In a large saucepan melt the butter and cook the leek until very soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in stock and potatoes and bring to boil. Simmer the soup until the potatoes are tender, about 1015 minutes. Stir in the toasted fennel, kielbasa, cream and salt and pepper, to taste. Before serving stir in the arugula. Garnish with red bell pepper., ingredients: [12 teaspoon fennel seed, lightly crushed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups sliced leeks, white part only, rinsed and drained, 5 cups chicken stock, 2 medium boiling potatoes, peeled and diced, 12 pound kielbasa, diced, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup thinly sliced arugula, 14 cup finely diced red bell pepper, for garnish, optional], title: Leek, Potato and Kielbasa Soup, picturelink: null}, 4495: {instructions: Slice the baguette into thin slices and let them dry out thoroughly for a few days, then grind them in a food processor. Melt the butter in saute pan and add the shallots and garlic. Cook them for 2 minutes, or until softened. Turn off the heat and add 23 cup fresh, nottoofine bread crumbs, and the parsley and blend well. Season with salt and pepper.nScrub and debeard the mussels. Put them in a large pot. Add enough wine to cover half the mussels. Cover the pot and turn up heat to high. When the wine starts to boil, shake the pan back and forth over the heat, just until mussels open. Remove cooked mussels to a large roasting pan and remove top shells. Loosen the mussel from remaining shell.nTop the mussels with bread crumb mixture. Place them under the broiler and broil them for 1 minute, or until mussels start to sizzle and brown., ingredients: [1 baguette, 5 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons shallots, finely minced, 3 teaspoons garlic, finely minced, 23 cup fresh, nottoofine bread crumbs, 6 tablespoons parsley, finely minced, Salt and pepper, 3 dozen small to mediumsized mussels, 1 bottle dry white wine], title: Sizzled Mussels with Garlic and Parsley a la Vaudeville, picturelink: null}, 4496: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and add half the garlic cloves. Bring the pan to a medium high heat and cook until the garlic becomes golden brown. When the garlic is golden brown and very aromatic, remove it and discard, it has fulfilled its garlic destiny. Put 3 12 dozen clams in the pan with the wine and 12 cup of water. Cover the pan and bring it to a boil over medium heat. Cover and cook until the clams open, about 10 minutes. Remove the clams from the pan and reduce the cooking liquid. Let the clams cool slightly, then remove them from the shells and reserve. Discard the shells. Pour the cooking liquid into a measuring cup.nBring a large pot of well salted water to a boil over medium heat.nCoat the same saute pan again with olive oil and add the remaining garlic cloves and a large pinch of crushed pepper flakes. Bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat and cook until the garlic becomes golden brown. When the garlic is golden brown and very aromatic, remove it and discard, it has fulfilled its garlic destiny. Add the remaining raw clams and reserved clam cooking liquid to the pan. When adding the reserved clam liquid, be sure to check for sand and grit in the bottom, you may lose the last couple of tablespoons of juice but that is better than sand in your pasta Cover and cook until the clams open.nWhile the clams are cooking, drop the linguine into the salted boiling water and cook until the pasta is very al dente maybe a minute or so less than the box directs.nRemove the cooked clams in their shells from the pan and keep warm. Add the butter and cooked clams that have been removed from their shells back to the pan. Bring the liquid to a boil and toss in the cooked pasta and the herbs. Cook the pasta together with the sauce until the sauce clings to the pasta. Turn off the heat and toss in the grated ParmigianoReggiano, if using, and finish with a drizzle of big fat finishing oil. Toss or stir vigorously to combine.nDivide the pasta into serving dishes and garnish with the clams that are still in their shells and a little more shaved ParmigianoReggiano, if desired.nThis wont make you want to clam up, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 9 cloves garlic, smashed, 5 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed under cold running water, 1 cup white wine, 12 cup water, 1 large pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 pound linguine, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped oregano leaves, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, optional, plus shavings for garnish, Kosher salt, Big fat finishing extravirgin olive oil high quality], title: Linguine with White Clam Sauce, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 4497: {instructions: Combine lettuce, onions and tomatoes in a salad bowl.nIn a small bowl, combine ketchup and vinegar. Whisk in extravirgin olive oil in a slow stream. Stir relish into dressing then pour dressing over salad and toss. Season the salad with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 head iceberg lettuce, core removed and lettuce chopped, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 2 vine ripe tomatoes, halved and thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons dill pickle relish, Salt and pepper], title: Drum Roll Mixed Salad with Dill Pickle Relish Dressing, picturelink: null}, 4498: {instructions: Place egg whites, sugar and salt in mediumsized heatproof mixing bowl over a pan of simmering water and whisk gently and constantly until egg whites are hot, about 140 degrees, and sugar is dissolved, about 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove from heat and whip by machine until thick and cooled, about 5 minutes. Beat in butter and continue beating until buttercream is smooth and spreadable. Use immediately or refrigerate, covered for up to 5 days. Before using, bring to room temperature and beat until smooth with the machine.nBeat in flavoring, a little at a time, and continue beating until buttercream is smooth, about 2 minutes longer always flavored buttercream immediately before using it., ingredients: [4 large egg whites 12 cup, 1 cup sugar, Pinch of salt, 12 ounces 3 sticks unsalted butter, softened, Liqueur: 2 to 3 tablespoons liqueur such as Grand Marnier or dark or light rum, Lemon: 2 to 3 tablespoons lemon juice, Coffee: 3 tablespoons instant coffee espresso, if possible dissolved in 2 tablespoons water, coffee or rum, Raspberry: 34 cup raspberry puree made by cooking down and straining a 10ounce package of frozen raspberries], title: Easy Meringue Buttercream, picturelink: null}, 4499: {instructions: Place a 1quart saucepan half filled with water over high heat and bring it to a simmer. Make a double boiler by setting a large mixing bowl over the simmering water. Place the whole eggs, egg yolks, sugar, and honey in the mixing bowl and make an egg foam by whisking the mixture to 113 degrees F 45 degrees C on a candy thermometer, about 7 to 10 minutes. The egg foam passes through various stages becoming foamy, then smooth and finally it thickens. When it is thick, it will be hot to the touch, tripled in volume, and light in color and the sugar will have completely dissolved. If you dip the whisk into the mixture and pull it out, the batter should fall back into the bowl in a thick ribbon.nRemove the mixing bowl from the heat and whip the batter with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until it cools, increases in volume, stiffens slightly and becomes pale yellow, about 7 to 10 minutes. Take the time to whip it well if the mixture is underwhipped, the baked genoise will be dense. Very, very carefully, fold in the flour with a rubber spatula until the flour is no longer visible, making sure to fold to the bottom of the bowl. Do not overmix or the batter will deflate.nI bake the genoise on a baking sheet 99 percent of the time because then I can cut it to any size I want. Spread the batter over a parchment papercovered baking sheet and bake in a preheated 400 degrees F 200 degrees C oven until lightly and evenly browned and springy to the touch, about 10 minutes. If using cake pans, fill buttered and parchment paperlined 8inch round cake pans three quarters full. Bake at 350 degrees F 175 degrees C until wellrisen and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Genoise is baked at a higher temperature for a shorter period of time on a baking sheet than when baked in a cake pan to allow it to retain moisture if overbaked, it will be dry and crunchy.nLet the genoise cool slightly. Unmold and finish cooling on a wire rack to allow the air to circulate evenly around the cake. The baked genoise can be stored in the freezer for 2 to 3 weeks if well wrapped in plastic wrap. Return it to room temperature before using it.nVARIATION: You can easily make this recipe into a Chocolate Genoise by substituting unsweetened cocoa powder for 10 to 20 percent of the weight a scant 14 cup to a full 13 cup0.8 to 1.6 ounces25 to 50 grams of the flour. Weigh the cocoa powder before you sift it.nSIDEBAR: Genoise can be made with butter. In this recipe, you can substitute butter 5 12 tablespoons, 2.7 ounces or 75 grams for the 3 large egg yolks. Melt and cool the butter and fold it in after the flour is added., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 3 large egg yolks, 1 cup 7 ounces, 200 grams granulated sugar, 2 12 1.7 ounces, 50 grams tablespoons honey, 2 cups 8.8 ounces, 250 grams unbleached, unbromated pastry flour, sifted, 13 cup cocoa powder if making chocolate genoise], title: Chocolate Genoise, picturelink: null}}