{44700: {instructions: Make the sauce: Heat the olive oil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic powder, sumac and tomatoes and cook until thickened, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nMake the pizza: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Drizzle a rimmed baking sheet with 2 tablespoons olive oil and stretch the pizza dough to fill the pan it doesnt have to be perfect since this is a rustic pizza. Brush the dough with olive oil and bake until just golden, 10 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the eggplant and cumin, season with salt and pepper, and cook until the eggplant is tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 5 more minutes. Meanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a separate skillet over medium heat. Add the red onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until caramelized, about 15 minutes.nReduce the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Top the crust with 1 cup sauce, the mozzarella, eggplant mixture, caramelized onion, olives, sundried tomatoes and feta. Return to the oven and cook until the cheese melts and the crust is golden brown, 15 to 20 more minutes, brushing the crust with olive oil halfway through.nRemove the pizza from the oven and brush the crust with olive oil again. Top the pizza with the mint.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 tablespoon sumac available at Middle Eastern and gourmet stores, 1 35ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 pound prepared pizza dough, at room temperature, 1 medium eggplant, cubed, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced, 8 ounces fresh buffalo mozzarella cheese, diced, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, roughly chopped, 12 cup oilpacked sundried tomatoes, drained and roughly chopped, 34 cup feta cheese, crumbled, Torn fresh mint, for topping], title: Middle Eastern Pizza, picturelink: Nm6yRaaChvUCxaL8YocX1X9MyFg.1wm}, 44701: {instructions: Peel the avocados and mash them with a tejolote, in a molcajete. Add the garlic, tomatoes, onion, lime juice, jalapeno, salt, cilantro and pepper.nServe immediately with corn chips or slices of jicama., ingredients: [2 large ripe Haas avocados, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tomato, finely chopped, 12 onion, finely chopped, 1 lime juice juiced, 1 jalapeno chile, seeded and chopped, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 bunch cilantro chopped, Freshly ground pepper], title: Guacamole con Chile, picturelink: null}, 44702: {instructions: Place 2 cups of apples on a bed of arugula. In a medium bowl, mix together: yogurt, mayonnaise and Dijon mustard. Add 2 cups chopped apples and celery. Place on top of arugula and apples, sprinkle with fresh roasted walnuts., ingredients: [4 cups chopped apples, such as Mutsu or Crispin, 4 cups arugula, 34 cup yogurt, regular or nonfat, 34 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 cup walnuts, roasted], title: New American Waldorf Salad, picturelink: null}, 44703: {instructions: Fill a highsided, 5quart pot halfway with canola oil. Preheat the oil over medium heat to 350 degrees FnSprinkle the shrimp on both sides with salt and pepper. Coat a large saute pan with enough oil to coat the bottom and place on medium heat. Add the shrimp and saute, flipping once, until they begin to curl and turn opaque, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the garlic to pan halfway through and cook briefly, making sure not to burn. Deglaze the pan with the white wine and cook off the liquid. Remove from the heat and pour the contents onto a tray to cool.nBring the pan back to the heat and add a little more oil. Add the Brussels sprouts, cook to sweat and then season with salt and pepper. Add the chiles and cook for another minute. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Place the cooked shrimp on the cutting board and run knife through it for a rough chop. Place into a mixing bowl. Mix in the Brussels sprouts, chopped peanuts and Thai basil. Season with salt and pepper.nTo build the egg roll, lay the wrapper flat on the work surface like a diamond, with one corner facing you. Brush a little egg wash over the top corner and edges of the wrapper. Lay some of the stuffing in the bottom third of the wrapper in a horizontal log, leaving a 1inch gap on either side. Fold the bottom corner over the stuffing, then fold the sides inside like an envelope and roll all the way to the top. Place the egg rolls on a sheet tray until ready to fry.nFry the egg rolls in the oil until golden brown and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the oil carefully and place them on a papertowellined sheet tray. Place on a platter and serve with the Sesame Ginger Dipping Sauce.nIn a small bowl whisk together the soy sauce, honey, scallions, vinegar, ginger, oil and chiles. Add salt to taste., ingredients: [Canola oil, 8 ounces shrimp, peeled, deveined and tails removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 14 cup white wine, 8 ounces Brussels sprouts, thinly sliced, 1 Serrano chile, thinly sliced, 14 cup dry roasted peanuts, chopped, 14 cup Thai basil, chiffonade, 16 spring roll wrappers, 1 egg, whisked with 1 tablespoon water, Sesame Ginger Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 red Thai bird chile, thinly sliced, Kosher salt], title: Shrimp and Brussels Sprout Spring Rolls with Sesame Ginger Dipping Sauce, picturelink: bQg2xPRFuSsow4sYoE1jU3YFx9f.Fjq}, 44704: {instructions: Heat grill pan or nonstick skillet over high heat. Spray the pan with cooking spray. Place fish on grill, season with salt and pepper and cook 5 minutes on each side, until opaque.nArrange lettuce leaves on a platter. Place jalapeno in a food processor with cilantro, mint, mustard and vinegar. Turn processor on and stream in oil. Season sauce with salt and pepper.nTake the fish off grill and place on a serving plate. Break the fish into chunks and squeeze lime juice over fish. Add a few dashes hot sauce to the fish.nPile fish in lettuce leaves and top with sauce and chopped red onions., ingredients: [2 pounds grouper fish fillets, Cooking spray, Salt and pepper, 1 lime, Hot sauce, Bib or green leaf lettuce leaves, for wrapping, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 1 cup cilantro leaves, 3 sprigs fresh mint, 3 tablespoons grainy mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 red onion, finely chopped], title: Pacos Fish Tacos in Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: null}, 44705: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9by13inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nIn a large pot or Dutch oven, combine the halfandhalf and 6 cups of the chicken stock and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Once up to a boil, stir in the grits. Bring it back up to a boil, and then reduce the heat to low and cover. Simmer, stirring frequently, until the mixture has slightly thickened it should resemble cooked oatmeal in thickness, 10 to 15 minutes. Use a whisk to break up any lumps that have formed.nMeanwhile, in a large saucepan, cook the bacon over mediumhigh heat until just turning crispy, about 7 minutes. With a slotted spoon, remove the bacon and place it on a paper towel, patting it to remove any excess fat. Using the same saucepan, add the onions to the leftover bacon drippings and saute until translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Then add the collard greens and the remaining 2 cups chicken stock and cook until tender, another 10 minutes. Drain the collards and onions in a colander.nOnce the grits are done, add the Parmesan, butter, salt, pepper and 12 cup of the Monterey jack. Stir until the butter has melted and all the ingredients are well combined. Then add the drained collards mixture and stir.nTransfer the grits mixture to the prepared baking dish and top with the crumbled bacon and the remaining 12 cup Monterey jack. Bake until the cheese is melted and bubbly, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking dish, 2 cups halfandhalf, 8 cups chicken stock, 2 cups grits, such as Quaker Old Fashioned, 6 slices bacon, cut into small pieces, 1 medium sweet onion, such as Vidalia, finely chopped, One 16ounce package frozen collard greens, thawed, 1 34 cups grated Parmesan 6 ounces, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded Monterey jack cheese], title: Grits and Greens Casserole, picturelink: XLocMrHJ7lYM1JQ5JdsvYULoVnJaswO}, 44706: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250275 degrees.nBatter will make about 15 lbs. Prepare pans according to chart below. Grease and line pans with brown paper, waxed paper, or parchment. Grease again. Cut paper about 1 inch taller than pans. Fill pans a little over half full with batter. If you have room in the oven, put a pan with some hot water in it in the bottom, to keep the cakes moist. EnjoynPan sizes and baking chart:n9 x 5 x 3inch loaf pan: 6 12 cups batter, bake for 3 hoursn10 tube pan: 2 12 quarts batter, bake for 3 hrs 15 minsn1 lb. coffee cans: 3 34 cups batter, bake for 3 hrs 15 minsn9 14 oz. tuna cans: 1 cup batter, bake for 1 hour 30 minsnNo.303 16oz cans: 1 23 cup batter, bake for 2 14 to 2 12 hoursn4 12 x 2 12 x 2inch mini loaf pans: 34 cup batter, bake for 1 hour, ingredients: [2 12 cups butter, 4 cups light brown sugar, 8 eggs, beaten, 10 cups flour, 1 tsp. salt, 3 tsp. baking powder, 2 12 tsp. cinnamon, 1 tsp. allspice, 34 tsp. nutmeg, 34 tsp. cloves, 2 lb. mixed candied fruit, 2 lb. red candied cherries leave whole, 12 lb. candied pineapple cut into wedges, 12 lb. pitted dates chopped, 1 lb. golden raisins, 12 lb. currants, 2 12 lb. walnuts broken large, 34 cup sherry wine], title: Moms Fruitcake, picturelink: null}, 44707: {instructions: In a large punch bowl or pitcher, stir pineapple, lemon juice, cherry juice, rum, and brandy to blend. Refrigerate for 30 minutes. Add Champagne just before serving., ingredients: [1 can 20ounce crushed pineapple in heavy syrup, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 cup maraschino cherry juice, 1 cup dark rum, 12 cup brandy, 1 bottle 750 ml chilled inexpensive brut Champagne], title: Champagne Punch, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 44708: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta until al dente. Drain in a colander and let cool a bit before transferring the pasta to a large bowl. Drizzle with the 2 tablespoons olive oil and mix to combine.nAdd the eggplant to the prepared baking sheet drizzle with the 14 cup olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and toss it all together. Roast until golden, tender and caramelized, about 30 minutes.nHeat a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and saute until cooked through, using the back of a wooden spoon to crumble the sausage, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the tomatoes and garlic and cook until heated through and starting to soften a bit, 1 minute. Add the sausage mixture to the pasta bowl. Add the lemon juice, basil, parsley, olives and roasted eggplant to the bowl and toss together. Top with the feta cheese. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound bowtie farfalle pasta, 2 tablespoons plus 14 cup olive oil, 1 medium eggplant 1 pound, cut into 1inch cubes, Freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound Italian turkey sausage, casings removed, 1 pint 10 ounces grape tomatoes, sliced in half, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 large lemon, juiced, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, torn, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup pitted Kalamata olives, roughly chopped, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: Eggplant and Sausage Pasta Salad, picturelink: HBnVzxouaZ6Dt.j2cpcmXLkTkWP0qw6}, 44709: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 squeeze bottles, optionalnHeat the butter in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the leek and season with salt and pepper. Saute the leek until soft but not browned, about 5 minutes. Add the corn kernels and cook 6 to 8 minutes, stirring from time to time. Add the turmeric and garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the stock, bring to a simmer and cook until the corn is soft, another 6 to 8 minutes.nTransfer the mixture to a blender preferably high speed. Add the lime zest and juice, season with salt and pepper and blend until very smooth. Taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary. Let cool, then refrigerate the mixture in the blender carafe if desired until chilled, at least 1 hour.nWhen ready to serve, blend the mixture again, adding more stock if needed. Garnish with a drizzle of crema in a squeeze bottle works best, a couple pickled Fresno slices, a swirl of Cilantro Oil and some crushed Marcona almonds.nPut the olive oil, cilantro, green onion and garlic in a blender and process until smooth. Pour through a finemesh strainer into another bowl season with salt and pepper. If necessary, whisk in a tablespoon of water at a time, up to 14 cup. Season to taste and transfer to a squeeze bottle., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 leek, cleaned well and chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ears fresh sweet corn, kernels removed, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 cups vegetable stock, plus more if needed, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Mexican crema, for serving, Pickled Fresno chile slices, for serving, Cilantro Oil, recipe follows, Crushed Marcona almonds, for serving, 34 cup olive oil, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves and tender part of the stems, 1 green onion, roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Corn Summer Gazpacho, picturelink: Gm.9.Fj0nQWeNlY3p7UgKiQlNO0x92W}, 44710: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: one 3inch round cookie cutternCombine the flours, sugar, baking powder, salt and lemon zest in a food processor. Pulse until mixed. Add the egg and vanilla. Pulse until combined. Add the butter and blend until the mixture forms into a dough. Form the dough into a disc, cover with plastic wrap and freeze for 30 minutes.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone mat.nOn a generouslyfloured work surface, roll out the dough into a 10inchdiameter circle, about 14inch thick. Using a 3inch round cookie cutter, cut the dough into 12 pieces and transfer to the prepared baking sheet any leftover pieces of dough can be gently kneaded together, rolled out and used for more dough circles. Sprinkle the dough with the nonpareil sprinkles. Press the sprinkles gently into the dough. Bake until light golden around the edges, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting., 12 cup almond flour, 12 cup superfine or bakers sugar, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, Zest of 1 large lemon, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into 12inch pieces, Colored nonpareil sprinkles], title: Lemon Carnival Cookies, picturelink: 3IHsh5hyiIijHo7ql3PpBSidTv3zWxu}, 44711: {instructions: Make the pasta dough as directed in the master recipe.nTo make the filling: Combine all the ingredients in a mixing bowl, stirring to incorporate.nTo make the sauce: Coat a wide saute pan with olive oil and place over medium heat. When the oil gets hazy, add the onions, garlic, and anchovies cook and stir for 5 minutes until fragrant and soft. Add the olives, capers, and hand torn basil. Carefully add the tomatoes nothing splashes like tomatoes, cook and stir over low heat, until the liquid is cooked down and the sauce is thick, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nYield: 24 raviolinPasta Dough for Ravioli:n2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dustingn1 teaspoon saltn3 large eggs, plus 1 for egg washn2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oilnCornmeal, for dustingnTo make the pasta dough: In an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour and salt. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and continue to mix. Drizzle in 1 tablespoons of the olive oil and continue to incorporate all the flour until it forms a ball. Sprinkle some flour on work surface, knead and fold the dough until elastic and smooth, this should take about 10 minutes. Brush the surface with the remaining olive oil and wrap the dough in plastic wrap let rest for about 30 minutes to allow the gluten to relax.nAlternatively if you dont have an electric mixer: Combine the flour and salt on a flat work surface shape into a mound and make a well in the center. Add the eggs and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil to the well and lightly beat with a fork. Gradually draw in the flour from the inside wall of the well in a circular motion. Use 1 hand for mixing and the other to protect the outer wall. Continue to incorporate all the flour until it forms a ball. Continue as directed above.nCut the ball of dough in 12, cover and reserve the piece you are not immediately using to prevent it from drying out. Dust the counter and dough with a little flour. Press the dough into a rectangle and roll it through a pasta machine, 2 or 3 times, at widest setting. Pull and stretch the sheet of dough with the palm of your hand as it emerges from the rollers. Reduce the setting and crank the dough through again, 2 or 3 times. Continue tightening until the machine is at the narrowest setting the dough should be paperthin, about 18inch thick you should be able to see your hand through it.. Dust the sheets of dough with flour as needed.nBeat 1 egg with 1 tablespoon of water to make an egg wash. Dust the counter and sheet of dough with flour, lay out the long sheet of pasta, and brush the top surface with the egg wash, which acts as a glue. Drop tablespoons of your favorite filling on 12 of the pasta sheet, about 2inches apart. Fold the other 12 over the filling like a blanket. With an espresso cup or fingers, gently press out air pockets around each mound of filling. Use a sharp knife to cut each pillow into squares and crimp the 4 edges with the tins of a fork to make a tight seal. Dust the ravioli and a sheet pan with cornmeal to prevent the pasta from sticking and lay them out to dry slightly while assembling the rest.nCook the ravioli in plenty of boiling salted water for 4 minutes theyll float to the top when ready, so be careful not to overcrowd the pot. Lift the ravioli from water with a large strainer or slotted spoon. Bath the ravioli in your favorite sauce to lightly coat and serve., ingredients: [1 recipe Pasta Dough for Ravioli, recipe follows, 1 15ounce container ricotta cheese, 2 8ounce balls fresh buffalo mozzarella, water drained and shredded, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 cups fresh baby spinach, finely chopped, 1 large egg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 anchovy fillets, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 12 bunch fresh basil leaves, 2 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, drained and hand crushed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spinach and Three Cheese Ravioli with Sugo Sauce, picturelink: lKMgv.SswtKZegu0t7WpW6ZF0y9icZW}, 44712: {instructions: Bring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat and salt it generously. Add the pasta and boil, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, carrot, celery, and salt cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the chicken, bay leaf, thyme, and broth to the vegetables, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes.nAdd the pasta to the soup just before serving. Ladle into warm bowls and serve. Soup can be made in advance and frozen, just omit the pasta and add when serving., ingredients: [1 cup orzo or favorite shaped little pasta, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 medium carrot, shredded, 1 rib celery, peeled and minced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups cooked chicken, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 5 cups chicken broth, lowsodium canned or homemade], title: Chicken and Pasta Soup, picturelink: 9xmZJjQ60p2rkzgJ5fvr88r5yyEVpj.}, 44713: {instructions: In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter, 2 cups of the sugar and salt until smooth. Add all of the lemon juice and half of the zest. On a low speed, add the flour, 12 cup at a time, until just incorporated. Turn the cookie dough out onto a board and roll it into a log. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove log from the refrigerator and cut it into thin 14inch thick discs. If using 1 baking sheet, bake the cookies in batches. Arrange the discs on 2 silicone or parchment lined baking sheets, 1inch apart, and bake until the edges are just golden, about 20 minutes. Remove the cookies from the oven and transfer them to a wire rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, using stand mixer or hand mixer, mix cream cheese with the remaining 1 cup confectioners sugar and remaining half of the lemon zest.nTop half of the cookies with the cream cheese mixture and cover with another cookie to make a sandwich. Dust the top of the cookie sandwiches with confectioners sugar and serve., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 cups confectioners sugar, divided, plus more for garnish, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, divided about 2 tablespoons zest and 2 tablespoons juice, 2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature], title: Lemon Pie Cookies, picturelink: bQhnDjuwZ.pI6NLyhFqlWXJXHAGDhG}, 44714: {instructions: Using a mixer with a paddle, cream together the butter, sugar and eggs until smooth. Add the vanilla and zest and combine. Mix together the flours, salt and baking soda and slowly fold in using the paddle alternating with the sour cream. Mix until smooth, but do not over mix. Spray 8 4ounce ramekins and fill halfway up with the batter. Bake in a 350 degree oven for 15 minutes until a tester comes out clean. Demold cakes onto a rack and glaze while still warm.nCombine all and bring to a boil until completely dissolved. Pull off the heat and glaze each cake with 2 tablespoons.nIn a bowl, mix the berries, mint and glaze. PLATING: Slice the cake in half. Place the bottom on a plate and cover with berries then whipped cream. Top with cake and garnish with mint sprig., ingredients: [5 ounces 1 14 sticks butter, 7 ounces sugar just under 1 cup, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 lemon, zested, 1 cup cake flour, sifted, 13 cup fine semolina, 13 cup fine cornmeal, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 cup sour cream, 1 cup lemon juice, 12 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 2 pints strawberries, cleaned and sliced 14inch, 14 cup mint chiffonade, sliced 116inch, save 8 little sprigsleaves for garnish, 14 cup above glaze, 12 cup heavy cream, whipped to stiff peak], title: Strawberry Lemon Semolina Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 44715: {instructions: Add the melted chocolate, vanilla, cinnamon and mashed avocado to a medium bowl and mix until combined. Refrigerate for 10 minutes.nPut the cocoa powder on a plate. Using a teaspoon, scoop rounded spoonfuls of the avocadochocolate mixture. Roll them in your hands until they form truffle rounds. Roll in the cocoa. Refrigerate for another 10 minutes to set up., ingredients: [1 12 cups dark or semisweet chocolate chips, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 ripe avocados, mashed, 1 cup cocoa powder or hot chocolate mix], title: Avocado Truffles, picturelink: S55YtBPFQ7mfW9iRQLkDizlAAooX.2}, 44716: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace chicken in a roasting pan or on a sheet pan. Sprinkle chicken with seasoning salt. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until almost cooked through. Remove from oven and refrigerate until ready to finish, or transfer immediately to a very hot grill. Baste generously with BBQ sauce and continue cooking until the sauce begins to caramelize and until an instantread thermometer registers 180 degrees F when inserted deep into the thigh, away from the bone, and registers 160 degrees F when inserted in the breast, away from the bone. Remove from heat and serve., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces, Seasoning salt, 2 cups BBQ sauce], title: Ranch Hands BBQ Chicken, picturelink: 65GrtwBM0hOIU9VPiFoG1jkT.MLBrH6}, 44717: {instructions: To make babas: Put the currants, cherries and apricots in a bowl with hot water and rum. Let them macerate while you prepare the dough.nIn a large bowl, or in the work bowl of a heavyduty electric mixer, sprinkle the yeast over the warm water, stirring to dissolve. Let stand for about 5 minutes. Add the flour, sugar, salt and eggs to the bowl. If using a machine, fit the bowl with the paddle attachment, and beat on a low speed. Otherwise, use a wooden spoon and beat for a minute, then turn it out onto a clean surface, and use a scrapper to gather the dough up, then slap it down, scraping and slapping to beat the soft and sticky dough. Beat the dough for about 5 minutes, stopping to scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl if you are using a machine. Take another 5 minutes to gradually beat in the soft butter, 1 piece at a time, making sure each piece is absorbed before adding the next. The dough will be very soft, but smooth and elastic.nPlace in an oiled bowl at least twice the volume of the dough. Cover and let it rise at room temperate until it doubles in size. This will take about 45 minutes to 1 hour.nBrush small bucketshaped baba molds of standardsize muffin tins generously with melted butter or spray with cooking spray. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nDeflate the dough with your fist. Drain the macerated dried fruit, reserving the liquid to add to the rum soaking syrup. Work the fruit into the dough until it is uniformly distributed. Divide the dough into 8 equal portions. Place 1 portion in each of the prepared molds or tins. Cover and let rise at room temperature until almost doubled in size. This will take about 30 to 35 minutes.nBake until the babas are light golden brown, approximately 30 to 35 minutes. Unmold and let cool. Babas can be kept frozen for up to 2 weeks. Thaw before soaking in syrup.nTo make the soaking syrup: Heat the water and sugar in a small saucepan until the sugar dissolves. Add the orange and lemon juices, rum and reserve macerating liquid. Keep warm.nTo make the meringued ice cream: Line a baking sheet with parchment or waxed paper, or oil it lightly. Put the baking sheet in the freezer for a few minutes so that it is very cold. Scoop 8 portions of vanilla bean ice cream onto the prepared baking sheet, keeping the scoops at least 3 inches apart. Freeze until the ice cream is very firm.nWhisk the egg whites, sugar, water and cream of tartar in a bowl. Place over a pan of gently boiling water the bowl should not touch the water. Cook, whisking constantly for 3 to 5 minutes, until the mixture reaches 160 degrees on an instantread thermometer. Remove from the heat. With an electric mixer, whip until the meringue is cool and forms stiff peaks.nPut the meringue into a pastry bag fitted with a medium star tip and pipe the meringue decoratively over the frozen ice cream scoops, covering them completely. Or, cover the frozen ice cream scoops with the meringue, lifting the meringue with the back of a spoon to create decorative swirls. Immediately return to the freezer. Make sure the ice cream is as firm as possible before browning the meringue.nBrown the meringue with a propane torch by moving the flame back and forth about 4 inches away until the meringue is golden brown all over. You can also preheat a broiler and, watching carefully, broil until the meringue is golden brown, about 30 to 40 seconds. Immediately return to the freezer.nTo assemble and serve: Cut the rounded dome off the top of each baba. Discard the dome portion. Immerse the babas, a few at a time, in the rum soaking syrup for about 1 minute, turning them so they can absorb the syrup like a sponge. Strain the leftover soaking syrup. Set it aside.nPlace each baba, cut side up, on a plate. Place a meringued ice cream scoop on top of each and spoon some of the soaking syrup around. Garnish with sliced fresh fruit or berries and dried cherries, if desired.nleftover liquid from the dried fruit marinade above ., ingredients: [3 tablespoons chopped currants, dried or dark raisins, 3 tablespoons chopped dried cherries or cranberries, 3 tablespoons chopped dried apricots, 3 tablespoons hot water, 3 tablespoons dark rum, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 3 tablespoons warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 1 23 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, cut into 6 pieces, 34 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup dark rum, 2 12 cups vanilla bean ice cream, 4 egg whites about 12 cup, 34 cup sugar, 4 teaspoons water, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Sliced fresh fruit or berries and dried cherries, for garnish], title: Baked Alaska Ali Babas, picturelink: null}, 44718: {instructions: Clean the fiddleheads by snipping off the tough 18inch at the bottom and any stray coarse tips visible. Wash the ferns in cold water. Bring 2 quarts water to a boil and add a teaspoon salt. Add the fiddleheads to the boiling water, return to the boil and cook for 2 to 3 minutes or just until tender. Drain the boiling water and refresh the ferns in ice water. Drain and pat dry the ferns.nIn a large saute pan, heat the butter over medium heat. As the butter begins to bubble, add the dry, blanched fiddleheads and saute for 2 minutes. Add the lemon juice, season with salt and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fiddlehead fern, tightly closed, not slimy, brown or open leaves, 2 quarts boiling water, 1 teaspoon salt, Ice water, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Fiddlehead Ferns, picturelink: null}, 44719: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine chopped cucumber, peppers, cabbage, celery and carrots. Slice tomato into quarters and remove inner flesh and put in blender. Chop up remaining tomato and add to salad. Blend the tomato and pour through strainer over a small bowl to remove seeds. Whisk in vinegar and olive oil. Season to taste. Serve salad with vinaigrette and toppings., ingredients: [1 cucumber, peeled and chopped, 1 red pepper, chopped, 1 green pepper, chopped, 1 cup chopped red cabbage, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 1 large or 2 average overripe tomatoes, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, Leftover shredded chicken, Crumbled bacon, Crumbled blue cheese, Crumbled feta cheese], title: Emilys Chopped Salad with Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 44720: {instructions: Bring the milk and 12 cup water to a boil in a saucepan. Add the sugar and chocolate to the blender pour in the hot milk and blend until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and top with cinnamon. Serve with the doughnuts.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons crushed cinnamon sticks preferably Mexican, plus more for topping, 2 teaspoons sliced almonds, 12 cup milk, 6 tablespoons sugar, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, Plain doughnut holes, for dipping], title: Doughnuts and Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: S2fo8eR4e.d7x30LW7ZmragtnpQ6v9u}, 44721: {instructions: Filling: In a heavy saucepan combine 1 cup of the chocolate and whipping cream. Stir over low heat until chocolate melts. Transfer mixture to a small bowl. Cover and chill for 45 to 60 minutes or until nearly set. Lightly grease and cocoa powder 6 34cup souffle dishes. Divide chilled chocolate filling evenly between dishes. Place dishes in baking pan, set aside.nIn a double boiler over low heat, stir butter and remaining 1 12 cups chocolate over low heat until melted. Remove from heat and let cool. Set aside.nBatter: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl beat eggs, egg yolks, granulated sugar, and Armagnac on high speed for 5 minutes or until thickened and lemoncolored. With mixer on medium speed, beat in melted butterchocolate mixture until combined. Sprinkle flour and cocoa powder over the chocolate mixture, beat on low speed until combined. Divide batter evenly among the dishes. Bake uncovered for about 15 minutes or until the cakes feel firm at the edge. Cool in dishes for 2 to 3 minutes. Using a knife, loosen cakes from side of dishes. Invert onto dessert plates. Sift cocoa powder onto plates, dust cakes with powdered sugar and serve with Spun Sugar Halos.nCombine sugar and water in a saucepan over medium heat until sugar is dissolved and mixture caramelizes, about 15 minutes. Drop syrupy mixture onto waxed paper in a circular halo and cool before peeling off waxed paper backing. Place halos on top of cakes as garnish., ingredients: [2 12 cups finely chopped chocolate recommended: Valhrona brand, 2 tablespoons whipping cream, 1 cup butter, 4 eggs, 4 egg yolks, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons Armagnac, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for sifting, Powdered sugar, Spun Sugar Halo, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water], title: Heavenly Chocolate Delight, picturelink: null}, 44722: {instructions: Make batter: In a blender blend batter ingredients until smooth and transfer to a bowl. Let batter stand, covered, 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPut 2 minimuffin pans on 1 baking sheet and put remaining pan on another baking sheet. Spoon 1 teaspoon oil into each cup. Put first baking sheet in middle of oven 3 minutes to heat oil in cups. Working quickly, pour 2 teaspoons batter into hot oil in each cup and bake in middle of oven 18 minutes, or until pudding shells are golden and puffed. Remove shells from cups with tongs and cool on racks. Repeat procedure with other baking sheet. Shells may be made 3 days ahead and chilled, covered, or 1 month ahead and frozen in airtight containers. Bring shells to room temperature and recrisp in a 300 degree oven 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Garnish: 36 small fresh flatleafed parsley leaves], title: Individual Yorkshire Puddings, picturelink: null}, 44723: {instructions: Special equipment: A 10inch springform pannFor the crust: Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPut the graham crackers in a food processor and pulse until fine crumbs, about 2 12 cups.nBrush a 10inch spring form pan with some of the butter. Add the graham cracker crumbs the remaining butter, 14 cup of the sugar and a pinch of salt to a medium bowl and stir to combine. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom and 1 inch up the side of the pan. Use the back of a measuring cup or drinking glass to pack the crust firmly and evenly in to the edges of the pan. Bake until the crust is lightly crisp and set, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool completely, then set the pan on top of a large sheet of aluminum foil and wrap the foil around the bottom of the pan and up the sides. Place the springform in a roasting pan.nFor the filling: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Whip the cream cheese in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until smooth. Add the remaining sugar and beat until just light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl and the paddle attachment as needed, about 2 minutes. Add the sweet potato puree, sour cream, eggs, vanilla, ground cinnamon and salt and beat until just combined. Scrape the filling into the cooled crust.nCarefully pour boiling water into the roasting pan so that it goes halfway up the sides of the springform pan, being careful not to get any of the water in the springform pan. Bake until the edges of the cheesecake are set but the center still jiggles when the pan is tapped, about 2 hours. Turn off the oven and open the oven door for 1 minute to let out some heat. Close the oven door and leave the cheesecake in the oven for 1 hour more. Carefully remove the cheesecake from the roasting pan, remove the foil and cool on a wire rack. Run a thin knife or spatula around the edges of the cake to release it from the sides, this also helps reduce cracks in the top of the cake as it chills. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and refrigerate the cheesecake 8 hours or overnight.nFor the smore topping: Once the cheesecake has chilled completely, put the semisweet chocolate chips in a medium bowl. Heat the heavy cream in a small saucepan over medium heat until it just comes to a simmer, about 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate chips and let stand for 1 minute, then stir the cream and chocolate together until completely smooth. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the broiler to high. Pile the miniature marshmallows on top of the cheesecake in as even of a layer as possible its okay if some marshmallows overlap. Place the cheesecake on a baking sheet, then broil until the tops of the marshmallows are lightly golden brown, about 1 minute. Keep the oven door slightly open and rotate the pan as needed to get even browning.nRun a thin knife or spatula between the cake and the pan to release it from the sides. Unlock the pan and remove the ring. Spray both sides of a sharp knife with nonstick cooking spray and slice the cake into 10 even slices, spraying the knife between each slice to keep the gooey marshmallows from sticking to the knife. Drizzle each piece of cheesecake with the cooled chocolate sauce and serve., ingredients: [18 whole chocolate graham crackers, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup sugar, Pinch of kosher salt, Four 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 cups sugar, One 15ounce can pure sweet potato puree or 1 12 cups homemade sweet potato puree, 14 cup sour cream, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 cups miniature marshmallows, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Smores Sweet Potato Cheesecake, picturelink: q1COgAodW9JsmmHP7ZmYc98S7YE0PZ6}, 44724: {instructions: Measure 14 cup of reserved mandarin juice. In a small bowl, whisk together juice and vinaigrette set aside.nIn large bowl, toss together salad mix, hearts of palm, and mandarin segments with mandarin dressing. Transfer salad to serving platter and top with remaining ingredients., ingredients: [1 4ounce can mandarin orange segments, drained, juice reserved, 14 cup olive oil vinaigrette recommended: Newmans Own, 1 5.5ounce bag mixed greens, 12 cucumber, sliced, 1 5ounce can hearts of palm, sliced, 14 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese, 14 cup chopped walnuts], title: Mixed Greens with Mandarin Oranges and Walnuts, picturelink: Cf0r2fDR1Ub7WmLmt3F1Lba5YiFelbS}, 44725: {instructions: Set cucumber slices on paper towels to drain and dry. Season lightly with salt. Spread each slice of cucumber with a little cheese. Arrange cucumbers on a serving plate. Top each snacker with a small piece of salmon. Crack a little black pepper over the snackers and serve or chill., ingredients: [18 slices, 14inch thick, English or seedless cucumber, about 12 a whole cucumber, 2 or 3 pinches salt, 6 ounces herb cheese recommended: Boursin, 14 pound smoked Norwegian salmon, Black pepper], title: Cucumber Snackers Youll never miss that cracker, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 44726: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nMix the ground meat with the hot sauce. Form eight 8ounce burgers.nSeason the burgers on the outside with salt and pepper. Transfer them to the grill and sear the burgers with the grill top down. Cook for about 3 to 4 minutes, and then rotate to make grill marks, grilling for about another 2 minutes, each time closing the grill top.nFlip the burgers and grill for about 2 minutes. Rotate for the grill marks and grill an additional 2 minutes. Remove the burgers from the grill onto a plate and rest, away from the heat, for about 5 minutes. This will produce an even, pink burger. Of course if you like it cooked more allow about 3 to 4 more minutes on the grill for each temperature beyond mediumrare that you like.nTop with Marinated Red Onions.nCut onions into thick rings, about 34inch thick. Keeping the rings intact, place them in a bowl and cover with the vinegar, red wine, and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Gently toss to coat. Marinate for at least 30 minutes, or overnight, if needed.nPreheat the grill.nPlace the rings on the grill and cook for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Cool. When cool enough to handle pull the rings apart and use as needed., ingredients: [8 pounds ground beef, or a mixture of your favorite cuts, 2 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, Marinated Red Onions, recipe follows, 3 medium red onions, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wheres the Beef Burger, picturelink: null}, 44727: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine beef, 14 can mushroom soup, bread crumbs, egg, onions, and steak seasoning. Mix thoroughly and shape into 4 oval patties.nHeat oil and 1 tablespoon butter in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown patties on both sides and transfer to a plate.nAdd remaining butter and cognac remove pan from heat when adding cognac. Saute mushrooms for 7 to 8 minutes. Add beef stock and whisk in gravy mix until smooth. Stir in remaining mushroom soup.nReturn patties to skillet and spoon gravy over top. Cover pan and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes.nServe Salisbury Steaks and Mushroom Gravy over hot cooked rice., ingredients: [1 pound lean ground beef, 1 10ounce can condensed cream of mushroom soup, divided, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup frozen chopped onions, 1 teaspoon steak seasoning recommended: Montreal, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 14 cup cognac, 1 8ounce package sliced fresh mushrooms, 2 cups lowsodium beef broth, 1 1.2ounce packet brown gravy mix, Cooked rice, for serving], title: Salisbury Steak with Mushroom Gravy, picturelink: As9.dD.QpCO0tVvCl0FF2NtVyoS}, 44728: {instructions: For the dipping sauce: Combine the sour cream, blue cheese, buttermilk, chives, dill, parsley, hot sauce, lemon juice and garlic in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Keep the sauce in the fridge until ready to serve.nFor the wings: Melt the butter in a saucepan and add the garlic. Cook the garlic for 1 minute. Add the hot sauce, soy sauce and Worcestershire and bring to a simmer. Remove the sauce from the heat and set aside.nFill a large, heavy pot just over halfway with oil. Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F. Fry the wings in batches until golden brown and cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Immediately toss the hot wings with the sauce.nServe the wings with the dipping sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 13 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 stick 4 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup hot sauce, such as Franks RedHot, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Canola oil, for frying, 2 to 3 pounds chicken wing drumettes], title: Chili Wings with Blue Cheese Ranch Dipping Sauce, picturelink: HVZdJN5n8H1OxlYdVINnxtjCkq6N6.}, 44729: {instructions: 1. Heat the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots, cumin and salt. Cook, stirring, until the shallots are tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the rice until the grains are well coated with the buttery shallot mixture.n2. Add the broth, orange zest and cinnamon stick. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cook until all the liquid has been absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand for 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork, discarding the zest and cinnamon stick. Transfer to a serving dish and sprinkle with the cashews and scallions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large shallot, chopped about 13 cup, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon Kosher salt, 2 cups jasmine rice, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, One 3inchlong piece orange zest, removed with a vegetable peeler, 12 cinnamon stick, 13 cup salted cashews, coarsely chopped, 1 scallion, thinly sliced], title: Fragrant Jasmine Rice Pilaf, picturelink: z0MGPSRzy.OxWWAg3mIYxQiCkpOiOu}, 44730: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Line a baking sheet with foil and evenly space the chicken cutlets in the center. Brush the chicken with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Broil, rotating the baking sheet as needed so the chicken cooks evenly, until lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the chicken and continue to broil until cooked through, 2 to 3 more minutes.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven and top each piece of chicken with 1 slice ham and 2 slices mozzarella. Broil until the cheese melts, 1 to 2 minutes. Season with salt and drizzle with olive oil.nMeanwhile, cut the baguette crosswise into 4 equal pieces, then split open. Spread the bottom halves with butter and the top halves with mustard. Toss the watercress with the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Sandwich the chicken and watercress between the baguette halves.nPer serving: Calories 603 Fat 31 g Saturated 15 g Cholesterol 121 mg Sodium 1,265 mg Carbohydrate 39 g Fiber 0 g Protein 41 g, ingredients: [4 chicken cutlets 14 inch thick 34 to 1 pound total, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 slices Black Forest ham, 8 slices smoked mozzarella, 1 baguette, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 tablespoons dijon mustard, 1 bunch watercress or arugula, tough stems removed], title: Chicken Cordon Bleu Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 44731: {instructions: Whisk the buttermilk, light mayonnaise, Italian seasoning, dry mustard, garlic powder, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Set aside.nCombine the lettuce, turkey, bacon, celery, and onions in a large bowl. Toss with the dressing, and season to taste. Cut each toast slice into 4 even triangles. Divide the salad among 4 plates, serve with the tomato wedges and toast triangles., ingredients: [14 cup light buttermilk, 2 tablespoons light mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 head romaine lettuce, coarsely chopped, 1 pound ovenroasted turkey breast from deli, cut into 34inch cubes, 6 slices turkey bacon, cooked and crumbled, 3 ribs celery, thinly sliced, 14 red onion, diced, 3 slices multigrain bread, toasted, 2 plum tomatoes, each cut into 6 wedges], title: Club Salad, picturelink: null}, 44732: {instructions: Place bottom crust in pan. Add apples, sprinkle with sugar and nutmeg. Top with butter, place top crust over and vent with a few holes poked in pastry top. Bake 375 degrees for one hour., ingredients: [3 to 4 medium apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 stick unsalted butter, cut into bits, 2 storebought pie crusts], title: Easy as Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 44733: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the short ribs on a sheet pan, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and roast for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven and add the onion, celery, carrots, fennel, and leek and cook over mediumlow heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. Pour the wine over the vegetables, bring to a boil, and cook over high heat until the liquid is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Tie the rosemary and thyme together with kitchen twine and add to the pot.nPlace the roasted ribs on top of the vegetables in the Dutch oven and add the beef stock and brown sugar. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Cover the Dutch oven and bake for 2 hours or until the meat is very tender.nCarefully remove the short ribs from the pot and set aside. Discard the herbs and skim the excess fat. Cook the vegetables and sauce over medium heat for 20 minutes, until reduced. Put the ribs back into the pot and heat through. Serve with the vegetables and sauce., ingredients: [6 beef short ribs, trimmed of fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup good olive oil, 1 12 cups chopped onion 2 onions, 4 cups largediced celery 6 large stalks, 2 carrots, peeled and largediced, 1 small fennel, fronds, stems, and core removed, largediced, 1 leek, cleaned and largediced, white part only, 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 750ml bottle burgundy or other dry red wine, Fresh rosemary sprigs, Fresh thyme sprigs, 6 cups beef stock, 1 tablespoon brown sugar], title: Scotts Short Ribs, picturelink: T2YabG79YDeKKAMD5kNpqs5mWTDAkK}, 44734: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the crusts from the bread and using a large spoon or rolling pin, gently press the slices of bread down flat until they are thin and almost doughy. Brush both sides of the bread with olive oil. Press the slices in the muffin tin, to form tartlet shells. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, using a fork to combine, mix together the cream cheese, garlic powder, dried basil, salt, and pepper until smooth and creamy. Drop about a teaspoon of the cream cheese into the bottom of each muffin tin. Bake the tartlets until golden and crusty, 12 to 13 minutes.nMeanwhile, liberally salt the tomato slices. Once the tartlet shells are golden, remove them from the oven and transfer to a cooling rack. Place a slice of mozzarella on top of the cream cheese, then layer on a tomato slice or two. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste and a drizzle of olive oil and balsamic vinegar, if using. Garnish with basil chiffonade., ingredients: [8 slices white bread, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons cream cheese, softened, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon dried basil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 Roma tomatoes, thinly sliced, 4 ounces fresh mozzarella approximately 2inch ball, thinly sliced, Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, optional, 8 fresh basil leaves, chiffonade, Special Equipment: Muffin tin], title: Caprese Tartlets, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 44735: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Beat the egg whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until frothy. Beat in the sugar increase the mixer speed to high and beat until stiff peaks form, 5 to 6 minutes.nTransfer to a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip. Pipe 8 to 10 swirls on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until dry, 1 hour to 1 hour, 15 minutes. Transfer the baking sheet to a rack and let cool completely.nPut the chocolate chips in a microwavesafe bowl microwave on 50 percent power until melted, about 1 minute, stirring halfway. Transfer the melted chocolate to a ziptop bag and snip a corner. Pipe the chocolate on the meringues to look like eyes.nPhotograph by Raymond Hom, ingredients: [3 large egg whites, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Ghastly Meringues, picturelink: kUcyYHnJZK92AOpnN3VRXWZj02bN4G}, 44736: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot with salt, boil pasta for 12 to 15 minutes until cooked. Stir often. Drain and cool. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nIn a large pot with a dash of salt, add eggs on medium high heat. Bring to a boil. Cover and remove from heat. Let eggs sit for 6 to 7 minutes. Remove eggs and shock in ice water. Once thoroughly cooled, peel eggs and roughly dice.nPlace pasta in a large bowl. Add onions, celery, eggs, relish, mayonnaise, salt and pepper, hot sauce and Worcestershire. Mix until well combined., ingredients: [2 pounds elbow noodles, 12 hard boiled eggs, peeled and diced, 12 onion, finely diced, 4 celery stalks, finely diced, 14 cup pickle relish, 3 cups heavy mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons salt, or to taste, 1 teaspoon coarsely cracked black pepper, Dash hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Mega Egga Macaroni Salad, picturelink: 7juAJgUcC5UwPVmmaXdJiKmH0kfEcy}, 44737: {instructions: Gold leaf, for garnishnPour vodka and pomegranate juice into a cocktail shaker with ice. Strain into a martini glass rimmed with gold sugar and top with a splash of chilled Champagne. Float gold leaf and serve., ingredients: [2 ounces vodka, 2 ounces pomegranate liqueur recommended: PAMA, Champagne, Gold sugar, for garnish], title: Startini, picturelink: CaoT0lOmiFe7500783x1aPtSu2OQ.te}, 44738: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Combine the olives with the remaining ingredients in a large mixing bowl, tossing the mixture together with your hands. Transfer the olive mixture to a baking dish, cover with foil and bake for 2 hours.nDrain the oil out keep it to use as a bread dip and serve the roasted olives warm or at room temperature with assorted cheeses., ingredients: [1 lb. large green olives, with pits, 1 orange, unpeeled, sliced into 18inch circles, 12cup whole almonds, with skin, 1 fennel bulb, quartered, 2 bay leaves, 1 handful fresh thyme sprigs, 1 red chile pepper, halved lengthwise, 14cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: SlowRoasted Olives with Fennel and Orange, picturelink: null}, 44739: {instructions: Put the peas into a saucepan and cover with water. Place over high heat and bring to a boil. Cook 1 minute, remove from heat and drain. Put the peas into a blender, add the tarragon, salt, pepper and cream and blend until smooth, about 20 seconds. Serve immediately., ingredients: [24 ounces frozen peas, 1 12 tablespoons dried tarragon, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon white pepper, 34 cup heavy cream], title: Tarragon and Sweet Pea Puree, picturelink: null}, 44740: {instructions: In medium bowl mix lime juice, fish sauce, garlic, chiles, ginger, sesame oil and sugar. Pour half of the sauce over the fish and let sit for 1 hour refrigerated. Discard the marinade used for the fish. Grill fish over high heat, about 5 to 7 minutes, or until cooked through, and serve with the remaining half of the sauce., ingredients: [2 cups fresh lime juice, 12 cup Thai fish sauce, 14 cup minced garlic, 12 cup Thai bird chiles, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, 14 cup sesame oil, 14 cup sugar, 6 5ounce sea bass fillets], title: Grilled Sea Bass with Thai Chili Sauce, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 44741: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the cider in a large pot over medium heat until it starts to simmer. Add 3 strips of orange zest, the orange juice, brown sugar, and pumpkin pie spice and stir. Bring to a simmer then turn the heat down to low to keep it hot, but not simmering. Heat for 5 minutes to allow all of the flavors to meld together before serving.nServe hot in heatproof mugs with a shot of spiced rum, if desired., ingredients: [1 gallon apple cider, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 24 ounces spiced rum, if desired], title: Toasted Cider, picturelink: dVGiacTMdXjRBCntVtIws8sN0Pfk0Jq}, 44742: {instructions: Crumble 12 piece naan into coarse crumbs transfer to a 6quart slow cooker. Add the red onion, potatoes, chile and cilantro stems. Arrange the chicken thighs in a single layer over the vegetables and sprinkle with the garam masala, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Dot with the butter and add the cinnamon stick. Pour the tomato sauce over the top. Cover and cook on low, 7 hours.nUncover and switch to the warm setting or turn off. Gently stir in the heavy cream, breaking the chicken into large chunks let stand 10 minutes. Stir in the cilantro leaves and season with salt. Serve with the remaining naan.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [3 pieces naan bread, 1 red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 pound baby redskinned potatoes, halved or quartered if large, 1 Fresno chile or red jalapeno pepper, halved lengthwise, seeded and sliced, 1 small bunch cilantro, leaves and tender stems separated, chopped, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs about 6, 1 tablespoon garam masala, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 12 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt], title: SlowCooker Indian Butter Chicken, picturelink: kyWYO8WbGUzeoDgjvZT1Cbzqb94KKc2}, 44743: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 425 degrees F 220 degrees C.nIn a large mixing bowl sift in the flour and bread soda, add the salt, sugar, and sultanas. Mix well by lifting the flour and fruit up in to your hands and then letting them fall back into the bowl through your fingers. This adds more air and therefore hopefully more lightness to your finished bread. Now make a well in the center of the flour. Break the egg into the bottom of your measuring jug, and add the buttermilk to the14 fluid ounce 425 milliliter line your egg is part of your liquid measurement. Pour most of this milk and egg into the flour. Using 1 hand with the fingers open and stiff, mix in a full circle drawing in the flour from the sides of the bowl, adding more milk if necessary. The dough should be softish, not too wet and sticky. The trick with spotted dick like all soda breads is not to over mix the dough. Mix it as quickly and as gently as possible thus keeping it light and airy. When the dough all comes together, turn it out onto a wellfloured work surface. Wash and dry your hands.nWith floured fingers roll lightly for a few seconds just enough to tidy it up. Pat the dough into a round, pressing to about 2inch 6 centimeter in height. Place the dough on a baking tray dusted lightly with flour. With a sharp knife cut a deep cross on it, let the cuts go over the sides of the bread. Prick with knife at the 4 triangles as according to Irish Folklore this is to let the fairies outnPut in the preheated oven for 10 minutes, then turn down the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C for 35 minutes or until cooked. If you are in doubt about the bread being cooked, tap the bottom: if it is cooked it will sound hollow. Serve freshly baked, cut into thick slices and smeared with butter and jam. Spotted Dick is also really good eaten with cheese.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nNote: an Irish tablespoon is the same quantity as an American tablespoon plus a teaspoon., ingredients: [1 pound 450 grams plain white flour, preferably unbleached, 1 level teaspoon12 American teaspoon salt, 1 level teaspoon12 American teaspoon bread soda baking soda, finely sifted see note, 1 dessertspoon sugar, 3 to 4 ounces 85 to 110 grams sultanas, 1 free range egg egg is part of liquid measurement, About 14 fluid ounces 425 milliliters buttermilk], title: Spotted Dick, picturelink: null}, 44744: {instructions: For the black cod: Combine the miso paste, dashi and kombu with 1 gallon of water in a stockpot and bring to a simmer. Cook, 5 minutes, then remove the kombu. Transfer some of the broth to a shallow pan and add the cod. Cook, keeping the heat at a very low simmer, covered, until cooked through, about 7 minutes.nFor the vegetables: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Fill a large bowl with ice water and set aside. Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil, then add the bok choy and cook, 30 seconds. Transfer the bok choy to the ice bath. Set aside.nSlice the crimini and shiitake mushrooms. Remove the stems from the beech and honshimeji mushrooms. Drizzle some oil over the mushrooms and sprinkle them with salt and pepper. Roast until charred on the edges, about 20 minutes.nFor the cilantro oil: Meanwhile, blend the cilantro with the oil in a blender on high for 3 minutes. Set aside.nFor the pickled onions: Bring the sugar, vinegar, 1 cup water and 1 cup salt to a boil in a small saucepan. Place the onions in a medium bowl and pour the liquid over. Let steep 10 minutes.nFor serving: Arrange 2 to 3 bok choy leaves on each of 4 plates. Top each with a piece of cod and add some broth. Add some mushrooms and drizzle with cilantro oil. Garnish with salmon roe, togarashi, scallions and pickled onions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons white miso paste, Half 2.11ounce packet instant dashi, 2 sheets kombu, 1 12 pounds black cod fillets, boned, 1 pound baby bok choy, 8 ounces crimini mushrooms, 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, 8 ounces beech mushrooms, 8 ounces honshimeji mushrooms, Oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bunches fresh cilantro, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup vinegar, Salt, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, Salmon roe, for garnish, Togarashi powder, for garnish, Scallions, thinly sliced, for garnish], title: MisoPoached Black Cod with Baby Bok Choy, picturelink: eiyime2Rr0t9rbjcTDBhiApA.QOZBKO}, 44745: {instructions: To make the Crust: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the ingredients and press into a buttered 9inch pie pan. Spread the mixture evenly on bottom and sides of the pan and bake for 5 minutes. Remove the crust from the oven set aside and raise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nTo make the Filling: Heat the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and mushrooms and cook, stirring, until lightly browned. Add the broccoli, chicken, salt, and pepper and stir to combine. Adjust the seasoning, as desired.nIn a bowl, whisk together the eggs and milk. Add the vegetable mixture and cheese and mix well. Pour the mixture into the crust and bake for 15 minutes.nReduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F and bake until just set around the edges but slightly loose in the center, about 30 to 40 minutes. Let the filling set and cool before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups cooked rice, 12 cups cottage cheese, 1 egg white reserve yolk for filling, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, Butter, for greasing, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup chopped onion, 3 sliced mushrooms, 1 cup cooked broccoli florets, 1 cup cooked chicken preferably dark meat, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 3 eggs plus the reserved yolk, 12 cup milk, 1 cup grated Cheddar], title: Chicken Broccoli Quiche, picturelink: null}, 44746: {instructions: For the bangers: Heat grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in a saute pan with a lid. Sear sausage on all sides. Add beer and onion to pan, turn heat down to low and braise until sausage is cooked through, about 50 minutes.nFor the mash: Boil potatoes and onion until potatoes are tender and strain. Return to pot and stir in cheese, butter, and heavy cream. Mash by hand, then whip with an electric beater and keep warm.nFor the tobacco onions: Heat deepfryer to 375 degrees F or as directed by manufacturer for similar foods.nRemove sausage to a utility platter and let rest. Strain braising liquid through a chinois and return to pan. Let reduce by twothirds.nMake the tobacco onions, by combining flour, cornstarch, garlic powder, paprika, salt and pepper. Dust onions with mixture and deepfry until crispy. Drain on paper towels.nSlice sausage on the bias. Spoon some mashed potatoes in the center of serving plate. Top with sausage and tobacco onions. Serve with some braising liquid., ingredients: [1 teaspoon grapeseed oil, 2 pounds English or Irish sausage, 24 ounces Guinness beer, 1 medium onion, diced, 6 large potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 large white onion, diced, 1 cup shredded white Cheddar, 4 tablespoons butter, cut into cubes, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 to 4 liters canola oil, as needed for deepfrying, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 white onion sliced thin], title: Cheddar Onion Bangers and Mash with Guinness Essence, picturelink: null}, 44747: {instructions: For Shrimp: Arrange Shrimp on serving platter, cover and refrigerate until serving.nFor Spicy Lemon Pepper Dipping Sauce: In medium bowl, combine all ingredients. Whisk thoroughly. Pour into small serving bowl.nServe chilled shrimp with dipping sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 12 pounds precooked shelled extralarge shrimp, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, preferably Sriracha, 2 teaspoon lemon pepper seasoning, salt free, 1 teaspoon lemon juice], title: Shrimp Cocktail with Lemon Dipping Sauce, picturelink: YGjYZsLUqV5R07jAQlQwWkYm3GugbL6}, 44748: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat 2 large baking sheets with cooking spray.nIn a small bowl, combine salt, chili powder and black pepper.nPat chicken dry. Brush chicken all over with chili oil. Sprinkle salt mixture all over chicken and transfer chicken to prepared baking sheet. Roast 25 minutes, until cooked through.nArrange sweet potatoes and eggplant on a separate baking sheet. Spray with cooking spray and season with salt and black pepper. Roast 25 to 30 minutes, until tender.nIn a small bowl, combine sour cream and blue cheese. Serve dip with 4 of the chicken breast halves reserve 2 chicken breast halves for another meal and sweet potatoes on the side. Serve with celery, if desired. Reserve eggplant for another meal., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 2 tablespoons hot chili oil, 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into wedges, 1 large eggplant, cut crosswise into 12inch thick rounds, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 4 stalks celery, cut into 4inch pieces, optional], title: Chicken With Buffalo Sauce And Blue Cheese Dip With Roasted Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: TLCgVzUML.JNQN.GgVCL5AyhUxuK}, 44749: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, carrot and celery and cook until soft. Add the lobster shells and cook for five minutes. Raise the heat to high, add the wine and cook until reduced by half. Add the water, garlic, tomatoes, bay leaf and parsley and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 40 minutes. Strain into a clean medium saucepan. Bring the broth to a boil and reduce to 2 cups, whisk in the creme fraiche and chipotle puree. Add the chives and season with salt and pepper to taste.nFor the Sauteed Shrimp: Heat oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper to taste. Saute the shrimp for 1 to 2 minutes on each side until just cooked through.nFor the Crawfish: Place water in a medium stockpot with plenty of salt and bring to a boil. Add the bay, thyme, garlic and peppercorns and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and let simmer for 10 minutes. Add the crawfish and let cook 5 minutes, turn off the heat and let the crawfish cool in the liquid, drain. Remove meat and coarsely chop.nTo assemble: Divide pasta among 8 bowls. Ladle over the broth. Place 2 shrimp in each bowl and divide the crawfish meat and crabmeat among the bowls. Sprinkle with fresh chives., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 small carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, Chopped shells of 2 roasted lobsters, 1 cup white wine, 6 cups water, 3 cloves garlic, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 6 sprigs parsley, 3 tablespoons creme fraiche, 2 teaspoons chipotle puree, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Fresh chives, 16 medium shrimp, shelled and deveined, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 quarts water, Salt, 1 bay leaf, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic, 6 black peppercorns, 6 dashes hot pepper sauce, 2 pounds crawfish, 2 pounds fresh fettuccine, cooked al dente, Lobster broth, Sauteed Shrimp, Crawfish meat, 1 pound cooked lump crabmeat, Fresh chives], title: Fettuccine in Lobster Broth with Shrimp, Crawfish and Crabmeat, picturelink: null}, 44750: {instructions: Place mint leaves in bottom of glassnAdd crushed ice, Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum, sugar, and lime juice, and muddlenAdd soda water and garnish with mint leaves, ingredients: [1.25 oz. Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum, 12 leaves mint, 1 tsp. sugar, .5 oz. lime juice, 2 oz. soda], title: Mojito, picturelink: null}, 44751: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the corn oil over low heat and add the Anaheim chiles, poblanos, jalapenos and onions and cook until softened but not browned, about 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, over an open flame, roast the tomatillos, turning occasionally, until they are charred. Set aside to cool, then puree in a blender until smooth.nAdd the pureed tomatillos to the pan with the chiles. Add 12 cups water and bring to a simmer. Cook until the sauce thickens, 30 to 40 minutes.nIn a small bowl, whisk the cornstarch together with 1 12 cups water to make a slurry. Whisk the slurry into the sauce and cook until thick, 10 minutes more. Add the hot sauce. Taste and adjust for salt and pepper. Take off the heat and chill.nServe with refried beans, corn tortillas, eggs any style with ColbyJack cheese melted over the top or braised pork and white rice., ingredients: [12 cup corn oil, 10 Anaheim chile peppers, diced, 10 poblano chile peppers, diced, 6 jalapenos, diced, 3 yellow onions, diced, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup freshly ground black pepper, 10 tomatillos, husks removed, 1 12 cups cornstarch, 6 tablespoons green hot sauce, such as Tabasco], title: Chile Verde, picturelink: null}, 44752: {instructions: Combine the popcorn and cocoa nibs in a very large mixing bowl. Make sure to remove any unpopped kernels.nCombine the corn syrup, sugar, molasses, water, salt, and vanilla in a 3 12quart saucepan and put it over medium heat. Cover and bring to boil, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the lid and clip on a candy thermometer. Continue to cook until the mixture reaches 250 degrees F. Take the pan off the heat, remove the candy thermometer and immediately pour the mixture over the popcorn. Stir to coat the popcorn evenly. Cool until the mixture can be handled safely, about 2 to 3 minutes.nUsing a large ice cream disher, scoop the popcorn mixture into 3inch rounds onto a parchment lined half sheet pan, smoothing with buttered hands as needed. Cool completely. Wrap individually in plastic wrap or put them in an airtight container. Store for up to 2 days.nPut the oil, popcorn and salt in a large, 6quart, metal mixing bowl. Cover with heavyduty aluminum foil and poke 10 slits in the top with a knife. Put the bowl over medium heat and shake constantly using tongs to hold the bowl. Continue shaking until the popcorn finishes popping, approximately 3 minutes. Remove the bowl from the heat and carefully remove the foil. Stir in any salt that is on the side of the bowl. Melt the butter in the microwave. Slowly drizzle over the popcorn, while spinning the bowl. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 recipe Perfect Popcorn, butter omitted, recipe follows, 14 cup cocoa nibs, 7 12 ounces light corn syrup, approximately 23 cup, 7 ounces granulated sugar, approximately 1 cup, 4 14 ounces molasses, approximately 13 cup, 13 cup water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Unsalted butter, for shaping, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 ounces popcorn kernels, 12 teaspoon popcorn salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Popcorn Balls, picturelink: null}, 44753: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Serve with warm ham and biscuits., ingredients: [1 spiral sliced ham, reheated to package directions, 1 15ounce can crushed pineapple, 1 10ounce jar apricot all fruit preserves, 3 tablespoons dry mustard, 12 cup prepared horseradish, from dairy aisle, 1 teaspoon black pepper], title: Spiral Sliced Ham and Jezebel Sauce, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 44754: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cornstarch, and baking powder. Stir in 2 12 cups ice water, being careful not to over mix. Dont worry if batter is lumpy it should be the consistency of heavy cream. If its too thick, add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time.nHeat oven to 175 degrees F. Heat oil in a 3quart saucepan to 375 degrees F.nHold 1 herb or flower by the stem and dip it into batter. Lift it out and hold it for a moment over bowl to let excess drip off, then drop it in oil. Fry only as many herbs at a time as comfortably fit in the pan without touching. Adjust heat as needed to keep temperature at 375 degrees F during entire process. Fry herbs until lightly browned on bottom, 30 to 60 seconds, then flip them with a wire skimmer and brown the other side. Drain on paper towels. Keep warm in oven. Repeat with remaining herbs and batter.nWhen all the herbs are fried, sprinkle with salt. Transfer to a serving platter lined with paper or leaves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 4 cups peanut, canola, or olive oil, for deepfrying, 36 pieces of a variety of herbs and edible flowers such as: parsley, nasturtium blossoms, basil, and shiso, Sea or coarse salt], title: Herb Tempura, picturelink: null}, 44755: {instructions: In a mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter. Add the powdered sugar and mix in. Add the vanilla extract and mix in. Add the dry ingredients and mix until blended.nRoll into 1 12inch logs and roll in cornmeal to coat. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill at least one hour or overnight.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nSlice shortbread dough thinly and bake on a silpat or parchment paper for 12 to 15 minutes. The shortbread will still be blonde, and they will crisp once cool., ingredients: [1 cup butter, 6 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups flour, 6 tablespoons cornmeal, plus more for coating, 34 teaspoon salt], title: Cornmeal Shortbread, picturelink: null}, 44756: {instructions: Heat oil in sauce pan and sweat onions and peppers for 1 minute. Add garlic and crawfish tails and heat through. Add Worcestershire sauce, crystal hot sauce, salt and L.A. spice. Remove from heat and let cool. Beat eggs in stainless bowl and add crawfish mixture. Fold in Parmesan and 1 cup bread crumbs. Combine all ingredients and form into 5ounce patties. Dust cakes with additional bread crumbs. Heat crawfish cake through in broiler. Place corn puddding in center of plate. Place heated crawfish cake on top. Zigzag cilantro cream over entire plate. Top cake with parsley sprig., ingredients: [1 tablespoon pommace oil, 10 tablespoons yellow onion, 18inch diced, 3 tablespoons green bell peppers, 18inch diced, 3 tablespoons red bell peppers, 18inch diced, 3 teaspoons garlic, minced, 1 12 pounds crawfish tails, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon crystal hot sauce, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 teaspoon LA spice, or Paul Prudhomme Cajun spice, 6 eggs, 12 cup Parmesan, ground, 1 cup plus 5 tablespoons bread crumbs, Parsley sprig, for garnish], title: Louisiana Crawfish Cakes, picturelink: null}, 44757: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the EVOO in a large Dutch oven or soup pot, over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and crisp. Add the beef and brown well. Add the Worcestershire, chile powder, cocoa powder, paprika, oregano, allspice, cinnamon, garlic, jalapenos, onions and cloves. Cook until the onions are tender, about 10 minutes. Add the tomato paste, stir a minute, and then add the stock, tomatoes, beans and tomato sauce. Bring to a bubble, and then reduce heat and simmer, partially covered, for 45 minutes. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat, stirring frequently, adding water or stock to thin if the sauce gets too thick.nTo serve, while the sauce heats, bring a large pot of water to boil for the pasta. Season the boiling water with salt and add the pasta, cook to al dente. Remove 1 cup of starchy cooking water just before draining the pasta. Add the cooking water to the meat sauce, drain the pasta and return it to the hot pot. Toss the pasta with tongs, combining the starchy cooking water and about twothirds of the sauce. Transfer the pasta to a large serving platter and top with the remaining sauce. Set up the onions, Cheddar, ParmigianoReggiano, pickled jalapeno and cilantro in front of the platter., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 to 3 slices smoky bacon, finely chopped, 1 12 pounds ground beef chuck fattier or sirloin leaner, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder or chili powder blend, a couple of palmfuls, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon smoked sweet paprika, a palmful, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, lightly crushed in palm, about 12 a palmful, 1 teaspoon allspice, 13 palmful, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, eyeball the amount in your palm, 4 to 5 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 jalapeno chile peppers, seeded and finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 healthy pinch ground cloves, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups beef stock, plus extra for reheat, One 32ounce can fire roasted crushed or diced tomatoes, One 14ounce can red kidney beans, drained, One 14ounce can tomato sauce, Salt, 1 12 pounds bucatini or spaghetti, Finley chopped raw white, red or green onions, Shredded Cheddar, Grated ParmigianoReggiano, Pickled jalapeno slices, Chopped fresh cilantro or parsley], title: Cincinnati Spaghetti, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 44758: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nWipe the quails dry and season inside and out with salt and pepper.nCombine the rice, chopped apricots, ginger, grated orange rind and pine nuts and moisten with a little melted butter. Stuff the quails with the mixture and place them in a roasting pan. Brush the quails with melted butter. Roast in the oven 8 to 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to 300 degrees and roast for a further 15 minutes, basting frequently with a mixture of wine, the orange juice and 4 tablespoons melted butter.nRemove the quails to a serving dish and keep warm. Taste the liquid in the roasting pan and adjust seasonings, then add the liquid off the quails. Pour warmed cognac over the quails and ignite. Serve at once with the roasting liquid on the side., ingredients: [4 dried apricots, chopped, Pinch ground ginger, 12 teaspoon grated orange rind, 1 tablespoon pine nuts, 5 tablespoons melted butter, 6 tablespoons white wine, reduced by 13, Juice of 12 orange, Cognac, warmed, 4 quails, Salt, Black pepper, freshly ground, 4 tablespoons cooked rice], title: Stuffed Quail with White Wine, picturelink: null}, 44759: {instructions: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F220 degrees C.nSeason the meat with salt and pepper. Mix together the oil and mustard, then slather all over the rack to coat well. Mix together the breadcrumbs, cheese and herbs, then pack the mixture onto the lamb rack.nPlace the lamb on a rack, bones arching upwards, in a roasting pan just large enough to hold it and place in oven. Roast until the meat is done to your liking. 20 minutes will give you mediumrare meat. Let the meat rest out of the oven 10 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 rack of lamb, frenched about 8 cutlets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 4 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup40 g fresh breadcrumbs, 14 cup30 g grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons fresh herbs, such as parsley, thyme and rosemary, chopped], title: Herbcrusted Rack of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 44760: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray set aside.nIn a medium mixing bowl combine pizza crust, Cajun seasoning, and hot water until well moistened. Beat 20 times to form a dough.nLet sit while you make the sauce.nIn small mixing bowl, combine tomato sauce, hot sauce, and garlic set aside. Press dough into a 12inch circle on a baking sheet with floured fingers. Spread sauce onto dough evenly, leaving a 1inch border. Top with cheese, peppers, onions, and shrimp.nBake in preheated oven 12 to 17 minutes or until crust is golden brown.nSlice and serve., ingredients: [1 6.5ounce package pizza dough mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 12 cup hot water, 1 cup chunky tomato sauce, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, or more if needed, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 13 cup frozen chopped green pepper, thawed recommended: PictSweet, 13 cup frozen chopped onion, thawed recommended: OreIda, 12 pound prepeeled medium shrimp], title: New Orleans Shrimp Pizza, picturelink: q.HUsdkVAWoF6OOEBeDEFM9V6a45VBG}, 44761: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine all vegetables. In a small separate bowl, combine garlic, oil, herbs, balsamic vinegar and brown sugar. Mix marinade with vegetables, cover with plastic wrap and let sit up to 2 hours. Arrange vegetables on a baking sheet, sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast in a pre heated 500 degree F oven for 35 to 40 minutes or until cooked through., ingredients: [12 butternut squash, skin on, cut into 1 inch wedges, 4 small carrots, scrubbed and dried, 4 small parsnips, scrubbed and dried, 1 turnip, cut in half and then into 34 inch slices, 2 red onions, quartered through the root, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon thyme and rosemary, chopped, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Root Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 44762: {instructions: Block of bittersweet chocolate, for shavingPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter 2 sheet trays.nFlour your work surface. Roll out each puff pastry sheet to a 14inch square. Use a biscuit cutter to cut into 4inch rounds. Place on the prepared sheet tray and prick with a fork. Bake the pastry until golden brown and puffy, about 15 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through cooking. Remove and let cool. Once cool, slice each puffed round into 3 horizontal pieces.nMeanwhile, add the strawberries, sugar and lemon juice to a medium bowl and toss. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes so the juices develop.nWhen ready to serve, add the heavy cream to a large bowl and add the seeds of the vanilla bean. Beat, using a hand mixer, until it thickens. Add the powdered sugar and beat until soft peaks appear.nTo assemble, add a nice dollop of whipped cream to a dessert plate. Top with strawberries and a round of pastry. Repeat the layers, ending with the pastry. Sprinkle with powdered sugar, top with chocolate shavings and serve immediately., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan, Flour, for dusting, One 17 14ounce package frozen puff pastry sheets, thawed, 1 12 pounds strawberries, stems removed and sliced, 14 cup sugar, Juice of 12 a lemon, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 vanilla bean, seeded, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, plus more for garnish], title: ItalianStyle Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 44763: {instructions: Blanch peas in 2 batches in a large saucepan of boiling salted water 1 minute. Transfer to a colander and rinse under cold running water to stop cooking. Drain peas well and pat dry.nWhisk together mayonnaise, soy sauce, sugar, lemon juice, and wasabi paste until sugar is dissolved. Serve sugar snap peas with dip.nCooks note: Peas and dip may be prepared 1 day ahead and chilled, covered., ingredients: [3 pounds sugar snap peas, 1 cup mayonnaise, 4 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons wasabi paste], title: Sugar Snaps with WasabiMayonnaise Dip, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 44764: {instructions: Soak 14 sliced red onion in cold water, 10 minutes drain. Mix 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped dill, and salt and pepper. Brush 2 pitas with some of the seasoned oil, then toss 2 cups cherry tomatoes in the rest. Cook the pitas in a grill pan until marked, then tear into pieces. Grill the tomatoes until marked. Toss the pita and tomatoes with 6 cups baby spinach, 14 sliced cucumber, 14 cup kalamata olives, the onion, 2 tablespoons olive oil, the juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup chopped dill, and salt and pepper.nServes: 3nCalories: 365nTotal Fat: 23 gramsnSaturated Fat: 3 gramsnProtein: 7 gramsnTotal carbohydrates: 37 gramsnSugar: 4 gramsnFiber: 7 gramsnCholesterol: 0 milligramsnSodium: 716 milligramsnPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: SpinachPita Salad, picturelink: 2awdiPqBqbfhwp7gLHAb2PaikMMH02S}, 44765: {instructions: Make the crust: Sift the flour, baking powder and fine salt into a large bowl. Cut in the butter and lard with a pastry blender or your fingers until the mixture looks like coarse meal with peasize bits of butter. Beat the egg yolk, vinegar and 1 12 tablespoons cold water in a liquid measuring cup with a fork. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and gently stir with a fork until just moistened. Gently gather into a ball, then shape into a disk on a lightly floured surface. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Roll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edge with your fingers set aside.nMake the filling: Gently toss the pears with the lemon zest, lemon juice, ginger and flour in a bowl. Spread the marmalade on the bottom of the pie crust. Add the pear mixture, keeping the pears as flat as possible.nMake the topping: Combine the flour, sugar, cinnamon and kosher salt in a medium bowl. Using a pastry blender or your fingers, work the butter into the flour mixture until fine crumbs form. Scatter the topping over the filling and gently pat down.nBake the pie 20 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake until the topping is lightly browned and the filling is bubbling, about 40 more minutes cover with foil if the topping is browning too quickly. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nPhotograph by Devon Jarvis, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 18 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 tablespoon lard, 1 large egg yolk, 14 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 5 or 6 firm ripe pears such as Bosc, peeled and sliced about 5 cups, Grated zest of 1 lemon, plus 1 tablespoonfresh lemon juice, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade, For the topping:, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: PearGinger Pie, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 44766: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nFor the brisket: Bring the beef to room temp and pat dry. Sprinkle the brisket with salt and pepper. Heat 3 tablespoons of the oil over mediumhigh to high heat. Add the meat and brown on both sides, then remove. Add 1 tablespoon of the oil and then add the garlic, celery, carrots, chiles, onions and ginger. Season with salt and pepper, and stir 8 to 10 minutes. Add the tomato paste, and stir. Then, add the stock, tamari, mirin and vinegar. Add the brisket and cover. Braise in the oven until very tender, 2 12 to 3 hours.nRemove the brisket from the sauce. Puree the sauce to smooth in a food processor or with an immersion blender, if desired. Slice the brisket and add back to the sauce. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat, stirring gently.nFor the rice: The night you serve, heat the stock and butter to a boil. Add the rice and stir. Season with salt and cover, reduce the heat to a simmer, medium low. In a food processor, pulse the spinach and cilantro into a fine chop. After the rice has cooked 15 minutes, stir in the cilantro, spinach and the lime zest. Cover and cook until the rice is tender, about 3 minutes. Fluff with a fork. Cut the zested lime into wedges.nFill the bowls with the green rice and make a well in the center of the bowl. Fill with the beef, and top with the juice from a wedge of a lime, scallions, drizzle of sesame oil, sesame seeds and a few drops of hot sauce., ingredients: [One 5pound beef brisket, welltrimmed no more than 18 inch of fat on top, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive or vegetable oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 to 3 stalks celery, chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 2 red chiles, such as Fresno or Thai, seeded and chopped, 1 large or 2 medium onions, chopped, One 1inch piece ginger root, peeled and grated, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 3 cups beef stock, 12 cup tamari, 2 tablespoons mirin, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 34 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups basmati rice, Salt, 1 cup baby spinach, packed, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, packed, 1 lime, zested and rserved, Sliced scallions, Toasted sesame oil, Toasted sesame seeds, Sriracha or other hot sauce], title: Brisket Bowls, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 44767: {instructions: If using sesame seeds, place them in a small, dry skillet and toast, shaking the pan frequently, until lightly browned. Set aside to cool. Rinse the broccoli and separate the florets from the stalks, reserving the stalks for another use.nArrange the florets in a vegetable steamer basket or steamer insert. Bring about 1 inch of water to boil in a deep, wide pot. Lower the steamer into the pot, making sure it rests above the water. Cover and cook the broccoli until tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the cooked broccoli to a serving bowl and drizzle with the sesame oil. Add sea salt to taste, and sesame seeds and stir to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. sesame seeds, 1 large head broccoli, 1 Tbsp. Asian sesame oil, coarse sea salt, to taste], title: Lucas Sesame Broccoli Florets, picturelink: null}, 44768: {instructions: Blanch the almonds 1 12 minutes in boiling water drain. Plunge into cold water, then slip off the skins. Spread the almonds out on several thicknesses of paper toweling and pat dry. Transfer to fresh paper toweling and let dry 24 hours. Heat the oil in a 10inch iron skillet over moderate heat about 2 minutes or until an almond, dropped into the oil, sizzles gently. Add half of the almonds to the oil and saute, stirring often, 4 to 5 minutes over moderately low heat until the color of light caramel. Dump the almonds into a colander set over a heatproof bowl shake to drain off as much oil as possible, then drain on paper toweling. Return the oil to the skillet and fry and drain the remaining almonds the same way. Sprinkle with salt and cayenne and toss well store in an airtight canister. Note: the sauteeing oil can be used to dress vegetables or salads., ingredients: [1 pound unblanched almonds, 1 12 cups olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Olive Sauteed Almonds, picturelink: null}, 44769: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment. Stir the pesto, mozzarella and 14 cup Parmesan together in a medium bowl. Cut the dough into 4 equal pieces. On a floured work surface, form the pieces into balls. Roll one ball into a 10inch circle about the size of a dinner plate and place it on the prepared baking sheet. Spread with 13 of the filling, leaving a 1inch border around the edges. Add 2 more layers of rolled dough circles and filling, ending with the fourth dough circle on top.nMark the center of the dough by placing a small drinking glass about 2 inches in diameter in the middle. With a very sharp knife, make 4 cuts through the dough at 12, 3, 6 and 9 oclock to make 4 quarters, leaving it intact at the center where the glass is. Cut through each quarter to make 8 equalsized wedges, then cut through each wedge one more time to make 16 equalsized wedges that are attached in the center. Lift a pair of 2 wedges and twist them away from each other, two turns in opposing directions. After twisting, place each pair back on the baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining pairs of wedges. Cover the dough with oiled plastic wrap and let it rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 45 minutes.nBeat the egg and milk in a small bowl. Brush the egg wash all over the risen dough and sprinkle lightly with grated Parmesan and flaky sea salt if using. Bake until the bread is puffed and golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool on a wire rack 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Two 1pound balls pizza dough, 1 cup prepared pesto, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for sprinkling, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons milk or heavy cream, Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling, optional], title: Pesto and Cheese Snowflake Bread, picturelink: XAYitQrRehKPHFlbdFiDP1xREaQXq6}, 44770: {instructions: For the chocolate apple pie cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUse the butter to grease the bottom and sides of a 9inch cake pan or springform pan. Cut out a circle of parchment paper to fit the pan and place it on the bottom.nIn a large bowl, prepare the cake batter as instructed on the box. Pour 1 cup of the batter into the cake pan and spread it out. Add the apple pie on top of the cake batter, then pour the rest of the cake batter over the top and around the sides. Spread it to make sure there are no air pockets.nBake the cake until a toothpick inserted in the center and around the edges comes out clean, 50 to 55 minutes. Remove to a rack to cool slightly. When cool enough to handle, turn the cake out onto the rack, peel off the parchment paper and allow to cool completely.nFor the ganache: Pour the chocolate chips into a medium bowl. In a small pot on medium heat, add the heavy cream, rum and a pinch of salt and whisk until warm. Pour over the bowl of chips and allow to sit and soak in for 2 minutes. Whisk to melt the chocolate completely.nPlace the cake on a serving platter, pour the ganache in the center and spread gently outward over the edges. Sprinkle with the pecans and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 box chocolate cake mix, plus additional ingredients for making the cake, 1 storebought 8inch apple pie, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon dark rum, Kosher salt, 1 cup chopped pecans], title: Sunnys Easy Chocolate Apple Pie Cake, picturelink: null}, 44771: {instructions: In a large saute pan over high heat, warm the oil. Add the onions and rosemary, and cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add butter and lower heat and continue to caramelize for about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nSpread the pizza dough with the onion mixture and scatter Gorgonzola over top. Bake in a pizza oven or a preheated 400 degree oven until lightly golden and the crust is browned, about 20 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve.nPour the water onto a mediumsized mixing bowl and add the yeast, stirring with a fork until dissolved. The water should turn a light beige color. Add 1 cup of flour and the salt. Mix thoroughly with a wooden spoon. Add the second cup of flour and repeat. The dough should start coming away from the sides of the bowl, forming a soft, sticky mass. Take the last cup of flour and sprinkle over a clean, dry work surface and flour your hands well.Take the dough from the bowl and begin to work in the additional flour a little at a time. Use the heel of your hand to knead the dough and push across the work surface, clenching the dough with your fist and twisting it over. Use a dough scraper to help gather any wet dough that sticks to the surface while you are kneading. Also only add as much flour as it takes to keep the dough from sticking to your hands. When the dough no longer feels sticky, push the heel of your hand down into it and hold it there for 10 seconds. If the dough comes up clean, its ready. If it sticks you will have to knead it a bit more.nLightly oil a 2 quart bowl with vegetable oil, and roll the ball of dough around the bowl to coat it with a thin film of oil, then tightly seal the bowl with plastic wrap. Keep in a warm place, and let the dough rise for 30 to 45 minutes. When dough doubles in size, remove from bowl and punch it down with your fist to deflate, then knead it again for about a minute. Dough is now ready to stretch into a round, or press into a pizza pan.nNote: If you have a food processor with a dough hook attachment, you can make the dough much faster. Start by adding the yeast and water first and mixing well. Then add all the flour and salt and mix into a ball. Then rise the dough., ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 4 yellow onions, thinly sliced, 1tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, 14 cup softened butter, Basic Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 10 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup warm tap water 100 to 115 degrees, 1 package active dry yeast, 3 to 3 12 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Caramelized Onion, Gorgonzola, and Rosemary Pizza, picturelink: null}, 44772: {instructions: Heat grill to medium. Whisk together the mirin, sake, soy sauce, pineapple juice, 6 tablespoons sugar or honey, and ginger in a medium saucepan and cook on the grates of the grill until the sugar has melted and the mixture has thickened slightly, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the sauce cool completely.nWhisk together the rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, red pepper flakes, and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Add the cucumbers and stir to combine. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.nHeat grill to medium. Lightly season the chicken with salt and pepper. Place the chicken on the grill, skin side down, and grill until golden brown and slightly charred, about 4 to 5 minutes. Brush with some of the teriyaki sauce, turn over, and continue grilling and brushing with the sauce every few minutes until cooked through, about 25 more minutes. Transfer to a platter with the marinated cucumbers and serve., ingredients: [2 cups mirin, 1 cup sake, 1 cup soy sauce, 1 cup pineapple juice, 6 tablespoons sugar or honey, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 3 to 4inch piece fresh ginger, cut into coins, 34 cup rice vinegar, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt plus extra salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning, 2 English cucumbers, sliced 14inch thick, 4 bonein chicken breasts, 4 drumsticks, 4 chicken thighs], title: Teriyaki Chicken with Pickled Cucumbers, picturelink: bSXBYCpQpRh7O41hQJdJuTd40YZMUzm}, 44773: {instructions: Cut the corn kernels off the cobs and transfer to a medium bowl. Using the back of the knife, scrape the cobs to release the corn milk into the bowl.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomatoes and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the corn and corn milk, 1 tablespoon water, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook until the kernels are tender,3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the chives, basil and the remaining 1 tablespoon butter toss to combine., ingredients: [4 ears of corn, husked, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups assorted cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil], title: Corn with Tomatoes and Herbs, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 44774: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F and preheat a rimmed baking sheet in the oven.nCut bread into 12inch cubes. Combine 2 tablespoons of oil, 14 teaspoon of salt, thyme, and a pinch of black pepper in a large bowl. Add bread cubes and, using your hands, toss to coat. Transfer to a hot baking sheet, spread in a single layer, and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. If your oven has convection, turn it on to help brown croutons all over. Otherwise, turn them halfway through cooking for even browning. Remove and let cool on paper towels. Wipe the baking sheet clean, and then return it to the oven to get hot.nRinse salmon and set on a sheet of heavyduty foil.nCombine honey mustard, remaining 2 tablespoons of oil, dill, remaining 14 teaspoon of salt and remaining pepper in a small bowl. Spread over salmon and transfer to a hot baking sheet, using foil as handles.nRoast until fish is still filmy and slightly moist in the center, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove and let cool slightly.nWhisk together vinegar, sour cream, buttermilk, garlic, scallion, paprika, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Whisk in oil in a slow, steady stream. Add romaine, greens, and carrots and toss gently to coat.nDivide salad among plates and scatter on tomatoes. Using tongs, break up fish into bitesize chunks and arrange over each salad. Top with croutons., ingredients: [12 small loaf of Panera Breadu00ae Sourdough Bread, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pound salmon fillet, 2 tablespoons honey mustard, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, Salad and Dressing ingredients:, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons light sour cream, 2 tablespoons reducedfat buttermilk, 1 small garlic clove, minced, 1 scallion green parts only, minced, Pinch of paprika, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 12 small head romaine lettuce, coarsely chopped, 6 ounces baby field greens, 1 14 cups shredded carrots, 12 pint grape tomatoes, halved], title: MustardGlazed Salmon Salad with Light Buttermilk Dressing, picturelink: null}, 44775: {instructions: Rehydrate raisins by pouring boiling water over them and leave for 1 hour to rehydrate. Drain the raisins and add to the capers and parsley. Combine all ingredients in a large mixing bowl and toss to combine. Serve with grilled lamb., ingredients: [1 cup golden raisins, roughly chopped, 12 cup washed, salted button capers regular capers fine if button not available, roughly chopped, 12 cup roughly chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 cup finely chopped shallots, 1 lemon, juiced, plus a pinch grated rind, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: RaisinCaper Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 44776: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Unroll dough into 4 long rectangles. Place crosswise in ungreased 15x10x1inch baking pan press over bottom and 1 inch up sides to form crust.nBake at 375 degrees F. for 14 to 19 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 25 minutes or until completely cooled.nIn small bowl, combine pesto and sour cream blend well. Spread over cooled crust. Top with tomato slices, olives and bell pepper.nServe immediately or refrigerate until serving time. To serve, cut into small squares., ingredients: [2 8oz. cans Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Crescent Dinner Rolls, 12 cup purchased pesto, 14 cup sour cream, 2 Italian plum tomatoes, cut in half lengthwise, thinly sliced, 12 cup sliced ripe olives, 12 cup chopped yellow bell pepper], title: Crescent Party Pesto Squares, picturelink: null}, 44777: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 35 to 40 toothpicksnPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nStuff each date with 1 to 2 almonds. Wrap each date with half a piece of bacon and secure with a toothpick.nBake, turning the dates halfway through so the bacon is evenly cooked, 15 to 18 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [35 to 40 pitted dates, 70 to 80 salted roasted almonds, 2 pounds thin bacon, cut in half], title: BaconWrapped Dates, picturelink: 3pyVOrz1YUMy0QEWLumQTvRN99MO0QC}, 44778: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat a Dutch oven with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Season the ribs with salt and brown in the hot oil. Remove from the pan and discard the excess oil.nWhile the ribs are browning, puree the onion, fennel and garlic in the food processor to a coarse paste. After the ribs are browned and pan has been purged of excess oil, add the pureed vegetables and brown.nReturn the ribs to the pan and add the white wine, bay leaves, fennel seed, thyme and crushed red pepper flakes. Reduce the wine by half. Add the chicken stock, cover and place in the preheated oven. Cook the ribs for 2 hours or until they are very soft and almost falling off the bone. Check the ribs periodically to make sure everything is moving along nicely and to make sure the liquid hasnt reduced too much.nServe the spareribs over the Herb Spaetzle.nWhat a ribnBring a large pot of well salted water to a boil over medium heat.nIn a small bowl whisk together the eggs and milk until they are a homogeneous mixture.nIn a large bowl, add flour and make a hole in the flour. Add a pinch of salt and using a fork, gradually combine the milkegg mixture with the flour. Mix until they are just combined. Stir in 14 cup of the herbs.nPlace the batter in a colander over the boiling water. Using a rubber spatula or a spaetzle maker, push the batter through a colander into the boiling water. Boil the spaetzle for 2 to 3 minutes or until firm. Drain the spaetzle and place in a medium bowl. Add some olive oil and the remaining 14 cup of herbs. Toss to coat evenly and serve immediately.nWhat cuties, ingredients: [1 rack spareribs, cut into ribs, Kosher salt, 1 large onion, cut into large dice, 1 fennel bulb, cut into large dice, 6 garlic cloves, 2 cups dry white wine, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, toasted and ground, 1 bundle thyme, Pinch crushed red pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, Herb Spaetzle, recipe follows, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, 2 eggs, 12 cup milk, 12 cup mixed chopped herbs parsley, chives, marjoram, oregano or dill are great, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Braised Spareribs with Fennel, picturelink: KhUPCYujivUzPrlN.bxmk3sAJlTYp92}, 44779: {instructions: For the carbonara base sauce: Put the pancetta in a cold saute pan and then put it over mediumhigh heat. When the fat starts to melt, stir the pancetta once in a while so it doesnt burn in the pan. Allow the pancetta to cook in the rendered fat until crispy and brown, about 30 minutes. Remove the pancetta pieces to a plate lined with paper towels, saving the fat in the pan.nWhisk the flour into the pancetta fat to make a roux and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring so it does not burn. Whisk the milk into the the roux. Transfer to a large pot if your saute pan is not big enough to hold the sauce. Allow the sauce to gently simmer for 15 minutes, stirring regularly. Whisk in the Parmesan and season with some salt and pepper. Simmer to melt the cheese, another 2 to 3 minutes. Hold warm for serving.nTo finish the dish: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta according to the package directions.nMeanwhile, season the shrimp with some salt and pepper. Heat a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to smoke. Add the oil and then, working in batches if necessary, cook the shrimp to get a golden brown sear, 2 to 3 minutes per side. You do not want to overcrowd the pan. Add more oil between batches if necessary. Squeeze the juice of 1 of the lemons over the shrimp, add the butter to the pan and remove from the heat to let the shrimp rest.nBring the carbonara base sauce back up to a simmer. Add the pasta to the sauce and then add the peas and cooked pancetta. Adjust the consistency of the sauce with water if needed.nAdd the shrimp to the pan with the pasta, toss and then season with some salt and pepper to taste. Add a squeeze of lemon juice from the remaining lemon.nTo plate, divide the pasta and sauce among 6 bowls and arrange the pasta. Garnish with the parsley., ingredients: [2 cups smalldiced pancetta, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 quarts whole milk, 1 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt, Freshly ground white pepper, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds pappardelle, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, plus more if necessary, 30 extrajumbo 1620 shrimp, peeled and deveined, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups English peas, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 6 egg yolks, optional], title: Shrimp Carbonara, picturelink: yBL9vvYPFGj1CREsO5V9eTyu7Wk3O}, 44780: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F and preheat broiler.nMelt butter and oil together in a large stock pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and sugar and cook 10 minutes, until onions are tender and golden brown. Add thyme, bay leaves, salt, and black pepper and stir to coat. Cook 1 minute, until fragrant. Add port and simmer until liquid is absorbed. Add broth and Parmesan rind and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to low, partially cover and simmer 20 minutes.nRemove bay leaves and Parmesan rind and ladle soup into ovenproof bowls. Place bowls on a baking sheet. Place reserved bread rounds or a sourdough round into each bowl and top bread with Gruyere cheese. Broil 2 to 3 minutes, until cheese is golden and bubbly., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 large yellow or Spanish onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 large red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup port wine, 6 cups reducedsodium beef broth, 1 2inch piece Parmesan rind, Reserved bread from bread bowls or 4 slices sourdough baguette, about 1inch thick and lightly toasted, 8 slices Gruyere cheese], title: Classic Onion Soup with Gruyere, picturelink: qKZDh93iZ16sTPMxKejwPZHd.Zfbgi}, 44781: {instructions: Special equipment: a kitchen blowtorchnFor the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F line cupcake pans with 24 cupcake liners.nPut the butter in the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment and beat slowly until it is smooth and creamy. Add the granulated sugar and salt and cream at moderate speed until the mixture is light and fluffy, 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd the eggs and egg whites together a little at a time, beating after each addition until the eggs are absorbed before adding more. Mix until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl to insure even mixing, about 5 minutes.nSift together the cake flour and baking powder in a medium bowl and set aside. Mix the milk and vanilla together in a separate bowl. Add onequarter of the flour mixture to the butter and egg mixture and beat just until blended in. Add onethird of the milk mixture and beat just until blended in. Repeat with the remaining ingredients, alternating the flour with the milk, until all the ingredients are used. Scrape down the sides of the bowl occasionally for even mixing.nScoop some batter into each liner and bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, 20 to 22 minutes. Let cool completely before frosting.nFor the custard frosting: Using an electric mixer with a whip attachment, whip the cornstarch and egg yolks in a stainless steel bowl until light and fluffy. Warm the whipping cream and confectioners sugar in a saucepan over medium heat. When the cream mixture reaches about 100 degrees F, add about half of it to the egg yolks, whisking, and then transfer the mixture back to the saucepan. Continue cooking the yolk and cream mixture until it reaches a boil about 180 degrees F. Remove from the heat immediately and pour into a clean stainless steel bowl. Whip in the butter and vanilla until smooth and creamy. The mixture may be stored in an airtight container up to 5 days.nFor the brulee sugar mixture: Mix together the brown sugar and granulated sugar in a medium bowl.nTop each cupcake with 1 12 ounces of the custard frosting. Sprinkle on some of the brulee sugar mixture and torch. Repeat several times to desired thickness., ingredients: [1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 whole eggs plus 12 cup egg whites, at room temperature, 3 cups cake flour, 1 tablespoon plus 34 teaspoon baking powder, 1 34 cups milk, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 2 ounces cornstarch, 10 egg yolks, at room temperature, 6 cups heavy whipping cream, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups brown sugar, 2 cups granulated sugar], title: Creme Brulee Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 44782: {instructions: Remove the zest from 1 orange and 1 lemon in strips using a vegetable peeler thinly slice the strips. Bring the zest, the juice from the orange and lemon, 5 cups grated carrots, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup cider vinegar, 1 12 cups water and 1 12 teaspoons each crushed coriander seeds, mustard seeds and salt to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the liquid is syrupy, about 45 minutes.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Carrot Relish, picturelink: OSF9ayg900LjBbsnXCOKz3zar2fxA.}, 44783: {instructions: Special equipment: Three 12cup mini muffin tins or two 24cup mini muffin tinsnMake the sweet potato puree: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roast the sweet potatoes until very tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, peel, then puree in a food processor until smooth. Set aside 1 cup of the puree for the cupcakes and reserve the remaining puree for another use.nMake the cupcakes: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line mini muffin tins with paper liners, and coat the liners and the top of the tin with cooking spray. Halve each marshmallow on the diagonal with kitchen shears set aside.nWhisk the flour, cinnamon, ginger, baking powder, baking soda, salt and cayenne together in a large bowl. Beat the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar in another large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and creamy. Add the 1 cup of reserved sweet potato puree, and beat until incorporated its OK if the batter curdles. Beat the eggs in 1 at a time. Beat in the vanilla. Adjust the mixer speed to mediumlow, and beat in the flour mixture in 3 additions, scraping down the side of the bowl as needed, until just incorporated.nDivide the batter evenly among the cups of the prepared muffin tins. Bake until the tops spring back when pressed, 18 to 20 minutes, rotating the tins halfway through. Let the muffins cool in the tins for a few minutes, then transfer them to a rack. While the cupcakes are still warm, top each with a marshmallow half, cutside down. Let the cupcakes cool completely. They can be cooked and cooled a day ahead and stored at room temperature in an airtight container.nPreheat the broiler. Transfer half the cupcakes to an unlined baking sheet, and broil, rotating the sheet as needed, until the marshmallows are toasted and golden. Repeat with the remaining cupcakes. This can be done up to 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [2 medium sweet potatoes about 12 ounces, Cooking spray, 18 marshmallows, 1 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Sweet PotatoMarshmallow Mini Cupcakes, picturelink: r8gUDocrcEAOBtNykQFYoo6MfJHUbm}, 44784: {instructions: In a kettle of salted boiling water blanch fava beans 10 seconds and transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice water. Drain beans and gently remove outer skins. In same kettle of salted boiling water blanch broccoli rabe 1 minute and transfer with slotted spoon to a bowl of ice water. Drain broccoli rabe and cut into 2inch pieces. In same kettle of boiling water cook pasta until al dente. While pasta is cooking, in large heavy skillet cook garlic in oil over medium heat, stirring until softened. Add beans, broccoli rabe, olives, red pepper and cook, stirring for 4 minutes. Add wine and cook mixture over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally 1 minute. Drain paste and add with herbs to skillet, tossing gently with bean mixture to combine. Serve pasta with Pecorino Romano cheese., ingredients: [12 pound fresh fava beans, shelled about 1 cup, 12 pound broccoli rabe, 34 pound tagliarini or thin spaghetti, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 13 cup Nicoise olives pitted, 18 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleafed parsley, 8 fresh basil leaves, cut into julienne strips, 3 ounces grated Pecorino Romano cheese], title: Pasta with Fava Beans, Olives, and Broccoli Rabe Orso, picturelink: null}, 44785: {instructions: Special equipment: a smoker presoaked apple and oak woodchipsnFor the smoked pork: Preheat a smoker to 300 degrees F. using a 5050 mixture of presoaked apple wood and oak woodchips.nCombine the granulated sugar, brown sugar, paprika, chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, pepper, cayenne pepper and dry mustard in a bowl and mix well.nDry the pork and then rub the piece of meat with the spice rub, making sure to cover the entire piece. Place the pork butt directly on a rack in the smoker and cook until it reaches an internal temperature of 200 degrees F., 3 to 4 hours.nRemove the pork from the smoker and let it rest for 20 to 30 minutes, and then pull the meat, discarding large pieces of fat. Hold the pulled pork for later use.nFor the BBQ sauce: While the pork is smoking, heat a pot over mediumhigh heat. Melt the butter and then add the onions and garlic and saute until the onions are tender. Add the chili powder, smoked paprika, dry mustard, garlic powder, onion powder and cayenne. Stir the spices into the butter and toast for about 1 minute.nAdd the brown sugar and molasses and cook until the sugar is dissolved, 2 to 3 minutes.nWhisk in the ketchup, Dijon mustard, cider vinegar and Worcestershire sauce and bring to a simmer. Simmer the sauce for 30 minutes and then season with salt and pepper. Let cool slightly, and then puree in a blender.nFor the potatoes: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the potatoes with the grapeseed oil, salt and pepper in a large bowl and then spread them out on a baking sheet. Bake until tender and golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes.nFor the roasted portobello mushrooms: Remove the stems from the mushroom caps and scrape the gills out from the caps with a spoon. Starting at the outer edge of each mushroom cap, use a knife to peel the skin, or outer layer, off the cap.nArrange the mushrooms on a baking sheet and drizzle with the grapeseed oil. Season with the salt and pepper and roast the mushrooms stemside up until the mushrooms are tender, about 10 minutes.nFor plating: Heat a large saute pan over high heat. Heat the grapeseed oil and then add the bacon and onions and saute until cooked and tender. Season with salt and pepper and then add the pulled pork and BBQ sauce and cook until hot.nDivide the pork mixture and mound it on the 6 mushroom caps. Top each with a slice of cheese. Wipe out the saute pan and arrange the mushrooms inside. Add about 14 cup water, cover the pan, and cook to melt the cheese.nDivide the potatoes among 6 plates. Place the mushroom on top of the potatoes. Garnish with parsley and a pinch of freshly ground black pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons dark chili powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pinch of cayenne pepper, 1 pinch of dry mustard, 2 12 pounds boneless pork butt, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 14 cup diced yellow onion, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons dark chili powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 1 pinch cayenne, 13 cup brown sugar, 13 cup molasses, 2 cups ketchup, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 Russet potatoes, large dice, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 large portobello mushroom caps, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 cup chopped bacon, 1 cup diced yellow onions, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices Cheddar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Stuffed Portobello, picturelink: sgKZBTrGoKeOY.OKRFNHkr7c8g8gqAG}, 44786: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all ingredients in a blender and blend until fully combined. Refrigerate until chilled. Pour into a tall glass and serve chilled., ingredients: [1 banana, 6 natural almonds skin on, 1 cup peeled and chopped mango, 2 cups fresh, raw spinach, 1 cup cranberry juice], title: Mango Smoothie, picturelink: 2BUWc5ubAHzqAykuvrXHqS4DnStfVK}, 44787: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine an 8 by 8inch square baking pan with parchment paper. Let parchment come up over the sides of the pan to use as handles when unmolding after baking. In a mixer bowl, combine flour, butter, and brown sugar. Blend at low speed until incorporated and mixture is like sand, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in nuts. Reserve 1 cup of mixture for topping. With your fingers, press remaining mixture into pan. Bake on the middle rack of the oven until crust is set and golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool on a rack while assembling the filling.nIn a clean mixer bowl, combine cream cheese and sugar. Blend until smooth, then add the remaining filling ingredients, beating until smooth. Spread evenly over baked crust. Sprinkle the reserve crust mixture over filling. Bake until top is golden brown and filling is set, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool completely on a rack, then use parchment handles to remove from pan in 1 piece. Cut into bars, squares or festive shapes with cookie cutter of your choice. Sprinkle with red andor green sanding sugar, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup chopped toasted nuts of any kind, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup sugar, 1 egg, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon vanilla, Red and green sanding sugar, for decorating, optional], title: Merry Cheesecake Cookies, picturelink: null}, 44788: {instructions: For the panroasted chicken: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Season 2 airline chicken breasts skin on on both sides with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Pat dry the chicken with paper towels. Add the blended oil to the pan and heat. Once heated, add the chicken skinside down into the hot pan and sear until golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Flip and add a couple sprigs fresh rosemary, thyme, and unsalted butter. Allow the butter to melt and baste the chicken with the melted butter. Place the pan into the preheated oven for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through, 160 degrees F.nFor the Parm froth: To a small saucepan, add 2 cups chicken stock, 2 rinds Parmesan cheese, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, bay leaf, sliced garlic, sliced shallots, pinch salt, and taste for seasoning. Reseason if needed and allow to boil. Just prior to straining add the lemon juice. Place a wire mesh strainer over a medium bowl. Strain and press the sauce through the sieve.nPlace the egg yolks into another medium bowl and temper the egg yolks whisking in a small amount of the heated lemonchicken stock and then whisk the egg mixture back into the bowl with the remaining lemonchicken stock. Place the egglemon stock mixture back into the same saucepan off the heat. Place over low heat, but do not allow to come to a boil. The eggs could scramble. Taste and season the sauce, if needed. Add 2 tablespoons Parm cheese and whisk to combine. Just before serving, use an immersion blender to froth the sauce.nRemove the chicken from the oven and set aside to rest. Remove the extra herbs and discard, reserving the fat. Place the fat over the mediumhigh heat and add the morels and season with salt. When ready, flip the mushrooms and add the ramps. Toss to combine. Carefully pour off some of the excess fat, if necessary. Deglaze the pan with a little bit of chicken stock, about 12 cup. Reduce the heat.nFor serving: Slice the chicken on the bias or diagonal and place the slices onto a plate. Top with the ramps, morels, and drizzle with the frothed sauce. Season with sea salt.nRinse the chicken parts thoroughly. In a 10quart stockpot, combine the onion, carrot, garlic, thyme, salt, bay leaf, peppercorns, and 1 gallon cold water. Bring the liquid to a boil over high heat, skimming and discarding any foam and impurities that rise to the surface. Reduce the heat to low and simmer 5 hours, skimming the surface as necessary. Strain the stock through a finemesh strainer, discarding the solids. Makes 3 quarts, ingredients: [2 airline cut chicken breasts, skin on, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons blended oil, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 cups homemade Chicken Stock, recipe follows, or water, plus more as needed, 2 rinds ParmigianoReggiano cheese, Sprig fresh rosemary, Bay leaf, 1 tablespoon slivered garlic, 1 tablespoon slivered shallots, Kosher salt, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 1 cup morels, cleaned and halved, 4 ramps, cleaned, Sea salt, 2 pounds chicken backs and necks, 2 pounds chicken feet, or additional backs and necks, 1 onion, quartered, 1 carrot, thinly sliced, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns], title: PanRoasted Breast with Morels, Ramps and Frothed Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 44789: {instructions: For the roulade: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat the portobello mushrooms in oil, salt and black pepper and place on a sheet pan. Roast in the oven for 15 minutes or until fully cooked. Chill and thinly slice.nWorking on a cutting board, spread out a piece of the sliced flank steak. Place a thin line of spinach across the edge of the flank meat. Repeat with the sliced portobello mushrooms and sweet and sour onions. Firmly roll the ingredients up in the flank steak. Secure with a toothpick. Repeat until all the flank meat is stuffed and rolled. Coat a large saute pan with cooking oil and place over high heat. Season each flank steak roulade with salt and pepper. Sear each roulade in the pan by placing the seam side down to ensure closure. Cook until browned on all sides and cooked to desired doneness, about 6 minutes. Slice each roulade on the bias into 1inch pieces. Serve over arugula and sweet and sour red onions.nFor the onions: In a saute pan over medium heat, add the cooking oil and sliced onions. Cook for a few moments while stirring, until the onions start to turn translucent. Add the sugar and salt and continue to cook until onions begin to soften, but are still firm to the touch. Add the red wine vinegar and cook until almost all the vinegar has been reduced. Turn the onions out on to a sheet pan to cool., ingredients: [6 medium portobello mushrooms, stemmed and gilled, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 2 pounds flank steak, thinly sliced on the diagonal against the grain a.k.a carne asada, 2 cups spinach, collapsed, 1 cup sweet and sour onions, plus more for serving, recipe follows, 14 cup cooking oil, 4 cups arugula leaves, 14 cup cooking oil, 5 red onions, sliced, 4 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 34 cup red wine vinegar], title: Flank Steak Roulade over Arugula and Sweet and Sour Onions, picturelink: null}, 44790: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the frozen pie crust onto a baking sheet. Prick the bottom of the crust with a fork and bake for 10 minutes.nSaute the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp. Remove bacon and drain on a paper towel. Add onion and asparagus tips to the skillet with the bacon fat and saute until tender, approximately 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl whisk together ricotta, milk and eggs. Add parsley, half the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Add asparagus and onion mixture and combine well. Pour egg mixture into the prepared crust.nBake in the preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes or until filling has set and the tart is lightly browned on top. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.nIn a small bowl, toss the remaining tomatoes with the basil, balsamic vinegar and season with a pinch of salt and pepper. Serve as garnish for tart., ingredients: [1 9inch frozen pie crust, 2 slices bacon, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 bunch fresh asparagus tips, reserve stems for Round 2 Recipe, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup milk, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, drained well, divided, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar], title: Asparagus and Tomato Tart, picturelink: null}, 44791: {instructions: To marinate the lamb, whisk together 4 tablespoons of the olive oil, the garlic and oregano in a medium baking dish. Add the lamb and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nHeat your grill to high.nRemove the lamb from the marinade and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Place on the grill and grill until golden brown and slightly charred, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the lamb over and continue grilling to mediumrare, 2 to 3 minutes longer. Remove to a cutting board, tent with foil, and let rest for 5 minutes before slicing into 12inchthick slices.nWhile the lamb is resting, brush each pita on both sides with the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown and slightly crisp, approximately 30 seconds per side.nTo make the salad, whisk together the lemon juice, vinegar, dill, salt and pepper to taste, and the honey in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the extravirgin olive oil until emulsified. Add the spinach, cucumber, tomatoes, olives and feta to the bowl and toss to combine.nTop each pita with some of the salad and top with several slices of the lamb., ingredients: [6 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 12 pounds lamb tenderloin, trimmed of fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 pocketless pita breads, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 ounces baby spinach, 12 English cucumber, sliced, 2 plum tomatoes, sliced, 14 cup Kalamata olives, pitted and chopped, 4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled 1 cup], title: Grilled Lamb with Greek Spinach Pita Salad, picturelink: Dmr63R5VwLMzphSpYkrKzcYYcPP8m3y}, 44792: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Mix together the poppy seeds, garlic, onion and sesame seeds in a small bowl set aside.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and 34 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Add the butter and work it into the flour mixture with your fingers until the butter is broken down into very small peasize pieces. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk. Using a fork, stir the dry ingredients into the wet.nOnce the dough comes together, knead it gently a couple of times on a wellfloured surface. Roll out the dough to a little thinner than 18 inch. Cut as many 1 12by3inch rectangles as you can. You should get at least 30 pieces. Place a mini hot dog onto each rectangle and roll it up, making sure the short ends overlap seal and arrange seamside down 2inches apart on a baking sheet. Brush each doughwrapped hot dog with the egg and top with 2 generous pinches of the topping.nBake in the oven until golden brown, 17 to 20 minutes. Serve with mustard on the side, for dipping., ingredients: [3 teaspoons poppy seeds, 2 teaspoons dried minced garlic, 2 teaspoons dried minced onion, 2 teaspoons sesame seeds, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Fine salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 23 cup whole milk, 30 mini cocktail hot dogs, or about 10 regular hot dogs, cut into thirds, 1 egg, lightly beaten, Spicy brown mustard, for serving], title: Everything Pigs in a Blanket, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 44793: {instructions: In a large pot of boiling salted water blanch spinach for 1 to 2 minutes and refresh. Squeeze water out firmly but do not wring. Lightly toss spinach to separate stems and leaves, and place in a bowl.nIn a hot dry skillet, toast sesame seeds until they begin to pop. Reserve a teaspoon of toasted seeds for garnish. Transfer the rest of the seeds to a spice grinder or mortar and pestle. Grind until smooth. Pour into a bowl, if necessary, and add sugar, soy sauce and dashi. Mix well and pour over spinach. Toss to coat. Garnish with reserved seeds., ingredients: [1 pound spinach, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons dashi recipe above], title: Spinach with Sesame Dressing, picturelink: null}, 44794: {instructions: For the frittata: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large ovenproof saute pan over high heat, add the olive oil, onions, sausage, garlic and oregano, stirring frequently to break up the clumps. Add the roasted peppers and cook about 10 minutes.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, cream, feta cheese, smoked salt and pepper. Pour the mixture into the saute pan and bake until the eggs are set and golden brown and the frittata pulls away from the sides slightly, about 35 minutes. Remove the frittata from the oven and let cool about 10 minutes.nFor the sauce: In a small bowl, combine the chives, lemon zest and juice, sour cream and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nCut the frittata into pieces and serve with dollop of the sour cream sauce., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 cup chopped roasted red peppers, 8 large eggs, 14 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, Pinch of smoked salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch fresh chives, chopped, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sausage, Red Pepper and Feta Frittata, picturelink: UCTcv1O7WHsj169d3ymTJa4I9MHuQEy}, 44795: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Rinse the chicken and pat it dry.nIn a small bowl, make a compound butter by combining the softened butter, minced thyme, garlic cloves, lemon zest, salt, and pepper.nSeason the cavity of the chicken generously with salt, and pepper. Stuff the cavity with the lemon quarters, a handful of fresh thyme leaves, and the quartered onion. Place the carrot, celery and onion in the bottom of a roasting pan and place the chicken on top of the vegetables. Cross the legs and tie with kitchen twine.nGently lift the skin away from the chicken and spread 2 tablespoons of the softened butter mixture underneath the skin, distributing it evenly. Spread the remaining butter over the entire surface of the chicken and season generously with salt, and pepper.nPlace the chicken in the oven and roast for 20 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and roast the chicken until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the inner thigh, not touching the bone registers 160 to 165 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Transfer the chicken and vegetables to a cutting board to rest for about 15 minutes. Tent the chicken with aluminum foil to keep warm.nPour the pan juices into a large glass measuring cup. Spoon the fat off the top. Add the chicken broth to the roasting pan and place over high heat. Bring to boil, scraping up any browned bits. Return the pan juices to the pan. Whisk the flour into the broth mixture and bring to a boil until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Season the sauce to taste with salt, and pepper. Serve alongside the roast chicken.nRoasted Chicken Variations:nHoneyGlazed Chicken: Season the butter with 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, and 2 tablespoons honey.nSoyGinger Chicken: Season the butter with 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons fresh ginger, and 2 teaspoons soy sauce., ingredients: [1 6pound roasting chicken, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 tablespoons minced fresh thyme, plus 1 handful for stuffing, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon zest, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, quartered, 1 onion, coarsely chopped, 3 celery stalks, 3 carrots, unpeeled cut into thirds, 1 onion cut into quarters, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, Roasted Chicken Variations, recipes follow], title: Roasted Chicken with Lemon, Garlic, and Thyme, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 44796: {instructions: In a saute pan, add olive oil and garlic and saute for 1 minute, until golden brown. Add crabs, oregano, red pepper, salt, and pepper, and continue to saute for 5 minutes. Add crab stock to mixture and continue to saute for 4 minutes. Crab stock should be prepared ahead of time with mirepoix of vegetables and crab shells. Add tomatoes with juice. Stir and bring to a boil. Lower heat to a simmer. Continue to stir until sauce has been brought to a simmer. Cover and cook for 45 minutes. Add basil and remove from the heat. Add frozen peas and stir.nBoil pasta in water for 8 to 10 minutes until al dente, and strain. For a more velvety sauce, add butter to the pasta before adding the sauce. Make sure the butter has been incorporated well into the pasta before adding the sauce. Season, to taste. Before adding finished sauce to pasta, remove crabs from saucepot and keep warm.nTo serve, add pasta to soup bowl. Top with sauce and lump crabmeat and place 1 or 2 crab bodies on top., ingredients: [4 ounces olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 3 pounds Blue Crabs, cleaned and split, Pinch dried oregano, Red pepper flakes, to taste, Salt and pepper, 12 ounces crab stock or fish stock, 2 quarts canned plum tomatoes, chopped with juice, 4 ounces chopped fresh basil leaves, 5 ounces frozen peas, 1 pound tagliolini pasta, 2 tablespoons butter, optional, 6 ounces lump crabmeat], title: Tagliolini with Crab Ragu, picturelink: null}, 44797: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the bread pudding: Blend the cream, pumpkin, granulated sugar, brown sugar, pumpkin pie spice, vanilla extract, eggs and vanilla bean until mixed well. Place the French bread in a 1gallon aluminum pan. Pour the mixture over the French bread and let sit for 30 minutes. Bake for 1 hour or until firm.nFor the rum sauce: Blend the cornstarch with the water in a small saucepan. Add the cream, granulated sugar, butter and rum and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until thick. Serve the sauce with the bread pudding., ingredients: [1 quart 40percent whipping cream, 2 cups canned pumpkin, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 cups brown sugar, 4 ounces pumpkin pie spice, 2 ounces vanilla extract, 1 dozen eggs, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 1 loaf French bread, torn in pieces, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 quart 40percent whipping cream, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 stick butter, 1 cup dark rum], title: Pumpkin Bread Pudding with Rum Sauce, picturelink: SaYyNYaMbVdqfKvoQI9pqnfoPKjuPRy}, 44798: {instructions: Make the dough: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and shortening and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Drizzle in 6 tablespoons ice water and pulse until the dough starts coming together.nTurn the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap and lightly knead to bring together. Form into a disk, wrap in the plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Combine the cherries, granulated sugar, cinnamon and salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the cherries are juicy and the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring, 5 more minutes. Spoon about 2 tablespoons of the juice into a small bowl stir in the cornstarch until dissolved. Pour the cornstarch mixture into the saucepan and continue to simmer, stirring, until very thick, 6 to 8 more minutes. Transfer to a bowl, stir in the lemon juice and let cool.nDivide the dough into 8 pieces and roll each into a ball. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out each ball into a 6 12inch round, using as little flour as possible. Stack the rounds between pieces of parchment paper and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and let stand 5 minutes. Place 2 tablespoons cherry filling in the center of each round, then fold in half to enclose and crimp the edges to seal.nHeat 1 inch of vegetable oil in a deep skillet until a deepfry thermometer registers 360 degrees F. Fry the pies in 2 batches, turning once, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, Vegetable oil, for frying, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 3 cups pitted cherries, roughly chopped 1 to 1 12 pounds whole cherries, 13 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of salt, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Cherry Hand Pies, picturelink: b7NtpyanVXCzFrAGH.4H993xUCIOi}, 44799: {instructions: Peel potatoes and grate into a mediumsize bowl. Add the corn. In another bowl the onion, flour, and yolks until it forms a smooth paste. Add the milk, salt and pepper and stir to combine. Add the potatoes and corn and mix well.. Fold in the egg whites. Heat the oil in a mediumsize skillet, over a medium heat. Spoon the tortitas de papa cruda, in patties 2 inches in diameter, in the skillet. Cook them until golden brown on both sides. Serve at once., ingredients: [1 pound Idaho potatoes, 1 cup corn kernels, canned or fresh, 2 eggs, separated, whites stiffly beaten, 1 small onion, grated, 1 tablespoon flour, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 12 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Tortitas de Papa Cruda y Elote Potato and Corn, picturelink: null}, 44800: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add 1 each sliced Vidalia onion and red onion cook, stirring, until soft, about 15 minutes. Add 14 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, and salt and pepper to taste and heat through, 2 to 3 more minutes. Stir in 3 chopped scallions.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [], title: SweetandSour Onions, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 44801: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nHeat a medium heavy nonstick pan with the canola oil over medium heat. Add the onions and bell peppers and saute until well caramelized, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and stir until just mixed.nPush the onion mixture to 1 side of the pan. On the other side of the pan, place the thinly sliced smoked turkey. Stir until warm. Combine the onion mixture with the turkey. Mix in the seasoning salt and Worcestershire sauce. Add the processed cheese and stir until melted.nCut the sandwich rolls in half and dig out the insides of the rolls without puncturing the crust. Toss out excess bread. Divide the turkey mixture evenly among the rolls and top with the provolone cheese slices.nPlace under broiler until cheese is just melted. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 large yellow onion, thinly sliced, 1 large green bell pepper, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 34 pound thinly sliced smoked turkey, shredded, 1 tablespoon seasoning salt, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 ounces light processed American brick cheese, chopped into small cubes recommended: Velveeta Light, 2 6inch Italian sandwich rolls, 4 slices light provolone], title: Cheese Steak, picturelink: null}, 44802: {instructions: Special equipment: Blender and Ice cream maker, preferably electricnFor the ice cream: Add 1 at a time through the feed opening of a running blender, shredded coconut, sugar, coconut milk, coconut extract, and vanilla extract. Pour into a bowl and stir in the milk and cream. Freeze in ice cream maker until desired consistency is achieved, about 20 to 25 minutes and reserve in freezer until needed.nIn a small saucepan, heat the chocolate syrup and the sachet of fivespice over low heat for 10 to 15 minutes to infuse flavors. Remove from heat and bring to room temperature.nHeat oil in deepfryer to 375 degrees F, or as directed in the manufacturers instructions for similar foods.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine flour, cornstarch, and baking powder. Add seltzer water in a stream while whisking constantly. Dip the bananas in the batter to coat and add to the deepfryer basket which has been immersed in the oil. Fry until golden brown, drain on paper towels, and sift confectioners sugar over immediately.nIn a small bowl toss reserved shredded coconut and cocoa powder. Place banana on serving plate and drizzle chocolate sauce over. Place a nest of chocolate dusted coconut alongside and top with a scoop of ice cream and a drizzle of honey., ingredients: [13 cup shredded sweetened coconut plus 8 tablespoons for plating, 13 cup sugar, 12 cup lite coconut milk the higher percentage of fat in regular will interfere with freezing, 14 teaspoon imitation coconut extract recommended: McCormick, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup whole milk, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 6 tablespoons lavender honey, 12 cup chocolate syrup, 2 teaspoons Chinese fivespice powder, placed into a sachet, 3 to 4 liters canola oil, or as needed for deepfrying, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cornstarch, 4 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 cups seltzer water for carbonation, 4 bananas cut in 12, on the diagonal, 14 cup confectioners sugar], title: Fried Banana with Lavender Honey and Five Spice Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 44803: {instructions: For the pickled vegetables: Whisk together the vinegar, sugar, and salt. Place the cucumber, red pepper, and lemon zest in a medium mixing bowl. Pour the dressing over the vegetables. Toss gently to coat. Chill the vegetables and let stand for 1 hour before serving.nFor the puree: In a sauce pot, combine the vinegar, sugar, ginger, and lemon juice. Simmer the mixture over mediumlow heat until big bubbles start to form and it becomes a light syrup. Reduce until thickened. Remove the pot from the heat.nMeanwhile, in a large pot, combine the parsnips, potatoes, and chicken stock, and bring to a boil. Cook until both the parsnips and potatoes are fork tender. Drain the parsnips and potatoes, and mash with the heavy cream, butter, and ginger syrup until smooth. Season the parsnippotato mash with salt, to taste.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil, garlic, and shrimp. Cook the shrimp for about 3 minutes, or until cooked through. On a warmed serving platter, make a bed of parsnip puree, top with the shrimp, then top the shrimp with the pickled vegetables and some of the juice., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon sugar, Generous pinch of salt, 1 cucumber, seeds removed, and julienned, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and julienned, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon zest, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, Juice of 1 lemon, 4 parsnips, peeled and chopped, 2 potatoes, peeled and diced, 4 cups chicken stock, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 cup unsalted butter, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined], title: Shrimp with Parsnip Puree with Pickled Veggies, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 44804: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace potatoes in pot, cover with water, bring to a boil then salt the water. Cook potatoes 12 to 15 minutes until tender.nWhile potatoes cook, combine spices and mustard with vinegar, whisk in EVOO and add the onions, celery and parsley to the bowl. Drain potatoes and toss them in dressing while theyre still hot, theyll absorb more dressing and flavor. Garnish salad with chopped hot peppers., ingredients: [2 12 pounds baby Yukon gold potatoes, halved, Salt, 1 tablespoon ground fennel, 1 tablespoon smoked sweet paprika, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning or coarse salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons grainy mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small red onion, chopped, 3 to 4 ribs celery with leafy greens, finely chopped, A generous handful fresh flatleaf parsley, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped yellow hot pepper rings], title: Potato Salad Fra Diavolo, picturelink: BDdJ84gQQ3DAM21LeYi7m4sHrOvegK6}, 44805: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Combine the vinegar, honey and bay leaf in a small saucepan and boil over mediumhigh heat until syrupy, 4 to 5 minutes. Cover to keep warm.nAdd the ravioli to the boiling water and cook as the label directs. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat, then add the sage and walnuts and cook until the nuts are toasted, about 3 minutes. Increase the heat to high, ladle in about 1 cup cooking water and bring to a boil. Cook until reduced by about half, 1 to 2 minutes.nDrain the ravioli, reserving another 12 cup cooking water. Add the ravioli to the skillet and toss to coat, adding the reserved water as needed. Remove from the heat, toss with the parmesan and season with salt. Divide the ravioli among plates and drizzle with the balsamic syrup.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 bay leaf, 2 9ounce packages refrigerated cheese ravioli, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup fresh sage leaves, 1 cup walnuts, roughly chopped, 34 cup grated parmesan cheese], title: Ravioli With SageWalnut Butter, picturelink: 70MZZGIV.UJxVeueffK2IeyT0j.ArBm}, 44806: {instructions: Special equipment: a stand mixer with a paddle and dough hook attachmentnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the dough: In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, add the flour, yogurt and seasoning blend and mix until combined and tacky. Scrape off the dough from the paddle and replace the paddle with the kneading dough hook attachment. Sprinkle in a bit more flour and knead on medium until a ball forms. On a floured surface, roll out the dough to a big thin circle or divide the dough in half to make 2 pizzas.nFor the toppings: Place the pizza on a baking sheet or pizza stone. Leaving a 1inch border around the edge of the dough, top the pizza evenly with the sauce and cheese, then the selected toppings. Bake until the edges are golden brown, 8 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups selfrising flour, plus more for rolling, 2 cups plain Greek yogurt, 1 heaping tablespoon garlic and herb seasoning blend, 1 cup pizza sauce, BBQ sauce, pesto or Alfredo sauce, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, 3 toppings such as pepperoni, cooked sausage, garlic, onions and peppers, chopped rotisserie chicken, ham, pineapple, olives, etc.], title: Sunnys Easy as 123 Pizza, picturelink: BGbFDl9MTVRnoWa8DkWMcILpg2vQ22C}, 44807: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBrine the turkey: Combine the beer, mustard and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a 1gallon resealable plastic bag. Add the turkey, seal the bag and place in a large bowl refrigerate 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the pesto: Roast the bell peppers on a grill, directly over the flame of a gas burner or under a preheated broiler, turning with tongs, until blackened. Seal the peppers in a plastic bag and let cool at least 10 minutes. Peel the peppers and discard the stems and seeds do not rinse.nPulse the peppers, basil, garlic, parmesan, pine nuts, red pepper flakes, anchovy paste, 12 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a food processor until combined.nWith the motor running, slowly add the olive oil through the feed tube. Adjust the seasoning if necessary. Refrigerate the pesto if not using immediately.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Remove the turkey from the brine do not rinse and place on a rack in a shallow roasting pan. Roast until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 165 degrees F, about 1 hour. Transfer to a cutting board to cool.nAssemble the sandwich: Remove the meat from the bone and slice on a diagonal into 12inchthick pieces. Roughly chop the marinated vegetables and mix with 14 cup pesto in a bowl. Slice the bread in half horizontally to make a giant bun. Pull some of the bread out of the inside of the top half to hollow it out. Spread pesto on both halves. Layer the lettuce, provolone, turkey and vegetablepesto mixture on the bottom half of the bread, then cover with the top half. Wrap tightly with plastic wrap to squeeze the sandwich together. Refrigerate 20 minutes, then slice into pieces.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 12ounce bottle beer preferably IPA or other pale ale, 3 tablespoons coarsegrain dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 2 12to3pound skinless bonein turkey breast, rinsed and patted dry, 3 large red bell peppers, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon anchovy paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup jarred Italian marinated vegetables giardiniera, drained, 1 1pound seeded sourdough bread loaf, Shredded lettuce, 3 slices provolone cheese], title: AleBrined RoastedTurkey Sandwich with RedPepper Pesto, picturelink: 30PjJhwDGO.wP.P.1jExFJZM18Ju9WW}, 44808: {instructions: Heat about 3 inches of oil in a saucepan to about 400 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, mix eggs, milk and beer until creamy. Put flour in a separate bowl. Dip soft shell crabs into wet batter and then dip into flour. Drop battered crab into hot oil. Fry crab for 3 minutes on each side or until golden. Serve on buns, with tartar sauce, tomato and lettuce.nMix mayonnaise, horseradish, pickles, salt and pepper together in a small bowl. Add lemon juice. Refrigerate until ready to use.nYield: about 3 cups, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 cup beer, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 4 soft shell crabs, cleaned, 4 sandwich buns, toasted, Tartar Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, Sliced tomato, for serving, Lettuce leaves, for serving, 8 ounces mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons horseradish, drained, 1 cup sweet pickles, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup lemon juice], title: Soft Shell Crab Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 44809: {instructions: 1. In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.n2. Add Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated.n3. Using 14cup measuring cup coated with cooking spray divide warm cereal mixture into twentyfour portions. Cool slightly. Using buttered hands shape each portion into turkey track. Cool.n4. Use frosting to attach candy corn toes to each turkey track. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS:nIn microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 through 4 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows, OR, 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups, strong, em, Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae, em, strong, cereal, Kelloggsu00ae Cocoa Krispiesu00ae, Canned frosting, 72 pieces candy corn], title: Turkey Tracks, picturelink: 5R0JMBtL9mmDXyFt4JimBkw9q0OBCFS}, 44810: {instructions: Toss the beef with 1 tablespoon each cornstarch and vinegar and 2 teaspoons soy sauce in a medium bowl. In another bowl, stir the brown sugar, the remaining 2 teaspoons each cornstarch and vinegar, the remaining 1 teaspoon soy sauce, and 13 cup water until dissolved.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the beef and cook, stirring occasionally, until just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and wipe out the skillet.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in the skillet over high heat. Add the garlic and red onion and stirfry 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms, chard stems, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and stirfry until the vegetables are just tender, 4 minutes. Add the chard leaves and stirfry until wilted. Stir the brown sugar mixture and add to the skillet along with the beef, stirring, until thickened, 1 minute. Add the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Serve with rice.nPer serving: Calories 300 Fat 15 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 41 mg Sodium 561 mg Carbohydrate 13 g Fiber 2 g Protein 28 gnPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 pound boneless sirloin steak, sliced 14 inch thick, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 3 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 small red onion, cut into thin wedges, 4 ounces mixed mushrooms, sliced, 1 bunch Swiss chard, stems cut into 12inch pieces, leaves shredded, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Juice of 12 lemon, Cooked rice, for serving optional], title: Beef and Mushroom StirFry, picturelink: GjoyXo8wcv2bcqadDaebBr3TTG2sLKC}, 44811: {instructions: Scoop the ice cream into a small bowl. Ladle raspberry filling over ice cream and scatter on the blueberries. Spray on a generous amount of whipped cream and sprinkle with one teaspoon of chocolate shavings. Top it off with one maraschino cherry., ingredients: [4 ounces blueberry cobbler ice cream, such as Hudsonville, 2 ounces red raspberry fruit topping, 14 cup fresh blueberries, chilled, Whipped cream from a can, 1 teaspoon bittersweet or milk chocolate shavings, 1 maraschino cherry, chilled], title: Blueberry Cobbler Sundae, picturelink: null}, 44812: {instructions: Roll out refrigerated pizza dough to 14inch thick cut into 3inch rounds. Top with ricotta, diced apple, and a pinch of cinnamon sugar. Brush the edges with beaten egg, fold in half and press to seal. Brush with egg and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Poke a hole in each bake 20 minutes at 400 degrees F., ingredients: [], title: RicottaApple Pockets, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 44813: {}, 44814: {instructions: In a 6 quart kettle bring 5 quarts salted water to a boil for pasta.nMake pesto:nIn a 10 to 12inch nonstick skillet heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute mushrooms with Worcestershire sauce, Sherry, and salt and pepper to taste, stirring, until liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated and mushrooms begin to brown, about 10 minutes.nIn a food processor puree mushroom mixture with garlic, pine nuts, Parmesan, and remaining 3 tablespoons oil. Add parsley and blend until parsley is chopped fine. Pesto keeps, surface covered with plastic wrap, chilled, 1 week.nCook pasta in boiling water until al dente. Reserve 1 cup cooking water and drain pasta.nIn a large bowl whisk together pesto and 23 cup reserved hot cooking water. Add pasta and toss well, thinning pesto, if necessary, with remaining reserved cooking water., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 10ounce package fresh white mushrooms, chopped fine preferably in a food processor, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon mediumdry Sherry if desired, 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup pine nuts, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, washed well and spun dry, 1 pound penne rigate ridged penne or other tubular pasta], title: Penne with Mushroom Pesto, picturelink: null}, 44815: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag fitted with an 8millimeter fluted nozzle a silicone baking mat a deepfrying thermometer a handheld blendernIn a saucepan, bring the milk, butter, sugar and salt to a boil. Sift the flour. Add the flour to the pan, then cook over high heat, stirring, until the mixture is dried out, as for a pate a choux.nTake the pan off the heat and fold the eggs in one at a time. Transfer the dough to a pastry bag fitted with an 8millimeter fluted nozzle, and pipe long, straight stripes of dough onto a silicone baking mat fitted into a baking sheet.nFreeze until frozen through, about 30 minutes. Cut the frozen churros into various lengths, between 1 and 3 inches, and place on rectangles of parchment paper cut to size the parchment will facilitate the transfer of the churros to the hot oil, keeping them straight and avoiding splashes. Allow the churros to thaw fully.nLine a baking sheet with paper towels. Bring 4 to 5 inches of oil to 350 degrees F in a deep, heavy pot. Carefully invert the parchment over the oil to add the churros. Fry the churros in batches, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, a few minutes. Transfer to the paper towels to cool.nServe with Dulce de Leche Ganache for dipping.nHeat the cream in a pan together with the glucose syrup. Pour over the melted white chocolate, then add the dulce de leche and blend with a handheld blender until smooth. Add the butter and mix until well combined., ingredients: [1 12 cups whole milk, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 2 12 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, Grapeseed oil, for frying, Dulce de Leche Ganache, for dipping, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 12 tablespoons glucose syrup or corn syrup, 1 12 cups melted white chocolate, 12 cup dulce de leche, 3 12 tablespoons butter], title: Churros with Dulce de Leche Ganache, picturelink: oRjJwgaFQL59Lj8t5g8VI0nEewTyti}, 44816: {instructions: Heat milk and cream with vanilla bean and cinnamon sticks. Scald and let cool, then strain out vanilla bean and cinnamon sticks. Into strained mixture, whisk in flour, sugar, eggs and lemon zest and transfer mixture to a pitcher or a pour spout.nAssemble berries in prebaked, roomtemperature tart shell. Raspberries should be top down with opening down. Tightly packed but only one layer of fruit.nPour just enough batter over berries to almost come up even with fruit. Be careful not to put too much, but enough to fill in all the spaces and come 56ths of the way up the berries.nBake 15 to 20 minutes at 350 degrees until set and slightly brown on top., ingredients: [12 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 heaping tablespoon allpurpose flour, 34 cup sugar, 6 eggs, 1 teaspoon minced lemon zest, 1 pint raspberries, 1 pint blueberries, 1 prebaked tart shell recipe follows], title: Clafouti, picturelink: null}, 44817: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small pot over medium heat, combine the sugar, water and the ginger. Bring to a boil then shut off the heat and let cool to room temperature.nFill 4 glasses with ice. Pour seltzer water into the bottom third of each glass. Add 14 cup of the ginger simple syrup to each glass and gently stir. Put a teaspoon upside down over the glass and pour 1 shot of rum over the spoon, so that the rum stays separated from the seltzer.nPut slice of ginger and lime wedge onto each skewer. Garnish each drink with the skewer and enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 4inch piece ginger, sliced, reserve 4 slices for garnish, Ice, 1 liter seltzer water, 4 shots dark rum, 4 lime wedges, for garnish, 4 small skewers], title: Dark and Stormy, picturelink: 8.OVcV5tWNcFmTxY5pddmBxm1rgBWPK}, 44818: {instructions: Place the flour, salt and sugar into a medium bowl and whisk to combine. In a small bowl whisk together the water, egg, and 2 tablespoons of the butter. Add the egg mixture to the dry ingredients and stir until the dough comes together, adding additional water if the dough is dry. Knead the dough in the bowl 5 to 6 times. Turn the dough out onto the counter, divide into thirds, cover with a tea towel and allow to rest for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly butter the back of a half sheet pan using some of the remaining butter. Place the sheet pan, upside down on a surface that will prevent sliding. Working with one ball at a time, place the dough ball onto the back of the sheet pan and roll the dough out to an even 18inch thickness. Gently stretch the edges of the dough so they fall slightly below the edge of the pan and hold the dough in place. Lightly brush the dough with butter, place on the middle rack of the oven and bake for 10 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Remove the lavash to a cooling rack. Repeat with the remaining dough, on a cooled pan. Break each sheet into shapes and sizes as desired. Once completely cooled, store in an airtight container for up to 5 days., ingredients: [14 12 ounces allpurpose flour, approximately 2 12 cups plus extra for rolling, 1 teaspoon table salt, 12 teaspoon granulated sugar, 23 cup water, plus additional if needed, 1 whole egg, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, melted, and cooled slightly], title: Lavash, picturelink: gEGafjoSS0Oc1amHkgJX2HMjNPBJewe}, 44819: {instructions: Position a rack about 6 inches from the broiler and preheat. Cook the bacon in a large 12inch ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until crispy, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and crumble the bacon when cool. Add the potato, 12 teaspoon of salt, paprika, and basil and cook, stirring occasionally, until the potato is brown and tender, about 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk the eggs and milk with the remaining 1 teaspoon salt and black pepper to taste.nAdd the shrimp and bacon into the skillet and stir until the shrimp are pink, about 1 minute. Pull the skillet from the heat, pour the eggs over the potatoes and shrimp. Stir, just until the eggs begin to set and the potatoes and shrimp are evenly distributed in the skillet. Scatter the cheese over the eggs and top with the red pepper. Broil the tortilla until the eggs are set and the cheese begins to brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Serve from the skillet. Alternatively, use a rubber spatula to loosen the eggs from the side of the skillet and invert onto a plate, invert the tortilla again, onto a serving platter or invert and slide tortilla onto a cutting board. Slice into wedges and serve garnished with cheese and parsley., ingredients: [2 slices smoked bacon, 1 medium russet potato, scrubbed and diced, 1 1 u00bf2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 u00bf2 teaspoon hot paprika, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 24 medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 8 large eggs, 14 cup milk, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded Manchego or Parmesan about 3 ounces, 14 cup jarred roasted red pepper, Garnish with grated Parmesan and chopped parsley leaves], title: Shrimp, Potato, and Cheese Tortilla, picturelink: null}, 44820: {instructions: Make the pancakes: In a large bowl, combine the apples, egg, melted butter, and molasses. Stir in the milk.nIn another bowl, whisk together the baking soda, baking powder, salt, and flour.nWith a whisk or dinner fork, stir the dry ingredients into the wet until just combined. Dont overdo it There should be some lumps.nIn a large, heavybottomed skillet, melt 1 tablespoon butter over mediumlow heat. Swirl the butter around the pan, entirely covering it. Using a 14cup measuring cup, pour 3 portions of batter into the skillet. Cook for 3 or 4 minutes, or until broken bubbles appear. Use a metal spatula to turn the cakes and cook for another 1 12 to 2 minutes, or until a crisp surface is achieved. Keep the pancakes warm on a platter in a preheated 200 degree F oven while repeating to cook the remaining batter.nMake the butter: In a small saucepan, melt the butter with the honey over very low heat. Serve the pancakes and honey butter hot., ingredients: [3 tart apples such as Granny Smith, peeled, cored, and grated, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus 1 tablespoon butter for the skillet, 2 tablespoons dark molasses, 1 12 cups milk, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups flour, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup pure honey], title: AppleMolasses Pancakes with Honey Butter, picturelink: null}, 44821: {instructions: Heat olive oil in 4quart saucepot over medium heat and cook onion, carrots and celery, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes or until tender. Stir in garlic and cook 1 minute. Stir in Sauce, water and beans and simmer 10 minutes. Stir in macaroni. Serve, if desired, with crushed red pepper.nCost per recipe: 7.03.nCost per serving: .88.nBased on average retail prices at national supermarkets., ingredients: [2 tsp. olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 medium carrots, peeled and chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Vineyard Premium Collections Fire Roasted Tomato with Cabernet Sauvignon Sauce, 4 cups water, 1 can 15.5 oz. low sodium red kidney or cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, 4 oz. whole wheat elbow macaroni, cooked and drained], title: Bertolli Pasta Fagioli, picturelink: Vlw.L2JmihTX3KhJtoZJdrJRLV.sQi}, 44822: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut a thin slice from the top of the bread to expose the inside. With a paring knife, cut out the center of the bread to make a bread shell about 1inch thick.nCut the bread top and center into cubes and set aside.nCombine the cream cheese, mayonnaise, sour cream, chopped jalapeno and garlic in a food processor and process until smooth. Add the spinach and artichokes and pulse until chunky. Add the parsley, all but 1 tablespoon of the red peppers, 1 14 cup cheese, 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper and pulse just until combined.nSpoon the mixture into the bread bowl and top with the remaining 14 cup cheese, reserved red peppers and finely chopped jalapeno. Place the bread on a baking sheet. Brush the bread all over with olive oil and bake until hot and bubbly, 25 to 30 minutes.nServe with the bread cubes, baguette, crackers and crudites., ingredients: [1 large round loaf country bread, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 2 small jalapenos, 1 seeded and chopped, 1 finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, crushed and peeled, One 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed, drained and squeezed very dry in a kitchen towel, 1 cup marinated artichoke quarters, rinsed and drained, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 12 cup roasted red peppers, drained and finely chopped, 1 12 cups shredded pepper jack or Monterey Jack cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for brushing, Baguette slices, crackers and crudites, such as carrots and celery, for serving], title: Spinach, Artichoke and Red Pepper Dip, picturelink: MfEI3Rdv1dFGgA2huIGggdQbehNzK}, 44823: {instructions: Thinly slice a baguette arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Brush with softened butter and sprinkle with salt and sugar. Bake at 425 degrees F until lightly golden, about 7 minutes. Let cool slightly.nSpread softened butter on the toast rounds. Top with peach preserves and crushed amaretti cookies.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [], title: PeachAmaretti Bruschetta, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 44824: {instructions: Put the chicken pieces into a large bowl. Cover the chicken with water by 1 inch add 1 tablespoon of salt for each quart of water used. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.nIn a large shallow platter, mix the flour, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, and cayenne until well blended season generously with salt and pepper. In another platter combine the buttermilk and hot sauce with a fork and season with salt and pepper.nDrain the chicken and pat it dry. Dredge the pieces, a few at a time, in the flour mixture,nthen dip them into the buttermilk dredge them again in the seasoned flour. Set aside and let the chicken rest while you prepare the oil.nPut about 3 inches of oil into a large deep pot it should not come up more than half way. Add the thyme, rosemary, sage, and garlic to the cool oil and heat over mediumhigh heat until the oil registers 350 to 365 degrees F on one of those clipon deepfry thermometers. The herbs and garlic will perfume the oil with their flavor as the oil comes up to temperature.nOnce the oil has reached 350 to 365 degrees F, working in batches, carefully add the chicken pieces 3 or 4 at a time. Fry, turning the pieces once, until golden brown and cooked through, about 12 minutes. Total cooking time should be about 30 minutes. When the chicken is done, take a big skimmer and remove the chicken pieces and herbs from the pot, shaking off as much oil as you can, and lay it on a tea towel or brown paper bag to soak up the oil. Sprinkle all over with more salt and a dusting of cracked black pepper. Repeat with the remaining chicken pieces. Once all the chicken is fried, scatter the fried herbs and garlic over the top. Serve hot, with big lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 3 to 4 pound chicken, cut up into 10 pieces, Kosher salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart buttermilk, 2 tablespoons hot chili sauce recommended: Srirachi, Peanut oil, for frying, 14 bunch fresh thyme, 3 big sprigs fresh rosemary, 14 bunch fresh sage, 12 head garlic, smashed, husk still attached, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: Gk07DvBOeMgkEyexD7SFrGWbBsAV.Hq}, 44825: {instructions: Special equipment: shaker strainer Champagne flute citrus squeezernFill a shaker half full of ice. Combine the juice from half a lemon, 1 oz. blackberry puree and 12 oz. simple syrup. Shake and strain over ice in a Champagne flute. Top it off with ginger ale and garnish with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [12 lemon, 1 oz. blackberry puree, 12 oz. simple syrup, ginger ale, lemon wedge], title: Blackberry Burst, picturelink: null}, 44826: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the sour cream, apple cider vinegar, pomegranate juice, molasses and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put arugula, apples and almonds in a serving bowl. Add the dressing and toss to coat. Divide among 4 serving bowls and sprinkle with Parmesan shavings and pomegranate seeds., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 12 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons pomegranate juice, 12 tablespoon molasses, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups arugula, washed and patted dry, 1 sweet apple preferably Gala, Fuji or Honeycrisp, thinly sliced, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted, Parmesan shavings, 12 cup pomegranate seeds], title: TripleA Salad with Pomegranate Dressing, picturelink: null}, 44827: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients except the chicken. Add the chicken and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 days.nGrill chicken over hot heat until cooked through., ingredients: [1 cup lime juice, 2 cups orange juice, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon crushed garlic, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, Salt and pepper, 3 chickens, halved or cut up], title: Virginias Cuban Garlic Chicken, picturelink: 76Eov.l5CPVGXPr84SNw.MyFem3j9cK}, 44828: {instructions: Clean squid by removing cartilage, separating tentacles, cutting off eyes, and cutting body into 14inch rings. Rinse rings and tentacles well. Bring 1 gallon of water to a boil. Blanch squid for 30 seconds and drain. In a hot casserole saute onions in olive oil for 20 minutes without coloring.nStab chorizo with a fork. Place chorizo links on baking sheet and place in 400 degree oven for 25 minutes. Let cool and cut into medium dice.nTo casserole with onions add garlic and saute for five minutes. Add tomatoes and cook 10 minutes. Add squid and simmer for 30 minutes, letting natural juices release. Add wine and simmer until liquid is reduced. Add stock and simmer slowly until squid is tender. Add diced chorizo and heat through.nPrepare linguine according to package instructions. Drain and place in a bowl. Toss with olive oil, butter, and Parmesan. Garnish with chopped herbs., ingredients: [5 pounds fresh squid, 2 cups onions, diced, 2 ounces olive oil, 1 pound chorizo, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 2 cups white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 12 pounds fresh black linguine, 4 ounces olive oil, 4 ounces butter, 4 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated], title: Black Linguine with Squid and Chorizo Sausage, picturelink: null}, 44829: {instructions: Special equipment: Two 6ounce, 3 12inch ramekinsnFor the filling: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the apples with 2 heaping tablespoons of the sugar, the flour, cinnamon and nutmeg. Add the butter, and toss. Divide the filling between two 6ounce, 3 12inch ramekins, tent each loosely with foil and bake until the apples are tender and the juice is bubbling, about 35 minutes. Remove the ramekins from the oven, remove the foil, give the apples barely a stir with a fork and press the top into the juices.nFor the topping: Whisk together the flour, the baking powder, salt and 1 teaspoon of the sugar in a small bowl. Quickly stir in the heavy cream, then work the dough with your fingers as if you were working butter into pie dough, to make moist, slightly flattened chunks of dough.nTop each ramekin with dough, dividing evenly. Sprinkle each with 12 teaspoon of the remaining sugar, and bake until the topping is browned and crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool slightly, top with ice cream and serve., ingredients: [1 large Honeycrisp or 2 Gala apples about 12 ounces, peeled, cored and cut into 14inch pieces 2 generous cups, 2 heaping tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Heaping 14 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch fine salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 small scoops vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Apple Cobbler for Two, picturelink: oUzScdahefz751IEk925gKNzeqIAOFG}, 44830: {instructions: In a large skillet over medium heat, heat the olive oil until shimmering, about 2 minutes. Add the shallot and saute until browned, about 3 minutes. Add the Brussels sprouts and saute until just wilted, about 5 minutes. Add the vinegar, dried cranberries and almonds, and continue to saute until completely heated through, 3 to 5 minutes more.nRemove the pan from the heat. Season with salt, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 pound Brussels sprouts, ends trimmed, halved, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup slivered almonds, Salt], title: Brussels Sprouts with Dried Cranberries and Almonds, picturelink: 7Sz.Qoskp9Fg9aFpmLyytsTadMGvcC}, 44831: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.n2. Place the peaches and pineapple in an 8inch by 8inch baking dish.n3. Stir together the flour, sugar and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Cut in butter until mixture is crumbly and butter pieces are about the size of a pea. Sprinkle evenly over fruit.n4. Bake 30 minutes or until topping is crisp and golden. Serve warm with ice cream, if desired., ingredients: [2 cans 15.25 oz. each Del Monteu00ae Yellow Cling Sliced Peaches, drained, 1 can 15.25 oz. Del Monteu00ae Pineapple Chunks in 100 Juice, drained, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 tsp. ground cinnamon, 13 cup cold butter or margarine, Optional lowfat vanilla ice cream or frozen yogurt], title: Fruit Crumble, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 44832: {instructions: Special equipment: ToothpicksnSpread about a teaspoon of mayonnaise on the inside of a large single outer leaf of iceberg lettuce. Place leaf on the counter and top with 2 slices of turkey breast, 2 bacon slices, 2 slices of cheese, and 1 to 2 tomato slices. Roll up like a burrito. Close with toothpicks and cut into pinwheels. Repeat to make 4 rollups., ingredients: [4 teaspoons heavy mayonnaise, 1 head iceberg lettuce 4 outer leaves only, 14 pound sliced turkey no sugar added, 14 pound precooked bacon strips 8 slices, 1 tomato, thinly sliced to make 8 slices, 14 pound sliced Swiss cheese], title: Low Carb Turkey and Swiss BLT RollUps, picturelink: DC0MyI98a8.dKHylorW9x63ssVVGxLC}, 44833: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the portabellas in the balsamic vinegar, 14 cup of olive oil, gray salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the mushrooms on a baking sheet and roast in the oven for about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool to room temperature.nWhile the mushrooms are cooling mix together the bread crumbs, Parmesan, herbs and the remaining 14 cup olive oil.nPlace 1 slice 2 if the mushrooms are large of mozzarella in the cupped side of each mushroom. Distribute the bread and herb mixture evenly over the mushrooms and return to the oven to roast for 5 to 6 minutes or until the mozzarella is molten and the bread and herb topping a nice golden brown. Serve either hot or at room temperature and enjoy., ingredients: [12 large portobello mushrooms, stemmed and gills removed, 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, Sea salt, preferably gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 4 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 4 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves, 12 12inch slices fresh mozzarella, roughly 1 to 1 12ounces per slice], title: Mozzarella Stuffed Portobellos, picturelink: j0O2Lxz0jK8DpLNtoFTLJY9FR4bu6K}, 44834: {instructions: For the pork: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Portion the pork butt in two equal sections around 1 pound each. Next, in a small bowl, blend the salt, cayenne, black pepper and cumin, mixing well. Then pat dry the pork and rub the exterior with the mixed seasonings. Once rubbed with the seasoning, place in a deep roasting pan. Add the cut vegetables and finish with the stock, then cover with foil. After covering, bake until softened, 2 to 2 12 hours. After roasting, remove from the oven, place the pork on a sheet pan and allow cooling. Skim any fat from the stock and reserve. After cooling, pull the meat for burritos, and then place the stock in a saucepot, warming over mediumhigh heat. Then puree with a stick blender to a create a sauce. Once pureed, taste and reseason if preferred. Then remove from the stovetop and place in a container to cool.nFor the rice: Place the stock in a saucepan and warm over high heat. Once hot, add the annatto seed and stir until dissolved. Then remove from the stove and pour over the raw rice in a 2inch deep baking pan. Add the cilantro and jalapenos, cover with foil and place in the oven until cooked, about 30 minutes. All liquids should be absorbed for the rice to be cooked.nFor the burritos: To build the burritos, in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the pork and 1 cup reserved puree, stirring while warming for 4 to 5 minutes. Then add the cilantro, salt, pepper and lemon juice and warm. Then reduce the heat to low and keep the pork hot. Next, lay a tortilla flat and add in the center section 1 cup warmed pork, 14 cup rice, 2 tablespoons beans and 1 tablespoon cheese. Fold the bottom edge of the tortilla to meet, and then pull the sides over covering one another. Next, in a separate pan or on griddle, add 1 teaspoon reserved pork fat and heat over medium heat and allow to warm. Add the burrito and sear on the first side until crisp, 2 to 3 minutes, and then repeat on the second side until browned. Repeat the process with the remaining tortillas and filling., ingredients: [2 pounds Boston butt, bone out, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 1 tablespoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 5 to 6 cups mediumdice mixed carrots, celery and red onions, 4 cups chicken stock, 3 14 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon annatto seed, 2 cups rice, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 jalapenos, deseeded and diced, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, minced, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 1 12 teaspoons ground white pepper, 1 lemon, halved, 10 to 12 flour tortillas, 2 cups black beans, cooked, 2 cups shredded queso fresco or jack cheese, 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature], title: Pulled Pork Burritos, picturelink: null}, 44835: {instructions: Whisk together the vinegar, sugar, sea salt and lime juice in a bowl until the sugar and salt have dissolved. Add the carrots, cucumbers and scallions, and toss to combine. Transfer the mixture to a plastic food storage container and refrigerate until ready to serve. Add the mint and chile pepper just before serving, and toss to combine., ingredients: [2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons superfine sugar, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, Juice of 1 lime, 1 carrot, grated, 1 seedless cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 bunch scallion whites, finely chopped, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 Fresno chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped], title: Thai Cucumbers, picturelink: mhYbozg2Xqc1c2xRBhjNgrPblfTEQIW}, 44836: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees. Cut the tomatoes in half and place them, cutside down, on a bakers rack set in a roasting pan and placed in the oven for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes, the skins can be easily plucked off the tomatoes, using your fingers, a pair of tongs, or a fork. Drizzle the peeled tomato halves with 3 tablespoons olive oil and return them to the 200 degree oven for another 1 to 1 12 hours, until the tomatoes are roasted to a dark red. The excess moisture will have evaporated, and the remaining tomatoes will have a delicious concentrated flavor and aroma. Cut the roasted tomato halves into quarters, and combine with the steamed couscous. Add the olives, basil, and adjust the seasoning. Serve hot, toss with 3 tablespoons of olive oil and 2 tablespoons of vinegar and serve., ingredients: [10 to 12 plum shaped tomatoes, halved and seeded, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup quick couscous, steamed according to package directions, 2 tablespoons Kalamata olives, pitted and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons shredded basil, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Couscous with Roasted Tomato, picturelink: null}, 44837: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace fresh pomegranate arils, if using, into a Champagne flute. Pour Champagne into flute, add pomegranate juice and cassis., ingredients: [1 teaspoon fresh pomegranate arils, optional, 4 ounces Champagne, 12 teaspoon store bought pomegranate juice, 1 teaspoon cassis], title: Pomegranate Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: UgYBzcIKThBzxWxfg1mQWSjxZuvLES}, 44838: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLine baking sheet with parchment.nIn mixer cream together butter, sugar and salt. Add the eggs and blend well. In a large mixing bowl, sift together flour and baking powder. Add the flour mixture all at once to the butter mixture and stir until just blended.nTurn the dough onto a lightly floured pan and pat it out to 34 inch to 1inch thick. Cover with plastic wrap and chill thoroughly. Using dough in small amounts, roll cookie dough onto a floured work surface. Roll dough to desired thickness. Cut cookies with a heart shaped cookie cutter. Place cookies on prepared baking sheet about 2inches apart. These cookies do not spread. Bake for 12 to 18 minutes depending on size. Cool on baking sheet.nMelt white chocolate snaps, divide melted chocolate into thirds. Place black food coloring in 13, red in another 13, leaving 1 without food coloring. Take cookie and dip in white chocolate for a base. Place black and red chocolate into separate pastry bags. Design a heart on cookie with red white chocolate and pipe I Love New York on cookies with black chocolate., ingredients: [1 cup butter, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 3 12 cups flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, Flour, for dusting, Decorations, method follows, White chocolate snaps, Powdered food color, red and black], title: Sable Cookies, picturelink: null}, 44839: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a heavy saucepan over moderate heat for 1 minute. Add the onion, basil, oregano, bay leaf, half of garlic, red pepper, and salt and pepper cook, uncovered, until the onion is softabout 5 minutes. Remove 2 tablespoons of the mixture from the skillet and set aside.Reduce the heat to low, add the tomatoes and tomato paste, and cook, uncovered, for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Set aside.nMeanwhile, cook the pasta shells according to package directions, omitting the salt. Rinse with cold water and drain.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. To prepare the filling, combine 14 cup of the Parmesan cheese in a mediumsize bowl with the ricotta cheese, spinach, nutmeg, egg white, the remaining garlic and pepper, and the reserved onion mixture. Mix well.nSpoon half the tomato sauce into an ungreased 9x9x2inch baking dish. Spoon 3 tablespoons of the cheese filling into each shell, and place in the pan. Repeat until all the shells are used. Top with the remaining sauce. Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 25 minutes. Uncover, sprinkle the remaining Parmesan cheese on top, and bake, uncovered, 5 minutes longer., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 1 bay leaf, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Black pepper and salt, 1 can 1 pound lowsodium tomatoes, chopped with their juice, 2 tablespoons lowsodium tomato paste, 16 extra large shells, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 egg white], title: Spinach and Cheese Stuffed Shells with Spicy Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44840: {instructions: Melt 6 tablespoons of the butter in a large, heavy bottomed stockpot over medium heat. Just before the butter begins to brown, add the chicken. Season with a little salt and pepper and cook until browned on all sides, about 8 minutes. Add the andouille and cook 2 more minutes. Remove the meat to a large dish and set aside.nMelt the remaining butter in the same pot. Add the onion, garlic, carrot, fennel, thyme and bay leaves and cook over medium heat until the onion turns translucent, about 20 minutes.nAs the vegetables cook, pour the chicken stock into a large saucepan. Place over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low.nWhen the vegetable mixture is ready, add the orange zest to the pot along with the reserved meat and any juices. Mix well. Add the flour and stir to coat the vegetables and meat. Cook 2 minutes. Add the wine and stir. The mixture will thicken immediately. Add the warm chicken stock to the pot 1 cup at a time, stirring as the stock is added. Once all of the stock has been used, bring the stew to a simmer for 20 minutes. Ladle into bowls and serve.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss the potatoes together with the oil, salt pepper, thyme, rosemary and parsley. Place the potatoes on a baking sheet and put into the top half of the oven. Roast 30 minutes, or until the potatoes are fork tender, golden brown and crispy. Remove from oven and serve as a bed for the stew., ingredients: [10 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thigh meat, cut into 2 inch chunks, Salt and pepper, 8 ounces andouille sausage, sliced, 1 yellow onion, diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into thick rounds, 1 small fennel bulb, trimmed and sliced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 5 cups chicken stock, 1 orange, zest grated, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup white wine, Oven roasted potatoes, recipe follows, 10 medium red potatoes, washed and diced or 25 small potatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves], title: Chicken and Sausage Stew with Oven Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 44841: {instructions: In a large skillet, bring 4 cups of water to a boil. Add the quinoa and cook, stirring occasionally, until it expands out of its shell, about 10 minutes be careful not to overcook it.nIn a medium saucepan, bring 2 cups of water to a boil. Add the rice and cook, stirring occasionally until done, about 20 minutes.nIn a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, chives, bell peppers, salt, and cayenne pepper. Cook, while stirring, for about 3 minutes. Add the quinoa and rice and stir until hot. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups quinoa, 1 cup wild rice, 1 tablespoon olive oil or peanut oil, 1 cup mushrooms, diced, 12 cup diced chives, 12 cup diced orange bell pepper, 12 cup diced yellow bell pepper, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne or crushed red pepper], title: Quinoa and Veggies, picturelink: null}, 44842: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, mix onaga with the remaining ingredients. Serve cold., ingredients: [1 pound onaga, cubed, 2 Hawaiian chile peppers, minced, 12 cup limu kohu, 1 12 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon green onion], title: Onaga Poke, picturelink: 2UJJXB9hQdetkN1gGAoREy4mybv6Ve}, 44843: {instructions: Put the cucumbers and honeydew in a fine mesh sieve set over a bowl. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt and allow it to sit for 5 minutes. Press out as much liquid as possible. Toss the cucumber and melon with the yogurt, onion and pepper in a serving bowl. Cover and chill in the refrigerator at least 1 hour or until ready to enjoy., ingredients: [1 English cucumber, peeled and diced, 1 cup 14 whole honeydew, finely diced, Kosher salt, 2 cups Greek yogurt, 14 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely minced], title: Fresh Cucumber Salad, picturelink: 33iNZm1Hwwc4b8gp5ctGX5kWh4XZXQm}, 44844: {instructions: Arrange the endive leaves on a large platter, fanning them out from the center. Roughly chop the watercress, and sprinkle it over the endive. Top with the tomato wedges, and drizzle with Raspberry Vinaigrette, to taste. Serve immediately.nWhisk all the ingredients together in a small bowl. Cover and chill until ready to use., ingredients: [1 large head Belgian endive, leaves separated, 2 cups watercress sprigs large stems removed, 4 mediumsize ripe tomatoes, cut into wedges, Raspberry Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 14 cup seedless raspberry jam, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup raspberry vinegar, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, Salt and pepper], title: Tomato, Watercress and Endive Salad, picturelink: null}, 44845: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the gingersnaps, oil, and 2 tablespoons brown sugar in the bowl of a food processor pulse to form fine crumbs. Press the crumbs into the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch pie plate. Bake until the crust is set and golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool completely on a wire rack.nIn a large bowl, stir together the pumpkin puree, vanilla, pumpkin pie spice and remaining 13 cup brown sugar until blended stir in the frozen yogurt. Spread into the cooled pie crust and freeze until firm, about 3 hours. Wrap tightly in plastic to freeze up to 1 week.nWhen ready to serve, transfer the pie to the refrigerator to soften slightly, about 30 minutes. Top with Maple Whipped Cream, if desired.nSprinkle the gelatin over the water in a medium bowl let stand until absorbed, about 5 minutes. In a small saucepan, heat the milk until steaming. Whisk the hot milk into the gelatin to dissolve. Stir in the maple syrup and vanilla.nPlace the bowl in a bowl of ice water and stir occasionally until just beginning to set around the edges, about 15 minutes. Using a handheld mixer, beat the cold milk mixture on high until thick and fluffy, about 8 minutes. Spread on top of the frozen mousse pie swirl like a meringue topping. Serve., ingredients: [8 ounces gingersnap cookies, broken about 2 12 cups, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons lightbrown sugar, 1 cup canned pumpkin puree, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 quart lowfat vanilla yogurt softened, Maple Whipped Cream, recipe follows, optional, 1 34 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin, 2 tablespoons water, 1 cup 2 percent reducedfat milk, 14 cup maple syrup, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Frozen Pumpkin Mousse Pie, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 44846: {instructions: Pulse the oats in a food processor until coarsely ground. Add the kale, 1 teaspoon of the minced garlic and 14 cup of the chopped onion, and pulse until finely chopped and the texture is crumbly. Add the egg, 2 tablespoons of the Parmesan, milk, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, and pulse until just combined. Transfer the mixture to a large mixing bowl, add the turkey and mix with your hands until well combined. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil.nHeat the oil in a large, straightsided skillet or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining onions and 14 teaspoon salt, and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and lightly browned in spots, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the remaining garlic, and cook until softened, stirring constantly, about 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes, 1 12 cups water, 2 tablespoons of the remaining Parmesan, oregano, 1 teaspoon salt and the red pepper flakes. Stir to combine, and bring to a simmer. Cover, reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, remove the turkey and kale mixture from the refrigerator. Shape level tablespoonfuls into round meatballs about 36, and place on a rimmed baking sheet.nRemove the lid from the sauce. Use a metal spatula or 2 spoons to add the meatballs, one at a time, to the simmering sauce in a single layer. Cook, covered, until the meatballs are cooked through, about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat, and let the mixture sit, covered, for 5 minutes. Discard the oregano.nMeanwhile, cook the pasta in the boiling water according to package directions. Drain well.nTo serve, divide the pasta among 6 plates or bowls. Top each serving with 7 meatballs and 12 cup tomato sauce. Sprinkle with the remaining Parmesan., ingredients: [12 cup quickcooking rolled oats, 6 ounces kale, stems removed and leaves roughly chopped about 4 packed cups, 4 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 large yellow onion, roughly chopped, 1 large egg, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup skim milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound 99 percent fatfree ground turkey, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, One 28ounce can nosaltadded crushed tomatoes, 2 sprigs oregano, Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes, 12 ounces wholewheat angel hair pasta], title: Turkey, Kale and Oat Meatballs with Quick Tomato Sauce, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 44847: {instructions: To make to the sauce, in a mixing bowl, combine the lemon juice, brandy, mayonnaise, ginger, and garlic. Set aside.nTo make the fish spice, combine the salt, coriander, and black pepper in a small mixing bowl. Set aside but keep within reach.nIn a saute pan, add the olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the shark. Season each piece with the fish spice and continue to pan fry. Once each piece is crispy on oneside, turn over and repeat seasoning procedure. Add the sauce to the pan and begin to reduce. Add the cinnamon and garlic. When the sauce is brown and thick and the shark is thoroughly cooked, remove the pan from the burner.nPlace the shark onto each plate and spoon over the brown sauce. Garnish with chopped parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 lemon, juiced, 12 cup brandy, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon chopped ginger, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 4ounce fillets brown shark mako shark or swordfish may be substituted, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons salt, 2 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley], title: Mozambican Brown Shark, picturelink: null}, 44848: {instructions: In a large bowl cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, using a hand beater. Beat in the egg and then the vanilla. In a separate bowl, combine the flour and salt. Stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients until just incorporated. Roll the dough into a log, on a work surface, wrap in parchment and chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Put 2 cookie sheets in the refrigerator to chill as well.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the chilled dough from the refrigerator and slice into 14inch rounds. Arrange 2 inches apart on the chilled cookie sheets and bake until lightly golden on the edges, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the cookies from the cookie sheets and put on a cooling rack to cool before serving., ingredients: [1 cup butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 23 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Aunt Eileens Christmas Butter Cookies, picturelink: null}, 44849: {instructions: In a large pot, bring enough water to cover the pierogies to a boil. Place pierogies in boiling water and cook through. Remove pierogies from heat and strain. In a medium skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of butter. Add the sliced mushrooms and stir until they are coated with butter. Add the chopped onion to the skillet and saute until the onions are soft and the mushrooms begin to give up their liquid. Remove the skillet from heat and add the sour cream and stir until just combined.nIn another skillet, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Add the cooked pierogies to the skillet and saute until browned. Transfer the pierogies to a serving platter and spoon the mushroom sauce on top., ingredients: [2 packages frozen potatoonion pierogies, 4 tablespoons butter, 10 ounces button mushrooms, sliced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons sour cream], title: Pierogies with Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44850: {instructions: To make the Pumpkin Bread: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMix ingredients together in a food processor with enough flour to create a soft dough and knead for 5 minutes. Allow dough to rise, covered, in a warm, draftfree place for 30 to 45 minutes. Punch down dough, recover, and allow to rise again for another 30 minutes. Punch down for a second time. Shape into a long, slender loaf. Place the loaf on a greased cookie sheet sprinkled with cornmeal. Rub the top of the loaf with water. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until cooked through.nTo make the Bread Dip: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nCombine ingredients for bread dip. When bread cools, slice thin and dip each piece each side of bread into mixture. Bake bread with mixture on a cookie sheet until crisp and golden brown, about 10 minutes, turning once.nTo make the Bruschetta: Mix ingredients for bruschetta together with the remaining pumpkin and chill in refrigerator. Top bread with bruschetta and serve., ingredients: [13 cup canned pumpkin, from a 15ounce can, reserve the rest for the bruschetta topping recommended: Libbys, 1 14 cups water, 1 tablespoon yeast, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, Flour, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Dash garlic powder, 5 Roma tomatoes, diced, 14 cup olive oil, 2 large garlic cloves, crushed, 3 grinds black pepper, 18 to 20 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon tomato vinegar, 2 teaspoons salad vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons dried basil, 1 teaspoon Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons water], title: Pumpkin Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 44851: {instructions: Bring water to a boil for pasta, salt water and cook to al dente.nToast walnuts in a dry skillet over medium heat until golden and fragrant, a few minutes then cool. Add the nuts to a food processor with rosemary, 1 clove garlic, salt and pepper and turn processor on. Stream 13 cup oil into food processor to form pesto then scrape into a bowl and stir in about 34 cup grated cheese.nRub chops with cut clove of garlic then season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add chops and cook 4 minutes each side for medium rare doneness.nWhile lamb cooks, drain pasta and return pot to heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil and butter in pasta pot and melt over medium heat. Place the pasta back in the pot and crisp 4 to 5 minutes, toasting the pasta. Season the pasta with salt and pepper and a little nutmeg.nRemove lamb from skillet and cover with foil to let meat settle. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil over mediumhigh to high heat. Add onions and greens and sear them. Season the greens with salt and pepper and wilt down, 3 to 4 minutes. Add vinegar and turn greens to coat in vinegar.nServe a chop alongside greens. Top greens with toasted pasta and drizzle some pesto over everything., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound orecchiette pasta, 1 12 cups walnuts, 7 to 8 stems rosemary, 14 to 13 cup leaves, loosely packed, 2 cloves garlic, cracked from skin, Black pepper, 3 tablespoons plus 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 12 to 34 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 4 shoulder lamb chops, bonein, 8 to 10 ounces each, 2 tablespoons butter, Grated nutmeg, to taste, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 large heads kale, dinosaur kale or chard, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar], title: Lamb Chops with Greens and Crispy Orecchiette Pasta with WalnutRosemary Pesto, picturelink: El2Zvdl0cm3s8HUBgwjSVpR19dZqeQ.}, 44852: {instructions: Into a large pot or large kettle, pour about 3 to 4 inches of water. Add the salt, and a few handfuls of seaweed to come quarter way up the pot. Nestle the lobsters on top of the seaweed. Layer the corn, sausages and potatoes and then the clams on top, and cover with a lid or tin foil.nBring the pot to a boil over high heat, and then turn down to medium, and steam the clambake for about 20 to 30 minutes, or until the clam shells have opened wide and the lobster has turned bright red. Scoop out all the pieces onto a serving platter, cut the lobster tail from midway through to the end and open up for ease of eating with your handsnServe with bottled hot sauce, lobster crackers and a pot of warm compound butter for dipping and slurping.nTo make the garlicchive butter: Mince the garlic and add to the soft butter in a bowl. Mince the fresh chives, and add. Squeeze the lemon juice over top. Add a pinch of salt. Stir to incorporate. Place half of the compound butter on a piece of wax paper, shape into a log and roll up, twisting the ends to secure shut. Place the other half on another wax paper sheet, roll up, and refrigerate.nTo make the lime butter: Combine the butter, lime zest and lime juice in a small bowl, Stir to combine. Place the butter on a piece of wax paper, shape into a log and roll up, twisting the ends to secure shut, and refrigerate.nTo make the smoked paprika butter: Combine the butter, paprika, hot sauce and salt in a small bowl. Stir to combine. Place the butter on a piece of wax paper, shape into a log and roll up, twisting the ends to secure shut, and refrigerate. Just before serving, cut a hunk off the butter log and place in a small saucepan to melt for the lobster and clam dipping pot. Place the remainder back in the refrigerator for later use., ingredients: [14 cup sea salt, 2 pounds seaweed, 2 1 12 pound live lobsters, 4 ears of corn, 2 fresh pork sausage links, 6 small new fingerling potatoes, 1 pound clams, 3 lemons, Hot sauce, for serving, Lobster crackers, for serving, Compound butters, for serving, see recipes, 6 cloves garlic, 1 pound lightly salted butter, room temperature, Handful of fresh chives, finely chopped, Juice of 1 lemon, Pinch sea salt, 12 pound lightly salted butter, room temperature, 2 limes, the finely grated zest of 1 lime, and the juice of 2, Pinch sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound lightly salted butter, room temperature, 2 to 3 teaspoons smoked paprika, Dash of hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, Pinch sea salt], title: StoveTop Clambake, picturelink: null}, 44853: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nHeat 14 cup olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the basil leaves and red pepper flakes, and stir well.nIf using plum tomatoes, cut them lengthwise in half. Toss the tomatoes with the sugar and salt.nPlace the tomatoes cut side down in a roasting pan that will hold them in a single layer. If you dont have a pan large enough, use an additional roasting pan and more olive oil. Spoon the onion mixture over the potatoes. Add enough olive oil to come halfway up the tomatoes, about 12 cup.nRoast until the tomatoes are tender and falling apart, about 3 hours about 1 hour for cherry tomatoes. Stir once, gently, during the roasting. Let cool then refrigerate, covered, in their oil., ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, plus approximately 12 cup for roasting, 1 large white onion, cut into 12inch dice, 6 garlic cloves, smashed, 24 ripe plum tomatoes or 48 ripe cherry tomatoes, 18 basil leaves, 18 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Slow Braised Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 44854: {instructions: In a medium bowl, add the crab, chives, lime zest and juice, freshly cracked black pepper, to taste, a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, and pickled chiles. Carefully toss to combine and taste. Season with salt and extravirgin olive oil, if needed.nTo a bowl, add the garlic, salt and black pepper, to taste, lime juice, avocado, and a little drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. Lightly mash with a fork, leaving the guacamole a little chunky. Taste and season with more salt and pepper, if needed.nPut a little blended oil into a medium pot over mediumhigh heat and heat to 350 degrees F.nUsing a thin, wooden rolling pin, put the wonton wrapper around the end of the rolling pin and pinch with tongs. Put the end into the heated oil and allow to fry. Once the taco begins to crisp and hold its shape, remove the rolling pin. Allow to fry until puffy and slightly browned on all sides, about 2 minutes. Repeat with remaining wontons. Drain the shells on paper towels.nPut 3 dollops of the guacamole on the plate. This will help hold the tacos upright. Top each mound with a taco shell to hold in place. Fill the taco shells with the crab salad. Top each with a couple pickled onions and freshly picked cilantro leaves.nPack the chiles into 2 1quart jars and cover them with water to come within 12inch of the rim. Pour the water out into a measuring cup. Note the volume, pour off half the water, and replace it with sherry vinegar. Add 2 tablespoons sugar and 2 tablespoons salt for every 3 cups liquid.nPour the vinegar mixture into a nonreactive saucepan and add the bay leaves, coriander seeds, black peppercorns, cumin seeds, marjoram, and garlic. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Pour the hot liquid into the jars to cover the peppers, and screw on the lids. Refrigerate for up to 1 month.nPack the onions in 2 1quart jars and cover the water to come within 12inch of the rim. Pour the water out into a measuring cup. Note the volume, pour off half of the water and replace it with vinegar. Add 2 tablespoons sugar and 2 tablespoons salt for every 3 cups of liquid.nPour the vinegar mixture into a nonreactive saucepan, add the mustard seeds, red pepper flakes, coriander seeds, black peppercorns, garlic, and bay leaves, and bring to a boil over high heat. Allow the liquid to boil for 2 minutes, and then remove it from the heat.nPour the hot liquid into the jars to cover the onions and screw on the lids. Refrigerate for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 pint unpasteurized jumbo lump crabmeat, picked through for shells, 12 small bunch fresh chives, thinly sliced, 2 limes, zested and juiced, Freshly cracked black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 pickled Fresno chiles, minced, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and minced, Kosher salt, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 lime, juiced, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and peeled, Extravirgin olive oil, Blended oil, for frying, 12 wonton wrappers, Pickled onions, for garnish, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, 2 pounds chilies, Sherry vinegar, Sugar, Kosher salt, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 4 sprigs fresh marjoram, 3 garlic cloves, 2 pounds red onions, sliced, White wine vinegar, Sugar, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 4 garlic cloves, 2 bay leaves], title: Jumbo Lump Crab Taco, Pickled Chiles and Avocado, picturelink: null}, 44855: {instructions: Combine Carnationu00ae Breakfast Essentialsu2122 Drink and cinnamon in large mug. Stir in milk, caramel syrup and vanilla extract., ingredients: [1 packet Dark Chocolate Flavor Carnationu00ae Breakfast Essentialsu2122 Complete Nutritional Drink, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup hot or steamed fat free milk, 1 tablespoon caramel syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Dark Chocolate Caramel Spice, picturelink: .5wiOgiAFrZvdx1SSkTE4uS4Qc.6p2}, 44856: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Use pizza stone, or a 12inch pizza pan if stone is unavailable. Place dough in a pan and generously brush with infused oil. Place caramelized onion on the dough, then slice the smoked chicken and place on top of the onion. Spread the garlic around, generously, on top of the chicken and onion. Break up the goat cheese and place on the pizza. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes until the toppings are hot. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with fresh rosemary over the top., ingredients: [1 grilled dough, 6 ounces smoked chicken, 4 ounces goat cheese, 18 cup roasted garlic, 12 cup caramelized onions, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, Infused Rosemary extra virgin olive oil], title: Pizza Maria, picturelink: null}, 44857: {instructions: Put the eggs in a medium saucepan and cover with water by 2 inches bring to a boil, then remove from the heat, cover and let stand 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl of ice water to cool.nMeanwhile, preheat the broiler. Combine 1 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Arrange the turkey cutlets on a baking sheet and sprinkle both sides with the paprika mixture. Broil until just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and set aside while you make the dressing.nCombine the vinegar, the remaining 18 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Whisk in the olive oil along with any collected juices from the turkey. Finely chop 14 cup of the tomatoes and add to the dressing.nPeel and halve the hardboiled eggs. Discard the yolks or save for another use. Chop the egg whites and add to the bowl with the dressing, along with the lettuce, avocado and the remaining 1 34 cups tomatoes. Chop the turkey, add to the bowl and toss. Divide the salad among bowls and sprinkle with the blue cheese.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [4 large eggs, 1 18 teaspoons smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds turkey cutlets, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 romaine lettuce hearts, chopped, 12 avocado, peeled and chopped, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese about 1 ounce], title: Turkey Cobb Salad, picturelink: UCK6MCK1Crghee3suQykSd2Re0tY.Cm}, 44858: {instructions: Special equipment: four 18ounce widemouthed jarsnWash the kumquats well under hot water. Slice each in half and remove any seeds with the tip of a paring knife.nIn a medium saucepan, bring 3 cups water to a full boil, then add the kumquats and sugar. Stir well and simmer over mediumlow heat until the kumquats begin to look semitranslucent and the mixture is the consistency of maple syrup, about 15 minutes.nDivide the candied kumquats among four 18ounce widemouthed jars. Divide the grain alcohol among them to fill. Refrigerate for at least 2 weeks, but ideally 1 month. The longer the liqueur ages, the better it will taste., ingredients: [2 pints kumquats, 3 cups sugar, 1 liter grain alcohol, such as Everclear], title: Kumquat Limoncello, picturelink: 26bbeNSLdoKeUdje1Yv70W0RipNtx.}, 44859: {instructions: Combine the carrots and potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with water. Season the water generously with salt and toss in the cinnamon stick and garlic. Bring the water to a boil and boil until the carrots and potatoes are fork tender. Remove from the water.nPlace the butter in a small saute pan and cook until the butter is melted, browned and smells like hazelnuts. Remove from the heat and stir in the ground cumin, nutmeg and cayenne.nPass the carrots and potatoes through a food mill. Stir in the spiced butter vigorously. Taste and make sure the carrot puree is delicious. Reseason if needed. Serve hot., ingredients: [8 carrots, cut into 1inch lengths, 2 Yukon gold potatoes, cut into sixths, Kosher salt, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 stick 4 tablespoons butter, 1 12 teaspoons cumin seeds, toasted and ground, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch cayenne pepper], title: Spiced Carrot Puree, picturelink: CFQV6ExeYUP7lAheEkfTFDoxRDQk8lq}, 44860: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlanch green beans in a large stock pot of well salted boiling water until bright green in color and tender crisp, roughly 2 minutes. Drain and shock in a bowl of ice water to stop from cooking.nHeat a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the oil and the butter. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the beans and continue to saute until coated in the butter and heated through, about 5 minutes. Add lemon zest and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds green beans, ends trimmed, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Beans with Lemon and Garlic, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 44861: {instructions: Preheat the grill to 400 degrees F.nHeat the pan over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. Saute the garlic for 1 minute.nAdd in the greens and saute until wilted. Add in the curry powder and continue to cook the greens until they start to get soft. Remove from heat and set aside.nCut the dough into 2 8ounce pieces. Stretch the dough out on a lightly floured surface with your hands. When the grill is at a consistent 400 to 450 degrees F no hotter than 450, lightly brush the grill with olive oil. Place dough directly onto the grill surface. Close the grill cover and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. About 2 minutes in, open the grill and pop the air bubbles with a fork. The bottom should be brown with some charred spots but not burned or underdone. Close lid and continue cooking. Remove from grill and place on a work surface with the cookedgrilled side up.nLower the heat on the grill to mediumlow heat so that the cheese has time to melt and the bottom does not burn.nSpread equal amounts of the mozzarella and fontina on each pizza. Divide the cooked greens on top of the cheese. Place a few dollops of crumbled goat cheese over the top of the greens, then sprinkle with the crumbled paneer.nLightly oil grill once more and carefully place pizzas, cheese side up, onto the grill.nClose the lid and let it cook slowly for another 5 to 10 minutes to allow the cheese to melt and so that the bottom does not burn. When the cheese is completely melted and the bottom is a nice even brown with some charred spots, remove from the grill to a cutting board, slice and serve., ingredients: [1 to 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 large bunch greens, coarsely chopped Swiss chard, spinach, or any combination  I used Swiss chard and removed the stems, 1 bunch fresh mustard greens, coarsely chopped, 1 to 2 teaspoons hot curry powder can use more, depends on how spicy you like it, Homemade pizza dough or 1 16ounce storebought dough, Olive oil, for grill, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, shredded, 34 cup shredded fontina cheese, 12 cup goat cheese, crumbled, 12 cup crumbled paneer], title: White Pizza with Indian Spiced Greens, picturelink: null}, 44862: {instructions: Pick a few of the lavender buds from a sprig, and muddle them in 2 highball glasses. Fill with ice, then add the wine, liqueur and vodka and top with club soda. Garnish with lavender sprigs., ingredients: [Lavender sprigs or, if you prefer, mint, pineapple mint or other herb, Ice, 4 ounces crisp, dry white wine, such as sauvignon blanc, 2 ounces elderflower liqueur, such as St. Germain, 2 ounces vodka, Club soda], title: The Wild Flower, picturelink: uidJjqaJ7.8ENhLjIdppRW0wosg0Dyq}, 44863: {instructions: For the chocolate sauce: Place the cream and chocolate chips in a bowl set over simmering water and stir just until the chocolate melts. Add the honey and coffee and stir until smooth. Set aside.nTo assemble the sundaes: Place 1 scoop of vanilla ice cream and 1 scoop of chocolate ice cream in each dish and drizzle with the chocolate sauce. Sprinkle the peanuts over the top. Serve any extra sauce on the side., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons prepared coffee, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, 2 pints chocolate ice cream, 12 cup chopped salted peanuts], title: Chocolate and Vanilla Sundaes, picturelink: XdtNHfyq0eiqkNAyo0Xhu4mMx3ZXd.}, 44864: {instructions: In a heavy bottomed 4quart saucepan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the sugar and cook, stirring occasionally, until very dark, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chicken pieces, ginger, 1 teaspoon of salt, and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently until the chicken is brown, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and break up with a wooden spoon. Add the thyme, 2 tablespoons of parsley, carrots, potatoes, and hot water. Cover the pan and simmer until the chicken is cooked through and the vegetables are tender, about 40 to 45 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to serving bowls and garnish with the remaining parsley., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 skinless and boneless chicken breasts, halved, 4 small skinless, bonein chicken thighs, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 4 whole peeled canned tomatoes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 3 medium Yukon gold potatoes about 1 pound, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 12 cups water], title: Trinidadian Chicken Stew, picturelink: null}, 44865: {instructions: Preheat the oil to 350 degrees F in a deepfryer or large pot.nMake a large mound with the yellow corn flour. Using a sieve, drain the freshly shucked oysters of excess fluid and place on top of the flour mound. Coat the oysters completely with the yellow flour, making sure there are no wet spots on the oysters themselves.nSift any excess flour from the oysters and place into the fryer. Deep fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove and dust with the seasoning salt.nCut the baguette into 2 separate pieces. Spread mayo on half of the baguette and ketchup and hot sauce, if using and layer with some lettuce, tomatoes and then some pickles.nPlace the fried oysters on the other side of the baguette, before joining the 2 halves. Cut each baguette in half again and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 5 cups yellow corn flour, 70 oysters, shucked, Fresh seasoning salt or Louisiana Cajun seasoning, 1 36inch Leidenheimer bread baguette or any baguette or hoagie loaf, Mayonnaise, Lettuce leaves, Tomato slices, Pickles, Ketchup, optional, Hot sauce, optional], title: Castnets Oyster Poboy, picturelink: MAWZV0M3mdjhreonhL1Cga1djiQcf.W}, 44866: {instructions: Make the vanilla sugar: Grind the sugar and vanilla seeds in a blender until powdery like confectioners sugar. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 month.nMake the drink: Fill a tall glass with ice to chill it. Muddle the strawberries, 2 teaspoons vanilla sugar and 3 tarragon sprigs in a cocktail shaker. Add the bourbon and Pernod. Add ice, then cover and shake well. Dump the ice out of the glass. Refill with crushed ice, then strain the drink into the glass. Crush the remaining tarragon sprig with the flat side of a knife add to the drink.nPhotograph courtesy Charles Masters, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped out, 3 strawberries, hulled and halved, 4 sprigs tarragon, 3 ounces bourbon, 14 teaspoon Pernod], title: Tarragon Julep, picturelink: EzdYe5Whds4iscT4kAjyoVeR3dbF6dW}, 44867: {instructions: For the sauce: To a large highsided saute pan over medium heat, add the blended oil. Add the garlic, shallots, cinnamon stick, bay leaf and the baby eggplant to the saute pan. Season the mixture with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add the peeled tomatoes, squashing the tomatoes in your hand as you add them. Add about 2 cups chicken stock and allow to simmer, about 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove the cinnamon stick and strain the sauce through a food mill placed over a bowl and pass through. Place back into the same pan and place over medium heat. Whisk in the butter until melted.nFor the eggplant chips: Add about 14inch blended oil to a heavybottomed pan over mediumhigh heat. Heat the oil to 360 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer, a cube of bread will brown in about 3 minutes.nOnce the oil is heated, coat the eggplant in the rice flour and shallow fry until golden brown, on both sides, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain the eggplant chips on a paper towellined plate.nFor the fish: Season each swordfish steak with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nPlace a large cast iron pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the blended oil and add the seasoned fish. Cook on both sides until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Remove the fish from the pan and set aside.nFor each serving: Place a piece of fish on a plate. Spoon some of the sauce alongside the fish. Garnish with a pile or shortstack of eggplant chips and freshly torn basil. Drizzle the plate with extravirgin olive oil and garnish with the orange zest., ingredients: [14 cup blended oil, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 shallots, coarsely chopped, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 bay leaf, 5 to 6 baby eggplants, trimmed and cut into large dice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 28ounce can whole, peeled San Marzano tomatoes, 2 to 3 cups chicken stock, heated, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Blended oil, for shallow frying, 4 to 5 baby eggplants, sliced 18inch thick, Rice flour, to coat, 4 3ounce swordfish steaks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, About 14 cup blended oil, 14 cup freshly torn basil leaves, Extravirgin olive oil, Zest of 1 orange], title: Swordfish with Crispy Eggplant Chips, Tomato and Eggplant Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44868: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a large baking dish and set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the canola oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the bread cubes and saute until lightly golden brown on all sides, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and transfer to a baking sheet. Heat 2 more tablespoons of the oil and repeat with the remaining bread.nReturn the pan to the stove over medium heat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and the bacon and cook until the bacon is golden brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer the bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nAdd the butter to the pan with the rendered bacon fat over medium heat. Once melted, add the carrots, celery and onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds. Add the kale and cook until wilted, about 2 minutes. Remove and cool slightly.nPut the bread cubes in a large bowl with the cooled vegetable mixture. In a separate bowl, whisk the eggs until smooth and add to the bread. Add the stock, making sure the mixture is very, very wet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and fold in the goat cheese, parsley, sage and reserved bacon. Transfer to the prepared pan and add the honey if using.nBake until golden brown and crispy on top and cooked through, about 35 minutes. Remove and let rest 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for buttering baking dish, 5 tablespoons canola oil, 1 large loaf dayold country bread, cut into 1inch cubes, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 1 pound Tuscan kale, stems removed and leaves torn or coarsely chopped, 2 large eggs, 4 to 7 cups homemade chicken stock, 8 ounces goat cheese, cut into small pieces, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage, About 1 tablespoon honey, optional, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound doublesmoked slab bacon, cut into small strips, 2 medium carrots, peeled and finely diced, 2 medium stalks celery, finely diced, 1 medium Spanish onion, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped], title: Country Bread Stuffing with Goat Cheese, Kale and Bacon, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 44869: {instructions: Special equipment: Cookie cutters: moon and star shapesnFor the gelatin: In a large, deep bowl, combine the gelatins. Pour the boiling water over the mixture and sir until completely dissolved. Refrigerate for 1 12 hours or until partially set.nMeanwhile, prepare the cosmic fruit: Cut cantaloupe, watermelon, and honeydew into stars and moon shapes. Press the fruit into the partially set gelatin, then refrigerate for 4 hours or until set.nPlace the bowl in a pan of hot water to loosen the gelatin from the sides, then invert onto a wizardlike platter., ingredients: [4 3ounce packages yellow gelatin, 2 envelopes unflavored gelatin, 6 cups boiling water, 1 cantaloupe, 1 quarter watermelon, 1 honeydew melon], title: Wiggly Jiggly Crystal Ball, picturelink: null}, 44870: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine cooked rice with all other ingredients. Toss mixture lightly. Serve at room temperature or chilled., ingredients: [3 cups cooked brown rice, 1 Granny Smith Apple, diced, 2 celery stalks, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 12 bunch green onions, chopped, 12 cup walnut pieces, 1 cup cooked chicken, cubed, 3 tablespoons flat leaf parsley, chopped, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Brown Rice Salad with Apples, picturelink: null}, 44871: {instructions: In a food processor, place almonds, chilies, lime juice, garlic and ginger and mix well. Add the basil and mint leaves. Slowly drizzle in the oil to achieve a thick puree. Check for seasoning. Season the pork and spread the pesto on each pork escalope. Save a little pesto for garnishing. Roll the pork escalopes and tie each one with string. In a hot saute pan coated with oil, sear the pork roulades on all sides. Place pork in a 350 degree oven for about 20 minutes. An internal temperature of 155 to 160 degrees is ideal. I love my pork pink. Let loin rest for at least 5 minutes before slicing.nAdd a little oil to thin out the remaining pesto.nFor the 5 Spice Root Vegetable Ragout: In a 2 quart saucepan on medium heat, add the butter, onions and 5 spice powder. Saute for 3 minutes then add carrots, celery, celery root and parsnips. Saute for 10 minutes then add chicken stock. Reduce stock by 30 percent until the vegetables are soft but not mushy. Stir in the cornstarch slurry to thicken. Check for seasoning.nFor the Pastry Cups: In a food processor with the blade, add flour, butter, salt and 5spice. Pulse until butter ends up in very small, tiny pieces. Add the egg mixture and pulse until a ball is formed. If ball is too dry, add a little water or, if too wet, add a little flour. In either case, pulse to incorporate. Wrap ball in plastic and refrigerate for 1 hour. Roll out dough to 14inch thick and dock dough make small holes. Cut out circles or squares and place on an upside down muffin pan. Place a sheet of parchment on top then weigh down with a sheet tray. Bake at 425 degrees for 18 to 20 minutes or until golden brown.nPLATING: Zigzag pesto oil on white plate. Place one pastry cup in the center of a plate and generously over fill with vegetable ragout. Slice thick slices of pork and surround cup. Garnish with toasted almonds and sliced scallions.nWine Suggestion: Robert Sinskey Pinot Noir 1996, ingredients: [1 14 cups toasted slivered or whole almonds save 14 cup for garnish, 3 serrano chiles, Juice of one lime, 6 cloves of garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 cups picked Thai basil leaves, 1 cup picked mint leaves, 34 cup peanut oil, 3 to 4 pound pork loin, cut into at least 4 2inch pieces, pounded flat, Salt and black pepper to taste, Canola oil to cook, 14 cup sliced green scallions for garnish, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup diced red onions, 1 tablespoon 5 spice powder, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced celery, 1 cup diced celery root, 1 cup diced parsnip, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon cornstarch slurry 12 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with cold water, Salt and black pepper to taste, 2 cups all purpose flour, 4 ounces, 1 stick of butter, cut up into small pieces and frozen, 1 teaspoon salt, Pinch of 5 spice powder, 2 eggs lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon ice water], title: Roasted Pork Loin with Almond Pesto 5 Spice Root Vegetable Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 44872: {instructions: In a small bowl soften tapioca in warm water to cover 1 hour.nWhile tapioca is soaking, in a small saucepan cook coconut milk, ginger, and sugar over moderate heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Remove pan from heat and let mixture stand 10 minutes.nDrain tapioca. Peel bananas and quarter lengthwise. Cut quarters into 12inch pieces.nHeat coconut milk mixture over low heat and gently stir in tapioca and bananas. Cook pudding, stirring be careful not to break up bananas, until thickened slightly and bananas are heated through, about 5 minutes, and cool. Divide pudding among 6 ramekins and chill, covered, until cold.nGarnish pudding with crystallized ginger., ingredients: [1 tablespoon small pearl tapioca not quickcooking, 1 14ounce can light unsweetened coconut milk, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped crystallized ginger, 13 cup sugar, 3 firm, ripe bananas, Garnish if desired: 1 tablespoon chopped crystallized ginger], title: Banana Coconut Pudding, picturelink: dVdi9qqOI5HHGTm8HzquCjIsG4WvaYW}, 44873: {instructions: Heat oven to 200 degrees F. Season liver generously all over with salt and pepper. Place the large lobe smoothside down in a rectangular or oval 14ounce porcelain terrine mold. Pour a little of the Sauternes over it. Add the small broken pieces of liver, a little more Sauternes, and finally the smaller lobe, smoothside up, and the rest of the wine. Cover the terrine with its lid or, since cooking at such a low temperature, use microwavable plastic.nPut a folded kitchen towel or 6 paper towels layered together in the bottom of a pan large enough to hold the terrine, and set the terrine on top. Fill the pan halfway up the sides of the terrine with hot, not boiling water, transfer to oven, and cook until internal temperature measures 120 degrees on an instantread thermometer, about 1 hour, depending on the thickness of the terrine or mold.nRemove terrine from water bath, and place in a deep dish. Invert lid to exert a light pressure on liver this will force rendered fat to the surface. If the terrine does not have a lid, or the lid has a handle, cut a piece of cardboard slightly smaller than the mold and wrap it in several layers of plastic wrap. Place inverted lid or cardboard on liver, and weigh it down with a full bottle of Armagnac or 2 1pound cans from your pantry for 20 minutes at room temperature. Then, remove the weights and cover the terrine with the fat that was forced out.nWhen foie gras is entirely covered by its fat, wrap terrine tightly, and refrigerate for at least 3 days before serving. To serve, unmold by dipping terrine briefly in hot water and, using a hot knife, cut into serving slices. Serve with toasted bread., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Grade A foie gras big and small lobes, at room temperature, cleaned and deveined, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 23 cup Sauternes], title: Classic Terrine of Foie Gras, picturelink: null}, 44874: {instructions: Crust:nIn a bowl, stir together cookies and butter with a fork until moistened then press into an 8 or 10inch pie crust. Freeze.nLayer 1:nBeat together all ingredients, spread onto the frozen crust, and freeze for 5 minutes.nLayer 2:nBeat together all ingredients except for the chocolate. Stir in the chocolate. Place this mixture on top of the peanut butter layer.nTop with whipped cream and refrigerate until firm., ingredients: [15 to 18 shortbread cookies, finely crushed, 23 cup melted butter, 2 ounces softened cream cheese, 2 cups whipped topping, 12 cup powdered sugar, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 4 ounces softened cream cheese, 4 cups whipped topping, 12 cup powdered sugar, 2 ounces melted German sweet chocolate, Whipped Cream, for garnish], title: Celebration Cheesepie, picturelink: null}, 44875: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease cookie sheet.nBy hand: In a bowl combine flour, sugar, baking powder, rosemary and pepper. In a separate bowl combine eggs and vanilla. Using a wooden spoon, beat egg mixture into dry ingredients. Dough will be very stiff. Stir nuts into dough.nFood processor method: In food processor fitted with steel blade combine flour, sugar, baking powder, rosemary and pepper process briefly. In a small bowl combine eggs and vanilla. With food processor running, pour in eggs in a steady stream process until stiff dough is formed. Add nuts and pulse several times to combine.nShape dough into 2 flat 3inch wide logs and place on cookie sheet. Bake 20 minutes. Remove from oven and cool on baking sheet. When cool enough to handle, use a serrated knife to slice logs on the diagonal into 12inchwide pieces. Place cut side down on cookie sheet and return to oven 15 minutes, or until golden brown. Cool on racks and store in tins up to 1 month., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons finelychopped dried rosemary, Large pinch finelyground black pepper, 3 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups roasted cashews, coarsely chopped], title: Rosemary Cashew Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 44876: {instructions: Pour 1 teaspoon raspberry liqueur into 8 champagne flutes. Add a raspberry to each and muddle with the handle of a wooden spoon. Fill the glasses halfway with orange juice and then finish with champagne., ingredients: [8 teaspoons raspberry liqueur, such as Chambord, 8 raspberries, plus more for garnish, About 3 cups fresh orange juice, 1 bottle champagne, prossecco or other sparkling white wine], title: Raspberry Mimosa, picturelink: L8KVOK7.4Ubvj2TO3LJvPIhCmWdp4Um}, 44877: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in 6quart nonstick saucepot over mediumhigh heat and cook eggplant, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Stir in remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and onion. Cook, stirring frequently, 5 minutes or until eggplant is golden and tender. Stir in Sauce and broth. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring frequently, 5 minutes or until thickened.nArrange 6 ovenproof soup bowls or crocks on cookie sheet. Evenly spoon soup into crocks, then top with mozzarella cheese, bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese. Broil 2 minutes or until cheese is melted. Serve, if desired, with crusty Italian bread., ingredients: [4 Tbsp. olive oil, divided, 1 medium Italian or Japanese eggplant, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced about 4 cups, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Olive Oil  Garlic Sauce, 2 cans 14.5 oz. ea. chicken or vegetable broth, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese about 4 oz., 14 cup Italian seasoned dry bread crumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Eggplant Parmesan Soup, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 44878: {instructions: In a heatproof bowl melt the chocolate over a pot of simmering water. Dunk the pretzel rods halfway into the chocolate. Immediately roll chocolatecoated pretzel rods in sprinkles. Transfer to waxed paperlined sheet pan and allow to cool until hardened., ingredients: [12 ounces chocolate chips or white chocolate chips, 24 8inch pretzel rods, Chocolate or colored sprinkles], title: Chocolate Ant Sticks, picturelink: null}, 44879: {instructions: Special equipment: A piping bag with a star tipnFor the crust: Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch pie plate. Put the crackers in a food processor and pulse until they form fine crumbs. Add the butter, sugar and egg white and pulse until the mixture comes together like wet sand it should hold together when pinched. Transfer to the prepared pie plate and press evenly into the bottom and up the sides. Bake until lightly golden, about 10 minutes. Let cool completely.nFor the filling: Whisk together the condensed milk, lime juice, salt and egg yolks in a medium bowl. Pour into the cooked pie shell and bake until the filling is set and only slightly jiggles in the center, 18 to 20 minutes. Let cool completely at room temperature and then refrigerate, loosely covered with plastic wrap, until chilled, about 2 hours or up to overnight.nPrepare the garnish: Use a citrus zester to make strips of zest. Then cut away all of the peel and white pith save the other half for another use. Cut the lime meat into small chunks.nFill a piping bag fitted with a star tip with whipped cream. Pipe mounds of whipped cream around the edges of the pie and decorate with chunks of lime and zest. Serve immediately or return to the refrigerator to chill until serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for buttering the pie plate, 60 butter crackers, such as Ritz Crackers about 2 sleeves, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg white, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 23 cup fresh lime juice from about 6 limes, plus 12 lime for garnish, Pinch kosher salt, 4 large egg yolks, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Key Lime Pie with Butter Cracker Crust, picturelink: rqHF2jkknyfKf5Xu8AfXG5.4E5PFrOa}, 44880: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the croutons: Heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat in saute or frying pan. Once it is hot but not smoking, add the bread pieces and stir until the bread has been evenly toasted and is golden brown. Season with salt and pepper. Place the croutons in a bowl with a lining of paper towel to drain the oil. Immediately toss the cheese into the croutons, followed by the parsley. Store at room temperature.nFor the dressing: Combine the cheese, roasted garlic, vinegar, mustard, anchovies and egg yolk in a food processor. Blend until a smooth paste has been formed. If necessary, add 2 tablespoons water to ensure it is a smooth paste, and not clumpy. With the machine running, emulsify the oil into the paste in a steady stream. Add more water or vinegar as necessary, depending on how loose or acidic you prefer the dressing.nTo finish the salad: Place the lettuce leaves onto a serving platter and drizzle the dressing on top. Season with salt and pepper. Using a peeler, shave large pieces of the Pecorino cheese over the lettuces, followed by the croutons and anchovies if using., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups loosely torn country bread about 34inch pieces, Kosher salt and fresh cracked pepper, 14 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley, 12 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons roasted garlic, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 6 white anchovies, 1 egg yolk, 1 14 cups canola oil, 30 large leaves from the hearts of romaine lettuce, left whole, Kosher salt and fresh cracked pepper, Small block Pecorino Romano cheese, 18 white anchovies, optional], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: 8dcSqk0ndAhlNLigikIoVImjit3iu}, 44881: {instructions: In a saucepot, combine diced pork, lime juice, bay leaf, vinegar, and water. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Bring to a boil and simmer until the pork is tender, about 45 minutes. Strain the meat, cool, and grind in a meat grinder.nBoil the yucca in salted water until tender. Cool and grind in the meat grinder.nSaute onions, scallions, tomatoes, peppers, and garlic. Add the ground pork. Season. Make egg shaped balls from the yucca dough with your hands. Press a hole into them with your thumb. Fill with the pork mixture. Close the hole with additional dough. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nFill a deep saucepot 12 way with canola oil, heat to 375 degrees F. Fry the carimanolas until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound lean pork shoulder, cut into large dice, 1 lime, juiced, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup vinegar, 1 cup water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds yucca, peeled, 1 red onion, cut into small dice, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 tomatoes, cut into small dice, 1 red pepper, cut into small dice, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Canola oil, for frying], title: Fried Pork and Yucca Balls: Carimanolas, picturelink: null}, 44882: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nFor the turkey breasts:nArrange a wire rack over a baking sheet. Combine the butter with the herbs. Loosen the skin on the turkey breasts and place the butter between the skin and breast meat, working out to the edges evenly. Place a bay leaf between the skin and meat. Spray the skin with olive oil, and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Roast to 165 degrees internal temperature, about 1 hour. Remove and cover loosely with foil to cool back to room temp, reserving the drippings for the gravy. Then cover and store for a makeahead meal, as well as another nights meal, such as the Turkey Club Enchilada Casserole.nFor the stuffing:nMelt 6 tablespoons butter in large skillet over medium heat. Grease a casserole dish with 1 tablespoon of remaining butter, and reserve the rest to dot the top of the stuffing once it is in its casserole dish. To the melted butter, add the herbs, celery, apples, onions, bay leaf and some salt and pepper. Cook to tender, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the stuffing cubes and moisten with the stock until damp, but not wet. Fill the casserole dish and dot the top with butter. Cover and refrigerate to store.nFor the gravy:nMelt the butter in a large skillet and season liberally with black pepper. Whisk in the flour until light golden in color. Then whisk in the stock and Worcestershire and simmer at low boil to thicken. Add any pan drippings from the roasted turkey breasts. Once the gravy lightly coats the back of a spoon, add a ladle of it to the egg yolk while beating with fork. Then add the yolk back to gravy to gloss it up, stir in. Add the mustard, if using. Add salt to taste. Cool and store.nTo serve:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the rack in center of oven.nBring the stuffing to room temp, then bake until crispy on top and hot through.nReheat the gravy over medium heat, partially covered and stirring occasionally.nWhile the stuffing is in the oven and the gravy is reheating, heat up an additional couple cups of plain stock in a highsided skillet. Thinly slice 1 turkey breast, removing the bay leaf when you get to it.nFor each sandwich, very lightly toast a slice of bread and place on a dinner plate. Top the bread with a scoop of stuffing I use an ice cream scoop. Set a few slices of turkey into broth to heat through. Arrange the turkey slices over the mound of stuffing. Liberally ladle the gravy over the top of the sandwich and garnish with chopped parsley. Save any leftover gravy for another meal, such as the Turkey Club Enchilada Casserole later in the week., ingredients: [1 stick softened butter, 14 cup finely chopped fresh herbs, such as thyme, sage and parsley, 2 boneless turkey breasts 2 12 to 3 pounds each, 2 large fresh bay leaves, Olive oil spray, Kosher salt and coarse black pepper, 8 tablespoons butter, 14 cup fresh herbs, such as thyme, sage and parsley, finely chopped, 3 to 4 ribs celery with leafy tops, chopped, 2 small apples, chopped, 2 small to medium yellow onions, chopped, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups stuffing cubes, such as Pepperidge Farms, 3 to 4 cups chicken stock, 4 tablespoons butter, Coarse black pepper, 3 tablespoons flour, 3 cups turkey or chicken stock, About 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 egg yolk, 1 round tablespoon Dijon mustard, optional, Salt, A couple cups stock, to reheat sliced turkey, Sliced good quality white or wheat bread, Chopped fresh parsley, garnish], title: DinerStyle Hot Turkey Sandwiches, picturelink: r7pKOev1cLOZHbobt65TGQ7XWJ17UbO}, 44883: {instructions: Whisk together the eggs, both kinds of sugar, buttermilk, butter, and vanilla in a small bowl until smooth. Whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, espresso powder, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Add the egg mixture and whisk until just combined. Fold in the chocolate, cover, and let rest for 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nHeat a large castiron griddle or nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Brush with butter and continue heating until the butter begins to foam. Drop scant 14 cupfuls of batter onto the griddle. Bake until bubbles start to form and burst, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook to set the other side, another 1 to 2 minutes. As the pancakes are ready, put them in a single layer on the baking sheet and keep warm in the oven until ready to serve.nStack the pancakes on plates, drizzle with the warm caramel sauce, and top with a sprinkling of confectioners sugar and some raspberries, if desired.nCombine the sugar and 14 cup cold water in a medium saucepan over high heat. Cook, without stirring or touching, until the sugar turns a deep amber color, 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, warm the cream in a small saucepan or in the microwave. When the caramel is ready, slowly whisk in the cream and continue simmering until the mixture is smooth, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter and salt until combined. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 14 cups buttermilk, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the griddle, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 3 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, Salted Caramel Sauce, warm, recipe follows, Confectioners sugar, optional, Raspberries, optional, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 teaspoon fleur de sel or other coarse sea salt], title: Double Chocolate Pancakes with Salted Caramel Sauce, picturelink: gXCQvPUhb6v0gvxe9VyoecGVBOL3tKe}, 44884: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add pasta and salt, to taste, and cook to al dente. Drain.nAdd the red peppers to a small sheet pan and char to blacken evenly all over under the broiler. This also can be done over an open gas flame. Put them in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap to cool. Peel and seed the peppers, then chop and add them to a food processor. Add the stock and process to puree.nHeat about 14 cup extravirgin olive oil in saute pan over medium heat, and add the garlic and green peppers. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes then stir in the puree. Add the drained orzo and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the pepperoncini and some juice and toss to coat. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [12 pound orzo pasta, Salt, 2 to 3 large red bell peppers, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sliced pepperoncini and some pickling juice], title: ThreePepper Orzo, picturelink: null}, 44885: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, on medium speed, cream together the butter, brown sugar, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and salt. Add the molasses, mixing until incorporated. Add the flour, 1 cup at a time, and mix each cup until just combined. With the mixer running, slowly add the water. Spread the dough out on a sheet pan, cover it tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate it until youre ready to roll it out ideally overnight, three hours minimum.nKeep gingerbread cool while working with it. Dust with flour to avoid sticking. Brush away excess flour after cutting.nRoll out dough to 14inch thickness. Apply even pressure on rolling pin to avoid variance in thickness. Cut out house pieces using your cardboard templates. A dough wheel works best. Use a paring knife for corners.nBake pieces in a preheated 350 degree oven for approximately 20 minutes or until dough is set well. Crisp gingerbread is a must for a lasting structure. Allow pieces to cool completely before assemblyovernight is ideal. If pans are not level transfer warm pieces carefully onto the counter surface so they set completely flat.nIn the bowl of a mixer, blend the above ingredients together and mix on mediumhigh speed for 3 minutes. Keep covered with a damp towel to prevent a crust from forming on the icing.nASSEMBLY FOR GINGERBREAD HOUSES: Windows should be decorated before assembly. Colored flow icing, crushed candies, melted leaf gelatin, marzipan, etc.nMix royal icing and keep covered with a damp towel. Assemble house on the a 12inch round base of your choice. Start with a front piece and a side piece using royal icing liberally on the inside. The 2 pieces should stand without assistance. Assemble remaining pieces in the same fashion. Roof pieces may need support to counteract gravity, sugar boxes, soda cans work well.nTime to decorate your house. Necco wafers make excellent roof shingles. Chocolate covered raisins will build a chimney. Red hots, jelly beans, chocolate chips, gummi bears  use your imagination in the candy aisle.nFinish with royal icing and dust with snowdonut sugar looks best., ingredients: [2 sticks 8ounces butter, 34 cup brown sugar, firmly packed, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup molasses, 5 34 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cold water, 2 cups 10x sugar, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 egg whites, 10 rolls Necco Wafer, possibly more depending on number of houses, 2 pounds chocolate covered raisins, 1 pound hard candies, assorted colors, 1 pound cinnamon red hots, 2 bags minimalted milkballs, coated in assorted colors, Assorted Christmas candies, your choice], title: Gingerbread Recipe, picturelink: null}, 44886: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray. Remove the stems from the mushrooms and coarsely chop them. Scrape the gills from the underside of the mushroom caps using a spoon discard.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the butter, half of the scallions, the poblano and garlic and cook, stirring, until the poblano is soft, about 4 minutes. Add the mushroom stems and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in 14 cup wheat germ and cook 1 minute. Remove from the heat stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper.nStuff the mushroom caps with onequarter each of the mozzarella and poblano mixture and arrange on the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon wheat germ and generously spray with cooking spray. Bake until the mushrooms are tender and the wheat germ is golden, about 20 minutes. Top with the sour cream, jalapeno and the remaining scallions., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup wheat germ, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 cups shredded partskim mozzarella cheese about 6 ounces, 13 cup reducedfat sour cream or nonfat Greek yogurt, 1 red jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced optional, Olive oil cooking spray, 4 medium portobello mushrooms, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 scallions, sliced, 1 poblano or Anaheim chile pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped], title: Cheese and ChileStuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 44887: {instructions: Melt the margarine, and then saute the onions, celery, bell peppers and garlic until tender. Add the crawfish tails, garlic powder and cayenne and continue cooking for 20 minutes longer. Serve over rice., ingredients: [1 stick margarine, 1 cup finely chopped onions, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 12 cup finely chopped bell peppers, 1 teaspoon garlic, finely chopped, 2 pounds Louisiana crawfish tails, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Cooked rice, for serving], title: Glendas Crawfish Etouffee, picturelink: null}, 44888: {instructions: Butter an 8inch square baking dish set aside. Put 3 tablespoons of the butter in a microwavesafe small bowl or liquid measure microwave for 30 seconds to 1 minute to melt the butter.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, 3 tablespoons of the sugar and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. In a separate small bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, 2 of the eggs and the melted butter. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients, and stir until just combined.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat. Melt a little of the remaining butter in the pan. For each pancake, spoon 14 cup of batter into the skillet and cook until the bottom is golden brown and small bubbles appear on the top, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown on the other side, about 2 minutes. If the pancakes brown too quickly, reduce the heat to mediumlow. Transfer the pancakes to a plate as finished. Repeat until all the batter is used, adding more butter to the pan as necessary. You should have at least 12 pancakes.nWhisk together the halfandhalf, vanilla, the remaining 5 eggs and 3 tablespoons sugar, and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl.nShingle the pancakes in the prepared baking dish. Pour the egg mixture evenly over the pancakes. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 8 hours up to overnight to allow the pancakes to soak in the custard.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the plastic wrap, and bake the casserole until it feels firm yet springy to the touch in the center and the custard is set, 50 to 60 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes before serving. Serve warm with maple syrup, blueberries and pats of butter., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the dish and serving, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 6 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt, 1 34 cups buttermilk, 7 large eggs, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Maple syrup, for serving, Blueberries, for serving], title: Pancake Breakfast Casserole, picturelink: LJIIu68UXuKbY6N5AOisF68bKcGmkSG}, 44889: {instructions: Make the pumpkin candies: Fill a piping bag with tempered white chocolate. Fill each pumpkin cavity with the chocolate and allow it to set. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes to help the chocolate to harden. When set, the pumpkin candies should pop out of the mold. You can serve them as they are or you can sandwich 2 together. To sandwich them together, pipe a little of the white chocolate on the back of 1 piece and press another candy backtoback. Let the chocolate harden.nMake the pumpkin candy dish: Place some powdered orange food color in a small bowl. Add a few tablespoons of cocoa butter to the food color and stir until well combined. Use a pastry brush or a clean pastry brush used only for food, not for paint to paint the inside of the mold top and bottom with the color. Make sure the inside is completely coated. You can use a hairdryer to warm up the cocoa butter paint if it begins to cool. Place the mold in the refrigerator for a few minutes until the cocoa butter sets.nUse a cornet filled with bittersweet chocolate to pipe the chocolate into the stem at the top of the mold. Allow the chocolate to set.nWhen the painted mold has set, use a ladle to completely fill each piece the top and the bottom of the mold with white chocolate. Tap the mold on the counter to encourage the air bubbles to depart. When the mold is full, empty it into the bowl of chocolate. The inside of the mold should be evenly coated with chocolate. Scrape the mold clean with an offset spatula and place it upside down on a wire rack placed over a baking sheet. It may be necessary to give each mold more than one coat. This will make the candy dish stronger. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge clean with a chefs knife. When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts from the sides of the mold. A clean edge will keep it from sticking and cracking as it shrinks. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. Repeat with as many molds as you would like to make.nUnmold the pumpkin candy dish. It should pop out of the mold. Fill the bottom of the mold with pumpkin candies. Place the top of the mold in place.nWhenever I use cocoa butter mixed with food color, I like to use an electric yogurt maker. The yogurt maker will keep the cocoa butter melted. Leave the paints in the yogurt maker at the end of your project. When you are ready for the next project, just plug in the yogurt maker and, in 60 minutes, you are ready to go.nThe pumpkin candies are made with a special Halloween transfer sheet. It is 3dimensional and you will need to purchase it before you begin. You will also need to purchase the 3dimensional pumpkin dish mold., ingredients: [32 ounces white chocolate, tempered, Powdered food colors, 8 ounces cocoa butter, melted, 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, Special equipment, See source link for information:, Halloween transfer sheet, 3dimensional pumpkin dish mold], title: Chocolate Pumpkin Candy Dish, picturelink: null}, 44890: {instructions: Put all ingredients in medium saucepan, and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours. Remove cloves, cinnamon stick, and star anise. Serve warm or cool. Serve with pork or lamb dishes, or as topping for ice cream. Store in an airtight container with lid in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [4 ounces about 34 cup dried figs, roughly chopped, 4 ounces about 1 cup dried pears, roughly chopped, 1 cup apple cider, 12 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons orange blossom honey, 6 whole cloves, 1 stick cinnamon, 1 star anise pod, 12 vanilla bean, 1 1inch strip lemon peel, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Dried Pear and Fig Compote, picturelink: null}, 44891: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 17 12 by 12 12inch jellyroll pan.nWith an electric mixer, beat the eggs, granulated sugar, pumpkin and lemon juice until smooth. Sift together the flour, ginger, salt, baking powder and cinnamon. Add the sifted ingredients to the egg mixture and blend until fully combined. Spread the batter in the jellyroll pan. Sprinkle the dough with the chopped pecans. Bake until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 14 minutes. Let the cake cool in the pan for 5 minutes.nInvert the cake onto a wire rack. Sprinkle some of the confectioner sugar on a large tea towel and carefully transfer the warm cake to the towel, folding the sides of the towel over the cake. Roll the cake up in the towel and cool in the refrigerator thoroughly for about 45 minutes.nWith an electric mixer, combine the confectioners sugar, cream cheese, butter and vanilla and beat until smooth. Carefully unroll the cooled cake and spread the mixture on top of the cake. Gently reroll the cake up and refrigerate it until youre ready to slice and serve. Dust with confectioners sugar just before serving., ingredients: [Two 3ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature, 1 stick butter 12 cup, room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 1 cup granulated sugar, 23 cup canned pumpkin, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup pecans, finely chopped, 1 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for sprinkling], title: Pumpkin Roll, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 44892: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the ribs: Place the ribs in a roasting pan, cutting the racks in half to fit if necessary. Combine the garlic, rosemary, brown sugar, balsamic vinegar, salt and cayenne in a small bowl, and rub the mixture evenly all over the ribs. Allow the ribs to marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.nPlace a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pour 12 cup water into the roasting pan and cover the pan tightly with aluminum foil. Roast the ribs until the meat is very tender and separate easily from the bone, about 1 12 hours. While the ribs are roasting make the BBQ sauce.nFor the sauce: Place the balsamic vinegar in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil then lower the heat to medium and cook the vinegar until it is reduced by a third, about 8 minutes. Whisk in the ketchup, apple cider vinegar, honey, mustard, molasses, Worcestershire, hot sauce and salt. Bring the the sauce back to a boil then lower the heat and simmer until thickened, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature.nTo finish, remove the ribs from the oven and transfer to 2 aluminumfoillined baking sheets. Increase the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Brush both sides of the ribs generously with the BBQ sauce and bake uncovered for 10 minutes, until the sauce is browned and sizzling. Allow the ribs to rest for 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [3 pounds pork spareribs, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup ketchup, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 1 tablespoon molasses, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 teaspoons hot sauce, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Sweet and Sticky Pork Ribs, picturelink: TbdAyZ1NU1wjPeygFcG8U3tqZTlnH6}, 44893: {instructions: Season the chicken with some salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil. Once the oil is hot but not burning, add the chicken and sear for 3 minutes on each side. Remove from the skillet and set aside.nUsing the same skillet, add the garlic and shallot and cook over medium heat for 1 minute. Add the chicken stock and wine and cook until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Add the sliced mushrooms and lower the heat to a simmer. Return the chicken to the skillet, cover and cook until the chicken is cooked through, an additional 10 minutes. Add the raspberries, butter, balsamic vinegar and lemon zest, and continue cooking, uncovered, for 1 minute., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast cutlets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large shallot, chopped, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup white wine, 6 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest], title: Raspberry Chicken, picturelink: XLocMrHJ7lYM1JQ5JdsvYULoVnJaswO}, 44894: {instructions: To make the rice: Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large saucepan with a heavy bottom or small Dutch oven. Add the rice and the salt and stir to coat. When the rice starts to appear opaque and chalky, add enough cold water to cover the rice by the width of 2 fingers about 1inch. Bring to a rapid boil, and boilwithout stirringuntil the water level reaches the level of the rice. Stir the rice once and reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the spinach mix: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic, stirring so it doesnt stick, and cook until fragrant. Stir in the spinach and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Raise the heat to mediumhigh and cook until the spinach is just heated through. Dont overcook or the spinach will discolor.nOnce the rice has finished cooking, fold the spinach into the pot. Fluff the rice so that the spinach is evenly distributed. Taste and season with additional salt and pepper if necessary. If you like, add a couple of drizzles of olive oil to give the rice a little gloss., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, 4 cups longgrain white rice, 2 tablespoons salt, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for finishing, optional, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and squeezed dry, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Rice Arroz Verde, picturelink: ViMX.dmspKsC7p1noTgugJWgukCqwaK}, 44895: {instructions: Mix the flour mixture for shrimp:nCombine the ingredients and set aside in container. This step can be done the day before dinner.nPeel and cut the citrus fruit into sections over a plate. Drain the juice from the plate into a bowl. Season liberally with gray salt and black pepper. Whisk in olive oil to form a vinaigrette it should be in proportion, about 2 parts juice to 1 part olive oil.nSeason citrus sections with salt and pepper. Drizzle a little of the vinaigrette on them to marinate and put them on a platter.nHave your fishmonger peel the prawns but leave the tails on for handles. Season liberally with salt and pepper. Preheat a saute pan on high. Dredge the shrimp in the flour mixture. This will give them a nice crust and allow them to stay crispy and fresh at room temperature. Add olive oil to the pan and put in 1 layer of shrimp. You want them to caramelize, so dont toss or move them. Add a little more oil if the flour absorbs whats in the pan. After about 3 minutes, turn over the prawns. Let it caramelize, toss and turn out onto a cookie sheet. Add about 14 cup more olive oil to the already hot saute pan. Drain pan juices from the cookie sheet into the saute pan. Add sliced garlic and let it get light brown. Add chiles and let them get soft. Add the basil and stand back  theres a lot of water in basil and it will pop. Let it get crispy, less than a minute. While this is happening, arrange prawns over the citrus salad. Add the orange zest to the basilgarlicchile mixture in the saute pan. Season with salt and pepper, then spoon basilgarlicchile mixture over the prawns.nToss the spinach with the citrus vinaigrette and mound on top of the prawns. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 tablespoons California chili powder, 1 tablespoon gray salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 blood oranges, peeled and sectioned, pith removed, 2 tangelos, peeled and sectioned, pith removed, 2 grapefruit, peeled and sectioned, pith removed, Salt and pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds 16 to 20 count shrimp 4 per person, peeled but with the tail on, 6 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 serrano or jalapeno peppers, thinly sliced, 1 12 cups basil leaves, stemmed and cleaned, 1 tablespoon orange, julienned, 1 bunch basil, cleaned, 3 cups prewashed spinach, stems removed], title: Angry Shrimp with CitrusSpinach salad, picturelink: HGWjhDU0w.oUgsqocHhIckJWVZQ3GT6}, 44896: {instructions: Special equipment: A spice mill, mortar and pestle, or coffee mill dedicated to grinding spices and butchers stringnFor the edamame:nAdd soybeans in their pods to a pot and cover with water. Boil until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove soybeans from their pods and add to a pot reserving about 12 cup for texture in a separate bowl along with chicken stock. Set aside until needed, at which time you will heat and then puree just before serving.nFor the rice:nRinse rice in strainer under cold water. Add rice, 3 34 cups cold water and salt to a saucepot. Cover and let soak for a half hour. Remove lid, then turn heat to medium and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook for 15 minutes without removing the lid. Transfer to a mixing bowl, stir in tarragon, vinegar, and cover with a clean damp kitchen towel and keep at room temperature.nFor the stuffing:nRemove the meat from the Peking duck, reserving the skin and bones in a saute pan. Finely shred enough duck meat to make 6 tablespoons shredded duck, and place in a mixing bowl. Stir in scallions, hoisin sauce, and ginger soy syrup and set aside at room temperature until needed.nFor the filet mignon:nCut a slit in the top center of each steak to hold the stuffing. With a spice grinder, with a mortar and pestle if you are strong and persistent, or with a coffee grinder dedicated to grinding spices, pulverize the wasabi peas, peppercorns, and salt, together. Stuff the steaks with even amounts of the duck mixture and tie up with butchers string to help them keep their shape through the searing process. Coat each filet with the wasabipeppercorn mixture and set aside briefly. Return to the edamame and heat the beans and chicken stock over mediumhigh heat until the chicken stock is reduced by half. Remove from heat and keep warm.nFor the sauce:nTo the pan of duck skin and bones, add enough water to cover and the demiglace. Cook until the liquid is reduced by half and strain through a chinois. Discard the skin and bones. Season the reduction with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a small bowl and keep warm by nesting the bowl in another bowl of hot water.nTo cook the filet mignon:nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon of the grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in a saute pan with oven safe handles reserving the other tablespoon of oil. When the oil begins to shimmer add the steaks to the pan, stuffed side down first, and sear, leaving undisturbed for the first 2 minutes or so to let the caramelization process begin to allow the stuffing to integrate into the meat and to prevent tearing the beef. Add the reserved grapeseed oil and flip the steaks, searing the other side in the same way, leaving undisturbed for about 2 or 3 minutes. Transfer to the oven to finish to an internal temperature of 125 degrees F as measured with an instantread thermometer, about 8 to 15 minutes depending on the thickness. Remove from oven and let carryover cook to about 132 degrees F for mediumrare, or cook to your liking. When you have placed the filet mignon in the oven, puree the edamame with an immersion blender and toss in the reserved whole beans for texture. Cover and keep warm. Remove steaks from oven, if done, and let rest as indicated above.nFor the rice:nUsing a 3inch circle cutter, form the sushi rice into cakes. Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and lightly fry the rice circles until golden brown on each side. Leave each side undisturbed for the first 2 to 3 minutes to prevent the cakes from breaking apart. For the carrots, heat the canola oil in a saute pan and deepfry carrots. Spoon some edamame puree in the left center of serving plate and some duck essence sauce on the right center of plate. Place a sauteed circle of rice in the center topped with a stuffed steak and 2 fried carrots on the very top.nRecipe courtesy Ming Tsai:nIn a pan lightly coated with oil, combine garlic, ginger, and scallions over medium heat, season with salt and pepper, and let sweat. Deglaze pan with soy sauce, honey and lime juice. Let reduce by 30 to 40 percent until the mixture becomes a syrup, about 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool and transfer to a bottle. Store in the refrigerator. Yield: about 2 cups or 32 servings of 1 tablespoon each., ingredients: [1 pound edamame immature soybeans in their pods, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups glutinous rice sushi rice from the Asian section of store, 3 34 cups cold water, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon leaves, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 ready cooked Peking duck from a Chinese restaurant or vendor, 2 scallions, white and tender green parts only, cut thinly on the bias, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon Mings Ginger Soy Syrup, recipe follows, 6 4 to 6ounce filet mignon steaks, 12 cup wasabi peas, 2 tablespoons red, green and black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup demiglace, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 liter canola oil, or enough as needed to deepfry, 12 baby carrots, Grape seed oil as needed to lightly coat pan, 3 tablespoons minced garlic about 6 to 9 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons peeled, minced fresh garlic root about a 1 12 to 2inch piece, 1 bunch scallions white and tender green parts only, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup naturally brewed soy sauce, 1 cup honey, 2 limes, juiced], title: Szechuan Beef Tenderloin Stuffed with Peking Duck, picturelink: null}, 44897: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nTrace and cut a piece of parchment paper to fit the size of the top of the Dutch oven to use as a lid. Set aside.nIn a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the butter and olive oil. Season the beef cubes with salt and pepper and, when the pan is hot enough, add the beef. Be careful to cook the beef in batches if there isnt enough space. Overcrowding will cause steaming, not searing. Sear the cubes on each, and side then remove to a plate with a slotted spoon. In the fat left from the searing, add the carrots, parsnip, celery, onions, thyme, paprika, a pinch of salt and a grind or 2 of pepper. Saute until tender, about 8 minutes. Raise the heat and pour in the wine. Using a wooden spoon, scrape up any bits on the bottom of the pan. Raise the heat to a simmer, and then add the beef cubes back to the pot along with the bay leaves and beef broth. Cover with the prepared parchment paper and cook in the oven for 2 hours.nAt the 2 hour mark, remove the parchment, taste, and season with salt, if needed. Add the barley, and stir in 1 cup of water if the stew looks too dry. Cook, covered with the actual lid for this step, until the barley is cooked through and tender, 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and garnish with chopped parsley. Serve with Crusty Pepper Bread.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush both sides of the bread slices with olive oil and season with a pinch of salt and pepper on both sides. Place on a baking sheet and bake until the edges of the bread just begin to turn golden, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 pounds USDA choice beef chuck, cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup babycut carrots, sliced into 14inch discs, 1 parsnip, peeled and chopped, 1 stalk celery, trimmed and chopped, 12 cup chopped onions, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 2 cups dry red wine, such as shiraz, 1 or 2 bay leaves, 4 cups beef broth, 1 cup pearled barley, Chopped parsley, for garnish, Crusty Pepper Bread, for serving, Half a French baguette, cut diagonally into 1inch slices, 6 to 8 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper], title: Sunnys Beef and Barley Stew with Crusty Pepper Bread, picturelink: ZdZ6tzRMiOU7XXfMmMwUg48UqE4Vlm}, 44898: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flours, baking soda, oats and salt. Pour in most of the buttermilk and mix well, adding more buttermilk, if needed, to form a soft dough. Turn out onto a floured surface and lightly knead into a shapeable dough. Avoid overworking the dough. Shape the dough into a round disk shaped loaf and cut a deep X in the top with a sharp knife. Put the dough on a parchment lined baking sheet and bake for 7 minutes at 425 degrees F. Lower the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and bake another 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the bread from the oven to a cutting board. Cool slightly before cutting and enjoy warm, ingredients: [1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading surface, 3 cups wholewheat flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 cup rolled oats, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups buttermilk], title: Soda Bread, picturelink: VvaI4A5UNjqZz5hAtl5KZX21KBMBh2K}, 44899: {instructions: Add the coconut oil to a large skillet. Add enough vegetable oil to come about a third of the way up the sides of the skillet and heat over mediumhigh heat until very hot.nLine a baking sheet with paper towels. Mix together the brown sugar, paprika, cayenne and salt in a small bowl and set aside.nAdd the plantain slices to the oil in batches and fry until golden brown on the outside, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oil and smash to a chip size with a wooden mallet or rolling pin. Return the plantains to the oil in small batches again so they do not stick together and cook for another 3 minutes. Transfer the chips to the towellined baking sheet and top with the seasoning mixture., ingredients: [3 tablespoons coconut oil, melted, Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Pinch salt, 3 green plantains, cut into 12inchthick slices], title: Sweet and Spicy Plantain Chips, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 44900: {instructions: Pot Roast: Preheat oven to 275 degrees. Place roast in a pan and season with tomato paste, garlic, bay leaves, pepper, salt and onion salt. Put 1 12inche of water in the bottom of the pan. Surround the roast with 12inch cubes or stew cuts of fresh vegetables.nCover the roast pan with another interlocking roast pan of the same size and roast for 2 hours. Then turn over and cook for another 2 to 2 12 hours.nGravy: Separate the vegetables from the natural gravy stock. Pour the stock into a heavy gauge pot. Scrape the bottom of the roast pan and add to stock. You should have about 3 quarts of stock, if not add bouillon broth.nSimmer and skim off the fat, then put 1 12 pints of the stock in a pan and add flour and whip until smooth. Gradually add this slurry to the simmering stock until a smooth thickness is achieved. Add the roasted vegetables to the gravy.nMashed Potatoes: Boil or steam potatoes until well done. Place in a mixing bowl and add the above ingredients. Whip, then serve.nPotato Pancake: Rice potatoes through fine hole attachment. Dice onions fine in buffalo chopper and add to potatoes. Combine this with eggs, salt, parsley and white pepper. Add 2pounds of flour and check consistency then add baking powder. If batter seems too loose or watery, add more flour until thick but not too stiff. In a large skillet, add enough vegetable oil so that when melted it will equal about 18inch in bottom. Oil must be very hot before using or pancakes will turn out greasy. Spoon batter into pan about 2ounce ovals. When brown, place on paper towel to absorb excess oil., ingredients: [1 10 to 12 pound bolar roast, chuck roast, hand tied tight to a 4inch diameter, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 kernels fresh garlic, smashed, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon pure ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon onion salt, 5 large red bliss potatoes, cubed, 12 small carrots or 2 yellow rutabagas, 2 onions, 12 stalk celery, 10 ounces flour, 10 pounds peeled large red bliss potatoes, 2 ounces horseradish, 2 onions, ground, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 8 ounces drawn butter, 8 ounces warm halfandhalf, 1 ounce parsley, chopped, 10 pounds of potatoes, 4 medium onions, 8 eggs, 2 ounces salt, 12 bunch parsley, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 2 pounds flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder], title: Pot Roast and Vegetable Gravy, picturelink: null}, 44901: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat the bottom and sides of an 8by8inch baking dish with nonstick spray.nIn a large bowl, stir to combine the confectioners sugar, graham cracker crumbs, peanut butter, 18 teaspoon salt, and melted butter. Press the mixture into the prepared baking dish and set aside.nPlace the chocolate and 18 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Heat the cream in a small saucepan until bubbles start to form around the edges. Pour the cream over the chocolate, let sit for 1 minute and then whisk until completely melted and smooth.nPour the ganache over the peanut butter mixture and refrigerate until the chocolate is cooled and set, at least 45 minutes and up to overnight.nSprinkle evenly with the flaky sea salt. Cut into squares to serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for baking dish, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 1 cup creamy peanut butter, Kosher salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 8 ounces semisweet baking chocolate, chopped into small pieces, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon flaky sea salt, optional], title: Peanut Butter Bars with Salted Chocolate Ganache, picturelink: iA5ZF0vCnBP6BH4XW2eyewMUgiu7Pb6}, 44902: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the tomatoes on a rimmed baking sheet, toss with 2 tablespoons of the garlic oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until the tomatoes are softened and the edges are beginning to brown, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of the garlic oil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the basil and stir for about 30 seconds. Add the canned tomatoes with their juice and the water season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 15 minutes. Stir in the bread and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes.nStir the ovenroasted tomatoes and any cooking juices into the saucepan and simmer for another 3 minutes. Taste for seasoning, adjusting if necessary, and ladle into serving bowls. Garnish with a drizzle of garlic olive oil and basil leaves., ingredients: [1 pound vineripened tomatoes, quartered and seeded, 3 tablespoons garlicinfused extravirgin olive oil, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup finely sliced fresh basil leaves, plus more leaves for garnish, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes recommended: San Marzano, 1 12 cups water, 12 loaf sourdough baguette dayold or 14 loaf country bread, torn into 12inch pieces about 3 cups], title: Roasted TomatoBread Soup, picturelink: null}, 44903: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat your grill to high. Brush the eggplant, onion slices and tomatoes with olive oil and season each type of vegetable with salt and pepper, to taste.nGrill the eggplant for 6 to 8 minutes per side until golden brown and cooked through. Grill the onions for 3 to 4 minutes per side until golden brown and just cooked through. Grill the tomatoes for 2 minutes per side until charred and slightly soft. Remove to a cutting board and cut into quarters.nRemove the vegetables from the grill to a cutting board and cut into 12inch pieces. Transfer the vegetables to a medium bowl and add the olives, capers, raisins and pine nuts.nMix together the garlic, red pepper flakes, vinegar and honey in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Slowly drizzle in 14 cup of olive oil and whisk until emulsified.nPour the dressing over the vegetables, add the parsley and stir gently to combine. Let the salad sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 medium eggplant, cut in rounds, 1 large red onion, cut into 14inch thick slices, 4 plum tomatoes, cut in rounds, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Grilled Caponata, picturelink: SQuGQbhbIrxzXejydrelJzcXZUtSMYG}, 44904: {instructions: Heat a large deep skillet over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan in a slow stream, red pepper flakes, garlic and anchovies and cook until anchovies melt into the oil. Add thyme and wine. Reduce wine 1 minute. Add clam juice or stock, clam juice will give the dish a stronger clam flavor, chicken stock will give it a buttery personality. Stir in clams and lemon zest. Drain pasta. Add to skillet and toss with sauce 2 to 3 minutes, until pasta is al dente and has absorbed some of the sauce and flavor. Add parsley, pepper and salt, to your taste and serve with bread for mopping up remaining juices., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 to 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tin flat fillet of anchovies, drained, 6 or 7 fillets, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 4 or 5 sprigs stripped or 1 12 teaspoons dried, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup clam juice or chicken stock, 1 can 15 ounces fancy whole baby clams, 1 lemon, zested, 1 pound linguini, slightly undercooked, about 6 to 7 minutes, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, Lots of black pepper and some coarse salt, Crusty bread, for mopping], title: Linguini with White Clam Sauce, picturelink: R0p9Oyj1pnNcLVwM.ucssBBnai8DUei}, 44905: {instructions: Heat a medium soup pot or deep sided skillet over mediumhigh heat. To the hot pan add a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and the bacon. Cook bacon until brown and crisp. Add the chopped celery. Take peeled carrots and lay flat on cutting board. Hold each carrot at root end and use the vegetable peeler to make long, thin strips of the carrot. Chop the thin slices into small carrot bits or carrot chips, 12inch wide. Add the chips to celery and stir. Cut leeks lengthwise and then into 12inch half moons. Place the leeks into a colander and run under rushing cold water, separating the layers to wash away all the trapped grit. When the leeks are separated and clean, shake off water and add to celery and carrots. Stir veggies together, add a bay leaf and season with salt and pepper. While the leeks cook to wilt, 3 to 4 minutes, slice the potatoes.nCut each potato across into thirds. Stand each piece of potato upright and thinly slice it. The pieces will look like raw potato chips.nAdd stock to vegetables and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and add potatoes and tomatoes. Cook 8 to 10 minutes until potatoes are tender and starting to break up a bit. Add bacon and parsley and stir. Adjust seasonings. Serve immediately with crusty bread., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 6 slices lean, smoky good quality bacon, chopped into 12inch pieces, 3 small ribs celery from the heart of the stalk, finely chopped, 2 small to medium carrots, 3 leeks, trimmed of rough tops and roots, 1 bay leaf, Salt and pepper, 3 medium starchy potatoes, such as Idaho, peeled, 2 quarts chicken stock, 1 15ounce can petite diced tomatoes, drained, Handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Crusty bread, for dunking and mopping], title: BLT and P Bacon, Leek, Tomato and Potato Soup, picturelink: 3vsuqcq0yLYjGrltVtdhoNW9eTsVq..}, 44906: {instructions: In a nonreactive medium saucepan, cover the chiles with water and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let soak until soft, 5 more minutes. Drain, setting aside 12 cup of the chile liquid. Pour 14 cup of the chicken stock into a blender, add the cloves, garlic and cumin seeds and blend until smooth. Season with salt. Add 12 cup more of the stock, the 12 cup chile liquid and the drained chiles, a few at a time, and blend until smooth. Add more stock if necessary.nHeat the oil in a large heavy saucepan. Add the pasta and fry turning until it has turned a deep golden color, about 3 minutes keep nests intact. Strain off excess oil. Add the blended sauce to the pasta in the skillet and fry over moderate heat for about 3 minutes, scraping the bottom of the pan to prevent sticking. Cover and cook over low heat, adding the remaining stock a little at a time to prevent sticking, until the pasta is just cooked through, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish and sprinkle with the cheese and green onion slices. Serve with the avocado slices and lime., ingredients: [4 Ancho chiles, stems, seeds, and veins removed, 34 to 2 cups chicken stock or water, 2 whole cloves, 4 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, Coarse salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil or butter, 6 ounces vermicelli nests, 13 cup finely grated Queso Anejo cheese, Green onion sliced on the bias, for garnish, Avocado slices, Quartered limes], title: Vermicelli with Ancho Chile Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44907: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange sliced tomatoes on a serving dish. Season with salt and black pepper. Whisk together balsamic vinegar and honey and drizzle over tomatoes., ingredients: [2 ripe beefsteak tomatoes, sliced crosswise into 14inch thick rounds, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Sliced Tomatoes with HoneyBalsamic Drizzle, picturelink: rpze8kq1DBmc8HiSQc0sRU0EbDm8G}, 44908: {instructions: Drain the beans and put into a large heavy casserole, preferably enameled cast iron, with bacon, pork rind, garlic, 1 onion, the carrot, and the bouquet garni. Cover with the 10 cups of water and bring to a boil. Simmer over low heat, stirring often, until beans are barely tender, about 1 hour. Drain and return to casserole, discarding onion and bouquet garni.nAdd the remaining onion, the duck legs, demiglace mixture, and tomatoes, and bring to a boil. Add a pinch of salt and pepper, and simmer over low heat for about 15 minutes.nDrain the bean mixture in a colander over a bowl and reserve 5 cups of the cooking liquid. Discard bacon and pork rind. Remove the duck legs and cut each in half at the joint. Season beans with 1 teaspoon salt and a few grindings of pepper.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace half the bean mixture in casserole. Add duck legs, duck sausage, and garlic sausage, and cover with remaining beans. Add reserved cooking liquid and drizzle the duck fat over the top. Cover and bake until hot and bubbling, about 2 hours. Cassoulet may be prepared ahead to this point, then cooled and refrigerated for up to 3 days. If refrigerated, bring to room temperature before proceeding.nIncrease oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Uncover cassoulet and bake until top is browned, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds dried Navy, Tarbais, or Great Northern beans, soaked overnight in the refrigerator, 12 pound unsmoked bacon, ventreche, or pancetta, in 1 piece, 6 ounces fresh pork rind or fatback, in 1 piece, rinsed well, 10 cloves garlic, 1 medium onion, halved, plus 1 medium onion, halved, 1 carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 bouquet garni: 5 parsley sprigs, 3 celery leaves, 1 sprig thyme, 1 bay leaf, 5 whole cloves, and 10 peppercorns, tied in cheesecloth, 10 cups water, 4 confit duck legs, 3 cups duck and veal demiglace, dissolved in 3 cups water, 2 large tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 links 8 12 ounces duck and Armagnac sausages, lightly browned, then halved crosswise, 12 pound fresh garlic sausage, cut into 8 slices, 14 cup rendered duck fat, melted], title: Cassoulet, picturelink: null}, 44909: {instructions: Make the aubergine puree by grilling the aubergines until the skins are charred and starting to blister which should mean that the pulp inside is soft. Leave to cool slightly then remove the skin by rubbing gently under cold water. In a blender or food processor liquidize with the olive oil and then blend in the garlic, lemon juice, 2 tablespoons parsley, salt and pepper. Pour the puree into a bowl.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the peppers in half, remove the stalk and seeds, brush the inside with the remaining olive oil and bake in the oven for about 30 minutes. A quarter of an hour before serving, fill the pepper halves with the aubergine puree, replace in the oven to warm through.nAfter 15 minutes remove the peppers from the oven, sprinkle with remaining parsley and serve with plain toasted bread fingers., ingredients: [3 mediumsized aubergines eggplants, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large clove garlic, finely chopped, Juice of 1 large lemon, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large red bell peppers], title: Red Peppers Stuffed with Aubergine Puree, picturelink: null}, 44910: {instructions: Preheat outdoor smoker to approximately 225 degrees F.nRinse chicken with cold water and pat dry.nCombine oil, BBQ rub, chipotle powder and lemon pepper in a small bowl. Use a brush to coat the entire chicken in the mixture.nPlace chicken in the smoker and smoke until internal temperature of chicken reaches 180 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 3 hours.nBrush with BBQ just before serving, if desired.nIn a small saucepan, combine all ingredients and bring to a simmer for flavors to combine., ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound chicken, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons BBQ Dry Rub seasoning blend, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper powder, 12 tablespoon lemon pepper, Sweet and Smoky BBQ sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup BBQ sauce original recipe, 1 tablespoon apple cider, 1 teaspoon chipotle pepper powder, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Smoked Chicken, picturelink: null}, 44911: {instructions: Line a 12 12 x 4 12inch sharpedged loaf pan with enough foil to hang over the sides about 3 inches. Chop the chocolate into small pieces and melt with the butter in the top of a double boiler or in a bowl over simmering water. Remove from the heat and stir in the Kahlua. Whisk in the egg yolks until well combined.nWhisk the egg whites until soft peaks form. Gently fold the whites into the chocolate mixture in two stages.nPour into the prepared pan, tap on the counter to remove air, smooth top, and cover with plastic wrap touching the top surface. Chill 6 hours or overnight.nTo serve, remove the plastic wrap and invert onto a serving platter. The chocolate should release easily. Remove the foil.nCoat dessert plates with Espresso Creme Anglaise. Top each with a slice of chocolate. This slices most easily with a long, thin knife that has been dipped into hot water.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar.nLine a sieve with a paper coffee filter.nCombine the milk and coffee in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Pour the hot milk and coffee through the sieve and into the egg mixture, whisking constantly. Return to the saucepan.nCook over a medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens slightly and coats the back of a wooden spoon, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir in the vanilla and chill., ingredients: [3 tablespoons Kahlua, 1 pound 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, 1 34 cups 3 12 sticks unsalted butter, 10 eggs, separated, Espresso Creme Anglaise, 4 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 14 cups milk, 1 12 tablespoons finely ground coffee, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: City Chocolate con Kaluha, picturelink: null}, 44912: {instructions: In a 13inch saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the bacon and olive oil. When the oil heats and the bacon begins to sizzle, add the sweet potatoes and spread out as much as possible to allow the potatoes to rest in the pan in 1 layer. Leave the potatoes to cook until a quick toss reveals browning on the side in contact with the pan, about 5 minutes. Continue to toss and let stand until most sides of the potatoes are golden and the bacon bits are crisp, 3 to 5 minutes longer. Then add the onions, garlic, jalapenos, cumin and season with a nice pinch of salt and a grind or 2 of pepper. Cook the same way, allowing everything to sit in the heat of the pan for a minute or 2. Taste and reseason if necessary., ingredients: [3 strips bacon, chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 medium sweet potatoes, about 8 ounces each, peeled and 14inch diced, 12 cup chopped red onion, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon pickled jalapenos, chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Potato Hash, picturelink: j2vPo6otQ8PY9VwMzAFuB..ppizS2Q6}, 44913: {instructions: In a small skillet combine 23 cup of the sugar with 14 cup water and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring and washing down any sugar crystals clinging to the sides with a brush dipped in cold water until the sugar is dissolved. Cook the syrup, swirling the skillet, until it is a deep caramel, pour it into a warm 2quart glass loaf pan, tilting the pan to coat the bottom evenly, and let the caramel harden.nIn a bowl beat the eggs with the remaining 23 cup sugar, beat in the pumpkin puree, salt, ginger, cinnamon, allspice, and cream, and pour the custard into the loaf pan. Set the loaf pan in a deep baking pan, add enough hot water to the baking pan to reach halfway up the sides of the loaf pan, and bake the flan in the middle of a preheated moderate oven 350 degrees F for 1 hour and 15 minutes, or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Let the flan cool and chill it, covered, overnight. Run a thin knife around the edge of the loaf pan, invert a platter over the pan, and invert the flan onto the platter. Serve the flan, cut into slices, with the cinnamon whipped cream., ingredients: [1 13 cups sugar, 6 large eggs, 2 cups canned pumpkin puree, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 cups heavy cream, Cinnamon whipped cream as an accompaniment], title: Pumpkin Flan, picturelink: null}, 44914: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, and enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Do not cover. Lower the heat to maintain a simmer and cook until fork tender, about 45 minutes.nDrain the potatoes and return them to the pan. Swirl the pan over medium heat until the skins are dry, about 1 minute. Halve the potatoes crosswise. Put the halves in a ricer cutside down and press the potato through the ricer into a bowl. The flesh should easily pass through the holes and the skins remain in the ricer. Discard the skin, and repeat with the remaining potatoes. Alternatively, peel the cooked potatoes and put through a food mill or mash with a handheld potato masher.nHeat the butter and milk in the saucepan over mediumhigh heat until hot but not boiling. Add the nutmeg, if desired, stir into the potatoes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately.nPrepared horseradishnBlue cheesenRoasted garlicnChopped fresh herbsnPrepared pestonReal bits of baconnUse olive oil instead of butternPrepared wasabi, ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes about 4 medium, whole, scrubbed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, 14 cup unsalted butter, 34 cup whole milk, Freshly grated nutmeg optional, Freshly ground black or white pepper], title: Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: ojwszdPNdoDG5bBcI6Aw0NE.jFxQRC}, 44915: {instructions: Remove the husks and the silk from the corn and cut the kernels off as close to the husk as possible without removing any of the husk. You should have about 7 cups of kernels.nMelt the butter in a large, heavy saute pan. Add the corn, salt, and pepper and saute uncovered on mediumlow heat for 8 to 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until all the starchiness in the corn is gone. Taste, for salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [8 to 10 ears of corn on the cob yellow or white corn, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Fresh Corn, picturelink: null}, 44916: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Split each fillet in 12 to make a top and bottom portion of the fish. Lightly season the bottom portions with salt and pepper. Place 4 ounces crab stuffing on bottom portion. Place the top portion of fish on top of crab stuffing. Place in a baking dish. Sprinkle lightly with salt, pepper, bread crumbs, and paprika. Top with melted butter so as to moisten all of the crumbs. Place a little water in the baking dish. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until done. Garnish with parsley and lemon wedges.nBeing careful to not break apart lumps, pick the crabmeat free of shells. Refrigerate in mixing bowl. Whisk together the egg, mayonnaise, apple cider vinegar, and sugar, and set aside or refrigerate if not used immediately.nThoroughly combine the dry ingredients. Mix dry ingredients into the crab meat, trying not to break up or mash the lumps of crab. Gently work the wet ingredients into the mix. Chill immediately., ingredients: [6 flounder fillets, 9 ounces each, Salt, White pepper, 24 ounces Lynnhaven Crab Stuffing, recipe follows, 1 cup toasted bread crumbs, Paprika, 14 cup melted butter, 2 tablespoons to 14 cup water, Parsley leaves, for garnish, Lemon wedges, for garnish, 14 ounces blue crab backfin crabmeat, 1 58 ounces blue crab claw meat, 1 egg, beaten, 1 14 ounces high quality mayonnaise, by volume, 38ounce apple cider vinegar, 1 14 teaspoons sugar, 38 teaspoon Old Bay seasoning, 18 teaspoon salt, Pinch white pepper, 1 14 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons cornstarch, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 14 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 14 teaspoons dry parsley flakes, 1 cup Japanese bread crumbs panko], title: Stuffed Flounder, picturelink: null}, 44917: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook until browned, about 2 minutes, then add the pork. Cook the pork for 3 to 4 minutes, crumbling it with a wooden spoon, add the onions and garlic, and season the mixture with the allspice, paprika, coriander, salt and pepper. Cook the mixture for 5 minutes then add the sugar, Worcestershire, and lime zest and juice. Mix well to distribute the flavors, then stir in stock and tomato sauce. Bring to a bubble and simmer for a couple of minutes.nSplit the rolls and toast lightly under the broiler. Load the saucy meat mixture onto the rolls and top each with a slice of Swiss cheese. Return to the broiler for a minute to melt the cheese. Sprinkle with the chopped pickles and serve the sammies with a few chips alongside., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, once around the pan, 14 to 13 pound chorizo, casings removed and finely chopped, about 1 cup, 1 pound ground pork, 2 garlic cloves, grated or finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons light or dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 4 Portuguese rolls or sub rolls, 4 delicut slices Swiss cheese, 4 large dill or half sour pickles, chopped, 1 bag plantain chips or other exotic chips], title: Sloppy Cubanos Cuban cousin to Joe, picturelink: null}, 44918: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper to taste. Stir in the shallots. Gradually whisk in the oil to make a smooth dressing. Use immediately or store covered, in the refrigerator, for up to a week., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, champagne vinegar, or aged sherry wine vinegar, 2 to 3 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely minced shallots, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Shallot Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 44919: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring, until crisp and most of the fat has rendered, about 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a paper towellined plate and set aside. Lower the heat to medium, add the onion, carrots, celery, and garlic and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until soft and fragrant, about 8 minutes.nStir in the flour and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes. Pour in the broth and crush the tomatoes through your fingers into the pan. Bring to a boil while whisking constantly. Tie the parsley sprigs, thyme, and bay leaf together with a piece of kitchen twine and add to the pot. Lower the heat and simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.nRemove and discard the herb bundle. Working in batches, transfer the mixture to a blender and puree until smooth. Return the puree to the pot and reheat over medium heat.nWhisk in the heavy cream, salt, and pepper, to taste. Divide among warm soup bowls and serve immediately.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 slice bacon, finely chopped, 1 Spanish onion, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 28ounce can whole, peeled tomatoes, 3 parsley sprigs, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 34 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy Tomato Soup, picturelink: uSO8D0KAiidQ2jEuLhO4UK8nwPqGse}, 44920: {instructions: To make the filling: Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Stir in the onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lamb and the parsley, and cook, stirring and breaking up any lumps, until the lamb changes color. Remove from heat and generously season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nTo make the pasta: Sift the 2 cups of flour and salt together into a bowl. Make a well in the center and place the egg and 12 cup water in the well. Work the dough with your hands or a wooden spoon into a smooth dough. You might find that you will need more water if you are rolling the pasta by hand and less if you are using a handturned pasta machine. Knead the dough for at least 10 minutes until smooth and elastic. Cover the dough with a towel and let rest for 1 hour. Divide the dough into 4 pieces. Roll out each piece to 116inch thick with a rolling pin or a pasta machine, and cut into 3inch squares, discarding the uneven edges. Place 1 to 2 teaspoons filling into the center of each square. Moisten the entire outer edge with water, bring the 4 corners together in the center and pinch tightly to seal, then pinch together the 4 straight edges to seal completely take care with this step, sealing the dumplings thoroughly will ensure that they will not become unsealed in the water and lose the filling. Repeat with remaining pasta and filling. Place the manti on a lightly floured baking sheet in a single layer.nTo make the yogurt sauce: Drain the yogurt at room temperature through a very fine mesh strainer over a bowl for 30 minutes and discard the whey. Stir together the yogurt and garlic in a bowl and let stand at warm room temperature until ready to use.nTo make the butter sauce: In a small skillet over moderate heat cook the butter until it is a very light brown, remove the skillet from the heat, and stir in the paprika, coarse salt to taste, and the hot red pepper sauce.nIn a large kettle of boiling salted water cook the manti, in batches, stirring to keep them from sticking together, about 7 minutes, or until the pressed together edges are al dente they will the the longest to cook. Remove them when done with a longhandled sieve or a large slotted spoon and keep warm with a little of the warm cooking liquid. Serve the manti very hot in individual bowls, spoon some of the yogurt sauce, then drizzle some butter sauce and garnish with mint leaves. Pass the remaining yogurt sauce at the table.nDrink: Cankaya Kavaklidere., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 pound ground lean lamb, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 cups allpurpose flour plus additional for rolling, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 12 cup water plus a little more if necessary, 2 cups plain wholemilk yogurt preferably made from sheeps milk, 4 garlic cloves, mashed to a paste with 1 teaspoon salt, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 34 teaspoon fine quality sweet paprika, Coarse salt to taste, 4 dashes hot red pepper sauce, or more to taste, Shredded fresh mint leaves for garnish], title: Manti with Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44921: {instructions: For the cake mix: Whisk together the flour, sugar, dry milk, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Store in a resealable bag in a cool dry place for up to 3 months until ready to use.nTo bake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 9inch cake pans with parchment. Coat with cooking spray.nWhisk 1 14 cup water, oil, eggs and vanilla in a large bowl until well combined and slightly frothy. Add the dry mix and whisk vigorously until well combined and smooth, about 50 strokes. Divide between the prepared cake pans. Bake until lightly golden and slightly puffed and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with a few moist crumbs, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in the pans 5 minutes, then turn out onto a cooling rack rightside up to cool completely. Frost and decorate as desired.nFor cupcakes: Place liners in pans for 24 cupcakes. Fill each cup 23 full. Bake at 350 degrees F until golden, puffed and a toothpick comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through. Cool completely before frosting as desired., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 14 cups sugar, 13 cup instant nonfat dry milk, such as Carnation, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract], title: Homemade Yellow Cake Mix, picturelink: jdtH8x61M36Z9DYkPHamC1IQVP921S}, 44922: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into wine glasses and serve., ingredients: [1 cup strong brewed coffee, 2 cups nonfat vanilla frozen yogurt, 2 fresh bananas, frozen and sliced, 1 tablespoon hazelnut flavored or almond flavored syrup], title: Cafe du Monde Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 44923: {instructions: First season the meat with olive oil, salt and fresh ground black pepper, then in a smoking hot cast iron pan sear both sides of the shank. Remove the veal and set aside. Add in the mirepoix, garlic, anchovy and tomato paste, caramelize all the ingredients together, add the Barolo to the pan to deglaze. Add the veal stock to the pan and reduce by 14. When reduced, pour the simmering liquid over the 4 veal shanks in a roasting pan, add the diced tomato and parsley. Cover first with plastic wrap then with aluminum foil, place in a preheated 325 degree oven for 3 12 hours. Check for fork tenderness. Garnish with the gremolata and shaved, roasted parsnips and carrots. Gremolata: chopped parsley, lemon zest, bread crumbs, anchovy Reduce braising liquid by 14, season and pour over shanks., ingredients: [4 14ounce fresh veal shanks, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 pound mirepoix onion, carrot, and celery, diced 14inch, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 anchovy fillets, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup Barolo wine, 2 quarts brown veal stock, 4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped 14inch, 1 bunch Italian parsley, washed and chopped fine], title: Veal Osso Buco, picturelink: null}, 44924: {instructions: Combine the milk with the heavy cream and bring them to simmer. Put the chocolate chips into a bowl and pour it in the boiling milkcream mixture. Stir with a rubber spatula until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is perfectly smooth. Take off the flame and swirl in the butter. Keep it warm for service., ingredients: [10.5 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips, 9 ounces milk, 1.75 ounces heavy cream, 1.75 ounces butter], title: Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44925: {instructions: Coarsely grind the pork meat and fatback together into a large bowl. Add the salt, black pepper, dried sage, cayenne, sugar and water and quickly but thoroughly mix to combine. In a hot skillet fry a tablespoon of the sausage until done, taste and adjust seasoning if necessary. Shape sausage into patties. In a skillet fry patties until browned on both sides and no longer pink in the center. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds lean pork shoulderbutt or trimmings, 12 pound pork fatback, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons dried sage, crumbled fine, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup water], title: Basic Homemade Country Sausage, picturelink: null}, 44926: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 wooden sticksnCombine all the ingredients together, except for the apples, in a large saucepan, and stir with a wooden spoon over a medium heat until all the sugar has dissolved and is not gritty. Use a wet pastry brush to wipe around the sides of the pan to dissolve any sugar crystals that may form.nClip a candy thermometer on to the side of the pan and bring the sugar mixture to a rolling boil over medium heat, and cook until the thermometer reads 236 degrees F. Pour into a stainless steel bowl and allow it to cool to 200 degrees F.nWhile the syrup is cooling, push a wooden stick into each apple from the top through the core. The stick should be deep enough so it wont fall off when you dip the apple into the caramel.nLine a cookie sheet with a silicone baking mat or waxed paper.nDip each apple into the 200 degrees F caramel, watching carefully, so as not to dip your fingers into the caramel. Remove the excess caramel by turning the apples over the caramel bowl and then transfer to the cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining apples.nChill for 15 minutes, then remove them from the silicon mat or waxed paper. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 pound dark brown sugar, 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup dark corn syrup, 12 cup maple syrup, 2 teaspoons dark molasses, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 apples, room temperature], title: Caramel Apples, picturelink: null}, 44927: {instructions: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine the sugar and cornstarch. Slowly add the milk, whisking until combined. Cook until the mixture boils and begins to thicken. Add the chocolate. Temper the egg yolk with some of the chocolate mixture and pour the yolk into the saucepan. Cook, stirring constantly, over low heat until smooth and thick. Remove from heat and stir in the almond extract. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with fresh strawberries, pound cake chunks, cheesecake chunks, and cookies., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 cups milk, 5 ounces milk chocolate chips, 1 egg yolk, beaten, 12 teaspoon almond extract, Fresh strawberries, Pound cake pieces, for garnish, Cheesecake pieces, for garnish, Cookies, for garnish], title: ChocolateAlmond Pudding Fondue, picturelink: FFGVqI.mx5XYFG2fDnXSSzyMcWW}, 44928: {instructions: For the whoopie pies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking trays with parchment paper. In a bowl, mix the flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Set aside.nDrain the cherry syrup into a liquid measuring cup there should be about 34 cup and cut the cherries in half. Set aside.nIn a larger bowl with an electric mixer, cream together the sugar and butter. Add the food coloring, vanilla and egg and beat until creamy. Add the dry ingredients alternating with the cherry syrup.nDrop about 1 tablespoon of dough per cookie on the baking trays, spaced about 2 inches apart. Bake until the cookies spring back like a cupcake when pressed, about 10 minutes. Allow to cool for a few minutes on the baking trays, and then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nFor the coconut cream: Sprinkle the gelatin over 2 tablespoons cold water and allow to bloom. Set aside.nIn a saucepan, heat the cream. Meanwhile, using a stand or hand mixer, beat the sugar and egg yolks until pale and creamy, about 5 minutes.nPour the hot cream slowly into the egg and sugar mixture, mixing constantly. Transfer to the saucepan and continue cooking on low heat, mixing constantly, until it thickens, about 15 minutes do not allow to boil. Remove from the heat, add the gelatin and mix until completely melted. Set aside in the refrigerator until thick, about 4 hours.nBeat the thickened mixture until creamy with the toasted coconut and extract.nTo assemble: Spread the flat side of each cookie with 1 teaspoon of coconut cream. Top half of the cookies with about 4 cherry halves. Sandwich the cherrytopped cookies with the remaining cookies, and press slightly to push the filling to the edges. Roll the edges in the toasted coconut. Refrigerate for up to 3 days., ingredients: [Whoopie Pies:, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder not Dutch process, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, One 15ounce can red sour cherries packed in syrup, 1 cup sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon red food coloring, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, Coconut Cream:, 1 tablespoon powdered gelatin, 1 12 cups whipping cream, 4 large egg yolks, 1 cup toasted sweetened coconut, 1 tablespoon coconut extract, 12 cup toasted sweetened coconut, for garnish], title: Cherry and Coconut Whoopie Pies, picturelink: null}, 44929: {instructions: Gently place the eggs in a pot and just cover with water. Bring to a gentle simmer over mediumlow heat and cook until softboiled, about 5 minutes about 2 minutes for quail eggs. Rinse under cold water and allow to cool completely. Carefully shell the eggs intact. Make a caramel by combining the sugar and 14 cup water in a heavybottomed pot over medium heat. When the sugar is melted and turns a rich gold, about 8 minutes, remove the pot from the heat and stir in the coconut juice and fish sauce or 3 cups water and the soy sauce. Reduce the heat to low and stir until the sauce is completely smooth. Add the pork shanks, turning them to coat evenly on all sides. Add the scallions, ginger, garlic, chilies, star anise, and fivespice powder, and simmer, covered, turning shanks occasionally, until the meat is fork tender, about 4 hours. With a ladle, skim off the fat and add the eggs. Continue simmering, ladling sauce over the eggs occasionally, until the eggs turn golden and cooked through, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [4 to 6 chicken or duck eggs or 12 quail eggs, Water to cook eggs, plus 14 cup water for caramel, 13 cup sugar, 3 cups young coconut juice if using fish sauce, 12 cup fish sauce or thin soy sauce, 2 2pound pork shanks, bone in and with rind, 5 scallions, trimmed, halved, and white bulbs lightly crushed, 3 large cloves garlic, peeled and lightly crushed, 3 or more dried red chilies, 5 star anise, 12 teaspoon fivespice powder], title: Braised Pork Shank in Coconut Juice, picturelink: null}, 44930: {instructions: Add creamer to 1 ounce of warm water and stir to dissolve.nPut chocolate crisps or graham crackers into a blender. Add creamer mixture, soymilk, sweetener, ice cream, and ice. Blend on high until mixed thoroughly, about 45 seconds. Pour into a tall glass and, if you like, top with whipped topping. Mmmmmm, ingredients: [1 teaspoon fatfree or sugarfree French vanilla powdered creamer, 12 of a 100calorie pack of thin chocolate crisps or 34 sheet 3 crackers chocolate graham crackers broken into pieces, 34 cup light vanilla soymilk, 2 nocalorie sweetener packets, 14 cup fatfree vanilla ice cream, 8 to 12 ice cubes or 1 12 cups crushed ice, Fatfree whipped topping from an aerosol canister, for optional topping], title: Cookierific Ice Cream Freeze, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 44931: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMake shell: Blend ground shortbread, sugar, and butter in a food processor until mixture begins to clump together. Press onto bottom and up side of tart pan. Bake in middle of oven 15 minutes, then cool in pan on a rack. Make ginger cream: Sprinkle gelatin over milk in a small bowl and let stand 1 minute to soften. Transfer to a saucepan and cook with ginger, sugar, lemon juice, salt, and 1 cup heavy cream over moderate heat, stirring, until sugar and gelatin are dissolved. Cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Whisk sour cream in a large bowl until smooth. Beat remaining cup heavy cream in another bowl with an electric mixer until it just holds soft peaks and fold into sour cream. Gently fold ginger milk into whipped cream until combined well. Pour into crust and chill until set, at least 8 hours. Dust tart with confectioners sugar and serve with berries., ingredients: [2 cups ground shortbread cookies from 2 5 13ounce packages, 14 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 12 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 2 tablespoons milk, 12 cup finely chopped crystallized ginger, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 cups heavy cream, 34 cup sour cream, Accompaniments: confectioners sugar and raspberries], title: GingerCream Tart with Raspberries, picturelink: null}, 44932: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Whisk the whole eggs and whites in a bowl. Add the cottage cheese and whisk until almost smooth. Whisk in the gouda and rosemary.nCook the garlic in the olive oil in a 10inch nonstick ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat until it starts to brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the onion, season with salt and cook 2 minutes. Add the vegetables, increase the heat to high and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes.nReduce the heat to medium. Spread the egg mixture evenly in the pan. Cook, undisturbed, until a thin crust forms on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Run a rubber spatula around the edge to release the egg from the pan. Continue cooking until the bottom is golden, 2 to 3 more minutes. Sprinkle with the parmesan and paprika transfer to the oven and bake until just set, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the oven, cover and let sit, 5 to 7 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve with the bread.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 large eggs, plus 3 egg whites, 34 cup 2 reducedfat cottage cheese, 4 ounces smoked gouda cheese, shredded about 1 cup, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped Kosher salt, 1 16ounce package frozen mixed vegetables broccoli, cauliflower and carrots, thawed, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 1 scant teaspoon paprika, 4 slices multigrain bread], title: Vegetable Frittata, picturelink: FbrJvw3g6WsXCmqaXogMXNaMeirLAdO}, 44933: {instructions: Special equipment: A straightsided 3quart tall glass bowl or four 16ounce widemouth glass jars with lidsnPreheat an outdoor grill to medium heat. Roughly chop 2 of the tomatoes, and put into a blender, along with the lemon juice, mayonnaise, vinegar, honey, cayenne and 34 teaspoon salt. Blend until smooth.nToss the chicken with 3 tablespoons of the tomato dressing and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl.nLay the bread, corn and zucchini out on a rimmed baking sheet. Brush everything all over with 2 tablespoons of the tomato dressing, and sprinkle with about 12 teaspoon of salt. Keep the baking sheet near your grill to transfer the grilled ingredients to when theyre ready.nGrill the chicken until it is nicely marked on the outside and registers 160 degrees F in the thickest part on a meat thermometer, 8 to 10 minutes per side. Remove and let cool it will finish cooking as it cools. Grill the zucchini until grill marks appear and its slightly tender, 4 to 6 minutes per side. Grill the corn, turning as needed, until charred on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Grill the bread until nicely charred, about 2 minutes per side.nKeeping all the individual ingredients separate, shave the corn kernels off the cobs, and cut the chicken, bread and zucchini into bitesize pieces.nUsing a straightsided 3quart tall glass bowl for 1 large salad or four 16ounce widemouth glass jars with lids for 4 individual salads, make a first layer with half the romaine, then add the following in separate layers: half the basil, the chicken, the zucchini, the feta, the corn, the remaining romaine, the remaining basil, and the bread. Cut the 2 remaining tomatoes into thin wedges, and arrange on top. Sprinkle with more basil leaves for garnish. The salad can be put together, covered and refrigerated for up to 2 hours before serving.nIf making 1 salad, just before serving, transfer it to a large bowl, toss with the remaining dressing and season with salt and pepper. If making 4 salads, add dressing to each jar, season with salt and pepper, cover with the lid and shake to coat., ingredients: [4 ripe medium tomatoes, Juice of 12 lemon, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 3 small boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 4 thick slices sourdough bread, 2 large ears corn, 1 medium zucchini, cut lengthwise into long 12inchthick slabs, 1 head romaine, shredded, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: Summer Layered Salad with Grilled Chicken and Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: CZEgQxREB1XfQA5PGA20p1Sa1SZDliC}, 44934: {instructions: Bring on the night by melting the semisweet chocolate in the top half of a double boiler over medium heat. Stir the chocolate constantly with a rubber spatula until it is completely melted and smooth, then remove from the heat and set aside. Heat the halfandhalf, 14 cup sugar, and the cocoa in a 3quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When hot, whisk to dissolve the sugar. Bring to a boil. While the cream is heating, whisk the egg yolks, remaining sugar and cornstarch in a medium bowl until slightly thickened and lemoncolored. Pour the boiling halfandhalf mixture slowly into the egg yolks and stir to combine. Return the mixture to the saucepan and heat over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, until it begins to boil and becomes quite thick, about 30 seconds. Remove the pan from the heat and transfer the mixture to a large bowl. Add the melted chocolate, then place the bowl in ice water and stir the pudding until it is cold. Fold all but 2 tablespoons of chopped white chocolate into the pudding. Portion 34 cup of the pudding into each of 4 dessert dishes and sprinkle 12 tablespoon of the remaining white chocolate over the top of each., ingredients: [4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped into 14inch pieces, 2 cups halfandhalf, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa, 4 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 4 ounces white chocolate, chopped into 18inch pieces], title: Midnight Pudding, picturelink: null}, 44935: {instructions: Pulse the black peppercorns in a spice grinder until most of the blend is fine but there are still some coarser pieces.nAdd the black pepper to a saucepan with the cider vinegar, white vinegar, sugar, red pepper flakes, salt and garlic. Bring to a slow simmer over mediumlow heat and cook until the sauce thickens slightly, about 20 minutes. Use immediately, or refrigerate in a nonreactive container for up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 34 cup cider vinegar, 34 cup white vinegar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed], title: Black Pepper Vinegar BBQ Mop Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44936: {instructions: Serving suggestion: Lightly seasoned couscous.nTo make the spice rub: Mix the ras el hanout, cumin, cinnamon, ginger, paprika, salt, and black pepper together in a small bowl. Put the beef into a large bowl, massage it with the spice rub, then cover with plastic wrap or clingfilm and put into the refrigerator for a couple of hoursideally overnight. That way the spices really penetrate and flavour the meat. When youre ready to cook, heat a generous lug of olive oil in a tagine or casseroletype pan and fry the meat over a medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the chopped onion and coriander cilantro stalks and fry for another 5 minutes. Tip in the chickpeas and tomatoes, then pour in 1 34 cups400 ml stock and stir. Bring to the boil, then put the lid on the pan or cover with foil and reduce to a simmer for 1 12 hours. At this point add your squash, the prunes and the rest of the stock. Give everything a gentle stir, then pop the lid back on the pan and continue cooking for another 1 12 hours. Keep an eye on it and add a splash of water if it looks too dry. Once the time is up, take the lid off and check the consistency. If it seems a bit too runny, simmer for 5 to 10 minutes more with the lid off. The beef should be really tender and flaking apart now, so have a taste and season with a pinch or 2 of salt. Scatter the coriander cilantro leaves over the tagine along with the toasted almonds, then take it straight to the table with a big bowl of lightly seasoned couscous and dive in., ingredients: [1 level tablespoon ras el hanout spice mix, 1 level tablespoon ground cumin, 1 level tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 level tablespoon ground ginger, 1 level tablespoon sweet paprika, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 13 pounds600 g stewing beef, Olive oil, 1 onion, peeled and finely chopped, A small bunch of fresh coriander cilantro, leaves picked and stalks reserved, 1 14ounce400 g tin can chickpeas, drained, 1 14ounce400 g tin can chopped tomatoes, 3 12 cups800 ml vegetable stock, preferably organic, 1 small squash approximately 1 34 pounds800 g, deseeded and cut into 2inch5 cm chunks, 3 12 ounces100 g prunes, stoned and roughly torn, 2 tablespoons flaked almonds, toasted], title: Beef Tagine, picturelink: null}, 44937: {instructions: Fill a large bowl with ice and water. Steam the lobsters in 2 inches of boiling water until bright pink, 8 to 10 minutes. Immediately shock in the ice bath. Remove the tail and claw meat, then chop.nMix the chopped lobster, tarragon, celery and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Fold in the mayonnaise and season with salt and pepper.nBrush the rolls with some butter and griddle or toast until golden brown. Fill each roll with the lobster salad and top with the chives. Serve immediately with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [3 1 12pound lobsters, 2 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon, 2 stalks celery, finely diced, Juice of 1 lemon, plus wedges for serving, 12 cup mayonnaise, Salt and freshly cracked pepper, 6 potato hot dog buns or New Englandstyle splittop rolls, Salted butter, softened, for brushing, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: Lobster Rolls, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 44938: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLay bacon out on a roasting pan in a single layer and bake for 10 minutes until just crispy  remember they will be going back into the oven with the oysters so you dont want to finish the bacon just yet. While the bacon is cooking, put the butter, garlic, shallots, bell pepper, celery, lemon juice, oregano, and cayenne pepper in a food processor pulse until well combined, but still has texture. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nRemove bacon from oven and cut each slice into 6 so you have a total 24 pieces. Lay oysters in their half shells out on a large roasting pan in a single layer. Place 1 tablespoon of the casino butter mixture on top of each oyster and place a piece of bacon on each. Bake oysters in the hot oven until bubbly, approximately 10 to 12 minutes. Finish with finely chopped, fresh flatleaf parsley and serve., ingredients: [4 strips bacon, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup roughly chopped shallots, 14 cup roughly chopped red bell pepper, 14 cup roughly chopped celery, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves picked, Pinch cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 24 mediumsized approximately 4 inches West coast oysters on the half shell, 14 bunch flatleaf parsley, finely chopped for garnish], title: Hog Island Oysters Casino with Peppers and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 44939: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nDrop prepared cookie dough by tablespoons onto ungreased cookie sheets, leaving 1inch between each cookie. Press the macadamia nuts into the dough. Bake until golden around the edges, about 8 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 package prepared sugar cookie dough, 1 cup macadamia nuts, coarsely chopped], title: Hawaii 50 Cookies, picturelink: null}, 44940: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet, heat butter and oil over mediumlow heat until butter melts, add plantains and saute until golden brown, and a fork goes through the flesh easily, 10 to 12 minutes. Turn occasionally to brown all sides., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 plantains, sliced in 12 vertically on bias and then cut lengthwise], title: Sauteed Plantains, picturelink: .xpkfJRzhjjuqG3eyNdw5YDdKVvF1yy}, 44941: {instructions: In a 12inch skillet, saute the shallots and garlic in the butter over medium heat for 1 minute, until golden brown. Add the shredded cabbage. Add the wine to deglaze the pan, loosening any browned bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir in the vinegar and sugar. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil, stirring constantly to prevent the sugar from burning. Reduce the heat and simmer about 10 minutes, until the liquid is reduced by 34., ingredients: [1 medium shallot, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 12 to 3 pounds red cabbage, shredded about 10 cups, 12 cup red burgundy wine, 1 14 cups balsamic vinegar, 12 cup granulated sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet and Sour Red Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 44942: {instructions: In a large kettle combine the beef, onions, carrots, celery, garlic, cheesecloth bag, stock, salt and water to cover. Bring to a boil and simmer, partially covered, skimming, for 1 12: hours. Add chicken, bring back to boil and simmer, partially covered, skimming, 1 12 hours more.nWith tongs or large fork transfer meat and chicken to platter, skim fat from cooking liquid and strain liquid through a sieve into a bowl. Return meat and chicken to kettle and add strained cooking liquid. Bring liquid back to a boil and add bundles of vegetables, carrots, leeks and celery. Simmer, partially covered, 10 minutes. Add turnips and sausage, and simmer, partially covered, for 25 minutes, or until vegetables and meat are tender.nArrange meat and vegetables on platter. Serve soup in bowls and allow guests to choose meat and vegetables of their choice. Serve with accompaniments, if desired.nRecommended Wine: 1994 Cotes du Rhone Domaine Gramenon, ingredients: [3 pounds beef shank, 4 medium onions, each stuck with 3 whole cloves, 4 medium carrots, sliced thick, 2 medium celery stalks with leaves, sliced thick, 8 garlic cloves, halved, Cheesecloth bag containing 12 parsley stems, 10 peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 3 sprigs of thyme or 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 8 cups beef stock or canned beef broth, Water, 4 pound stewing chicken, cleaned and trussed, 6 whole carrots, quartered lengthwise and halved crosswise, 6 medium leeks, white part only, halved crosswise and lengthwise, rinsed and tied, 6 celery stalks, halved crosswise and lengthwise, rinsed and tied, 6 turnips, peeled and quartered, 1 12 pounds garlic sausage, Coarse salt, pickles, horseradish, mustard, herb mayonnaise as accompaniments, if desired], title: Pot au Feu, picturelink: null}, 44943: {instructions: Heat the milk in a small saucepan until it is just warm. Pour it into a very large glass or ceramic bowl and stir in the yeast, 12 cup of the flour, and 6 tablespoons of the sugar. Place the bowl in a warm, draftfree place, lightly covered with a cloth, and allow to stand until the yeast starts to bubble up, about 30 minutes.nWith an electric mixer in a medium bowl, beat the egg yolks with 6 tablespoons of the remaining sugar until pale and creamy. Pour this mixture into the yeast mixture. Stir in the drained orange or bergamot spoon sweet, vanilla, kumquat or orange liqueur, and melted butter. Slowly add flour, 1 cup at a time, mixing it in with a wooden spoon, until a mass begins to form. Turn this out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead, adding more flour if necessary to form a very smooth, large ball of dough. Cover, place in a warm, draftfree place, and allow to stand until the dough has doubled in bulk, about 2 hours.nPunch the dough down and knead again for about 7 to 8 minutes. Shape into 1 round loaf and place on a buttered baking sheet. Make 2 sharp slashes like an X on the surface of the dough, cover with a cloth, and let rise again until doubled for about 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. With an electric mixer, beat the egg whites with remaining 1 tablespoon sugar in a medium bowl until they are frothy without forming peaks. Brush the surface of each loaf with the mixture, sprinkle with caraway seeds, and bake until the fogatsa has swelled and browned, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven, let cool on a wire rack, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 1 12 14ounce envelopes active dry yeast, 4 to 5 cups allpurpose flour, as needed, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoons sugar, 2 small eggs, separated, 12 cup welldrained, chopped orange or bergamot spoon sweet, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 cup kumquat or orange liqueur, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup caraway seeds], title: Easter Bread with Citrus Spoon Sweet from Corfu, picturelink: null}, 44944: {instructions: Place rice and chicken broth in a saucepot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and cook rice, covered, until tender and all the liquid is absorbed, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from heat, uncover, and fluff with a fork.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook until onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, oregano, celery, carrot, cumin and chili flakes and cook, stirring occasionally, until carrots are tender but not mushy, about 6 minutes. Stir in black beans and cook until just warmed through, about 12 minutes.nCombine onionblack bean mixture and hot rice in a serving bowl and toss to combine. Garnish with parsley.nExcellent source of: Protein, Fiber, Vitamin A, Niacin, Vitamin K, Manganese, PhosphorusnGood source of: Thiamin, Vitamin B6, Vitamin C, Copper, Iron, Magnesium, Potassium, Selenium, ingredients: [1 cup brown rice, uncooked, 2 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small onion, diced 1 cup, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons fresh chopped oregano or 1 teaspoon dried, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 1 large carrot, finely diced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dried chili flakes, 1 15.5 ounce can lowsodium black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 teaspoons finely chopped parsley leaves], title: Rice and Black Bean Pilaf, picturelink: xcv5VKrhI60FdaiRSX02V9wbY7nXTg.}, 44945: {instructions: Dig a shallow pit in the sand and line it with large stones. Pile wood on top of the coals. Burn the wood for 1 to 2 hours until the rocks are red hot rake off the ashes. Set 1 cinder block on each corner of the pit to form the base lay a barbecue grate on top to make a table.nWhile the stones are heating prepare the herb butter: Mix the butter with the cheese and herbs season it with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to use.nPlace a thick layer of seaweed on the grate. Place a layer of potatoes on the rack and cover them with a thin layer of seaweed. Put the corn on next and then another thin layer of seaweed. Now put on the kielbasa and top it with a thin layer of seaweed. Next mound the clams on top and cover with a thick layer of seaweed. Cover the entire bake with burlap or a tarp soaked in sea water. Keep the tarp wet by pouring sea water over the top if needed. Cook until the clams open and the potatoes are tender, about 1 hour.nPull the husks back from the corn and remove the silk. Brush generously with the herb butter and garnish with grated Parmesan., ingredients: [2 sticks 12 pound unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, 12 cup finely chopped mixed herbs, such as parsley, chives, and thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 pounds creamer potatoes, 8 ears corn, 4 pounds kielbasa, cut into pieces, 8 dozen hardshell clams, such as cherrystone or littleneck], title: Clam Bake on the Beach, picturelink: kIAoW2kC58LrsL4BZrWY04WO724SAG}, 44946: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine ingredients in a large bowl. Whisk thoroughly and transfer to a baking pan sprayed with nonstick spray bake in the oven until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean. Refer to cakemix box for pan size and approximate bake time., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box moiststyle cake mix, 1 12ounce can diet soda], title: Diet Soda Cake, picturelink: Ejz9G8Zz.RGTu7lVHPHDCupbZWUDK}, 44947: {instructions: Special equipment: 36 wooden skewersnRemove meat from pineapple by running a knife along the skin to peel it, quartering the fruit lengthwise and then cutting close to the core of each piece to remove the flesh. Cut the meat into oneinch cubes.nIn small bowl whisk together curry paste and coconut milk. Set aside.nThread one shrimp and one pineapple chunk on to each skewer. Baste with curry sauce. Cook about 45 minutes per side until shrimp is opaque. Turn frequently and continue to brush with sauce., ingredients: [1 large fresh pineapple, 2 Tbs. red curry paste, 12cup canned coconut milk, 3 dozen large shrimp, peeled and deveined], title: Coconut Shrimp and Pineapple Skewers, picturelink: null}, 44948: {instructions: For the ketchup: In a small saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic is softened and fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in the tomato sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, tomato paste, basil, salt and Worcestershire sauce and bring to a simmer. Lower the heat and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until thick, about 30 minutes. Remove the garlic, cool to room temperature and refrigerate until ready to use can be refrigerated for up to 1 week.nFor the fries: Place two racks in the upper and middle thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Insert a wire rack into a large baking sheet.nWhisk together the flour, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Lightly beat the eggs in a medium bowl. Combine the panko and the Parmesan in another medium bowl.nSlice off both ends of the eggplant. Cut the eggplant in half lengthwise and slice each half into 12to34inch thick layers, then cut each layer into 12inch sticks. After all of the fries are cut, drop them into the flour and lightly toss them to coat evenly. Working in batches of a few at a time, dip the floured fries into the egg and then into the panko mixture. Place the fries on the wire rack in the baking sheet, leaving an 18inch space between each fry.nBake the fries until they are golden brown, about 15 minutes. Season the fries with the remaining salt and serve with Basil Ketchup., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced or smashed and peeled, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, One 15ounce can tomato sauce, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped basil, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus 1 teaspoon for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 large eggs, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 medium eggplant about 1 12 pounds], title: Parmesan Eggplant Fries with Basil Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 44949: {instructions: Combine the vodka, lime juice, Simple Syrup, cherry juice and mint leaves in a shaker with ice. Shake until chilled and strain into 4 martini glasses. Top each glass with champagne and serve.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [6 ounces vodka, 3 ounces fresh lime juice, 2 ounces Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 4 teaspoons cherry juice, 10 fresh mint leaves, 8 ounces champagne, 1 cup sugar], title: Royal Blush Cocktail, picturelink: z5akJuU5ny82Cylj0BfuC4Y9rMbGK4O}, 44950: {instructions: For the chicken ravioli: In a medium saute pan, cook the bacon until firm but not crisp, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and 1 tablespoon butter, and cook over medium heat until the onions are tender. Add the red wine and chicken liver and cook over mediumlow heat until cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and set aside.nIn a blender or food processor, mix the liver mixture with the shredded chicken, remaining 1 tablespoons butter, Parmesan, chicken stock and marsala until creamy. Season with salt and pepper.nPlace 1 teaspoon of the filling into each wonton skin, and seal by brushing a little water along the wonton edges and folding diagonally into a triangle and gently pinching the wonton skin closed. Work quickly and keep the wontons covered with a damp paper towel to keep from drying out. Place in the freezer until ready to cook so the raviolis will firm up.nFor the marsala reduction: Heat the marsala, red wine and brown sugar over mediumhigh heat and let the sauce reduce until it becomes syrupy.nBring a large pot of salted water to a gentle boil. Use a large slotted spoon to place the ravioli into the water and cook 4 to 5 minutes. Work in batches.nIn a small saute pan, melt the butter and whisk in 3 tablespoons starchy pasta water to blend together. Place the ravioli on the plate and cover with 2 tablespoons of the melted butter sauce, a drizzle of the marsala reduction and sprinkle of Parmesan and green onion., ingredients: [1 strip bacon, cut into small pieces, 12 yellow onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons red wine, 1 chicken liver, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups cooked and shredded chicken thighs, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, 3 tablespoons chicken stock, 2 teaspoons marsala wine, 32 wonton skins, 12 cup marsala wine, 12 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 stick butter, 1 green onion, sliced in half lengthwise and chopped finely, for garnish], title: Chicken Ravioli with Marsala Reduction, picturelink: GUWuXTZOXbAsquUI1i51cus9UPRiaOO}, 44951: {instructions: In a medium saucepan bring milk, butter, sugar, and cocoa to a boil while stirring constantly. Boil for about 1 12 minutes. Add vanilla and peanut butter and stir well. Stir in oatmeal. Drop by any size onto waxed paper. Let cool and dry in a warm, dry place., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 1 pound butter, 8 cups sugar, 1 cup cocoa powder, 14 cup vanilla extract, 34 cup peanut butter, 2 12 cups quickcooking oats], title: Lauras House Famous Mud Pies, picturelink: null}, 44952: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPop the potatoes into a medium saucepan and fill with cold water until covered by about 1inch. Season well with salt. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer, and cook until a fork inserted into the center of the potato meets no resistance, 20 to 30 minutes. Drain and pass through a ricer or food mill. Stir in the butter while hot.nWarm the oil over mediumhigh heat in a skillet, preferably cast iron. Add the seeds they should sizzle upon contact. Once they stop popping, add the onions and saute until softened.nAdd the mashed potatoes to the pan and flatten with a spatula so that potatoes can begin to crisp. Continue to toss and reflatten the potatoes until there are patches of crispy deliciousness all the way through the potatoes, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, sprinkle with parsley, and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, quartered, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon oil, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon brown or black mustard seeds, 1 medium white onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Crispy EastSide Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 44953: {instructions: Step 1: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray 8 medium muffin cups with cooking spray. In 1quart saucepan, heat taco sauce with chicken over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until thoroughly heated.nStep 2: Unroll dough and separate into 4 rectangles press each into 8x4inch rectangle, firmly pressing perforations to seal. Cut each in half crosswise, making 8 squares. Sprinkle both sides of each square with cornmeal. Press each in bottom and up side of muffin cup turn edges of dough under, pressing to extend 14 inch above edge of cup.nStep 3: Spoon about 2 tablespoons chicken mixture into each cup. Sprinkle cheese over each.nStep 4: Bake 12 to 17 minutes or until edges are deep golden brown. Cool in pan on wire rack 5 minutes remove from muffin cups. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 14 cups refrigerated taco sauce with seasoned chicken from 18oz container, 12 cup Green Giantu00ae Nibletsu00ae frozen corn from 1lb bag, 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls, 1 tablespoon yellow cornmeal, 12 cup finely shredded Mexican cheese blend 2 oz, Sour cream, salsa or sliced ripe olives, if desired], title: Fiesta Chicken Taco Cups, picturelink: NHxA3yuZtwLjLf745IreWsPgSktYY9G}, 44954: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Cook and stir chicken in dressing in large skillet on medium heat 5 min. or until done. Stir in vegetables, soup and VELVEETA. Spoon into greased 9inch square baking dish.nUnfold pastry sheet place over chicken mixture. Fold under edges of pastry press onto top of baking dish to seal. Brush with egg. Cut several slits in crust to permit steam to escape. Place on baking sheet.nBake 30 min. or until crust is deep golden brown. Let stand 5 min., ingredients: [1 lb. boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 Tbsp. KRAFT Light Zesty Italian Dressing, 2 cups frozen mixed vegetables, 1 can 1034 oz. reduced sodium condensed cream of chicken soup, 14 lb. 4 oz. VELVEETA 2 Milk Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry 12 of 17.3oz. pkg., thawed, 1 egg, beaten], title: Grams Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: dN0u0nnlMvfRNDRQkZo4XofFp1xf8ni}, 44955: {instructions: For the bechamel sauce: Melt the butter in a small pot. Add the onion and cook over low heat to sweat them. Stir in the flour and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Slowly stir in the milk and bring to a simmer. Cook until smooth and thickened, 10 to 15 minutes, and then season with salt, pepper and nutmeg, if using.nFor the sandwich: Heat the oven to high broil.nBuild each sandwich as follows: Spread 1 teaspoon of Dijon mustard on a piece of bread top with 1 slice of Gruyere, 4 ounces ham, another slice of Gruyere and then a piece of bread. Melt half the butter in a large skillet. Add the sandwiches and toast to a golden brown. Flip and brown on the second side. Remove the sandwiches from the pan and place on a rimmed baking sheet.nSpoon 13 cup of the bechamel sauce over the top of each sandwich. Broil the sandwiches to brulee the bechamel.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in the skillet and cook the eggs overeasy. Remove the sandwiches from the broiler and top with the overeasy eggs., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, Kosher Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, Pinch of nutmeg, optional, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 slices thickcut white bread, 6 to 9 ounces sliced Gruyere 12 thin slices, 1 12 pounds thinly sliced ham, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, 6 large eggs], title: Croque Madame, picturelink: null}, 44956: {instructions: To make the fries: Peel the potatoes and cut into desired Frenchfry size. Put into a bowl of ice water and let stand for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, to make the cheese sauce: Combine all ingredients in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring, until melted and smooth. Remove from heat and set aside.nHeat shortening in a large pot, deep skillet or deepfat fryer. Drain potatoes and dry thoroughly. Working in small batches, fry the potatoes until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted spatula, transfer fries as they cook to a brown paper bag. Add the salt, pepper, and Parmesan and shake to coat well. Serve immediately with the cheese sauce., ingredients: [4 large russet potatoes, 3 cups vegetable shortening, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup grated cheddar, 14 cup beer, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard], title: Christinas Steak Fries with Cheese Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44957: {instructions: COMBINE cream cheese and chutney in a small bowl until well blended.nSPREAD four tortillas with chutneycream cheese mixture to within 12inch of the edges of tortillas. Top each tortilla with a second tortilla. Spread top tortilla with peanut butter, to within 12inch of edges. Carefully roll up the layered tortillas. Wrap each securely in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for several hours or overnight.nREMOVE from refrigerator to serve. Unwrap. Slice each tortilla into 4 to 8 slices. Serve with additional chutney for dipping, if desired., ingredients: [1 3 oz. package cream cheese, softened, 12 cup Crosse  Blackwellu00ae Cranberry Chutney, 8 flour or whole wheat tortillas, 12 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter], title: Cranberry Chutney and Peanut Butter RollUps, picturelink: gltVMUOf54yNP08DSABSv7mTWlM2q0m}, 44958: {instructions: Tie the peppercorns and dry herbs together in a little bundle of cheese cloth. Combine the liquids in a large pot or skillet. Bring to a boil. Add the vegetables and the herb bundle to the court bouillon ingredients, bring to a boil and cook for 20 to 25 minutes. Reduce to a simmer and add the salmon filets. Simmer, covered, for 10 to 12 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow the salmon to cool in the bouillon. When completely cold, remove the salmon from the bouillon. Drain on paper towels to dry completely. Cover the fish with plastic wrap, and place in a refrigerator to chill for 1 to 2 hours, or until ready to serve. Serve with herb mayonnaise or vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 12 cups water, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon whole white peppercorns, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 small onion, peeled and chopped, 1 carrot, washed and chopped, 2 stalks celery, washed and chopped, 1 leek, washed and chopped, 4 fiveounce fresh salmon filets, all skin and bones removed], title: Cold Poached Salmon, picturelink: null}, 44959: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nShape flour into a mound and make an indentation on the top. Pour the oil into the indentation and add the salt. Melt the yeast in a cup of tepid water and pour it into the middle. Start kneading the dough with your hands until all the yeast is absorbed and the dough feels elastic, firm, and looks shiny. See Cooks note.nRoll it into a ball, sprinkle with flour and place in a bowl. Make a cross on the top. Cover with a cloth and leave it to rise in a warm place for about 1 hour in winter and 30 minutes in summer.nStretch the dough and then roll it out with a rolling pin on a floury surface, until it is about 14inch thick. Cover the surface of a baking sheet with 1 tablespoon of oil. Sprinkle with sea salt. Place dough on baking sheet and press the edges in firmly with your fingers. Add tomatoes, reserving a little of the juice, and drizzle with olive oil. Cook for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and add chopped mozzarella. Tear the remaining basil leaves and scatter over mozzarella. Drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with Parmesan and the rest of the tomato juice. Cook for 5 minutes. Eat immediately.nCut the tomatoes in half. As you drop them into a mediumsized bowl squeeze them with your hands so that the juice comes out. Add garlic, olive oil, salt, and half the basil leaves. Leave to marinate while the dough rises., ingredients: [14 ounces flour recommende: 00, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Pinch sea salt, 1 ounce fresh yeast, 1 14 cups tepid water, Topping, recipe follows, 1 pound pendula tomatoes or 2 12 cups fresh tomato sauce, 1 clove garlic, crushed in garlic press, Extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Salt, 10 ounces Buffalo mozzarella, roughly chopped, see Cooks note, 12 basil leaves, 1 cup Parmesan, optional], title: Pizza Margherita, picturelink: UC0AhNxkEkfH2YXFyNYgxcHLL8u5Imu}, 44960: {instructions: Heat rice according to package directions. In medium bowl, combine rice, chicken, snow peas, onions and dressing blend well. Serve on bed of salad greens and top with almonds and orange segments.nCooks notes:nYou can adjust the amount of ingredients based on your tastes., ingredients: [1 container Minuteu00ae Ready to Serve Chicken Rice Mix, 13 cup cooked, diced chicken, 14 cup sliced snow peas, 1 Tbsp sliced red onion, 2 Tbsps sesameginger salad dressing, 2 cups salad greens, 1 Tbsp sliced almonds, 14 cup Mandarin orange segments], title: Asian Chicken and Rice Salad, picturelink: Kx78ZdnpSBjDJZ8eK5jY8y5MhIzjN4m}, 44961: {instructions: Blackened Schrod:nIn a mediumsized saute pan, heat equal amounts of butter and olive oil over medium heat. In a large bowl, combine all of the dry ingredients until they are integrated. Dip each fillet in the herb mixture until both sides are covered. Slowly place each fillet in the hot oil and saute them until they are blackened on each side and fully cooked internally.nRemove the fish from the pan and set aside.nThoroughly clean the bok choy and separate the leaves from each other. Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil and add the bok choy to the pot for approximately 1 minute. Remove the bok choy leaves and immediately put them in icecold water to stop the cooking process. Prepare the couscous according to the package directions. Finely chop a couple of tomatoes and add them into the prepared pot of couscous.nFlatten each leaf of bok choy and spoon a generous helping of couscous in the center. Wrap each leaf with the couscous inside. In a grill pan over medium heat, drizzle a small amount of olive oil and grill both sides of the bok choy until the wraps are heated through. Remove the wraps from the pan and add salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a medium sized grill pan, heat just enough olive oil to saute the vegetables. Clean and slice all of the vegetables and saute them in the pan until they are slightly tender. In the pan, stack several julienne strips of red pepper, squash and asparagus on top of a slice of eggplant. Generously spread goat cheese on top the vegetable stack and place another slice of eggplant on top of the stack to create a sandwich. Heat the stacks until the cheese begins to soften and then remove them from the pan. Add salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [Olive oil, for sauteing, Butter, for sauteing, 4 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, 4 tablespoons onion powder, 4 tablespoons garlic powder, 4 tablespoons celery powder, 2 tablespoons thyme, 2 tablespoons rosemary, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, Cayenne pepper, to taste, 3 fillets of fresh scrod, Bok Choy Wrapped Couscous, recipe follows, Grilled Eggplant Sandwiches, recipe follows, 1 head bok choy, 1 box plain couscous, Several tomatoes, chopped, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Olive oil, for sauteing, 1 eggplant, sliced lengthwise, 1 red pepper, julienne, 1 squash, julienne, Several asparagus spears, 4 ounces goat cheese, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Blackened Scrod with Bok Choy Wrapped Couscous and Grilled Eggplant Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 44962: {instructions: Combine the tequila, lime juice, honey syrup and orangeflavored liqueur in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Cover the shaker, and shake well to combine and chill the ingredients.nSpread the salt in a flat dish. Dampen a paper towel with some orange flower water and run it along the rim of a margarita glass. Press the rim into the salt to coat. Strain the margarita into the glass. Cut an X into the bottom of the orange almost all the way through, leaving the stem end intact. Slide the orange onto the side of the glass as garnish, and serve.nCook the honey and water in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the honey is melted, about 2 minutes. Let cool completely. The honey syrup can be refrigerated for up to a month., ingredients: [2 ounces tequila, preferably a goodquality blanco, 1 12 ounces fresh lime juice from 2 limes, 1 ounce Honey Syrup, recipe follows, 12 ounce orangeflavored liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, Kosher salt, for the rim of the glass, optional, 12 to 1 teaspoon orange flower water, Mandarin orange with stem and leaf or orange slices, for garnish, 23 cup honey, 13 cup water], title: Orange Blossom Margarita, picturelink: WQ2gmO8mwxk9IxrKnogsHIS69E8OyNq}, 44963: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll the dough into a 12inch diameter circle that is about 14inch thick. Transfer the dough to a 10inch tart pan by rolling the dough around the rolling pin. Line the tart pan with the dough. Dock the dough and set aside.nMake the almond cream. Spread a layer of almond cream inside the tart. Pit and quarter the fresh apricots. Arrange them on top of the almond cream by standing them on end. Sprinkle slivered almonds on top of the tart and bake for about 40 minutes. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPlace the almond flour, cake flour and cold butter in the mixing bowl and mix until combined. Add the salt and powdered sugar. Mix until combined. Add the egg and mix until combined. Shape into a disk, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for about 1 hour to chill dough.nRoll the dough to the desired size on a lightly floured work surface.nBaking instructions vary and will be specified in any recipe using this dough. The dough will keep, well wrapped in plastic wrap in the refrigerator for 1 week or in the freezer for 1 month. Thaw the dough in the refrigerator until ready to use. If you want to store the dough already rolled into a tart pan, wrap it in plastic wrap.nIt is possible to buy almond flour use 1 cup if you do but it just as easy to make your own. Place the slivered almonds no skin preferred and granulated sugar into the food processor. Pulse until the almonds and sugar reach the consistency of flour. It is best to pulse because the heat of the blade will cause the release of the oil from the almonds.nMix in the flour. Mix in the butter. Add the egg and mix until the mixture becomes light and creamy. Do not overmix or the gluten in the flour will overdevelop and the almond cream will lose its delicate texture when baked., ingredients: [23 recipe Pate Sablee, recipe follows, 12 recipe Almond Cream, recipe follows, 10 Fresh Apricots or canned, 14 cup slivered almonds, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 14 cup almond flour, Scant 2 cups cake flour, Generous 12 cup cold unsalted butter, Pinch salt, 34 cup powdered sugar, l large egg, To make almond flour:, 1 cup 125 grams slivered almonds, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon room temperature unsalted butter, 1 large egg], title: Warm Apricot Tart, picturelink: null}, 44964: {instructions: Place fennel in the center of serving plate. Surround with the tomatoes, alternating colors.nDrizzle with oil and vinegar, salt and pepper. Garnish with red onion and basil., ingredients: [2 yellow tomatoes, sliced into 8 pieces, 2 red tomatoes, sliced into 8 pieces, 1 head fennel, shaved, 2 ounces red onion, shaved, 4 teaspoons basil, chiffonade, 4 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces red wine vinegar, kosher salt, coarse black pepper], title: Tomato and Shaved Fennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 44965: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the carrots 12inch thick on an angle.nQuarter the fennel bulbs lengthwise, cut into bulb to remove core and thinly slice, or roughly chop. Reserve 14 cup chopped fennel fronds.nHalve and slice the onion. Fill a skillet with 14inch water. Add vegetables then sprinkle with sugar and salt and drizzle with 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. Simmer covered 20 minutes, and uncovered for 5 minutes and adjust salt. Toss vegetables with fennel fronds, dill and chives., ingredients: [6 large carrots, peeled, 2 large bulbs fennel, 1 large onion, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped dill, 3 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Braised Carrots and Fennel, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 44966: {instructions: Lay a large piece of cheesecloth onto a work surface and put the chicken breastside down onto it. Gather up the edges and tie them with kitchen string. Put the chicken into the pot, breastside up and pour over the chicken stock. Bring to a boil. Skim off the foam that rises until no more forms, about 30 minutes. Add the garlic, leeks, bay leaf, tarragon, thyme and some salt and pepper. Turn the chicken breastside down. Reduce the heat, cover and simmer very gently about 20 minutes more.nAdd the pearl onions, carrots, celery, parsnips and turnip. Turn the chicken breastside up, and continue cooking until the juices in the chicken run clear and the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes longer. The chicken should pull apart easily. Serve pieces of chicken and vegetables with some broth pooled around., ingredients: [One 3pound1.5 kg chicken, About 8 cups2 litres chicken stock, 1 bay leaf, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 large leeks or 4 small, cleaned, trimmed and thickly sliced, 1 fresh tarragon sprig, 1 fresh thyme sprig, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pearl onions, peeled, 4 carrots, scraped and cut into chunks, 3 celery stalks, cut into finger lengths, 3 parsnips, scraped and sliced, 12 small turnip, sliced], title: Poule au Pot, picturelink: null}, 44967: {instructions: Special equipment: Oval gratin dishnPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the sausage and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 6 minutes. Dont fully cook the sausage, as it will be finished in the oven. Drain the fat from the skillet.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and peppers and cook, stirring, until tender, about 2 minutes. Add in the remaining ingredients except for the mushrooms, cherry peppers, and Parmesan and cook, stirring occasionally, for another 3 minutes.nCombine the sausage, vegetable mixture, mushrooms, and cherry peppers in the gratin dish. Bake uncovered until well browned, about 40 minutes. Serve garnished with basil leaves and Parmesan., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 pounds fresh turkey sausage about 8 links, cut in 12, 1 medium red onion, quartered and separated, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and cut into 1 inchwide strips, 1 green bell pepper, cored, seeded, and cut into 1inchwide strips, 1 yellow bell pepper, cored, seeded, and cut into 1 inchwide strips, 1 pound green beans, ends trimmed and halved, 1 14ounce can nosugaradded diced tomatoes, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped basil leaves, plus some for garnish, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces button mushrooms, 4 marinated hot cherry peppers, optional, Shaved Parmesan, for garnish], title: Uncle Als Sausage and Peppers Casserole, picturelink: tydQ2mOvdlmVbuNGddOclUsQQtpVLC}, 44968: {instructions: Combine the sugar, water and mint leaves in a small saucepan. Heat on the stove top over low heat until the sugar has dissolved and the mint has infused the syrup, about 10 minutes. Strain and cool.nIn a large pitcher add the tea, grapefruit juice and mint syrup. Serve chilled over ice and garnish each glass with a sprig of mint. Add the rum to the pitcher, if desired., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 14 cup mint leaves, plus mint sprigs for garnish, 4 cups brewed black tea, cooled use 2 tea bags, 2 cups grapefruit juice, 4 ounces rum], title: Tangy and Tart Iced Tea with Mint, picturelink: null}, 44969: {instructions: Coarsely chop tomatoes, reserving juice. In a large bowl combine tomatoes and their juice, vinegar, 3 tablespoons of the extravirgin olive oil and basil. In a very small skillet heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat. Saute garlic 3 minutes, without allowing garlic to brown. Scrape garlic and oil into tomato mixture and season to taste with salt and pepper. Marinate tomato sauce at room temperature, 5 to 6 hours.nIn a large pot of boiling salted water, cook linguine according to package directions until al dente, 5 to 10 minutes drain in a large colander. Return pasta to pot and toss with remaining 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil and grated Parmesan divide among 6 bowls. Using a slotted spoon top each portion with about 1 cup tomato chunks. Ladle remaining tomato liquid around pasta., ingredients: [3 pounds very ripe tomatoes, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup torn basil leaves, 2 tablespoons finelychopped garlic, 1 pound linguine, 12 cup freshlygrated Parmesan cheese], title: Linguine with Raw Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44970: {instructions: Make Classic Shortbread dough, beating 1 teaspoon lemon zest with the butter. Mix 2 cups confectioners sugar with the zest and juice of 1 lemon. Spread over the finished shortbread and sprinkle with yellow decorating sugar. Slice into squares., ingredients: [], title: Lemon Shortbread Squares, picturelink: Y638aZPM8q97vBnLG1XHAsEspF3E7BW}, 44971: {instructions: Heat the halfandhalf until it forms bubbles around the edge of the pan and steam starts to rise. Meanwhile, in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the egg yolks, sugar, and salt until mixed. Slowly add the hot halfandhalf until combined. Wipe out the pan and pour the mixture back into the clean pan. Cook over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, for 5 to 10 minutes, until its thickened and the cream coats the back of the spoon.nPour the cream through a finemeshed sieve into a bowl. Add the ground espresso beans, coffee liqueur, and vanilla and refrigerate until completely chilled.nPour the espresso cream into an icecream freezer and freeze according to the manufacturers directions. Mix in the chopped espresso beans, spoon into a container, and allow to freeze for a few hours. Soften slightly before serving., ingredients: [3 cups halfandhalf, 6 extralarge egg yolks, 23 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 2 12 tablespoons ground espresso coffee beans, decaffeinated or regular, 1 tablespoon coffee liqueur recommended: Kahlua, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 ounces 12 cup chocolatecovered espresso beans, chopped], title: Espresso Ice Cream, picturelink: rsljmp4xxiI7uNIUlgwSEvbr.FlTm.6}, 44972: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix some salt and chipotle powder together on a plate. Cut a slit in the lime wedge and run it around the rim of a rocks glass and dip the rim in the salt mixture. Fill the glass with ice.nFill a cocktail shaker with ice and add the tequila, grapefruit juice and orange liqueur. Vigorously shake until very cold and strain the drink into the rimmed rocks glass. The margarita can also be served up in a chilled coupe glass. Garnish with grapefruit and lime twists., ingredients: [Margarita salt or kosher salt, for rimming glass, Ground chipotle powder, for rimming glass, 1 small lime wedge, 2 ounces tequila, preferably anejo, 1 ounce grapefruit juice, 34 ounce orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, Grapefruit twist, for garnish, Lime twist, for garnish], title: Grapefruit Margarita, picturelink: Axh4A0eK1FDcjCob.3OK2CYfuzyXjgS}, 44973: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, puree onion, carrots, celery, and garlic into a coarse paste. In a large pan over medium heat, coat pan with oil. Add the pureed veggies and season generously with salt. Bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat and cook until all the water has evaporated and they become nice and brown, stirring frequently, about 15 to 20 minutes. Be patient, this is where the big flavors develop.nAdd the ground beef and season again generously with salt. BROWN THE BEEF Brown food tastes good. Dont rush this step. Cook another 15 to 20 minutes.nAdd the tomato paste and cook until brown about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the red wine. Cook until the wine has reduced by half, another 4 to 5 minutes.nAdd water to the pan until the water is about 1 inch above the meat. Toss in the bay leaves and the bundle of thyme and stir to combine everything. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer, stirring occasionally. As the water evaporates you will gradually need to add more, about 2 to 3 cups at a time. Dont be shy about adding water during the cooking process, you can always cook it out. This is a game of reduce and add more water. This is where big rich flavors develop. If you try to add all the water in the beginning you will have boiled meat sauce rather than a rich, thick meaty sauce. Stir and TASTE frequently. Season with salt, if needed you probably will. Simmer for 3 12 to 4 hours.nDuring the last 30 minutes of cooking, bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat to cook the spaghetti. Pasta water should ALWAYS be well salted. Salty as the ocean TASTE IT If your pasta water is under seasoned it doesnt matter how good your sauce is, your complete dish will always taste under seasoned. When the water is at a rolling boil add the spaghetti and cook for 1 minute less than it calls for on the package. Reserve 12 cup of the pasta cooking water.nWhile the pasta is cooking remove 12 of the ragu from the pot and reserve.nDrain the pasta and add to the pot with the remaining ragu. Stir or toss the pasta to coat with the sauce. Add some of the reserved sauce, if needed, to make it about an even ratio between pasta and sauce. Add the reserved pasta cooking water and cook the pasta and sauce together over a medium heat until the water has reduced. Turn off the heat and give a big sprinkle of Parmigiano and a generous drizzle of the high quality finishing olive oil. Toss or stir vigorously. Divide the pasta and sauce into serving bowls or 1 big pasta bowl. Top with remaining grated Parmigiano. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large onion or 2 small, cut into 1inch dice, 2 large carrots, cut into 12inch dice, 3 ribs celery, cut into 1inch dice, 4 cloves garlic, Extravirgin olive oil, for the pan, Kosher salt, 3 pounds ground chuck, brisket or round or combination, 2 cups tomato paste, 3 cups hearty red wine, Water, 3 bay leaves, 1 bunch thyme, tied in a bundle, 1 pound spaghetti, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, High quality extravirgin olive oil, for finishing], title: Pasta Bolognese, picturelink: sHIKC1gdxwXKnSF5RRL0ynsCEM21yK}, 44974: {instructions: To make the tomato sauce: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F.nCut the tomatoes into wedges and put in a small bowl. Add the oil and balsamic vinegar, and then season with the salt and pepper.nPlace the tomatoes on a rack, and then place the rack on a sheet pan. Roast for 30 to 45 minutes until the edges brown well and the tomatoes become very soft.nPut the tomatoes and all juices in a sieve and drain over a small pot. This should remove the skin and seeds and leave you with a thin tomato sauce. Bring the sauce to a simmer and reduce until the sauce is a medium thickness, about 5 minutes. Stir in the butter. Add the salt and pepper, to taste, and keep warm.nTo make the stuffing: In a large saute pan, add the olive oil, then chorizo, and let it cook for about 2 minutes. Add the onion and garlic, and saute on medium heat until the onions are soft, about 2 or 3 minutes. Add the oregano and bay leaf and cook another 2 minutes, until you can smell the herbs cooking. Add the diced bell peppers and sherry and let simmer 1 minute. Turn off heat. Fold in the bread crumbs until all liquid has been absorbed. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nTo make the potato crust: Using an Asian turning mandoline or a vegetable peeler, peel long thin strings of potato. Put the potato strings in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper and add the cornstarch. Mix with a spoon until well blended and set aside.nTo stuff and crust the fish: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLay out the fillets flat on a work surface and season with salt and pepper. Place a golfball sized piece of stuffing in the center of 1 fillet. Lay another fillet over the stuffing and press softly to distribute the stuffing. Take a small handful of the stringed potato mixture and lay it over the top fillet, leaving only 14inch uncovered around the edges. Press down lightly. Repeat process with remaining fillets.nHeat a large nonstick, ovenproof saute pan and melt the butter. Place the flounder in the pan, potatoside down, and fry until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Carefully flip over stuffed flounder and place pan in oven for 9 to 12 minutes, or until fish is cooked through.nRemove the fish from the oven. Ladle 2 ounces of tomato sauce onto the plate. Lay the stuffed flounder over the sauce and serve with a vegetable, such as sauteed spinach., ingredients: [3 large vineripened tomatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon butter, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 pound chorizo, diced small, 1 large yellow onion, diced small, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, stemmed and chopped, 1 bay leaf, 3 ripe red bell peppers, charred over an open flame, chilled, peeled and diced, 2 tablespoons sherry, 1 12 to 2 cups bread crumbs, Salt and pepper, 2 large russet potatoes, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 fresh flounder fillets per person, about 4 to 5 ounces per person, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, Serving suggestion: sauteed spinach], title: PotatoCrusted Flounder Stuffed with FireRoasted Red Peppers and Chorizo Topped with Roasted Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 44975: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the angel hair pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water.nStir the oil, parsley, lemon juice and lemon peel in a large serving bowl. Add the cooked pasta and toss with enough reserved pasta water, 14 cup at a time, to moisten. Season the pasta with salt and red pepper flakes, to taste. Sprinkle grated lemon peel over pasta for extra flavor and texture. Sprinkle with the Parmesan and serve.nCombine the oil and crushed red pepper flakes in a heavy small saucepan. Cook over low heat until a thermometer inserted into the oil registers 180 degrees F, about 5 minutes.nRemove from heat. Cool to room temperature, about 2 hours. Transfer the oil and pepper flakes to a 4ounce bottle. Seal the lid. Refrigerate up to 1 month.nYield: 2 cupsnPrep Time: 2 minutesnCook Time: 5 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 2 hours, ingredients: [1 pound angel hair pasta, 12 cup Chili Oil, recipe follows, 12 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons lemon zest, Coarse sea salt, Dried crushed red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon grated lemon peel, optional, 23 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 cups olive oil, 4 teaspoons dried crushed red pepper flakes], title: Fiery Angel Hair Pasta, picturelink: null}, 44976: {instructions: 1. In large mixing bowl combine 2 cups flour and yeast. In saucepan, heat and stir milk, 3 tablespoons butter, granulated sugar and salt just until warm 120 degrees F to 130 degrees F add to flour mixture along with egg.n2. Beat with electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds scraping bowl. Increase speed to medium high mix until dough is soft and pulls away from the sides of the bowl. If dough is too wet, add a little flour up to 14 cup. Beat on high speed 3 minutes.n3. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Knead to make a soft dough that is smooth and elastic 2 to 3 minutes. Let rest for a few minutes before rolling.n4. Combine brown sugar and cinnamon in small bowl mix well.n5. Roll out dough to 12 x 8inch rectangle. Brush with remaining 2 tablespoons softened butter and sprinkle with brown sugar mixture. Loosely roll dough starting from long side into long tube. Cut tube crosswise into 9 rolls.n6. For topping, combine butter, brown sugar, corn syrup and water in small bowl mix to combine. Spread mixture in lightly greased 8 or 9inch round baking pan. Sprinkle with pecans.n7. Place rolls cutside down in prepared pan 1inch apart. Cover loosely with plastic wrap set aside until almost doubled in size about 1 hour.n8. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Bake 20 to 22 minutes. Remove from oven cool 1 minute. Loosen and turn out onto serving plate. Cool slightly serve warm., ingredients: [Dough:, 22 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 package 14 oz. rapidrise or quickrise yeast, 12 cup milk, 5 tablespoons butter, softened, divided, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, beaten, 14 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, Topping:, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 2 teaspoons water, 1 package 2 oz. Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Pecan Halves, coarsely chopped], title: Pecan Caramel Rolls, picturelink: null}, 44977: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and salt it generously.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the panko and cook, stirring, until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Immediately transfer to a bowl, stir in the oregano, season the crumbs lightly with salt, and set aside. Wipe out the skillet.nDrop the pasta into the boiling water, stir, and cook until just al dente, according to package instructions.nReturn the skillet to medium heat and add the remaining olive oil and the pancetta. Cook, stirring frequently, until golden brown and crisp. Transfer to a small bowl using a slotted spoon and set aside. Add the onions to the skillet and cook, stirring, until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the garlic and red chili flakes and cook for about 2 minutes more.nIncrease the heat to mediumhigh and pour in the wine. Let it simmer until nearly evaporated, about 1 minute. Add the clams with their liquor and cook, stirring, until the clams are cooked through, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Stir in the butter, if using, lemon zest, parsley and reserved pancetta and toss until melted and hot.nRemove about 12 cup of the pasta cooking water and reserve drain the linguine and toss it in the skillet. Toss the pasta with the clam sauce using tongs until evenly coated and combined, adding some pasta water or olive oil if the mixture is too dry. Season the pasta with a little salt, if desired, and a healthy grind of black pepper.nTransfer the pasta to a serving platter and scatter some of the breadcrumbs evenly over it. Serve immediately with more breadcrumbs passed at the table., ingredients: [Small handful fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, roughly torn, 1 cup dried panko breadcrumbs, 13 cup fresh oregano leaves, chopped, 1 pound dried linguine pasta, 4 ounces pancetta, diced, 12 small yellow onion, finely chopped, 1 large clove garlic, minced, Pinch red chili flakes, 13 cup dry white wine, 12 fresh Littleneck clams, with their liquor, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, optional, Finely grated zest of 12 lemon, Freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more as needed], title: Clams Casino Linguine, picturelink: null}, 44978: {instructions: Dissolve sugar and arrowroot in water. Add coconut milk and cook on low heat, stirring constantly until thick and shiny, about 2025 minutes. Pour into a greased 8inch square pan and let cool at room temperature until firm. When cool, serve right away or chill in fridge. Before serving, slice into squares., ingredients: [2 cups coconut milk, 1 cup water, 6 tbsp sugar, 6 tbsp arrowroot or cornstarch], title: Haupia, picturelink: null}, 44979: {instructions: 1. For the crust: Line a 9by9inch baking pan or casserole with aluminum foil, with long flaps hanging over each edge.n2. Pulse 15 of the pretzels in a food processor until you have fine crumbs. You should have 1 cup. Crush the remaining 10 pretzels into large chunks by hand and set aside for topping the fudge.n3. Put the chocolate and butter in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring a saucepan filled with an inch or so of water to a very slow simmer over medium to mediumlow heat. Set the bowl over the saucepan but not touching the water. Stir occasionally until the chocolate and butter melt, about 3 minutes. Add the sugar and egg and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until warm to the touch and slightly thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the pretzel crumbs. Press firmly into the prepared pan. Save the pan of water for melting the chocolate ganache.n4. For the fudge: Combine the condensed milk with the peanut butter chips and a pinch of salt in a large microwavesafe bowl. Cook until melted and smooth, stirring only occasionally, 3 to 5 minutes. Spoon the peanut butter fudge on top of the crust and spread into an even layer. Refrigerate for 15 minutes.n5. For the ganache: While the fudge is chilling, combine the chocolate and cream in a heatproof bowl and set over the simmering water. Stir until melted, smooth, and shiny, about 3 minutes. Using an offset spatula, spread the glaze over the fudge and sprinkle with the large chunks of pretzel pieces. Refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours or up to overnight. Cut into 1 12inch squares or into 1 12by3inch candy bars.nGift Note: Enjoy these at room temperature for up to a week, or refrigerate and serve cold like a candy bar straight from the ice box.nCopyright 2011 Cooking Channel, LLC. All rights reserved., ingredients: [25 thickcut pretzels, sourdoughstyle each about 3 inches by 2 12 inches, 3 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 12 4 tablespoons stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg, beaten, Two 14ounce cans sweetened condensed milk, 4 cups peanut butter chips, Pinch fine salt, 6 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons heavy cream], title: TripleDecker Peanut Butter and Pretzel Fudge, picturelink: null}, 44980: {instructions: Venison Loin: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the steaks with salt and pepper. Sear steaks quickly in a hot pan with olive oil on both sides and finish in oven to desired doneness. Slice meat and fan it out.nServe with Lingonberry Cognac sauce, crispy potato noodles Schupf Noodles, Caramelized Chestnuts and green asparagus.nTo peel chestnuts, cut an x with a paring knife in the flat side of the nut. They can be either boiled or roasted just until the skin begins to pull away. Work in small batches, keeping the chestnuts warm, and pull and cut away the tough outer skin. Clean chestnuts the thin brown skin from the chestnuts. Melt sugar until it is caramel color and add red wine until smooth and caramel sugar is melted. Add cleaned chestnuts, toss, and set pot aside.nSweat shallots in butter. Add orange juice and red wine. Reduce down to 12. Add lingonberries, cognac, and vealglace. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to simmer. Add mustard and simmer for 10 more minutes. Then strain through china cap.nBake potatoes until very soft. Let cool. Peel and shred potatoes through a very fine shredder into a large mixing bowl. Add spices, egg, and flour. Mix all ingredients quickly to form a dough. Now roll the dough into rounds, about 14inch thick and 4inch long.nPlace noodles on flour dusted plate and put in freezer. Noodles can be prepared a few days before the dinner. To finish noodles, fry in canola oil until golden brown and crispy., ingredients: [2 pounds venison loin, cleaned and cut into four 8ounce steaks, Salt, Pepper, Olive oil, Lingonberry Cognac Sauce, recipe follows, 20 Schupf Noodles, recipe follows, Caramelized Chestnuts, recipe follows, 1 pound fresh green asparagus, cooked al dente, 1 pound fresh chestnuts, 1 pound sugar, 6 ounces Merlot wine, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 ounces orange juice, 2 cups Merlot wine, 8 ounces lingonberries, 2 ounces cognac, 2 cups vealglace, 13 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, Salt, White ground pepper, Nutmeg, 1 egg, 5 ounces flour], title: Venison Loin on Schupf Noodles with Lingonberry Cognac Sauce, Caramelized Chestnuts and Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 44981: {instructions: For the soup: In a large saucepan or Dutch oven, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and season with a pinch of salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Add the potatoes, chicken broth, and arugula. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, cover, and simmer until the potatoes are very tender, about 15 minutes. In batches, ladle the mixture into a blender or food processor and blend until smooth. Return the soup to the saucepan and whisk in the cheese, 34 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper. Let the soup cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour until ready to serve. Before serving, adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the croutons: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, toss together the bread, oil, and salt until coated. Spread in a single layer on a small baking sheet. Bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes.nTo serve: Ladle the soup into small bowls. Garnish with croutons and cherry tomatoes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large or 4 small shallots, thinly sliced, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 pounds about 2 medium russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 34inch pieces, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup arugula, 12 cup mascarpone, at room temperature, 2 12inch thick slices sourdough or multigrain bread, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 cherry or grape tomatoes, quartered], title: Italian Vichyssoise, picturelink: null}, 44982: {instructions: Heat the butter in a saucepot over medium heat. Add the chiles, ginger and whites of the scallions and stir 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock, rice, coconut and lime zest. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cover. Cook 17 to 18 minutes. Add in the chickpeas in the last 5 minutes of cooking. Finish the rice by stirring in the lime juice, the greens of the scallions and cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 Fresno chile, sliced, One 2inch piece ginger, grated, 1 bunch scallions, whites and greens thinly sliced, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup white rice, 34 cup unsweetened coconut, Zest and juice of 1 lime, 1 can chickpeas, drained, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: CoconutGinger Rice with Chickpeas and Chiles, picturelink: BMWemK8MpwHCdPuvC2IwrfFwqOrMoq}, 44983: {instructions: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees. Prepare the spoon bread: Cook the bacon in a skillet until just crisp transfer to a papertowellined plate with a slotted spoon, leaving the drippings in the pan. Grease a 6cup shallow baking dish with some of the drippings and dust with 2 teaspoons cornmeal. Place on a baking sheet.nAdd the milk to the remaining drippings in the skillet and bring to a boil over high heat. Whisking constantly, gradually pour in the remaining cornmeal. Add 1 teaspoon salt, the sugar and cayenne. Lower the heat and simmer, whisking, until thickened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the corn, scallions and bacon remove from the heat.nBeat the eggs with a mixer until very pale and fluffy, about 5 minutes add the baking powder. Stir a quarter of the whipped eggs into the cornmeal mixture, then carefully fold in the rest. Pour the batter into the prepared baking dish bake until puffed and golden, about 50 minutes.nPrepare the tomatoes: Toss the tomatoes, olive oil and herbs in a bowl with salt and black pepper to taste set aside for at least 5 minutes. Let the spoon bread rest 10 minutes serve with the tomatoes.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [4 strips bacon, diced, 1 cup stoneground cornmeal, 2 34 cups whole milk, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 2 cups corn kernels from 2 ears corn, 4 scallions, finely chopped, 4 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 pound tomatoes, chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped mixed fresh herbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: CornBacon Spoon Bread with Tomatoes, picturelink: xCUhKzIwAH.tBu5oSs.aBxDLrmiqwMi}, 44984: {instructions: Finely grate the zest from 4 of the lemons, then pulse in a mini food processor with 3 tablespoons salt. Squeeze the juice from 2 of the zested lemons into a large bowl add the lemongrass, olive oil, Sriracha, garlic, fish sauce, brown sugar and 1 teaspoon of the lemon salt. Thinly slice the 2 remaining lemons and add to the bowl.nUsing kitchen shears, cut through the shrimp shells along the outer curve, leaving the shells on. Remove the veins and rinse the shrimp. Add to the bowl with the lemongrass marinade and toss cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Meanwhile, soak 12 to 15 wooden skewers in water.nPreheat a grill to medium high. Thread the shrimp onto the skewers. Brush the grill with vegetable oil, then add the lemon slices and grill until they begin to char, turning once, about 2 minutes transfer to a platter. Stir the mint into the remaining marinade. Add the shrimp skewers to the grill and cook, brushing with the marinademint mixture, until the shells begin to char, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to the platter and sprinkle with the lemon salt to taste.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 lemons, Kosher salt, 1 stalk lemongrass, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons Sriracha Asian chile sauce, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 30 extralarge shrimp, unpeeled, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint], title: Spicy Lemon Shrimp Skewers, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 44985: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPrepare the chocolate by melting it in the top of a double boiler, stirring until it is smooth. Add 14 cup 12 stick of the butter and stir until it is melted and blended. Add the warm milk and stir until smooth. Set the chocolate aside to cool.nLine the bottoms only of three 9inch cake pans with circles of parchment paper, or grease each pan bottom only with solid shortening and dust lightly with flour. Sift together the flour, baking soda and salt.nWhip the egg whites until stiff using the wire beater of the mixer. Transfer the beaten whites to a separate bowl and set aside.nIn the mixer bowl, cream the remaining 1 12 sticks of butter and the sugar together until fluffy. Add the egg yolks one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the melted, cooled chocolate and the vanilla. Mix well.nWith the mixer on very low, stir in the flour mixture alternately with the buttermilk. Do this by adding about a third of the flour and slowly stirring it in completely. Then add about half the buttermilk and stir it in. Continue adding flour and buttermilk in this manner, ending with the flour. Scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl and stir again. With a longhandled spoon or spatula, fold and stir the beaten egg whites into the batter until the batter is smooth with no visible clumps of whites.nDivide the batter evenly between the prepared pans and bake for 30 to 40 minutes. Bake on the middle rack of the oven, allowing at least 14inch clearance between the pans and the oven walls. The cake will rise above the pan edges as it bakes but will not spill over and will settle back down as it continues to bake. The cake is done when it begins to pull away from the sides of the pans and springs back to a light touch. Cool the layers in the pans for about 8 minutes.nRun a knife around the edges of each pan and turn the layers out onto wire racks that have been sprayed with cooking spray. Cool the layers completely before frosting.nFor the frosting: Place the butterscotch morsels in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water or in the top of a double boiler. Stir until melted, then remove from the heat.nIn an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the cream cheese until smooth. Add the butter and confectioners sugar, and continue mixing. Add the melted butterscotch morsels and the heavy cream and vanilla, and mix until fully combined.nTo assemble the cake: Place one layer on a cake stand and spread with frosting. Frost each layer completely, top and sides, as it is added to the cake., ingredients: [4 ounces sweet dark chocolate, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, room temperature, 14 cup warm milk, 2 12 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 medium eggs, separated, 2 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup buttermilk, well shaken, One 11ounce bag butterscotch morsels, 1 pound cream cheese, room temperature, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: German Chocolate Cake with Butterscotch Frosting, picturelink: OmKjHEW7bXXRniiCWXLnSts12gr1Mpi}, 44986: {instructions: Make the Cream Puffs: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine the water, butter, salt, and sugar in a large saucepan and bring to a rolling boil over mediumhigh heat. When it boils, immediately take the pan off the heat. Stirring with a wooden spoon, add all the flour at once and stir hard until the flour is incorporated, about 30 to 60 seconds. Return the pan to the heat and cook, stirring, 2 minutes to evaporate some of the moisture.nScrape the mixture into a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or use a hand mixer or mix by hand. Mix at medium speed. With the mixer running, add 3 of the eggs, 1 at a time, stopping after each to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Mix until the dough is smooth and glossy and the eggs are completely incorporated. The dough should be thick, but should fall slowly and steadily from the beaters when you lift them out of the bowl. If the dough is still clinging to the beaters, add another egg and mix until completely incorporated.nUsing a pastry bag, pipe the dough in bitesize kisses about 1 12 inches across onto 1 of the cookie sheets.nDip your finger in flour and push down the points to smooth out any bumps. Bake 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and bake until puffed up and light golden brown, about 25 minutes more. Try not to open the oven door too often during the baking. Let cool on the baking sheet.nMake the Caramel: Pour the sugar into the center of a deep saucepan. Carefully pour the water around the sugar, trying not to splash any sugar onto the sides of the pan. Do not stir gently draw your finger through the center of the sugar to moisten it. Over high heat, bring to a full boil and cook without stirring, swirling the pot occasionally to even out the color, until ambercaramel in color, 10 to 20 minutes. When the mixture is done, remove the pot from the heat and rest the bottom in the ice bath for 15 seconds to stop the cooking.nDip the top of each cream puff in the caramel and place it caramelside down, with the base sticking straight up, on the other greased cookie sheet. The caramel will pool slightly around the puff and will harden and develop a foot. When you turn the puffs over later, this will be a smooth flat lid for each profiterole. Let cool until set, at least 10 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, carefully turn the puffs over and cut each 1 horizontally in 12 using a long serrated knife. Fill each with a small scoop of ice cream or sweetened, flavored whipped cream. Place the lid on top and serve immediately.nEquipment: A pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip 2 cookie sheets, well greased, or 1 lined with parchment paper and 1 greased, or lined with nonstick baking mats an ice water bath and a mini ice cream scoop., ingredients: [1 cup water, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, 1 14 cups sugar, 13 cup water, Ice cream of your choice, or lightly sweetened whipped cream, Equipment: A pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip 2 cookie sheets, well greased, or 1 lined with parchment paper and 1 greased, or lined with nonstick baking mats an ice water bath and a mini ice cream scoop], title: Caramel Topped Cream Puffs, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 44987: {instructions: Slice onions into thin circles, using all of the white and 12 of the green. Saute onions and bacon until the bacon is crispy and the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes.nAdd brown sugar and stir. When that is well blended into a lumpy sticky mess, add the beer. Let this reduce for about 5 minutes, or until it becomes thick and syrupy.nAdd a pinch of salt and several turns of fresh cracked pepper. Add balsamic vinegar and combine well.nCombine the spinach, cucumber, bell pepper, and Gorgonzola in a bowl. Pour hot dressing over the salad, toss, and serve immediately.nMeasure out all grains using a scale. Run the grain through a mill to crack the husk and release the starch a supplier can do this.nIn a 6 to 10 gallon boiling pot, with screen in bottom, also known as a false bottom, add the gypsum to 2 12 gallons of water preheated to 168 degrees F. Pour crushed grains and wheat into the water and stir until mixed thoroughly.nCover the pot and let stand for about one hour periodically checking the to be sure it stays between 146 to 152 degrees F.nHave available another 6 to 10 gallon pot of water heated to 180 to 190 degrees F also on the stove, about 7 gallons worth.nRemove grain pots cover, sparging [spraying], and gently sprinkle the hot water over the grain mixture until you get 2 to 3 inches of water on top of the mixture. Then attach a flexible tube to the outflow of the grain pot masher and turn the spigot on. This opens a valve that allows drainage of the sweet liquid wort from the bottom. Keep a steady stream of hot water sprinkling over the mixture while allowing a third pot to be filled with the drainage this takes about 20 minutes.nOnce you have collected about 6 12 gallons close the spigot and stop the sprinkling then place this pot on the stove. Bring to a boil this takes about 25 to 30 minutes. Once brought to a boiling, start a timer, add the molasses, and boil for a total of 15 minutes without any hops.nAt 15 minutes add 23 ounce of Cascade hops for bittering, continue to boil. After an additional 30 minutes add 1 ounce Fuggles hops for flavor, continue to boil. After an additional 15 minutes add 12 ounce Cascade, 13 ounce Fuggles and 13 ounce Kent Goldings hops also for flavor, continue to boil. Also add copper chilling coil to the boil at this time to sterilize it standard home brewing equipment. After an additional 15 minutes add 12 ounce of Kent Goldings and 13 ounce of Fuggles hops for aroma, and stir for a few seconds then switch off the heat.nRemove the pot containing the wort to the sink, attach a plastic tube to the faucet and another to the outflow of the copper coil, and run cold water through the coil immersed in the wort. This will cool down the wort in about 20 minutes to fermentation temperature, approximately 75 degrees F. You could chill the wort by placing it in an ice bath but this would take much longer.nNext, the wort is transferred into a sterilized fermenter. Shake the container to add air to the wort. Finally, the yeast is added to the fermenter, and an airlock is attached.nYield: 5 gallonsnThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes.nMeasure out all grains using a scale. Run the grain through a mill to crack the husk and release the starch a supplier can do this. In a 6 to 10 gallon boiling pot, with screen in bottom, also known as a false bottom, add the gypsum to 2 12 gallons of water preheated to 168 degrees F. Pour crushed grains and wheat into the water and stir until mixed thoroughly. Cover the pot and let stand for about one hour periodically checking the to be sure it stays between 146 to 152 degrees F.nHave available another 6 to 10 gallon pot of water heated to 180 to 190 degrees F also on the stove, about 7 gallons worth.nRemove grain pots cover, sparging [spraying], and gently sprinkle the hot water over the grain mixture until you get 2 to 3 inches of water on top of the mixture. Then attach a flexible tube to the outflow of the grain pot masher and turn the spigot on. This opens a valve that allows drainage of the sweet liquid wort from the bottom. Keep a steady stream of hot water sprinkling over the mixture while allowing a third pot to be filled with the drainage this takes about 20 minutes.nOnce you have collected about 6 12 gallons close the spigot and stop the sprinkling then place this pot on the stove. Bring to a boil this takes about 25 to 30 minutes. Once brought to a boiling, start a timer, and boil for a total of 10 minutes without any hops.nAdd Willamette hops and 12 ounce Fuggles hops for bittering, continue to boil. After an additional 45 minutes add remaining Fuggles hops for flavor, add the copper chilling coil to sterilize it and continue to boil.nAfter an additional 14 minutes add Kent Goldings hops for aroma, stir, and immediately switch off the heat. Remove the pot containing the wort to the sink, attach one plastic tube to faucet and the copper inflow and another to the copper outflow, the other end runs into the sink, and turn on the cold water. Cool it down to fermentation temperature of 75degrees F. This takes about 20 to 25 minutes.nNext, the wort is transferred into a 5 gallon sterilized fermenter. Shake the container to add air to the wort. Finally the yeast is added to the fermenter and an airlock is attached. This fermenter is allowed to stand for 1 week prior to the addition of the raspberries.nAt the end of the week, take a large stockpot and add the raspberries and 1 to 2 quarts water. Bring ingredients to 140degrees F. and allow to stay at this temperature for 30 minutes.nSet aside and let cool. Once cooled, add this into a 6 gallon sanitized fermenter through a sterilized funnel. Siphon the beer from the previous week into the same fermenter once the raspberries have cooled. If you do not let it cool, you could kill the yeast. Attach airlock and allow it to ferment an additional week.nAt the end of the week siphon the beer off the raspberries into a third fermenter and allow to finish fermentation for 1 to 2 more weeks.nYield: 5 gallons, ingredients: [3 green onions, 5 slices, thick cut bacon, minced, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 cup black strap porter or rasberry ale, recipes follows, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup balsamic vinegar, 5 to 6 cups baby spinach leaves, well washed and thoroughly dried, 14 cup chunked and seeded cucumber, 14 cup diced red bell pepper, 14 cup crumbled Gorgonzola, 8 pounds American II Row pale malt, 14 pound120 L crystal malt, 14 pound 60L crystal malt, 12 pound Chocolate malt, 12 pound Black Patent malt, 12 pound Cara Pils malt, 12 pound toasted II Row Pale malt, 12 pound flaked wheat, 2 teaspoons gypsum, 4 ounces blackstrap molasses, 1 13 ounces Cascade hops, divided, 1 23 ounces Fuggles hops, divided, 13 plus 12 ounce Kent Goldings hops, 1 2 34 ounces American ale yeast liquid, 8 pounds American II Row Pale malt, 12 pound 60L Crystal malt, 12 pound Cara Pils malt, 12 ounce wheat, 2 teaspoon gypsum, 12 ounce Willamette hops, 1 ounce Fuggles hops, divided, 12 ounce Kent Goldings hops, 1 4ounce package California liquid ale yeast, 5 pounds frozen red raspberries], title: Spinach Salad, picturelink: null}, 44988: {instructions: Preheat oven to 275 degrees. Place ancho chilies on a sheet pan. Toast in oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until they become brittle. Remove from oven. Let cool. Snap off the tops and discard the stems, seeds and overleafs, leaving only the flesh. Grind the flesh in a food processor or grinder until it forms a powder, reserve. Toast the peppercorns, coriander, and cumin in a dry skillet over a low flame. Allow to cool. Grind into a powder. Add to chilies. Add salt and sugar to the rub. Strain through fine mesh strainer. If desired 2 ounces each of dried ground lemon and orange zest can be added. This rub can keep 3 to 4 months if covered and stored in a cool dry place.nReconstitute chili rub with oil. Season each chop salt and pepper. Coat with Chili Rub. On a grill set to medium heat or in a saute pan set to lowmedium heat, cook the pork chops to medium, about 5 to 6 minutes per side.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees. Toss plums in olive oil and a few pinches of salt and pepper. Place in baking pan and roast for 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool and discard skins. In a large saucepan, combine butter, ginger, Vidalia onion, garlic, plums and brown sugar. Stir in 12 cup chicken stock, so that the consistency of the mixture is slightly thick, adding more stock if necessary. Add hoisin and cilantro. Adjust seasonings, remove from heat and pass through a sieve.nWhite and Orange Yam Salad: 3 white yams, peeled and cubed 3 orange yams, peeled and cubed 1 red bell pepper, roasted, peeled and chopped 1 yellow bell pepper, roasted, peeled and chopped 3 ounces butter Salt and pepper to taste 2 tablespoons cilantro, chiffonadednPreheat oven to 285 degrees. Place yams on a baking sheet, preferably one made of teflon, Roast for 40 minutes. Let cool. In a skillet, saute peppers in butter. Toss with yams. Adjust seasonings. Saute until caramelized.nAssembly: Place some yam salad in the center of each plate. Place pork chop on top. Top each with some ginger plum BBQ sauce, and garnish with a chiffonade of cilantro., ingredients: [1 pound dried whole ancho chilies, 2 ounces black peppercorns, 3 ounces fresh coriander seed, 3 ounces fresh cumin, 3 ounces kosher salt, 3 ounces sugar, 6 tablespoons Chili Rub, 6 ounces olive or vegetable oil, 6 12 ounces pork chops, Salt and pepper, 6 ripe medium sized plums, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 ounces fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 1 medium sweet Vidalia onion, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 34 cup brown sugar, 1 cup chicken stock, preferably dark, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 2 ounces cilantro, chopped], title: Chili Rubbed Pork Chops with a Ginger Plum Bbq Sauce and White and Yellow Yam Salad, picturelink: null}, 44989: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, combine the shallot, vinegar, lemon juice, and mustard and whisk to combine. Slowly add the oil, whisking to incorporate. Add the yogurt, salt and pepper and blend well. Taste for seasoning. Combine all the salad ingredients in a large salad bowl. Add the dressing and toss until all the vegetables are well coated. Sprinkle with freshly ground pepper, if desired, and serve.nADVANCED PREPARATION: The dressing can be prepared up to 1 day ahead and refrigerated. Whisk the dressing well before using. The salad can be prepared up to 2 hours ahead and refrigerated., ingredients: [1 medium shallot, finely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons plain nonfat yogurt, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 medium head romaine lettuce, light green and white leaves only, finely chopped, 1 bunch arugula, coarsely chopped, 1 bunch watercress, leaves only, coarsely chopped, 1 skinless medium whole chicken breast, cooked and diced into 14 inch pieces, 12 medium red bell pepper, diced into 14 inch pieces, 14 European cucumber, diced into 14inch pieces, 14 cup green zucchini, thinly sliced and grilled, 14 cup yellow zucchini, thinly sliced and grilled, 1 ear of white or sweet yellow corn, husked and shucked, 14 cup coarsely shredded Parmesan use a shredder or peeler], title: Farmers Market Chopped Salad, picturelink: null}, 44990: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the biscuits: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nWhisk together the flour, powdered milk, baking powder, sugar, cream of tartar, salt and cayenne pepper in a medium bowl. Using a pastry cutter, cut the butter bits and shortening into the dry mixture until blended thoroughly. Mix in the cheese, then fold in the buttermilk until the dough comes together.nOn a lightly floured surface, turn out the dough and press into a circle 1 to 1 12 inches thick. Cut out circles with a biscuit cutter or a glass. Place the biscuits in castiron skillets, then brush the tops with the melted butter. Bake until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes, then set aside to cool a little.nFor the sandwiches: Next, add the sausage patties to a skillet over medium heat and fry until cooked through. Set aside and keep warm. In the same skillet, fry the eggs, turning them over to cook the yolks through.nNow make a sandwich by cutting a biscuit in half. Put a sausage patty on the bottom half. Top with an egg, some hot sauce and a slice of cheese. Cover with the top and eat, or wrap in foil to keep warm., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup powdered milk, 5 teaspoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons cream of tartar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 stick cold salted butter, cut into bits, plus 12 stick 4 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 12 cup shortening, 1 cup grated Cheddar, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 8 to 12 breakfast sausage patties, 8 to 12 large eggs, Hot sauce, to taste, 8 to 12 slices white Cheddar], title: Breakfast Biscuits, picturelink: ZPfYy6TMJK2yiFc60Rs7en26Lnz0le}, 44991: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace ingredients in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse until smooth.nServe with dippers., ingredients: [1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 clove garlic, 2 tablespoons tahini, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, 6 fresh basil leaves, 1 medium scallion, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Options for dipping: carrot sticks, sliced cucumber and wholewheat pita chips], title: Green Herb Hummus, picturelink: VXXa2YKkXhsJmUOQyyV4YmGW3zsRMi}, 44992: {instructions: Sift 34 of the sugar into a bowl and stir in gum tragacanth. In a separate bowl combine water and gelatin. Heat to dissolve do not cook, remove from heat and add glucose. Pour gelatin mixture into center of sugar and mix with a wooden spoon until kneadable. Transfer to table which has been dusted with confectioners sugar, and knead until smooth. Coat lightly with shortening, wrap tightly in plastic and store in refrigerator, or freeze until needed.nDissolve gum arabic in water while bowl is covered with a damp cloth. Store in refrigerator. You can transfer it to a small clean nail polish bottle for use. This mixture will be used to glue flower petals to the stem wires or to give a shine to items on which its painted.nnRoll small piece of dough very thin if you roll on a patterned place mat, roll until pattern is visible. Cut petal freehand. Vein with veiner mold, and then use ball tool to thin and curl edges of petal. Use the gum glue to attach 4inch long 26 gauge wire to base of petal, and lie on foam to dry. Form stamen with small balls of dough on hooked ends of 26 gauge wire. With floral tape, tape stamen together. Tape petals, starting with the smallest, around stamen. When flower is formed, pipe centers of stamen with yellow royal icing, and tint petals with powdered food coloring., ingredients: [1 pound confectioners sugar, 1 rounded tablespoon of gum tragacanth, 1 tablespoon of gelatin, 2 tablespoons glucose, 14 cup water, 1 rounded tablespoon gum arabic, 1 cup water], title: Sugar Poinsettia, picturelink: null}, 44993: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute onion and garlic until soft, about 10 minutes. Add roasted peppers and saute until heated through. Remove from heat and let cool slightly. Place mixture in the bowl of a food processor with stock and all but 2 tablespoons of the feta. Process until combined and smooth, about 30 seconds. Cook pasta according to package directions. Drain, reserving 12 cup pasta water. Toss pasta with sauce, adding pasta water by the tablespoon, if needed. Sauce should cling nicely to pasta. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide among pasta bowls. Sprinkle with parsley and remaining feta cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 to 3 garlic cloves, peeled and chopped, One 16ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained and chopped, 12 cup lowsodium chicken stock or vegetable stock, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese or a 6ounce block, 1 pound wholewheat fettuccine, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Fettuccine with Creamy Red PepperFeta Sauce, picturelink: sVNCu.Va7Q7kA4u2jKrRlB7Vduf389S}, 44994: {instructions: Heat the oil and butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 7 minutes. Add the onion and cook 5 minutes more.nAdd the chicken broth and the salt. Bring to a boil and stir in the couscous. Immediately remove the pan from the heat, cover it, and let it stand until all the liquid is absorbed, about 5 to 10 minutes.nUncover and fluff the couscous with a fork. Transfer to a serving bowl, garnish with the basil, if desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 10 ounces white mushrooms, quartered and thinly sliced, 1 medium about 1 cup Vidalia onion, finely chopped, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 cup uncooked couscous, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, optional, for garnish], title: Couscous with Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 44995: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIf using raw beets, wash them clean of sand and dirt. Set aside to air dry or dry well with a towel or paper towel. If using roasted beets, proceed to food processor step.nToss the beets in a mixing bowl with oil, thyme, a few pinches of salt and about 15 grinds of pepper.nTurn the beets out onto a baking sheet and roast until fork tender, shaking the pan occasionally to insure even cooking, about 40 minutes.nRemove beets from oven and set aside to cool. You can do this up to a couple days ahead of time if you store them sealed in the refrigerator.nRemove and discard the skins from the beets. Cut beets into quarters. Add the beet quarters to a food processor or blender. Pulse a few times until beets are roughed up into small but still chunky pieces.nDump the blended beets into a serving bowl. Crumble the goat cheese into the beets and add the chives and lemon juice. Toss together and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nServe with crostini or breadsticks., ingredients: [2 medium beets, leaves trimmed, or 12 pound roasted beets from deli or salad bar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 sprigs thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4ounce log goat cheese, 1 small bunch chives, finely sliced, 12 lemon, juiced, Crostini or bread sticks, for serving], title: Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese Dip with Chives and Thyme, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 44996: {instructions: In a food processor, puree the shallots, garlic, ginger, turmeric, nuts, shrimp paste, lemongrass, coriander, chile, tomato paste, and tamarind juice and puree until smooth.nPrepare a hot skillet coated with the oil. Add the pureed mixture and cook until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, add the kaffir lime leaves, stock, and coconut milk and simmer until the mixture becomes a sauce consistency, about 10 minutes. Remove the kaffir lime leaves and season with the salt and pepper. Just before serving, mix in the blanched vegetables with the sauce and heat thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper and check for flavor.nIn a large pasta bowl, fill with the rice and top with vegetable curry. Garnish with fried shallots.nIn a wok on high heat, coated lightly with oil, stirfry the shallots and garlic until lightly brown, about 2 minutes. Add the ginger, lemongrass, sambal, soy, and eggs and quickly mix. Add the rice, chiles, and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper, if necessary and check for flavor.nToss the shallots with the flour and fry in a 350 fryer until crispy. Remove from the fryer and drain on paper towels. Season with the salt., ingredients: [12 shallots, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 1 tablespoon turmeric powder or 2inches fresh turmeric root, peeled, 12 cup macadamia nuts, 1 teaspoon shrimp paste optional, 12 cup chopped lemongrass, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground Thai Bird chile, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 tablespoons tamarind pulp, soaked in 1cup warm water, strained, pulp discarded, 3 kaffir lime leaves, stemmed and cut 116inch ribbon, 1 cup vegetable stock, 1 cup coconut milk, 1 cup cauliflower florets, blanched in salted water and cooled in an ice bath, 1 cup mixed yellow and green patty pan squash, halved, blanched in salted water and cooled in an ice bath, 2 cups mixed yellow and green squash, cut into 2inch chunks and blanched in salted water and cooled in an ice bath, 1 cup haricot verts, snipped and blanched in salted water and cooled in an ice bath, 2 chayotes, cut into 2 inch chunks and blanched in salted water and cooled in an ice bath, Grapeseed oil, to cook, Salt and pepper, Nasi Goreng, recipe follows, Fried Shallots, recipe follows, Peanut oil, for cooking, 8 shallots, halved and sliced, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 tablespoon minced ginger,, 1 tablespoon minced lemongrass, white part only, 14 cup sambal oelek, 2 tablespoons naturally brewed soy sauce, 4 eggs, beaten, 2 cups cooked jasmine or other long grain rice, cold, 2 cups cooked Balinese red rice, cold can substitute jasmine or other long grain rice, 2 Thai bird chiles, minced, 14 cup chopped cilantro, Peanut oil, for frying, 1 cup sliced shallots, 12 cup rice flour, Salt, Preheat a fryer or deep pot of oil to 350 degrees F.], title: Balinese Vegetable Curry with Fried Rice: Nasi Goreng, picturelink: null}, 44997: {instructions: Mix bread crumbs, garlic powder, salt and freshly ground black pepper. Moisten pork medallions with milk, and coat with bread crumb mixture allowing most of the excess to fall away. Add grapeseed oil to the pan over mediumhigh heat and cook pork leaving each side undisturbed for the first few minutes to allow the caramelization process to begin and prevent the coating from crusting off., ingredients: [1 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1 to 1 12 pound pork loin, sliced into medallions and pounded thin, Milk, as needed to moisten pork, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil], title: Pork Medallions, picturelink: null}, 44998: {instructions: In a bowl, combine vinegar, sugar, salt and 2 to 3 tablespoons hot water. Stir to dissolve sugar. Place cucumber slices in bowl with marinade and toss. Let sit, refrigerated for 1 hour. Plate tatsoi greens, tossed with Ginger Lime Dressing. Put cucumber on greens and garnish with avocado and lime wedges.nIn a small bowl, mix together the wasabi and water to form a paste then transfer to a blender and all lime, juice, sugar, Dijon and ginger. Start the blender and slowly add olive oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 hothouse cucumber, peeled and very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, Hot water, Tatsoi greens, Ginger Lime Dressing, recipe follows, 1 avocado, sliced, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 1 12 tablespoons wasabi, 2 tablespoons water, Juice of one lime, 1 tablespoon sugar raw, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, minced, 2 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoon salt or to taste, Freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 44999: {instructions: Whisk the buttermilk, mayonnaise, Worcestershire sauce, onion powder, onion flakes, garlic powder, chives, dill and parsley in a bowl add 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [23 cup buttermilk, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon dried onion flakes, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Light Ranch Dressing, picturelink: 9yEwvks5Gqd6A9rcG3icJP4iO1Zzz2O}}