{45300: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Lightly butter a 9inch square baking pannIn a mixing bowl combine the dry ingredients: flour, cornmeal, salt, sugar and baking powder set aside. In another mixing bowl combine the milk, eggs and melted butter and add to dry ingredients. Mix just until combined, then fold in the corn kernels.nTransfer to baking pan and bake in middle of oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until a toothpick when inserted in middle of bread comes out clean. Remove cornbread from oven and serve hot or room temperature., ingredients: [Butter for greasing baking pan, 12 cup flour, 1 12 cups stoneground yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder, 1 cup milk, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup melted butter, 2 cups thawed frozen corn kernels], title: Corn on Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 45301: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk tamarind with water. Heat a heavy skillet over medium heat. Add cumin, mustard and coriander seeds toast, stirring, until they begin to pop transfer to a coffee or spice grinder along with curry leaves, cinnamon and peppercorns. Process to a fine powder and add to tamarind. In a blender combine garlic, chilies to taste and ginger and process to a paste. Add 2 tablespoons of the mustard oil and spiced tamarind mixture process until combined. In a large bowl place pork and pour blender contents over toss to combine. Marinate covered 2 hours at room temperature or refrigerate overnight.nIn a large skillet heat remaining 12 cup mustard oil over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and saute 10 minutes, or until lightly browned. Add turmeric, fenugreek, chili powder to taste, coriander and salt cook, stirring constantly, 30 seconds until spices are fragrant. Reduce heat to medium and add pork and marinade. Cook, turning pork often, 5 minutes. Stir in vinegar and water. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook, about 1 12 hours, or until pork is very tender. Serve with rice, garnished with browned onions and cilantro., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons tamarind concentrate, 14 cup hot water, 12 teaspoons cumin seeds, 12 teaspoons black mustard seeds, 12 teaspoons coriander seeds, 2 curry leaves available in Indian and specialty food stores, 1 3 inch cinnamon stick, 12 teaspoon peppercorns, 6 garlic cloves, halved, 2 medium fresh hot green chilies, seeded, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 2 tablespoons, plus 12 cup mustard oil, 2 pounds boneless lean pork, cut in 1inch cubes, 12 cup thinly sliced onions, 1 12 teaspoons ground turmeric, 12 teaspoon cracked fenugreek seeds, 2 teaspoons Indian chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup water, 1 cup finelychopped onions, sauteed in 2 tablespoons vegetable oil until crispy brown, 14 cup finelychopped fresh cilantro], title: Traditional Pork Vindaloo, picturelink: null}, 45302: {instructions: Fill a rocks glass with ice cubes. Next, pour in your vodka, cranberry juice, pineapple juice, and pineapple chunks. Stir with a straw and taste., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 2 parts vodka, your choice, 1 part cranberry juice, 1 part pineapple juice, Pineapple chunks], title: Bay Breeze Bliss, picturelink: n4gNtXWW2MQuWiyZ.ZJ5c9lWy3JDCm}, 45303: {instructions: In a bowl, stir together the olives, the herbs, the lemon juice, the zest, and the oil and let the olives marinate, covered and chilled, for 3 days. The marinated olives may be made 2 weeks in advance and kept covered and chilled. Serve the olives at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound Kalamata or other brinecured olives, drained and patted dry, 2 teaspoons dried rosemary, crumbled, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, crumbled, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 5 2inch strips of lemon zest, removed with a vegetable peeler, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Herbed Olives, picturelink: null}, 45304: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup standard muffin tins with paper liners.nCombine the graham cracker crumbs, granulated sugar, cinnamon and butter in a small bowl. Drop a heaping tablespoon of graham cracker mixture into each muffin cup. Press to create a firm layer of crust on the bottom. Bake 7 minutes. Set aside to cool completely.nFor the cupcakes: Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nUsing a hand mixer or stand mixer, cream the butter and granulated sugar together until fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the bowl between additions. Beat in the vanilla.nWhisk together the sour cream and the milk. Add the flour mixture and milk mixture in three additions, alternating between wet and dry ingredients and starting and ending with flour mixture. Beat just until well combined, taking care not to overmix.nFor the filling: Beat the cream cheese and granulated sugar in a bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg just until combined. Spoon the filling into a pastry bag fitted with a mediumsize plain tip Ateco 800. Insert the tip into the top of each cupcake batter and squeeze the filling until the batter rises to fill each cup about threequarters of the way up the side of the tin.nBake until lightly golden and a toothpick inserted about 34 inch from the edge of the cupcakes comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes in the tins on a rack for 10 minutes, and then remove from the tins and cool completely.nFor the frosting: Using an electric or stand mixer, beat the cream cheese and butter together at medium speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Beat in the sour cream and lemon juice. On low speed, gradually add the confectioners sugar and beat until well combined.nFrost the cupcakes as desired. Garnish with graham cracker pieces., ingredients: [1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup about 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Cupcakes:, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch fine sea salt, 1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup sour cream, 12 cup milk, Filling:, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, Frosting:, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, Graham cracker pieces, for garnish], title: Cheesecake Cupcakes, picturelink: RPLiWGhGfFraRt4GZSyg97lzBChTIO}, 45305: {instructions: Heat olive oil in medium stock pot, when hot add spinach and chopped garlic. Cook until fully wilted, then add chicken broth and reduce. Season with salt and pepper.nGarnish with the Parmesan and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 cups uncut baby spinach, raw, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 13 cup chicken broth, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons grated Parmesan], title: Loris Special Spinach, picturelink: dTOWJ5hhouuZAGOlSK85wSDBx6EOXjG}, 45306: {instructions: Heat the oil and add the shallots and saute. Add the water, bouquet garni and bring to a boil and simmer, covered for 10 minutes. Add the asparagus and simmer 5 minutes or until tender add the shrimp and simmer just until the shrimp turn pink. Add the mushrooms, and simmer to heat through if too much liquid has evaporated, add more to keep level constant.nRemove the soup from the heat, remove the bouquet garni and stir in the lime juice to taste and cilantro. Adjust seasoning with salt and crushed red pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 6 cups water, Bouquet garni including: the stems and roots of a bunch of cilantro, bay leaf, smashed peeled garlic clove, 2 red chili, 1 pound asparagus, peeled, trimmed and cut into 12inch rounds, 1 pound peeled and deveined shrimp, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup canned straw mushrooms or fresh enoki mushrooms or sliced domestic mushroom caps, 3 to 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 cup packed cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, Salt and crushed red pepper], title: Asian Shrimp and Asparagus Soup, picturelink: null}, 45307: {instructions: Lay 2 of the waffles on a counter or cutting board. Place a halfslice of cheese on top of each waffle. Spread some mustard over the cheese if using. Fold each ham slice in half, and place on top of the cheese slices. Layer another halfslice of cheese over each piece of ham. Top with the remaining waffles to form a sandwich.nHeat a nonstick skillet or castiron pan over medium heat.nGrease the skillet with some butter. Place the sandwiches in the pan, and cook until golden on the underside and the cheese starts to melt, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the sandwiches, and cook until golden on other side and the cheese fully melts, about 2 more minutes. Serve hot or wrap in foil to pack for a school lunch or picnic.nMake it Your Own: For an Italian spin on this sandwich, swap in prosciutto for the ham and mozzarella for the Swiss., ingredients: [4 cooked waffles, 2 slices Swiss cheese, halved, Dijon mustard, optional, 2 slices ham, Butter or nonstick spray, for greasing], title: WaffleGrilled Ham and Cheese, picturelink: 1f0S0TDvCl2KhXgMXKlj16077elsYvm}, 45308: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large nonstick saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the ginger, red curry paste, scallions and garlic. Cook, stirring frequently, until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the potatoes, broth, brown sugar and nutmeg and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are forktender, about 20 minutes.nTransfer the soup, in batches, to a food processor or blender and blend until smooth. Return the soup to the saucepan. Stir in the coconut milk and lime zest and juice and heat through. Serve at once.nPer Serving: 220 Cal 7 g Protein 6 g Tot Fat 3 g Sat Fat 1 g Mono Fat 38 g Carb 4 g Fiber 15 g Sugar 68 mg Calcium 2 mg Iron 121 mg Sodium 0 mg Cholesterol, ingredients: [2 teaspoons canola oil, 3 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon red Thai curry paste, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed about 2 12 pounds, Two 32ounce containers reducedsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 cup unsweetened coconut milk, Grated zest and juice of 1 lime], title: Spicy Thai Sweet PotatoGinger Soup, picturelink: null}, 45309: {instructions: Preheat grill to medium heat.nIn a blender, combine the garlic, lemon juice and Dijon mustard. Drizzle in 34 cup olive oil to emulsify. Add the Parmesan and pulse.nGently toss the hearts of romaine in remaining olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 2 minutes, until grill marks appear and the romaine becomes wilted.nRemove the lettuce to a cutting board and cut into 2inch wide strips. Place in a bowl and drizzle with the dressing. Toss to coat and serve warm. Garnish with the shaved Parmesan., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 34 cup, plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus shaved Parmesan for serving, 3 heads romaine hearts, sliced lengthwise in 12, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Caesar Salad, picturelink: bBIpb8sBDjPwjLY3EIJyTP62hfbj6}, 45310: {instructions: Pound garlic, shallot, black peppercorns, lavender, olive oil, and pomegranate molasses in a mortar and pestle to form a rough paste. Rub paste onto lamb chops and allow to rest, covered, at room temperature for 1 12 hours or in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours. Allow meat to return to room temperature before cooking.nCombine onions, salt, pepper, and olive oil in a heavy saute pan and cook, stirring frequently, over medium heat until the onions begin to soften. Add vinegars. Cover surface of onions with a disk of parchment paper and cover pan with a tight fitting lid. Reduce heat to very low and allow to cook undisturbed for 1 hour. Check seasoning and keep warm.nCombine celery root and milk in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer, partially covered, and simmer until tender, approximately 30 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove celery root from pan and put through the fine disk of a food mill. Beat in the salt, pepper, and olive oil. Use leftover cooking liquid as necessary to adjust consistency. Keep warm.nFinal assembly: Scrape excess marinade from the lamb chops and season with sea salt. Roast chops in a wood fired oven or grill over a hot charcoal fire to your desired degree of doneness. Mound 14 of the puree in the center of each of 4 warm plates. Lean 2 chops against each mound and put a portion of onion marmalade on the plate near them. Garnish with a few pomegranate seeds., ingredients: [1 medium garlic clove, peeled and sliced, 1 medium shallot, peeled and sliced, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon dried lavender flowers, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon pomegranate molasses, 8 lamb rib chops, 1 14 inch thick, bones frenched, 2 medium red onions, peeled and sliced 18inch thick, 1 teaspoon sea or kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 celery root, approximately 1 12 pounds, peeled and cut into rough chunks, 2 cups milk, 12 teaspoon sea or kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Pomegranate seeds, for garnish], title: Wood Oven Roasted Lamb Chops with Red Onion Marmalade and Celery Root Puree, picturelink: null}, 45311: {instructions: Scoop flesh out of butternut squash with a spoon. In a medium saucepan, combine broth, flesh of butternut squash, garlic powder, onion powder, curry powder, salt and pepper. Set pot over medium heat and bring to a simmer, about 10 minutes. Puree soup with an immersion blender until smooth. Ladle into bowls. Serve with a dollop of Lime Crema and garnish with extra lime zest, if desired.nIn a small bowl, combine sour cream, lime zest, and lime juice. Whisk to combine., ingredients: [2 halves roasted butternut squash, 2 cups vegetable broth, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon curry powder, Salt and ground black pepper, Lime Crema, recipe follows, Lime zest, to garnish, if desired, 12 cup reducedfat sour cream, 14 teaspoon lime zest, 1 tablespoon lime juice], title: Curried Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: Sp1wuExqSrWV8dugbXxwhFH46SH.86a}, 45312: {instructions: Cut the halibut fillets into 4ounce pieces no thicker than 1inch each.nIn a large skillet over mediumlow heat, heat the olive oil. Add the carrot, onion, celery, mustard seed and coriander seed. Sweat until vegetables are crisptender, about 7 minutes. Add the wine, vinegar and stock bring to a boil. Season with salt and pepper, stir in half the basil and half the chervil.nArrange the fish so it fits snugly in 1 layer in a casserole or baking dish. Pour the boiling marinade over the fish. The fish must be completely covered by the liquid, which will cook the fish as it cools. Allow to cool to room temperature, about 10 to 15 minutes. You can either serve immediately or serve chilled.nRemove the fish from the liquid and reserve the liquid to use as a dressing. Plate the fish and garnish with the carrots, celery and onions. In a salad bowl, toss the lettuces and remaining basil and chervil with some of the dressing. Serve alongside the fish and vegetables., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh halibut fillets, skinned and boned, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 carrot, thinly sliced, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 stalk celery, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon mustard seed, 12 teaspoon whole coriander seed, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 cup fish stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 basil leaves, chopped, 8 sprigs chervil, picked, 3 heads baby frisee, torn into pieces, 1 bunch watercress, torn into pieces], title: Escabeche of Pacific Halibut, picturelink: null}, 45313: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: 50 Smoothies, picturelink: null}, 45314: {instructions: Prepare the pie crust according the recipe and press into a 9inch pie plate. Place 13 of the apples and all the salt, cinnamon, dates, and vanilla powder in a food processor. Process the mixture until it is almost the consistency of applesauce. Continue adding apples, processing only until apples are chopped into small to medium sized pieces. Add raisins to the mixing bowl. Stir in ground flax seeds, mix well, and set aside for 15 minutes. The raisins and flax seeds will soak up the juice from the apples. Pour the apple mixture into the prepared pie crust.nPlace almonds in a food processor and process until mixture resembles flour. Add salt and vanilla powder to the almonds and process well. Add pecans, walnuts, and dates to the food processor and process just until combined. Press the mixture into a 9inch glass pie pan. The crust may be made ahead of time and refrigerated or frozen., ingredients: [1 Raw Apple Pie Crust, recipe follows, 3 apples, peeled and cored, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 dates, soaked for 1 hour and then drained, 12 tablespoon vanilla powder, 12 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons flax seeds, ground, 1 cup almonds, soaked in water for 12 hours, then drained and dehydrated for 12 hours, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla powder, 1 cup pecans, soaked in water for 12 hours, then drained and dehydrated for 12 hours, 1 cup walnuts, soaked in water for 12 hours, then drained and dehydrated for 12 hours, 1 12 cups pitted dates], title: Raw Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 45315: {instructions: One day in advance, combine the rice, crumbled cinnamon, and hot water in a bowl. Cool, cover, and set aside. Refrigerate if the weather is hot.nThe next day, stir the nuts and coconut milk into the soaked rice. Working in batches, add the rice mixture to a blender and process until quite smooth. Each batch should take about 5 minutes. Strain through a mediummesh sieve and pour into a pitcher.nIn a saucepan over low heat, combine the sugar, cold water, and lime zest. Cook stirring, until the sugar is just dissolved. Let cool. Then remove the lime zest. Pour the cooled syrup into the pitcher and mix well. If the drink is too thick for your taste, add more water. Cover and refrigerate until chilled.nStir well and pour over ice cubes in tall glasses. If desired, add a splash of rum to each glass before adding the horchata. Garnish with a mint sprig and a piece of cinnamon bark., ingredients: [2 23 cups 19 ounces uncooked rice, pulverized in a spice grinder, 1 ounces crumbled true cinnamon bark, plus 4inch pieces for garnish optional, 4 cups hot water, 15 blanched almonds, lightly toasted and finely ground, 1 can 13 12 ounces coconut milk, 1 cup 8 ounces sugar, 1 cup 8 ounces cold water, 1 lime, zest cut into long, wide strips, Ice cubes, Light rum optional, 6 to 8 fresh mint sprigs], title: CoconutRice Cooler: Horchata de Coco, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 45316: {instructions: Combine the balsamic vinegar and sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is dissolved. Turn off the heat and set aside to cool.nStarting with the watermelon squares, push the watermelon to the very tip of the skewer. Then skewer a basil leaf, then a tomato half. Continue with another watermelon, basil leaf, and tomato half. Place the skewer on a serving platter so it stands upright, using the lowest watermelon square as a base. Continue with the remaining skewers.nDrizzle the skewers with the reserved balsamic syrup and the olive oil. Sprinkle with coarse salt. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 4 to 5 pound watermelon, cut into 32 1 12inch cubes, 32 small basil leaves or torn larger leaves, 16 cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Special equipment: 16 6inch skewers], title: Tomato, Watermelon, and Basil Skewers, picturelink: PTzUizQfWGeYl2k6drxB3veWYskSnpi}, 45317: {instructions: Tamarind water, to soften, or substitute with the juice of 2 lemonsnIn a bowl season the fish with salt, pepper, lime juice, and betutu paste.nOn a sheet tray, lay down the banana leaf. Place a salam leaf on the banana leaf. Place the fish on the middle of the banana leaf over the salam leaf. Place sliced green tomatoes, lime leaf, sweet basil, and tamarind water on the fish. Season with salt and pepper.nWrap the fish folding both ends together and secure with a bamboo skewer. Grill until cooked, approximately 4 to 5 minutes per side depending on the thickness of the fillets.nGrind shallots, garlic, tumeric, ginger, galangal, lemongrass, chili peppers, palm sugar, and shrimp paste in a food processor. Saute paste with coconut oil., ingredients: [2 pounds snapper filets, Salt and pepper, 1 Bali lemon, or two regular limes, Betutu spice, recipe follows, Banana leaves, or tin foil, 3 salam leaves, or substitute bay leaves, 2 sliced green tomatoes, 2 kaffir lime leaves, 14 sweet basil leaves, 12 cup peeled shallots, 14 cup peeled garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh turmeric, 2 tablespoons fresh peeled ginger, 2 tablespoons galangal, 3 pieces lemongrass, 2 tablespoons fresh hot chili peppers seeded and cleaned, 2 tablespoons palm sugar chopped, 4 tablespoons shrimp paste, 14 cup coconut oil, for frying], title: Grilled Snapper in Banana Leaf: Pepes Ikan Kakap, picturelink: null}, 45318: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange the asparagus on a rimmed baking sheet, in a single layer, and drizzle with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and roll the stalks around to coat evenly. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast, shaking the pan several times to turn the asparagus, until the tips are browned and crisp, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the rhubarb and cook an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and simmer until the rhubarb is broken down but not mushy and the flavors are infused, 10 to 12 minutes. Strain the mixture through a fine mesh strainer into a small saucepan. Bring the mixture to a simmer over mediumlow heat and simmer until thick and syrupy, about 5 minutes.nTo serve, arrange the asparagus on a large platter, drizzle with the rhubarb vinegar and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 bunches fresh asparagus, about 2 pounds, trimmed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 small shallot, sliced, 3 stalks rhubarb, chopped, 12 cup white balsamic vinegar], title: Roasted Asparagus with Rhubarb Vinegar, picturelink: mw4GyBHl21QZiHHC6wLWD6pxWVcwNe}, 45319: {instructions: Special equipment: Waffle iron preferably Belgian stylenPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread all the pecans on a baking sheet and bake until toasted, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool slightly, then pulse 12 cup in a food processor until very finely chopped, but not ground. Roughly chop the remaining pecans for garnish.nFor the cream cheese frosting: Meanwhile, combine the cream cheese and butter in a small bowl and beat with a hand mixer until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the sugar, lemon juice, vanilla and salt and beat until incorporated and smooth. Set aside.nFor the carrot cake: Turn the oven down to 200 degrees F. Preheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh. Whisk together the finely ground pecans, flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda, ginger and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the oil, milk, lemon zest, vanilla and eggs in another bowl. Stir in the coconut and carrots. Fold the carrotegg mixture into the flour mixture until just combined its ok if there are lumps.nLightly brush the top and bottom of the waffle iron with oil. Fill the waffle iron about threequarters of the way full some waffle iron should still be showing. Close the lid gently and cook until the waffle is golden brown and slightly crisp, 4 to 6 minutes. Keep the cooked waffles warm in the oven or covered with foil on a plate while you make the remaining waffles.nSpread each waffle with the cream cheese frosting, sprinkle with the chopped pecans and dust with cinnamon., ingredients: [12 cup pecan halves, plus extra for garnish, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch fine salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for dusting, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 13 cup vegetable oil, plus more for brushing waffle iron, 14 cup milk, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 14 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 2 medium carrots, shredded 1 cup], title: Waffled Carrot Cake, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 45320: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine milk, sugar and vanilla bean seeds and pod. Cook over mediumlow heat, just until small bubbles form around edges of pan, stirring occasionally.nPour 14 of hot milk mixture over beaten eggs, whisking constantly. Pour egg mixture into remaining hot milk mixture, whisking constantly. Cook, over low heat, stirring constantly, for 5 to 7 minutes, or until mixture thickens and coats a spoon. Remove from heat pour through a wire mesh strainer into a bowl.nFill a large bowl with ice. Place bowl containing milk mixture in ice, and let stand, stirring occasionally for 20 minutes. Remove bowl from ice bath and stir in salt, evaporated milk and cherries. Cover and chill for 2 hours.nPour mixture into freezer container of 1 gallon electric ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturers instructions. If a firmer texture is desired, transfer ice cream to an airtight container and freeze for 2 hours or until firm.nFor the Candy Crumble:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt butter in a large skillet on low heat. In a bowl combine flour, sugar and almonds. Mix together while adding the warm butter.nDrop candy crumble onto a cookie sheet. Cooks Note: Does not have to be in balls. After it gets cooked it will be crumbled for the dessert. Bake in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes.nAfter candy crumbles have been cooled, place half the mixture into a 9 by 12inch pan. Scoop ice cream on top and finish with the rest of the crumbles. Wrap pan with plastic wrap and place into freezer until ice cream and candy hardens, about 2 hours. Slice and serve with whipped cream, for garnish., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 2 cups sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, Bowl of ice, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 13.5ounce can evaporated milk, chilled, 2 cups chopped maraschino cherries, 1 stick butter, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup brown sugar, 13 cup almonds, slivered, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: Cherry Vanilla Ice Cream Dessert, picturelink: VZqbAXQP6YGSGooSoWAXVpKZhdeC2}, 45321: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees Portion the grouper fillet into 4 equal portions, leaving the skin on. Place the fillet skin side down on a plate and generously rub the Blackening Spice onto the flesh. Set aside. Roast the fingerling potatoes in oven for 15 minutes or until they are fork tender. Peel and blanch the asparagus in salted boiling water until al dente. Saute the morels with the spring peas and butter until tender. Blanch, shock and puree the watercress in a blender with the cream and 2 tablespoons grape seed oil for a fine puree. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons grape seed oil until it smokes and carefully place the grouper flesh side down and blacken the fish. Finish in the oven for 10 minutes. To finish the dish, reheat the asparagus on the grill. Bring the watercress cream to a simmer. Reheat the morels and peas. Reheat the fingerling potatoes. Place the asparagus on the plate, place the morels and peas on top of the asparagus. Place the fingerlings next to the vegetables. Place the grouper on the side of the vegetables and sauce. Garnish with a few watercress leaves.nPrepare the blackening spice. Put all listed ingredients into a coffee grinder and grind for approximately 1 minute. Set aside., ingredients: [Blackening Spice, recipe follows, 2 pound grouper fillet, 12 fingerling potatoes, 8 peeled white asparagus, 8 peeled green asparagus, 12 pound fresh morel mushrooms, 12 cup sugar snap peas remove pods, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 bunches watercress, 2 cups heavy cream, 4 tablespoons grape seed oil, divided, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon coriander seed, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon Spanish paprika, 2 lemons, zest, dried, 2 oranges, zest, dried, Salt and pepper], title: Cast Iron Blackened Grouper with Grilled Seasonal Asparagus, Morels, Roasted Fingerlings, and Watercress Cream, picturelink: null}, 45322: {instructions: Soak 1 ounce dried shiitake mushrooms in 2 cups boiling water, covered, until soft, 40 minutes. Drain, reserving the liquid. Discard the stems and chop the mushrooms. Cook 2 cups sushi rice as the label directs, using 12 cup mushroomsoaking liquid in place of 12 cup water. Cook 1 12 cups frozen edamame in salted boiling water until tender, 6 minutes. Add the edamame and shiitakes to the rice season with salt.nPer serving: Calories: 303 Total Fat: 2 grams Saturated Fat: 0 grams Protein: 9 grams Total carbohydrates: 61 grams Sugar: 1 gram Fiber: 4.5 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 123 milligrams Photograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Edamame and Shiitake Rice, picturelink: 7HzkjA2PIiNMRWIIRnxDD14M0PYgu}, 45323: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: Place the anchovies into a blender or food processor. Throw in the Dijon mustard, vinegar, Worcestershire, garlic and lemon juice. Pulse the processor or blend on low speed for several seconds. Scrape down the sides.nWith the food processor or blender on, drizzle the olive oil into the mixture in a small stream. Scrape down the sides. Add the Parmesan, salt and a generous grind of black pepper. Pulse the whole thing together and mix until thoroughly combined. Refrigerate the dressing for a few hours it just gets better before using it on the salad.nFor the croutons: Slice the bread into thick slices and cut them into 1inch cubes. Throw them onto a baking sheet.nHeat the olive oil in a small saucepan or skillet over low heat.nCrushbut dont chopthe garlic and add them to the oil. Use a spoon to move the garlic around in the pan. After 3 to 5 minutes, turn off the heat and remove the garlic from the pan.nSlowly drizzle the olive oil over the bread cubes. Mix together with your hands, and then sprinkle lightly with salt. Toss and cook in the pan until golden brown and crisp. Add a little butter for more flavornFor the salad: Wash and dry the hearts of romaine lettuce. Leave them whole. Use a vegetable peeler and shave off large, thin slices of Parmesan.nDrizzle about half of the dressing over the top of the hearts. Throw in a good handful of the Parmesan shavings. Give it a good initial toss, just so you can evaluate how much more dressing you need.nAdd more dressing and Parmesan to taste. Add the cooled croutons. Toss gently., ingredients: [4 whole anchovy fillets, 2 tablespoons and up to 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon balsamic or red wine vinegar balsamic makes it nice and rich, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 cloves fresh garlic, peeled, 12 whole lemon, juiced, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 dash salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 loaf crusty French bread, 14 cup olive oil, 2 cloves fresh garlic, peeled, Salt, Hearts of romaine lettuce, Fresh Parmesan wedge], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: oKrAD3jJAxnYcaclkpJfgQAnIbz8sa}, 45324: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F place two baking sheets in the oven to preheat.nDrizzle the zucchini and eggplant slices on both sides with olive oil to coat. Carefully add the vegetables to the hot baking sheetsthey should sizzle. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nRoast until the vegetables are tender, 12 minutes, flipping halfway through. Remove from the oven and let cool.nReduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nWhile the roasted vegetables are cooling, heat the 2 tablespoons olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the sausage, breaking it up with a spoon, and cook until browned and no longer pink, 7 to 10 minutes.nIn a bowl, whisk together the ricotta, parsley, egg and a big pinch of salt and pepper.nIn a 9by13inch baking dish, add 12 to 34 cup of the marinara sauce and spread to cover the bottom of the pan. Lay down enough lasagna noodles to cover the sauce, and then sprinkle with onethird of the browned sausage. Cover the sausage with onethird of the roasted zucchini and eggplant, spread with half of the ricotta mixture and sprinkle with onethird of the mozzarella. Repeat the sequence of marinara, noodles, sausage, vegetables, ricotta and mozzarella. For the third and final layer, repeat as before, only without the ricotta. Finish by sprinkling the Parmesan over the top.nPlace the lasagna in the oven and cook until bubbly and browned on top, 35 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 zucchini, sliced lengthwise into 14inch planks, 1 large eggplant, sliced lengthwise into 14inch planks, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 2 cups ricotta, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 egg, One 32ounce jar marinara sauce, 1 box noboil lasagna noodles, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Roasted Vegetable and Sausage Lasagna, picturelink: SiaU2pVeec7hcoifHokz3w3wrdxkrga}, 45325: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nQuarter the beef into even portions. Form into burgers, indenting the middle slightly with your thumb. Season with salt and pepper, and brush lightly with vegetable oil. Cook on a hot grill until charred on the outside and pink on the inside, about 4 minutes per side. Two minutes before removing the burgers, top the burgers with the mozzarella cheese.nPlace the toasted muffins on a serving platter. Place the tomato slices on the bottom, and top each with cooked patties. Spread a tablespoon or two of the basil sauce on each bun top and sprinkle with a little Parmesan cheese. Serve extra basil sauce on the side for dipping.nBlend the green onion, basil, garlic, mayonnaise, sour cream, and Worcestershire sauce in a blender until creamy and pale green. Taste the sauce and season with salt and pepper, if needed., ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground beef 80percent lean, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 cup shredded mozzarella, 4 English muffins, halved horizontally and toasted, 1 tomato, sliced and lightly salted, Perfect Basil Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 green onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh basil, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Perfect Summer Basil Burger, picturelink: SaYyNYaMbVdqfKvoQI9pqnfoPKjuPRy}, 45326: {instructions: Place the cereal in a very large stainless steel bowl and set aside.nIn a medium microwavesafe bowl, add the chocolate chips, hazelnut spread, peanut butter and butter. Microwave for a minute, then stir. Microwave 30 seconds longer and stir until smooth. Keep going until its all melted, being careful not to burn. Stir in the vanilla and salt. Then pour the chocolate mixture over the cereal, tossing to evenly coat.nSpoon the mixture into a 2gallon resealable ziptop bag along with the powdered sugar. Shake the bag until the cereal is evenly coated. Then add the pretzels and candies, seal and shake the bag again. Pour onto baking sheets to setcool. Serve in bowls., ingredients: [10 cups combination of corn, rice, and wheat cereal squares, 34 cup chocolate chips, 34 cup chocolate hazelnut spread, such as Nutella, 34 cup creamy peanut butter, 13 cup butter, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 cups powdered sugar, 2 cups miniature pretzels, 1 cup chocolate coated candies, such as M and Ms], title: Messy Sleepover Snacks, picturelink: zC09g99iCxievmMjRWTUrs.ZxVBwdO}, 45327: {instructions: Drain the lychee syrup into a small pan. Cut the lemongrass into thirds and bruise with the back of a chefs knife. Add the lemongrass to the lychee syrup and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature. Strain and store in the refrigerator until ready to use.nPuree the lychees in a blender or food processor. Add the strained lemongrasslychee syrup and blend a few seconds more.nFill onethird of a Champagne flute with the puree mixture and top off with Champagne. Garnish with a small strawberry., ingredients: [One 20ounce can whole lychees in syrup, 3 stalks lemongrass, tender white parts only, One 750milliliter bottle Champagne or sparkling wine, chilled, Fresh small strawberries, for garnish], title: LemongrassLychee Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 45328: {instructions: For the spiced black pepper cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard muffin tin with paper liners.nPlace the chocolate and water in a bowl. Let sit for 1 minute. Stir the chocolate mixture until smooth. Add the applesauce, sour cream, oil, vanilla and eggs. Beat until smooth, about 2 minutes. Add the brownie mix, flour, granulated sugar, cocoa, pudding mix, pepper, cinnamon, baking powder and salt to the chocolate mixture. Mix until combined. Scoop the batter into the muffin tin, filling each cup threequarters full. Bake until done, 21 to 23 minutes.nFor the icing: Whisk the heavy cream until stiff peaks form be careful not to over beat, or the cream will be grainy. In another bowl, whisk together the mascarpone and confectioners sugar until smooth. Gently fold the whipped cream into the mascarpone mixture until combined.nFrost the cupcakes with the icing., ingredients: [12 cup extra dark chocolate chips, 12 cup boiling water, 12 cup unsweetened applesauce, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 1 14 cups brownie mix, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cocoa powder, 14 cup chocolate pudding mix, 3 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces mascarpone, at room temperature, 12 cup confectioners sugar], title: Spiced Black Pepper Cupcakes, picturelink: HueVBeWLMGY8b85yHZRe0GL49SRD6C}, 45329: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLay the baguette slices out on a straightsided baking sheet. Brush each slice of baguette with a generous amount of olive oil. Sprinkle evenly with salt and bake until golden brown and crispy, about 8 minutes. Remove the crostini from the tray and set aside to cool.nWhile the crostini bake, combine the mascarpone, chives and salt in a small bowl. Set aside.nIncrease the oven temperature to 500 degrees F.nOn the same baking sheet, combine the mushrooms, red grapes, thyme leaves, shallots, olive oil and salt. Toss well to coat and combine. Roast until the mushrooms are beginning to brown and the grapes have released some of their juices, 8 to 10 minutes Scrape the contents of the tray into a medium bowl and toss with the sherry vinegar. Cool to room temperature.nTo serve, spread each crostini with equal amounts of the mascarpone mixture. Spoon a small amount of the mushroom mixture on top of each crostini. Top each with one shaving of Parmesan., ingredients: [12 baguette, cut into twentyfour 14inch slices, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, chilled, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 pound assorted mushrooms, torn and cut into bite sized pieces, 1 cup red grapes, halved, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed and stems discarded, 2 shallots, sliced into rounds, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar, 24 shavings of Parmesan], title: Mushroom and Grape Crostini, picturelink: awPWyi6n2yGOI157vIv6G0yZNpcyAKS}, 45330: {instructions: For the chicken: In a large bowl, stir together the lime juice, orange juice, cilantro, garlic and chile peppers along with a pinch of salt and some pepper you are basically making a ceviche mixture. Add the chicken and stir together. Cover and refrigerate.nFor the stew: Bring a pot of water to a simmer and add salt. Simmer the potatoes until tender, 15 minutes. Drain and set aside.nIn a 6 to 8quart stainless steel pot, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the onions, mushrooms, carrots and scallions and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are softened and browning slightly. Add 2 12 cups chicken stock, the lime juice and the potatoes and bring to a boil. Boil vigorously 5 minutes, then lower to a simmer and add the chicken ceviche mixture, the tomatoes, coconut milk, brown sugar, curry powder and the remaining 2 12 cups chicken stock. Bring to a simmer and cook over mediumlow, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Taste and adjust with additional salt and pepper as needed. You may add more brown sugar, 1 teaspoon at a time, to deepen the flavor or knock down any acidity, but dont go too farnServe with chips and cilantro., ingredients: [1 cup lime juice, 1 cup orange juice, 34 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 13 cup minced garlic, 1 minced jalapeno or serrano pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound skinless boneless chicken breast or fish, cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt, 1 pound red or Yukon potatoes, chopped, 14 cup vegetable or peanut oil, 1 cup chopped red onions, 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 4 ounces carrots, split lengthwise and sliced, 5 scallions, sliced on the bias, 5 cups chicken stock, Splash lime juice, 4 cups canned diced tomatoes or diced fresh tomatoes, One 14ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 14 cup brown sugar, plus more if needed, 1 12 tablespoons curry powder, Sea salt and lime tortilla chips, for serving, Freshly chopped cilantro, for serving], title: Coconut Lime Chicken Stew, picturelink: null}, 45331: {instructions: Put all ingredients into a stockpot and add enough water to just cover ingredients. Bring to a gentle boil then reduce to a simmer. Cook for 30 minutes. Strain and cool then refrigerate or freeze., ingredients: [Reserved bones of white fish, 1 medium onion, roughly chopped, 2 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, 2 thyme sprigs, 2 carrots, roughly chopped, 2 celery stalks, roughly chopped optional, Scallion trimmings, Cilantro stems], title: Fish Stock, picturelink: null}, 45332: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 13 x 9inch pan.nPrepare brownies according to package directions for cakelike brownies.nBake 25 minutes or until set.nPlace egg whites in medium bowl. Beat at high speed with electric mixer until foamy and double in volume. Beat in sugar gradually, beating until meringue forms firm peaks. Add almond extract. Fold in almonds and coconut. Spread over warm brownies.nBake for 12 to 14 minutes longer or until meringue is set and lightly browned. Cool completely. Cut into bars., ingredients: [1 19.95 oz pkg Duncan Hinesu00ae Family Style Chewy Fudge Brownie Mix, 14 cup water, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 large egg whites, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 tsp almond extract, 1 cup almonds, 1 cup flaked coconut], title: Macaroon Brownies, picturelink: null}, 45333: {instructions: Preheat oven to 380 degrees F. Lightly flour chops and season with salt, pepper, mustard, and sugar. Heat clarified butter in large pan over high heat. Add chops and brown on each side. Remove to a small baking dish.nAdd 1 tablespoon flour to butter in pan and stir to form a brown roux. Add cider and whisk into a smooth sauce cook 2 more minutes. Pour sauce over pork and cover with apple slices. Roast for 1 12 hours., ingredients: [Flour, to dust, plus 1 tablespoon, 4 pork loin chops, rind removed, Salt, to taste, Black pepper, to taste, 1 12 teaspoons dry mustard, 2 teaspoons sugar, Clarified butter, 2 cups sour cider, 2 Granny Smith or golden delicious apples, peeled and cut into thick slices], title: Devon Porkers, picturelink: null}, 45334: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chickens, onions, carrots, celery, parsnips, parsley, thyme, dill, garlic, and seasonings in a 16 to 20quart stockpot. Add 7 quarts of water and bring to a boil. Simmer uncovered for 4 hours. Strain the entire contents of the pot through a colander and discard the solids. Chill the stock overnight. The next day, remove the surface fat. Use immediately or pack in containers and freeze for up to 3 months., ingredients: [3 5pound roasting chickens, 3 large yellow onions, unpeeled, quartered, 6 carrots, unpeeled, halved, 20 sprigs fresh dill, 4 celery stalks with leaves, cut in thirds, 4 parsnips, unpeeled, cut in half optional, 20 sprigs fresh parsley, 15 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 head garlic, unpeeled, cut in half crosswise, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns], title: Chicken Stock, picturelink: qP2k4DWmCSYOwd7895dSGBVWmLlU0Ne}, 45335: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn small bowl, combine teriyaki mix, paprika and pepper.nCoat the pork the with rub mixture, patting until all rub is used. Set aside.nIn a bowl whisk together the chicken broth, brown sugar, soy sauce, chili sauce and pineapple juice. Set aside.nPut the chopped onions and carrots in a 5quart slow cooker. Place the pork on top of the carrots and onions and pour half of the pineapple juice mixture over pork. Reserve remainder for Hawaiian sauce. Cover and cook on low for 7 to 8 hours. The meat should fall apart easily. Remove the roast from the slow cooker to a cutting board. Using 2 forks carefully pull the meat into shreds.nHawaiian Sauce:nIn a medium pot heat the oil over medium heat. Add garlic and ginger and saute until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the remaining pineapple juice mixture, bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.nServe the pork on rolls drizzled with the Hawaiian sauce or on the side for dipping., ingredients: [1 packet teriyaki marinade recommended: McCormick Grill Mates, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, 3 12 pounds pork shoulder, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 cup chili sauce, One 6ounce can pineapple juice, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 8 hamburger rolls, 2 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon ginger, chopped, 2 teaspoons garlic, chopped], title: Hawaiian Pulled Pork Sandwiches, picturelink: ZV52LSbRDB0WRxoYqCE50XFQ7XPW.S}, 45336: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpread butter on one side of each slice of bread. Flip over 4 slices of bread and layer each with some of the quince paste, manchego, Cheddar, crushed almonds and blue cheese crumbles. Top with another slice of bread.nHeat a square, flat griddle pan over medium heat. Place the sandwiches on the griddle pan and dome with a metal bowl. Cook until golden brown on the bottoms, then flip, dome and repeat until the insides are gooey and the outsides are golden, 8 to 10 minutes total. Cut on the bias and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 8 slices crusty Italian bread, 4 tablespoons quince paste, 4 ounces manchego cheese, shredded, 4 ounces Cheddar, shredded, 2 to 3 tablespoons Marcona almonds, crushed, 4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled], title: Cheese Board Grilled Cheese, picturelink: Ybw4bDKzrdf2YX2nbtPtsxASmjpGHK}, 45337: {instructions: In a bowl combine celery, tomatoes, chick peas, onions, parsley and olives. Flake tuna and add to the salad. Dress salad with juice of 2 lemons and about 13 cup olive oil. Season the salad with salt and pepper and toss., ingredients: [8 ribs celery from the heart with leafy tops, chopped, 6 plum tomatoes, chopped, One 15ounce can chick peas, drained, 1 medium onion, chopped, A handful flatleaf parsley leaves, coarsely chopped, 12 cup pitted black olives, coarsely chopped, Two 6ounce cans Italian tuna, drained, 2 lemons, 13 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tuna and Vegetable Salad, picturelink: tcWFwaVZVogqt7OIomRVb.F1eQ2g7DK}, 45338: {instructions: 1. For the beef: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Set a rack in a roasting pan. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. While the pan heats, pat the meat dry and season it generously with salt. Roll the tenderloin in peppercorn mixture to coat, making sure to press the ends in mixture as well. Add vegetable oil to the skillet and heat just until smoking. Brown the meat all over, turning as each side reaches a deep mahogany, about 8 minutes in all. While the meat browns, toss the unpeeled shallots with the olive oil and scatter them in the roasting pan. Transfer the meat to the rack save the skillet and roast until an instantread thermometer inserted in the center registers 125 degrees F, about 30 minutes. Let the meat rest for 10 minutes before carving.n2. For the sauce: Wipe any burned bits from the skillet. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter and the sliced shallots to the skillet and cook over high heat until tender, about 2 minutes. Add wine and vegetable broth and scrape the brown bits from the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon. Bring to a brisk boil and cook until reduced by about half. Meanwhile, in a small bowl make a paste with remaining 4 tablespoons butter and the flour. Whisk the butter mixture into the reduced wine mixture a little bit at a time. Return to a full boil and cook until thickened, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper to taste.n3. Slice the beef and arrange it on a platter with the roasted shallots. Drizzle some sauce over the meat and serve, passing the remaining sauce., ingredients: [1 5pound centercut beef tenderloin, tied, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons prepared coarsely ground peppercorn spice medley, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 10 unpeeled shallots, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 medium shallots, peeled and sliced, 1 750milliliter bottle Merlot, 2 cups vegetable broth, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Peppered Beef Tenderloin with Merlot, picturelink: null}, 45339: {instructions: Make the streusel topping and chill, core and slice the apples. In large pot, melt the butter and stir in the sugar and spices. Add all fruit and cook until soft. Stir in flour and vanilla, then cook until thick and pour into 4 8 by 10inch baking dishes. Top with streusel and bake at 350 degrees F until crispy and fruit is bubbling approx. 40 minutes. Serve warm.nMix butter, sugar, and flour together, until crumbly and mealy looking. Add cinnamon, salt, and pecan pieces. Do not over mix. Store in refrigerator. Streusel topping may be doubled for a thicker coating., ingredients: [3 pounds streusel topping, recipe follows, 48 Granny Smith apples 113count size, 12 ounces unsalted butter, 2 quarts 64 ounces granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups seedless raisins, 1 14 pounds granulated sugar, 1 pound allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 12 ounces unsalted butter, 12ounce pecan pieces], title: Apple Crisp with Streusel Topping, picturelink: null}, 45340: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, dissolve yeast with the warm water. Stir in 14 cup sugar, salt, 2 tablespoons margarine, egg, and 2 cups flour. Beat until smooth. With spoon or hand, work in enough remaining flour until the dough is easy to handle if it becomes too sticky, dampen your hands with cold water. Place in a greased bowl. Cover tightly and refrigerate overnight or, up to 4 to 5 days.nCombine melted margarine, brown sugar, corn syrup and pecan halves. Pour into greased oblong 9 by 13inch pan. Combine 12 cup sugar, and fresh ground cinnamon sifted to take out the chunks. On floured board, roll out the dough into about a 9 by 15inch shape. Spread sugar and cinnamon mix over the dough. Begin rolling the dough up tightly starting with the long side. Seal the edges when the dough is rolled. Cut into 1inch slices and place in the 9 by 13inch prepared pan. Cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until double in size about 1 12 hours. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and IMMEDIATELY turn upside down onto a platter., ingredients: [1 package dry yeast, 1 cup warm water, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons melted margarine, 1 egg, 3 14 to 3 12 cups flour, 13 cup margarine, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 23 to 1 cup pecan halves, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoon freshly ground cinnamon], title: Grandma Blairs Pecan Caramel Rolls, picturelink: null}, 45341: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the whole egg with 2 teaspoons water, and set aside. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the piecrust to an 18inch thickness. Transfer the crust to a 9inchround pie tin, and press it into the bottom edges and up the sides. Using scissors or a sharp knife, trim the crust so it overhangs the tin by about 1inch. Turn overhanging dough under, forming a rim, and crimp the edges of the dough. Lightly prick the bottom of the dough with a fork brush the rim with the beaten egg. Transfer crust to the freezer for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F with the rack positioned in the lower third. Carefully line the crust with parchment paper, gently pressing the parchment into the edges of the crust weigh down parchment with dried beans or pie weights.nBake until the edges of the crust begin to turn golden, about 15 minutes. Carefully remove the pie weights and the parchment paper. Continue to bake until crust is golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes more. Transfer the crust to a wire rack to cool completely.nPlace 14 cup of the coconut on a silpat a French nonstick baking mat or parchment paperlined sheet pan. Bake until light golden brown, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nTo prepare the filling: Combine the cornstarch, 12 cup sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan. Whisk in milk, and cream of coconut. Set over medium heat, and cook, stirring constantly, until bubbling and thick, about 5 minutes.nPrepare an ice bath set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk 4 egg yolks. Slowly whisk in hot milk mixture. Return mixture to saucepan, and continue cooking over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture returns to a boil, about 1 minute more. Remove from heat.nStir in the vanilla and the butter. Fold in 1 cup of the coconut. Transfer custard to a medium bowl. Place over ice bath, and cover the surface of the custard with a piece of plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming. Set aside.nCombine the 7 egg whites and the remaining 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar in the heatproof bowl of an electric mixer. Set the bowl over a pan of simmering water. Whisk constantly until the sugar has dissolved and the whites are hot tot he touch, 5 to 7 minutes.nTransfer the bowl to the electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Starting on low speed for 1 to 2 minutes and gradually increasing to high speed, beating until stiff, glossy peaks form, about 10 minutes.nHeat the broiler with the rack positioned in the lower third of the oven. Transfer the custard to the cooled crust. Using a large spatula, pile the meringue onto the center of the custard. Lightly spread the meringue over the custard, spreading the meringue so it touches the edges of the piecrust and sealing well to avoid shrinkage.nTransfer assembled pie to oven broil until meringue turns golden brown, just a few seconds, watching constantly.nTransfer pie to a wire rack to cool at least 2 hours. Sprinkle with reserved 14 cup toasted coconut. Slice, and serve. Refrigerate any leftover pie.nPiecrust:n2 12 cups allpurpose flourn1 teaspoon saltn1 teaspoon sugarn1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, chilled, and cut into small piecesnIce waternCombine the flour, salt, and sugar in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse to combine. Add all of the butter, and pulse just until mixture resembles coarse meal some of the pieces of butter should still be visible. Pulse in 14 cup ice water the mixture should hold its shape when pinched together and will not form a ball in the processor. If necessary, add up to 14 cup more ice water.nDivide the dough in half. Turn each half onto a large piece of plastic wrap. Pat the dough into flat disks, and wrap tightly. Chill at least 1 hour or overnight. The piecrust may be stored in the refrigerator up to 2 days or frozen for weeks.nYield: 2 9inch crusts, ingredients: [1 large whole egg, lightly beaten, plus 4 large egg yolks, plus 7 large egg whites, Allpurpose flour, for work surface, 12 recipe Piecrust, recipe follows, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 14 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 14 cups milk, 23 cup cream of coconut, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 14 cups unsweetened coconut flakes], title: Coconut Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 45342: {instructions: Invert cake onto serving plate. Cut 1inch off across the top of cake. Set aside. With a serrated knife, hollow out center of cake leaving a 1inch border. In the meantime, warm the grape juice in the microwave for 1 minute. Pour over gelatin mix and combine with juice as you would water. Mix thoroughly and add in peaches and ricotta cheese. Chill in refrigerator for about 30 minutes. In a separate bowl, combine nondairy topping with rum extract and whisk thoroughly. Fill the center of cake with peach ricotta gelatin mix. Return top of cake. Frost cake on top and sides with nondairy topping and rum extract mixture, completely coating cake. Chill for 1 hour before serving. Garnish with peach slices., ingredients: [1 large storebought angel food cake, 1 cup white grape juice, 1 box sugarfree peach flavored gelatin dessert, 1 16ounce bag frozen peaches, drained, 1 15ounce lowfat ricotta cheese, 1 12ounce nondairy whipped topping, 2 tablespoons rum extract, 5 slices peaches from bag of frozen peaches, for garnish], title: Rum Ricotta Cake, picturelink: null}, 45343: {instructions: Make the ragu: Put the garlic, celery, onions and fennel in a food processor and puree to make a coarse paste. Coat a wide, deep pan with the olive oil and put over mediumhigh heat. Add the pureed veggies and season with salt cook until all the liquid has evaporated and the veggies begin to stick to the panyou want to brown the crap out of these guys until crud starts to form on the bottom of the pan. Stir occasionally to scrape up the browned bits, then let the crud form again. Be patient here and dont rush it: This is where the big flavor develops it will take up to 30 minutes.nWhen the lovely brown crud has formed and been scraped down a couple of times, stir in the tomato paste. Let it start to brown a little, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes. Theres not much liquid at this point to keep things from burning, so move fast: Add the wine, stir to combine and scrape up any remaining browned bits. Cook until about half of the wine has evaporated, 4 to 5 minutes.nAdd the sausage and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned, 10 to 15 minutes. This is where another round of big flavor is formed, so take your time.nAdd enough water to cover the meat by about 12 inch. Stir to combine well, then add the bay leaves and thyme bundle. Taste, season with salt and taste again its by no means done, but it should taste good. Bring the sauce to a boil BTB and reduce to a simmer RTS. Continue cooking for 3 hours, tasting, seasoning and adding more water as needed. Discard the bay leaves and thyme.nMeanwhile, make the pickled onions: Combine the vinegar, 12 cup cold water, the sugar, 1 tablespoon salt and the hot sauce in a bowl. Add the sliced onion and let sit, at least 1 hour. Drain.nAssemble the nachos: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread a layer of tortilla chips on an ovenproof platter. Top with a layer of the ragu and cover with the parmigiano and fontina cheeses. Bake until the cheeses melt, 5 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, mix the chopped chipotle, adobo sauce and mascarpone in a bowl. Sprinkle the arugula over the nachos and finish with dollops of the chipotle mascarpone and the pickled onions. A gooey cheesy treat. Delish.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 stalks celery, diced, 2 onions, diced, 1 small fennel bulb, top and core removed, diced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 2 cups tomato paste, 2 cups hearty red wine, 2 pounds spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, 2 bay leaves, 1 bunch thyme, tied with butchers twine, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt, 2 to 3 dashes hot sauce such as Tabasco, 1 red onion, sliced into thin rings, 1 large bag corn tortilla chips, 12 to 34 cup grated parmigianoreggiano cheese, 12 to 34 cup grated fontina cheese, 1 chipotle chile in adobo sauce, chopped, plus 1 12 teaspoons sauce from the can, 12 cup 4 ounces mascarpone cheese, 1 cup packed arugula], title: Spicy Sausage Ragu Nachos With Pickled Onions, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 45344: {instructions: Soak dried porcini mushrooms in hot water for 15 minutes, until soft.nCook penne according to package directions.nWhile penne is cooking, heat oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add leeks and cook for 2 minutes, or until soft. Add shiitake mushrooms and cook for 3 minutes, until mushrooms soften. Strain porcini mushrooms through a sieve, reserving soaking liquid. Chop porcini mushrooms and add to skillet. Add chicken and tarragon and cook 1 minute, until tarragon is fragrant.nAdd reserved mushroom soaking liquid and 1 cup of the chicken broth and bring to a simmer, for 5 minutes. In a small bowl, using a whisk, dissolve cornstarch in remaining 14 cup chicken broth and add to the pan with the peas. Simmer 2 minutes until it reaches a full boil, and the sauce thickens. Stir in cooked penne and cook 1 minute to heat through. Remove from heat and stir in parsley. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper., ingredients: [1ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 1 cup hot water, 1 pound penne pasta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 leek, rinsed well and chopped, 1 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 heaping cup cooked chicken, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, 1 14 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, divided, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 12 cup frozen green peas, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Salt, Ground black pepper], title: Penne with Chicken, Wild Mushrooms and Peas, picturelink: NthkwcOK94jq4EfMHWBg05GUifPvbJ6}, 45345: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the onions, including juices, and cook until tender, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic, white pepper, paprika, and salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Cook for a few minutes to let the flavors bloom, and then slowly stir in the heavy cream. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally, and cook until slightly thickened, about 8 minutes. Add the cheeses and stir until melted, then remove from heat. Stir in the pasta and toss until thoroughly combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve warm garnished with parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 small onion, grated with juices retained, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 14 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups heavy cream, room temperature, 8 ounces Colby Jack cheese, shredded, 4 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded, 1 pound baby shell pasta, cooked al dente, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Creamy Stovetop Mac and Cheese, picturelink: lNnRDkp67pDJsgM1ALt6x2emU4IaZe}, 45346: {instructions: Pulse 1 tablespoon each Szechuan peppercorns and coriander seeds in a mini food processor or spice grinder until coarsely ground. Transfer to a bowl stir in 1 tablespoon flaky sea salt. Sprinkle on grilled steak.nTIP: Use this salt to spice up a steak, or try it on pork, chicken, fish or vegetables.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Peppercorn and Coriander Salt, picturelink: X9MEArKznX5O3jh0KyuX.lPEGPBWp.2}, 45347: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLay the bacon slices on a rack on a baking sheet. Bake until crispy, 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside and keep warm.nMake the hollandaise mix according to package instructions, using the clam juice and milk with the 14 cup butter. Whisk in the prepared hollandaise. Set aside and keep warm.nPut the pesto into a small bowl and mix in the herbs. Thin it with a little water.nMelt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cut the croissants in half and cook them in the butter until they are nicely browned. Warm the crab in the same pan.nBring a medium skillet of water to a very gentle simmer and add the white vinegar. Crack an egg into a small dish and carefully slip it into the water. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, depending on how hard or soft you like your yolk. Remove with a slotted spoon onto a papertowellined plate. Continue with the rest of the eggs.nTo assemble: Put 2 croissant halves onto a plate. Cut 4 bacon strips in half and lay the strips on top of the croissants. Place 2 poached eggs on top of the bacon. Place a spoonful of crabmeat on top. Cover with hollandaise and sprinkle 1 teaspoon chopped olives over each. Drizzle the pesto around the plate., ingredients: [16 slices thickcut bacon, One .9ounce package hollandaise sauce mix, 12 cup bottled clam juice, 12 cup milk, 14 cup 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, One 4ounce container prepared refrigerated hollandaise sauce, 12 cup storebought pesto, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh sage, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 4 croissants, 1 cup lump crabmeat, 8 large eggs, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 8 teaspoons finely chopped black olives], title: Divinely Rich Eggs Benedict with Crab, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 45348: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the buttered egg noodles: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the egg noodles and cook according to the package instructions. Drain and set aside.nFor the beef stroganoff: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the meat with salt and pepper. Add half the meat to the pan and brown it quickly. Remove the first batch and cook the rest of the meat. Remove and set aside with the first batch.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet and cook the mushrooms, carrots and onions until lightly browned. Turn off the heat and add the brandy and 2 cups of the stock. Turn the heat back on and reduce the liquid for 2 to 3 minutes. Mix the cornstarch with the remaining 14 cup stock, getting out all the lumps. Pour the slurry into the skillet and cook until the sauce thickens.nTurn off the heat. Stir in the sour cream, mustard and beef. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.nTo finish the noodles, melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the cooked egg noodles and toss to heat through and coat with the butter.nServe the stroganoff with the noodles, and sprinkle with the parsley., ingredients: [12 ounces egg noodles, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound sirloin steak, cut into small cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces cremini mushroom caps, halved, 2 carrots, finely chopped, 12 onion, finely chopped, 12 cup brandy, 2 14 cups beef stock, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 cup sour cream, 1 heaping teaspoon Dijon mustard, Chopped fresh parsley, for serving], title: Beef Stroganoff, picturelink: 2NoUOQ78ix9OVD6cBAB8hZyKkL5IH7e}, 45349: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat skillet over medium high heat. Add oil, then butter. When butter melts, add red peppers and squash. Saute 12 to 14 minutes until squash is tender. Add salt, pepper and parsley. Add chives or scallions if you would like a layer of light onion flavor on the dish as well., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 red bell pepper, chopped, 2 small to medium yellow squash, sliced, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped chives or 2 scallions, optional], title: Sauteed Yellow Squash, picturelink: kawBzJ4uLNg89l7t9BdkUefPE1aDKJi}, 45350: {instructions: Place sausage in hot cast iron skillet and brown on all sides. Add water, cover and let steam for 5 to 8 minutes or until sausages are no longer pink in the middle. Remove to plate. Drain off any remaining water from skillet. Add olive oil to same skillet along with peppers and onions. Cook over medium heat until soft, about 20 minutes. Place sausage in a roll with peppers and onions. Serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Italian sausage, 2 green peppers, sliced, 12 cup water, 2 onions, sliced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 long hard rolls], title: Italian Sausages with Peppers and Onions, picturelink: null}, 45351: {instructions: In a mediumsize mixing bowl, combine hotdogs, beans, ketchup, and hot sauce. Set aside.nPress 2 crescentroll triangles together and roll them out to make a rectangle about 5 by 4 inches. Cut crosswise into 3 even pieces. Repeat with remaining dough to make a total of 12 pieces.nSpoon a little of the hotdog mixture onto the center of each piece of dough and top with a little cheddar. Fold the dough around the filling and pinch the ends together to seal.nPlace the bites on a greased baking sheet and bake until browned, about 30 minutes. Serve hot, with sour cream., ingredients: [2 hotdogs, finely chopped, 12 cup canned baked beans, 1 teaspoon ketchup, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 8ounce can crescent roll dough, 12 cup grated cheddar, 12 cup sour cream, Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.], title: Christinas Chili Bites, picturelink: null}, 45352: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nOn a piece of kitchen parchment, trace the bottom of your serving bowl that will be in the center of your biscuit wreath. Turn the parchment over and use to line your baking sheet. Set aside.nIn a bowl, stir to combine sugar, pumpkin pie spice, and cinnamon set aside.nOpen can of biscuits and separate into individual biscuits.nSprinkle a rolling surface with some of the sugarspice mixture. One at a time, press each biscuit into the bowl of sugarspice mixture. Roll each biscuit on sugared surface to a 5inch diameter. Using 2inch andor 3inch leaf cutters, cut leaf shapes for your wreath reserve dough scraps. Position leaves overlapping around the circle drawn on parchment. Set aside.nLightly beat egg with 1 tablespoon of water. Using a pastry brush, paint egg wash between the leaves where they overlap.nReroll extra dough to cut out single leaf shapes or to make mini individual wreaths.nBake in preheated oven for 14 to 17 minutes. Remove from oven and cool completely before moving.nWhile wreath is baking, stir together sifted powdered sugar and maple syrup until smooth. Cover and set aside.nOnce wreath has cooled, use a clean paint brush to apply glaze to leaves  painting every other leaf so that there is separation., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 16.3ounce can refrigerated biscuits recommended: Pillsbury Grands, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 1 cup powdered sugar, sifted, 14 cup maple syrup], title: Sweet Biscuit Wreath, picturelink: g3VgK8VpngWSGXsojjiRAAcu6WR6f9O}, 45353: {instructions: Heat milk, water, sugar to a boil, remove from heat and stir in chocolate and butterscotch chips until they melt into milk. Pour into small mugs or cups and top with whipped cream swirls and crushed toffee., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 12 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 ounces butterscotch chips, 1 canister whipped cream, available on dairy aisle, 1 toffee bar, crushed recommended: Heath bars], title: Toffee Hot Chocolate, picturelink: kEZJ37XzJ4k8hQDlCN6vAkGcnsCyRky}, 45354: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Place the lobster claws in water for 3 minutes. Dont cook them through, but enough to be easily removed from the shell. Remove the claws from the water. Add the tails to the water and cook for 3 minutes. Extract the meat from the claws and the tails and set aside.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the shallots, garlic and any scraps from the sliced fennel, saute until slightly brown. Add the lobster bodies, the cracked shells from the tails and the claws, saute another 5 minutes. Add a few good pinches of kosher salt and stir.nDeglaze with vermouth and simmer until the alcohol is mostly cooked down. Add the heavy cream, turn the heat to low. Let simmer for about 30 minutes. Strain, add tarragon and pepper. Dice the parcooked lobster tail, and add to the cream mixture.nWhile the cream is simmering, crack the eggs into a large bowl and whisk. Add the sliced fennel and coat well. Pour the bread crumbs onto a plate. Dip each fennel slice in the panko, pressing firmly to coat completely on both sides. Lay the coated fennel slices on a plate.nIn a large saute pan, heat 12 cup of canola oil over medium heat. Fry the breaded fennel one piece at a time, making sure not to overcrowd the pan. When golden brown on one side, flip and cook the other side to the same golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Drain the fennel on paper towel and season with salt.nThe next step works better with a grill, but if this isnt an option, a saute pan works well.nPreheat a grill. Coat the parcooked claws with olive oil, salt, and pepper. Place the claw meat on a very hot grill, cook about 2 minutes per side, and remove from the heat.nTo construct a plate, lay down one slice of fennel, then place one claw on top. Layer another slice of fennel and another claw on top. Spoon the cream liberally over the top, making sure each plate gets a nice amount of tail meat., ingredients: [4 1pound lobsters, cut in half lengthwise, tails and claws removed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 shallots, roughly chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 4 small fennel bulbs cut top to bottom into 12inch slices, save the pieces that arent perfect slices, 1 cup dry vermouth, 1 quart 32ounces heavy cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 eggs, 5 cups panko bread crumbs, Kosher salt, Canola oil, for frying, Olive oil, for grilling], title: Lobster and Fennel Napoleon with Herbed Lobster Cream, picturelink: vWISENdaf4eKobI2CHRWfXynHUGMm5K}, 45355: {instructions: For the banana bread: Position an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line an 18by13inch rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper, allowing for a 1inch overhang at each long end. Spray the parchment with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mash the bananas on medium speed until soft. Turn the speed to mediumlow and add the granulated sugar, oil, vanilla and eggs and mix until the bananas are pureed and the mixture is smooth. Turn the speed to low and add the flour mixture to the banana mixture in 2 additions, mixing well between them. Mix until just combined.nSpread the batter out in an even layer in the prepared baking sheet using a spatula, and tap the pan against the countertop once to remove air bubbles. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean and the bread is golden and pulls away from the pan, 22 to 25 minutes. Let cool in the pan 15 minutes. Remove the bread using the parchment overhang to a baking rack to cool completely, 30 minutes.nFor the frosting: Meanwhile, in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese on medium speed until softened, 1 minute. Add the confectioners sugar in 2 batches, beating on low speed until combined after each addition, 1 minute. Turn the speed to medium and add the sour cream and heavy cream and beat until smooth, silky and wellcombined. Transfer to a resealable plastic bag and chill.nFor assembling the napoleons: Transfer the bread with its parchment to a large cutting board. Using a ruler to get a straight edge, trim 14inch from all the edges. Cut the bread into thirtyfive 3by1 12inch rectangles cut every 3 inches along the length and 1 12 inches along the width.. Line the rectangles up vertically on a cutting board. Cut the corner off of the bag of frosting, and pipe a zigzag of frosting over each of the pieces. Stack 2 banana bread and frosting layers upon each other. Repeat with the remaining layers of bread and frosting to make seventeen 2layer napoleons you will have one unpartnered piece of cake left over. Top each napoleon with a banana chip, if using., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 4 soft, very ripe bananas about 13 ounces, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, Banana chips, for serving, optional, 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 34 cup sour cream, 13 cup heavy cream], title: Banana Bread Napoleon, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 45356: {instructions: Heat the oil in large skillet over high heat. Stirfry the cabbage 5 minutes then season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add vinegar and honey, sesame seeds and oil. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable, peanut or canola oil, 1 small head red cabbage, shredded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon sesame oil], title: Warm Sesame Slaw Salad, picturelink: FmQ9zU4kcFnS539v4gEMGzj22ji8K}, 45357: {instructions: Slice the potatoes about 116inch thick with a mandolinstyle vegetable slicer. Put the slices in tepid water, to cover, and soak for 30 minutes.nFill a tall heavybottomed pot, like a stockpot, about a third full with the oil. Dont over fill the pot with oil, since it bubbles up during frying. Set a deep frying thermometer in the pot and heat the oil, over medium heat, to 360 degrees F.nDrain and spin the potatoes dry in a salad spinner. Spread the potatoes out on a pan and pat them dry with paper towels. When ready to fry, raise the heat to high. Working in small batches, carefully add the potatoes to the hot oil and fry until golden brown, about 2 to 2 12 minutes. Lift the chips from the oil with a slotted spoon and transfer to a papertowel covered baking sheet to drain. Season with the salt. Repeat with the remaining potatoes, taking care that the oil returns to 360 degrees F. before adding each batch. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds russet baking potatoes, scrubbed, Vegetable oil for deepfrying, like soy, peanut, or corn, Fine sea salt], title: Potato Chips, picturelink: null}, 45358: {instructions: Here, a colorful relish of avocado, tomato, red onion, lime juice and crushed red pepper tops the cuminrubbed black bean burger and adds delicious flavor.n1. In small bowl toss together avocado, tomato, onion, 12 teaspoon of the lime juice and red pepper. Set aside.n2. Brush veggie burger on both sides with the remaining 12 teaspoon lime juice. Rub cumin onto both sides of burger. Cook according to package directions.n3. Top bun bottom with burger, avocado mixture and bun top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons seeded, peeled, and finely chopped avocado, 2 tablespoons seeded and finely chopped tomato, 2 teaspoons finely chopped red onion, 1 teaspoon lime juice divided, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 Morningstar Farmsu00ae Spicy Black Bean Veggie Burger, 18 teaspoon cumin, 1 hamburger bun, split about 1 12 oz.], title: Morningstar Farmsandreg Cumin Crusted Black Bean Burger with Avocado Relish, picturelink: M4iLvTTUvsmE8Rtn7O00SjGv12iXwQS}, 45359: {instructions: Toss the onion with the vinegar and 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl. Let stand 15 minutes, then drain. Meanwhile, cook the turkey bacon as the label directs until crisp.nMash the avocado with the yogurt in another small bowl until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nLay 4 slices of bread on a cutting board and spread with half of the avocadoyogurt mixture. Top with the lettuce and tomato and season with salt and pepper. Add a layer of turkey breast, bacon, cucumber and red onion. Spread the remaining avocado mixture on the remaining 4 bread slices and place spreadside down on top of the sandwiches. Cut each sandwich in half to serve.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [13 cup thinly sliced red onion, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 8 slices turkey bacon, 1 Hass avocado, halved and pitted, 12 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 slices wholegrain bread, lightly toasted, 8 small leaves romaine lettuce, 1 tomato, cut into 8 slices, 12 ounces sliced lowsodium deli turkey breast, 12 small English cucumber, sliced], title: TurkeyAvocado Clubs, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 45360: {instructions: Bring the chicken stock to a boil over high heat.nClean the artichokes, leaving the tender inner leaves attached to the hearts, and halved. Rub with 12 lemon.nCook artichokes until tender, about 10 minutes.nIn a saute pan over low heat, saute onions and garlic together in olive oil. Add rice and toast to harden the outer starch. Add wine and slowly add chicken stock, only adding as much as will evaporate in 1 minute, until rice is cooked and creamy.nWhen the rice is cooked, remove from heat and allow it to set for a few minutes to absorb any remaining liquid. Just before serving, mix in the artichokes, cheese, chopped parsley, thyme leaves, and salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 quart chicken stock, 10 baby artichokes, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon virgin olive oil, 1 pound arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 cup grated Sicilian pecorino, 2 tablespoon fresh minced Italian parsley, 1 sprig thyme, leaves removed, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper], title: Artichoke Risotto: Risotto Coi Carciofi, picturelink: null}, 45361: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small mixing bowl whisk together the yogurt, mayonnaise, lemon juice, honey, vanilla extract and salt. Season with pepper, to taste. Set aside.nPlace all of the fruit and the nuts into a large mixing bowl and toss to combine. Add the dressing, toss and serve., ingredients: [12 cup plain yogurt, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and diced, 1 cup seedless grapes, halved, 1 pear, peeled, cored and diced, 10 to 12 medium size strawberries, halved, 1 mango, peeled and diced, 1 banana, sliced, 13 cup chopped walnuts, toasted], title: Fruit Salad with Vanilla Dressing, picturelink: .BKVOYtSAeO.8N0iktg45J7Q2a1sijy}, 45362: {instructions: For the hazelnut ganache: Put the chocolate couverture in a medium bowl and set aside. In a medium saucepan, scald the heavy cream. Pour the scalded heavy cream over the chocolate couveture and set aside for 3 to 5 minutes to allow the scalded milk to melt the chocolate. With a rubber spatula, gently stir the chocolate and heavy cream until fully blended and smooth. Add the butter and stir with a rubber spatula to incorporate. Add the hazelnut extract and stir to incorporate. Pour the mixture into a large pastry bag and set aside.nPretreat the polycarbonate chocolate mold with red or any color desired cocoa butter. Once the cocoa butter is set, brush each mold with a thin layer of tempered chocolate. Fill the entire mold with the fluid tempered chocolate and tap on work surface to release air bubbles. Quickly invert the mold and tap out excess chocolate. With a putty knife, scrape off the rest of the chocolate, let the mold rest upside down for 1 minute, and then scrape off surface of mold again. Let the chocolate set. Fill each mold with hazelnut ganache, 34 of the way full. Let the hazelnut ganache set. Pour the fluid tempered chocolate over the mold and spread thin, scraping off any excess. Tap mold on surface to release any air bubbles, and then scrape excess chocolate again. Transfer the finished mold to the freezer and let set for 2 to 3 minutes. Pull out the mold, invert, and tap on clean work surface to release finished bonbon.nTo assemble: Dip the hazelnuts in fluid tempered chocolate and let set. Attach to finished bonbons with a small dab of tempered chocolate. With a small pastry bag, pipe the tempered chocolate on parchment paper in a 1 12inch upsidedown Vshape. Repeat to make 80. Once set, lift the piped tempered chocolate and attach to the bonbons with a small dab of tempered chocolate to look like the legs of a spider.nOver a double boiler, melt 1 pound 4 ounces chocolate to 115 to 120 degrees F. Bring the bowl with the melted chocolate to a flat, clean work surface preferably marble or stainless steel , wiping away any access water or steam from the bowl. With a rubber spatula, fully incorporate the remaining 2 ounces chocolate. Bring down the temperature of the chocolate to 80 to 84 degrees F by either stirring constantly in a figure 8 motion, or tabling see Cooks Note. Once cooled, test the chocolate by dipping a small strip of parchment paper into the melted chocolate, and then lay it down on a clean work surface. If tempered, the chocolate on the parchment paper should be dry, hard, shiny, and without any streaks in 3 to 5 minutes. If any of these occur, keep stirring agitating the chocolate, or table it again, until a parchment paper test shows that the chocolate is tempered. When tempered, bring the chocolate back to the double boiler and reheat to NO HIGHER than 89 degrees F. Bringing the temperature back up aids in a more fluid working consistency. Transfer the chocolate to a chocolate warmer or set the bowl on top of a heating pad at medium setting to keep in temper., ingredients: [1 pound dark chocolate couverture, 10 ounces heavy cream, 2 ounces butter, room temperature, 1 teaspoon hazelnut extract, 80 polycarbonate chocolate molds, Red cocoa butter, for treating mold, Tempered Dark Chocolate Couverture, recipe follows, 80 whole hazelnuts, 1 pound 6 ounces dark chocolate couverture, divided], title: Dark Chocolate Hazelnut BonBon Spiders, picturelink: OgMBCF1BS6NVHVII..rPMVl8raEG3k.}, 45363: {instructions: Fill mug with beer. Fill shot glass 34 full with Amaretto. Top with rum. Place shot glass and contents into beer. Enjoy., ingredients: [1 cold mug must be a mug, 1 lager beer, 1 shot glass, 1 shot Amaretto, 14 shot of 151 Rum], title: Doctor Pepper Shot, picturelink: null}, 45364: {instructions: In a heavy skillet cook the onion, the carrots, and the garlic in 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until the carrots are softened and stir in the bell pepper. Drain the beans, and in a bowl combine them with the vegetable mixture, the chicken stock, the remaining 6 tablespoons oil, the parsley, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Let the salad stand, covered and chilled. The salad may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Serve the salad at room temperature with the pita wedges., ingredients: [2 cans 16 ounce white beans, 1 onion, chopped fine, 2 carrots, chopped fine, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup minced red bell pepper, 12 cup warm chicken stock, 12 cup minced fresh flat leafed parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Pita loaves, cut into wedges, as an accompaniment], title: White Bean and Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 45365: {instructions: Special equipment: butchers twinenPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nButterfly the pork loin and pound it out to an even thickness of 12 to 34 inch.nAdd the broccoli rabe to a large pot of boiling water and cook until just tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Submerge the broccoli rabe in a bowl of ice water until cooled, then wring it out to remove as much water as possible. Roughly chop and add to a medium bowl.nTo the broccoli rabe, add the breadcrumbs, sausage, Parmesan and egg stir to combine. Lay a large piece of caul fat out on a large, flat work surface. Lay about 6 prosciutto slices in the middle, slightly overlapping. Arrange the flattened out pork loin on top of the prosciutto. Set the sausage mixture on the pork loin and shape it into a neat, even log. Wrap 2 pieces of prosciutto around each end of the log and fold the prosciutto thats underneath up and around the pork. Roll the pork loin around the filling and into a log, wrapping the caul fat around it in an even layer. Tie with butchers twine to secure.nCoat a pan with olive oil and place it over mediumhigh heat. Sear the pork roulade until golden brown on all sides. Transfer to a baking dish and bake 10 minutes reserve the fat in the pan for the Roasted Red Potatoes. Flip the roulade and continue to bake until the internal temperature registers 150 degrees F, about 10 minutes more. Let rest for 5 minutes, then remove the string. Slice and serve with Roasted Red Potatoes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the potatoes in a large bowl along with the fat from searing the roulade. Add the Parmesan, garlic, rosemary and some salt toss to coat. Spread the potatoes out on a baking sheet and bake until tender, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [One 1 12pound pork loin, 1 bunch broccoli rabe, 1 cup breadcrumbs, 3 links sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 egg, 4 ounces caul fat, 4 ounces prosciutto, cut into long slices, Olive oil, for cooking, Roasted Red Potatoes, for serving, recipe follows, 5 red potatoes, quartered, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Chopped fresh rosemary, for sprinkling, Salt], title: Pork Roulade with Roasted Red Potatoes, picturelink: JbDnzjkH1dtnwIM2X9Ou5GPVXcnKYK}, 45366: {instructions: Microwave lime in a small bowl to release essential oils and set aside until it is just cool enough to handle.nRinse beef to remove any blood residue and pat dry with paper toweling. Rub with salt and pepper and set aside briefly. Combine shallots, garlic, thyme, parsley, sage and olive oil to form a smooth paste. Rub into beef and let sit for a minimum of 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat oil in a large saute pan with an oven safe handle, and sear beef on all sides. Roast in oven until the beef reaches an internal temperature of 125 degrees F, about 20 to 25 minutes, so when you pull it out it will reach 145 degrees F for medium doneness during the carryover cooking while it is resting. You will be using the pan juices for the lentils, so do not discard them.nWhile the beef is roasting, rinse lentils in a colander and examine to make sure there are is no foreign material such as pebbles. Transfer to a saucepot with just enough water to cover, and bring to a boil. Reduce and simmer for about 20 minutes until lentils are rehydrated and water is absorbed, then remove from heat.nWhile lentils are cooking, heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and saute white onion until translucent. Add 2 tablespoons butter to the saute pan and when it melts, add shiitake, crimini, and portobello mushrooms to the onion pan along with sage and thyme. Cook mushrooms until they begin to soften and to give up their juices. Stir sauteed onion mushroomherb mixture into pot of lentils along with demiglace. Lower heat and cook for a few minutes to integrate flavors, but do not allow lentils to get mushy. Remove from heat and keep in a warm place.nRemove beef from oven and transfer to a utility platter to let rest. Strain pan juices from beef into lentil mixture and stir to combine. Keep covered and warm.nSliced rested beef into thin slices. Stir diced tomato into lentils. Spoon some lentilmushroom mixture into the center of serving dish and top with beef. Garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [6 small springs of fresh parsley, chopped, 1 fresh lime, 4 pounds about 2 roasts beef shoulder tender major, silver skin removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 shallots, finely minced, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves minced, 3 sprigs fresh parsley, leaves finely chopped, 2 fresh sage leaves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound dried lentils, 1 tablespoon olive oil to saute white onion, 1 white onion, chopped, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 cup about 2 ounces shiitake mushrooms, cleaned with a brush and trimmed, 12 cup about 2 ounces crimini mushrooms, cleaned with a brush and trimmed, 2 portobello mushrooms about 5 ounces, cleaned with a brush, gills removed, trimmed and sliced, 2 fresh sage leaves, finely minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, about 4 large sprigs, 12 cup demiglace brown sauce, 1 large ripe tomato, seeds removed and diced], title: Wild Mushrooms and Beef over Lentils, picturelink: null}, 45367: {instructions: In a bowl combine the avocadoes, red onion, jalapeno, cilantro, Cotija, lime juice, chili powder and 1 teaspoon salt. Mix well while mashing up the avocadoes slightly. Serve immediately with tortilla chips., ingredients: [3 ripe Hass or Reed avocadoes, peeled, pits removed, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, 12 large jalapeno, seeds removed, finely minced, 1 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, 14 cup Cotija cheese, crumbled, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Kosher salt, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Guacamole, picturelink: qIiS64R3wq1Y7zwtiCpO0PrB0Q5Ai}, 45368: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the lemon zest, lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, garlic, rosemary, thyme, mustard, and 2 teaspoons salt in a sturdy 1gallon resealable plastic bag. Add the pork tenderloins and turn to coat with the marinade. Squeeze out the air and seal the bag. Marinate the pork in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours but preferably overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the tenderloins from the marinade and discard the marinade but leave the herbs that cling to the meat. Sprinkle the tenderloins generously with salt and pepper. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Sear the pork tenderloins on all sides until golden brown. Place the saute pan in the oven and roast the tenderloins for 10 to 15 minutes or until the meat registers 137 degrees F at the thickest part. Transfer the tenderloins to a platter and cover tightly with aluminum foil. Allow to rest for 10 minutes. Carve in 12inchthick diagonal slices. The thickest part of the tenderloin will be quite pink its just fine and the thinnest part will be well done. Season with salt and pepper and serve warm, or at room temperature with the juices that collect in the platter., ingredients: [1 lemon, zest grated, 34 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 4 to 6 lemons, Good olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced garlic 6 cloves, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt, 3 pork tenderloins about 1 pound each, Freshly ground black pepper], title: HerbMarinated Pork Tenderloins, picturelink: SvHjKpKwrXQnDvAfnb7tTENvsdfmmOi}, 45369: {instructions: Combine the tomatoes, cilantro, jalapeno, onion, lime juice and 1 teaspoon salt in a blender. Pulse until broken down but still chunky, scraping the inside of the carafe as necessary., ingredients: [4 medium tomatoes, cored, seeded and chopped, 12 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves and thin stems only, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 12 small white onion, chopped, Juice of 1 lime about 2 tablespoons, Kosher salt], title: Blender Pico de Gallo, picturelink: XAYitQrRehKPHFlbdFiDP1xREaQXq6}, 45370: {instructions: In a medium sized bowl, combine all of the ingredients and stir to combine. Marinate the sole fillets in the mixture for approximately 12 hour. Heat a large saute pan over medium heat. Add enough oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan and heat. Add the sole fillets and cook the marinated sole for approximately 4 minutes per side, or until they are cooked through. A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nIn a medium sized saute pan, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the sliced ginger and fry the pieces until they are browned and crispy. In a small saucepan, bring 2 cups of water to a rolling boil. Add the rice to the pot and turn down the heat to low. Cover the pot and allow the rice to simmer until all of the water is absorbed. Before serving, stir the fried ginger and black sesame seeds into the pot.nClean and slice the fennel bulb into thin strips. In a medium sized bowl, combine all of the remaining ingredients. Mix the fennel strips into the bowl with the vinaigrette and toss everything together. Set aside.nIn a large saute pan, heat ginger oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the cleaned stalks of bok choy into the pan and allow the stalks to simmer in the oil. Add chicken stock and soy sauce to the pan and cover the pan until the bok choy becomes tender., ingredients: [14 cup white miso, 14 cup mirin, 14 cup sake, 14 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 1inch piece ginger root, sliced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3 fillets sole, Oil, to saute, Jasmine Rice, recipe follows, Orange Fennel Salad, recipe follows, Braised Boy Choy, recipe follows, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon sliced ginger, 1 cup jasmine rice, 1 teaspoon black sesame seeds, 1 bulb fennel, 18 cup chopped orange segments, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 18 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon ginger oil, 3 heads baby bok choy, cleaned, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon soy sauce], title: Miso marinated Sole topped with Jasmine Rice with Fried Ginger and Orange Fennel Salad and Braised Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 45371: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the buttercream icing: Cream together the sugar and butter in a small bowl until light and fluffy. Mix in the zest and vanilla extract.nFor the carrot cookies: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nCream together the butter and sugar using an electric hand mixer or a stand mixer until light and fluffy, at least 5 minutes. Add in the eggs one at a time and beat for 2 minutes after each addition. Mix in the carrot baby food, orange zest and vanilla.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a separate mixing bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and beat together on low speed until incorporated, 1 minute.nUsing a small 2ounce ice cream scoop, drop by heaping scoops onto the prepared baking sheets, 15 cookies per sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, rotating halfway through. Transfer to a cooling rack. Frost the cookies with the buttercream icing while still warm., ingredients: [2 cups powdered sugar, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons orange zest or the zest of 1 large orange, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 cup carrot baby food, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Carrot Cookies with Orange Buttercream Icing, picturelink: VbkHoTpZScbXio0vB6HlIoYWyYaTTe}, 45372: {instructions: Sauce: Char peppers over gas flame or under broiler until blistered on all sides. Enclose in a paper bag and let stand 15 minutes. Peel peppers, remove stem and seeds, and dice. Measure 14 cup diced peppers into a small bowl and add mayonnaise, sour cream, cilantro, lime juice, ginger, garlic, and salt stir well.nBurgers: Meanwhile, in large bowl, beat egg and stir in panko, soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil, ginger, garlic, lime juice and zest, red pepper flakes, and salt. Add ahi and combine gently form 4 patties.nHeat vegetable oil on nonstick griddle over mediumhigh heat. Add patties and cook 3 to 4 minutes per side. Toast rolls under broiler during last few minutes of cooking. Spread sauce on roll bottom and top with onion, tomato, sprouts, and additional sauce. Add roll tops and devour., ingredients: [2 Anaheim chile peppers, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 12 cup panko Japanese bread crumbs, 4 teaspoons soy sauce, 4 teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 pounds ahi tuna fillets, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 seeded Kaiser rolls, split, 1 large Maui onion or other sweet onion, thinly sliced, 1 large vineripened tomato, sliced, 1 package radish or sunflower sprouts], title: Island Ahi Burgers with CilantroChileLime Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45373: {instructions: Put the apple cider, cognac and apples in a large pitcher and stir to combine. Chill for at least an hour.nStir most of the pomegranate seeds into the mixture, reserving a few for garnish. Pour in the cava. Pour the sangria into glasses and garnish each with a few pomegranate seeds., ingredients: [2 cups apple cider, 12 cup cognac, 2 apples, peeled, cored and julienned, 14 cup pomegranate seeds, One 750milliliter bottle cava or other dry sparkling wine, chilled], title: Sparkling Apple Cider Sangria, picturelink: KcF0SmNQnTTbNUKbhZJxJqHvblvkU6}, 45374: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Use some of the butter to lightly coat a 9inch round cake pan. Place remaining butter in a mixing bowl and add the sugar. Beat well with a whisk until light and fluffy. Add the molasses and whisk well to combine. Slowly add the half and half, then the egg, whisking constantly to incorporate thoroughly. Sift together the flour, baking soda, and spices and add to batter. Whisk until just combined do not overwork. Pour batter into the prepared pan and bake for 50 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Remove from oven and run a knife around the inside of the pan. Let cake cool in pan ten minutes then invert to remove from pan. Let cool completely and sift powdered sugar over the top to decorate., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup molasses, 1 cup half and half 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups all purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 3 teaspoons ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, Powdered sugar, for finishing], title: Tropical Spice Cake, picturelink: null}, 45375: {instructions: Trim the cauliflower florets, cutting away as much stem as possible. In 3 batches, break up the florets into a food processor and pulse until the mixture resembles couscous.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. At the first wisp of smoke from the oil, add the onions, and stir to coat. Continue cooking, stirring frequently, until the onions are golden brown at the edges and have softened, about 8 minutes. Add the cauliflower, and stir to combine. Add 1 teaspoon salt, and continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the cauliflower has softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.nSpoon the cauliflower into a large serving bowl, garnish with the parsley, sprinkle with the lemon juice and season to taste with salt. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 large head cauliflower, separated into 1inch florets, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely diced, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Healthy Cauliflower Rice, picturelink: kWQKPqhJzJB6Gy9pPUX23wTT17RPyjW}, 45376: {instructions: For the pancakes: In a mixing bowl, combine the dry ingredients. In a separate bowl, combine the honey, eggs, milk and melted butter. Add the egg mixture to the dry ingredients and mix well. Heat a griddle over high heat, brush with oil and add 14 cup batter for each pancake. Fry for about 1 minute, or until dry around the edges, turn, and fry for about 30 seconds until cooked through.nFor the lobster: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Kill the lobsters by inserting a sharp knife into the cross mark on the top shell between the heat and the body. Pull or cut off the claws. Pull or cut off the tails and cut in half lengthwise. Discard the bodies. Heat the olive oil in a large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat until smoking. Season the lobster pieces to taste with salt and pepper and sear 3 minutes. Pour off excess oil. Place the pan in the oven and roast until the lobster is cooked through, 15 minutes. Reseason if necessary.nFor the relish: Combine all ingredients and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the sauce: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and sweat the ginger, garlic, curry paste and onion for 3 minutes. Raise the heat to high, add the wine and stock and reduce until 14 cup of liquid remains. Reduce the heat to medium, add the cream and simmer for 15 minutes. Combine the sauce and the roasted pepper in a blender and process until smooth. Strain through a fine strainer into a bowl, add the sugar and salt and pepper to taste.nAssemble: Place 1 pancake on 4 large plates and top with a layer of warm lobster and relish, repeat for 3 layers and drizzle with the red curry sauce., ingredients: [1 12 cups blue cornmeal, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, Salt, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 cups milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 live lobsters, 1 12 pounds each, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups roasted corn kernels, 3 tablespoons finely diced red onion, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro, 3 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons finely diced roasted red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon red curry paste, 14 cup coarsely chopped white onion, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup fish stock, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 roasted red bell pepper, peeled and seeded, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Roasted Lobster on Blue Corn Pancakes with Red Curry Sauce and Corn Relish, picturelink: null}, 45377: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray baking sheets with nostick cooking spray.n2. COMBINE shortening, brown sugar, honey, egg and vanilla in bowl of electric mixer. Beat at low speed until blended. Increase speed to medium. Beat until light and creamy.n3. COMBINE flour, cinnamon, baking soda and salt in medium bowl. Add gradually to shortening mixture at low speed. Increase speed to medium. Beat until well blended. Stir in oats, raisins and pecans. Drop by heaping tablespoonfuls onto prepared baking sheet.n4. BAKE 10 to 13 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheets. Place on cooling racks to cool completely.nTIP: For smaller cookies, drop dough by heaping teaspoonfuls. Bake 8 to 10 minutes. Makes 4 to 5 dozen cookies., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening OR 1 stick Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks, 1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 1 large egg, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla, 1 12 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 cups rolled oats, quick or oldfashioned, 1 cup raisins, 12 cup coarsely chopped pecans], title: Oatmeal Honey Cookies, picturelink: QEpFGGmwzgBOoD44xxRhf0irV22jy7.}, 45378: {instructions: Special equipment: Six 5ounce jars and a kitchen torchnFor the graham cracker crust: Add the graham crackers to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until the crackers are crushed in to crumbs. Add 2 tablespoons of graham cracker crumbs to each of six 5ounce jars. Press the crumbs down to the bottoms with the back of a spoon. Reserve the remaining graham cracker crumbs.nFor the pudding: Heat the milk until hot but not boiling in a saucepan on the stove or in a heatproof bowl in the microwave 1 minute on high. Beat the egg yolks in a medium bowl and add the hot milk, slowly at first, stirring constantly so the eggs do not scramble. Continue until all the milk is incorporated.nAdd the sugar, cornstarch and salt to a medium saucepan. Whisk until there are no lumps. Slowly whisk in the hot milk mixture in a steady stream so lumps do not form. Cook over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture starts to bubble and has thickened, about 10 minutes. Add the semisweet and unsweetened chocolate and stir until the chocolate is melted, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter and vanilla extract. Distribute the pudding among the jars and refrigerate until fully set, 2 to 3 hours.nFor the toppings:nRemove the jars from the refrigerator 2 hours before serving to come to room temperature. Just before serving, top the pudding with another layer of the reserved graham cracker crumbs. Add the miniature marshmallows to cover. Use a kitchen torch to brown the marshmallows. Top each Smores in a Jar with a large piece of graham cracker., ingredients: [Graham Cracker Crust:, 5 whole graham crackers, Pudding:, 3 cups whole milk, 2 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Toppings:, 50 miniature marshmallows, 2 graham crackers, broken into large pieces], title: Smores in a Jar, picturelink: el1nyDooIWKNGx.gPgz1a6rWd8t546}, 45379: {instructions: Heat the milk in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Once the milk is hot and steaming, stir in the chopped chocolate and sugar and stir until melted. Remove from the heat. Stir in the cinnamon, vanilla and cayenne, making sure the hot chocolate is smooth.nLadle into mugs and use a cinnamon stick to stir., ingredients: [4 cups lowfat milk, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Cinnamon sticks, for stirring], title: Mexican Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 45380: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove tough stems from mushrooms and brush with damp towel to clean, Slice mushrooms. Chop chicken into small pieces.nPreheat a large skillet or wok to high.nAdd oil to hot pan. Add chicken to the pan and sear meat by stir frying a minute or 2. Add mushrooms and cook another minute or two. Add salt and pepper to season, then garlic and ginger. Cook a minute more. Grate zest into pan, add bell pepper bits, chopped water chestnuts and scallions. Cook another minute, continuing to stir fry mixture. Add hoisin Chinese barbecue sauce and toss to coat the mixture evenly. Transfer the hot chopped barbecued chicken to serving platter and pile the quartered wedges of crisp iceberg lettuce along side. Add wedged oranges to platter to garnish. To eat, pile spoonfuls into lettuce leaves, wrapping lettuce around fillings and squeeze an orange wedge over., ingredients: [2 cups, 4 handfuls, fresh shiitake mushrooms, 1 13 to 1 12 pounds thin cut chicken breast or chicken tenders, 2 tablespoons light colored oil, such as vegetable oil or peanut oil, Coarse salt and coarse black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 inch ginger root, finely chopped or grated, optional, 1 orange, zested, 12 red bell pepper, diced small, 1 small tin, 6 to 8 ounces, sliced water chestnuts, drained and chopped, 3 scallions, chopped, 3 tablespoons hoisin, Chinese barbecue sauce, available on Asian foods aisle of market, 12 large head iceberg lettuce, core removed, head quartered, Wedges of navel orange  platter garnish], title: Barbecued Chinese Chicken Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: 63mRDCBWoGghl5szX78wsvYz221dyMO}, 45381: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a 9inch pie plate with the dough crimp the edges. Pierce the bottom all over with a fork, then refrigerate 15 minutes. Line the crust with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Place on a baking sheet and bake until set, about 7 minutes. Remove the foil and weights continue baking until golden, about 6 more minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool.nMeanwhile, spread the almonds on a baking sheet and bake until golden, about 8 minutes. Combine the apples, 5 tablespoons sugar, the butter, lemon juice and vanilla in a saucepan cover and cook over medium heat until the apples are tender, about 12 minutes. Uncover and cook, mashing and stirring with a potato masher, until saucy and starting to caramelize, about 12 more minutes let cool 15 minutes. Transfer the apples to the pie crust and sprinkle with the toasted almonds.nBeat the egg whites and salt with a mixer on medium speed until foamy, about 2 minutes. Gradually add the remaining 6 tablespoons sugar and beat until stiff, 2 to 3 more minutes. Transfer the meringue to a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch star tip. Pipe around the edge of the pie, then pipe in a lattice pattern. Bake until the meringue is golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool completely.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 round refrigerated pie dough half of a 14ounce package, 14 cup sliced blanched almonds, 6 McIntosh or Braeburn apples, peeled and chopped, 11 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 large egg whites, at room temperature, Pinch of salt], title: Apple Meringue Pie, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 45382: {instructions: To make the streusel: Put the flour, sugar and salt in a medium bowl and mix everything together by running the ingredients through your fingers. Drop in the butter and squeeze and rub the cubes into the mixture until you have a sandy mix. If you press a little streusel together, youll get lumps, which is just what you want. Drizzle the vanilla over the streusel and toss, squeeze and rub to distribute it. Cover the bowl and chill the streusel until needed. You can make the streusel up to 1 week ahead pack it in an airtight container and keep it refrigerated., ingredients: [34 cup 102 grams allpurpose flour, 13 cup 67 grams sugar, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 34 stick 6 tablespoons 3 ounces 85 grams cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Streusel, picturelink: null}, 45383: {instructions: Preheat a stovetop grill or sandwich press.nSlice the sub rolls end to end. Spread the butter evenly on both rolls. Repeat the process with mustard. Lay the ham, cheese, and pickle slices evenly in the roll. Put the sandwiches in a press or on the grill and cook for about 6 minutes, or until warm through or toasted on the outside., ingredients: [2 6inch sub rolls, 2 tablespoons soft butter, 2 tablespoons mustard, 4 slices boiled or smoked ham, 6 slices manchego cheese, 4 slices pickle, Special equipment: an indoor grill or a sandwich press], title: Pressed Cuban Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 45384: {instructions: Pat the steaks dry with paper towels and season well salt and freshly ground black pepper. Heat the oil in a heavybottomed cast iron skillet over mediumheat until just smoking.nAdd the steaks and brown well, undisturbed, about 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and repeat until browned, about 3 minutes more for mediumrare. Remove to a cutting board, tent with foil, and let rest for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, return skillet to stove, add the shallots and cook until softened, about 1 minute. Stir in the beer and cook until reduced slightly, about 1 minute. Stir in any accumulated meat juices and mustard. Remove the pan from the heat and add the butter. Swirl the pan to melt the butter or use a whisk to incorporate. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and arrange the steaks on serving plates. Pour the sauce over the steaks and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 boneless ribeye steaks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium shallot, minced, 1 cup lager or pilsner beer or chicken broth, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: RibEye with MustardBeer Pan Sauce, picturelink: 9e.qFVNzDqb5tE3Qwr1Er3c4vjQGpa}, 45385: {instructions: In a large bowl, finely mash the black beans with a potato masher or your hands. Add the shallots, red pepper flakes, smoked paprika, Worcestershire, hot sauce, cilantro, egg white, flour, salt and pepper. Mix well with a wooden spoon. Form into 4 patties and arrange on a platter.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. Sear patties for 3 to 4 minutes on each side until they have a nice crust. Remove the patties to a paper towel lined platter. Assemble the sandwiches with a patty, some spinach, roasted red peppers and red onion on the multigrain rolls. Top with a good drizzle of Szechuan Tomato Dressing and serve.nIn a small bowl, add the Szechuan sauce, tomatoes and cilantro. Whisk in the olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Use as a dressing for the black bean sandwiches., ingredients: [2 15ounce cans black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 shallots, minced, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 egg white, slightly beaten, 3 tablespoons wholewheat flour, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Spinach, Sliced roasted red peppers, jarred, Sliced red onion, 4 multigrain rolls, Szechuan Tomato Dressing, recipe follows, 14 cup Szechuan sauce, 14 cup chopped sundried tomatoes, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Deluxe Black Bean Burger, picturelink: null}, 45386: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper. With a hand mixer, beat frosting, powdered sugar, and vanilla in large bowl until smooth. Using a tablespoon measuring spoon or a 1ounce cookie scoop, form into balls and place on cookie sheet. Dust truffles with cocoa powder. Cover and refrigerate truffles until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 16ounce container chocolate frosting, 34 cup powdered sugar, sifted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder], title: Sensuous Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: aEiudydP9OJcfBFtpSG11iMIUUA1aOe}, 45387: {instructions: To make the filling, coat a large saute pan with 14 cup of the oil and place over medium heat. Add the onion, fennel and lemon zest and stir until soft, about 10 minutes. Add the pine nuts and rice, saute for 2 minutes, stirring to coat. Pour in just 12 cup of the chicken stock and lower the heat. Simmer until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is al dente, about 10 minutes. Scrape the parboiled rice mixture into a bowl and add the dill and parsley season with salt and pepper. Allow to cool. Now on to the grape leaves.nBring a big pot of water to a simmer. Blanch the grape leaves in the hot water for 5 minutes until pliable. Drain then trim the stems and any hard veins from the leaves. Pat dry with paper towels.nTo assemble the dolmades, lay a grape leaf on a work surface, shinyside down. Put 2 tablespoons of the rice filling near the stem end of the leaf. Fold the stem end over the filling, then fold both sides toward the middle, and roll up into a cigar u00bf it should be snug but not overly tight because the rice will swell once it is fully cooked. Squeeze lightly in the palm of your hand to secure the roll. Repeat with remaining grape leaves and filling.nPlace the dolmades in a large Dutch oven or wide deep skillet, seamside down in a single layer. Pour the remaining cup of broth, remaining olive oil, and the lemon juice over the dolmades, the liquid should reach halfway up the rolls, add some water if necessary. Cover the pan and simmer over low heat for 30 to 40 minutes, until the dolmades are tender when pierced with a fork. Serve warm, at room temperature or cool., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, finely chopped, 1 small fennel bulb, halved, cored and diced, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 cup pine nuts, 1 cup longgrain rice, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons finely chopped dill leaves, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 8ounce jar grape leaves, rinsed and drained, 2 lemons, juiced], title: Dolmades Stuffed Grape Leaves, picturelink: null}, 45388: {instructions: Mix 3 tablespoons softened butter with 4 minced anchovies. Spread on white bread and sandwich with sliced radishes. Trim the crusts and cut into pieces., ingredients: [], title: RadishAnchovy Tea Sandwich, picturelink: c8pZQ1U02FNjcpB6v9qCSR5uiHAjJhm}, 45389: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nAdd the olive oil, sage, rosemary, fennel seeds, garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon salt and 2 teaspoons pepper to a mortar and pestle. Mash until a paste forms.nUse a sharp knife to butterfly the pork. Follow the seams to open it up. Rub the meat with the paste into the inside cut. Drizzle the top with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roll and tie the pork, using kitchen twine, to make a compact shape. Add the head of garlic and the potatoes, cutside down, to the roasting pan. Drizzle lightly with olive oil, and then place the pork on top, fatside up.nPlace in the oven and roast until the skin is brown and the meat is extremely tender, about 5 hours. While it roasts, use a rosemary sprig to occasionally brush the meat with some additional olive oil while it cooks, every 40 minutes or so.nRemove from the oven and let rest for 20 minutes before slicing. Remove the kitchen twine before slicing into 12inch pieces. Remove the garlic from the pan to cool.nHeat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nDrizzle the peppers with a bit of olive oil, salt and pepper. Grill until tender, flipping half way through, about 4 minutes per side.nUse the juice from the bottom of the roasting pan to brush the bread. Grill the bread until golden brown. Top the bread with sliced pork, grilled peppers, arugula and roasted garlic if desired. Slice into desired servings., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling and brushing, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh sage, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh rosemary, plus sprigs for brushing, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, lightly crushed, 5 cloves garlic, peeled, plus 1 head, sliced in half, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 6 12pound bonein pork butt, 1 new potato, sliced in half, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and cut into eighths, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and cut into eighths, Baby arugula, for serving, 1 loaf ciabatta, sliced in half lengthwise, then sliced into 5inch pieces, Cabernet Sauvignon], title: Porchetta Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 45390: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour the lime sorbet, berries and tequila in a blender and combine until smooth, about 1 minute. Serve immediately or store in the freezer until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 pints lemon sorbet, 2 cups mixed frozen berries, thawed, 12 cup tequila anejo], title: Frozen Lemon and Mixed Berry Margarita, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 45391: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace pizza shell on a baking sheet. Spread cream cheese over entire surface of pizza shell. Sprinkle with garlic powder and lay salmon slices on top. Bake until cream cheese melts and salmon is golden. Top with chives and capers., ingredients: [1 prebaked 12inch diameter pizza shell recommended: Boboli, 8 ounces soft cream cheese, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 6 ounces smoked sliced salmon, 13 cup chopped fresh chives, 3 tablespoons chopped capers], title: Smoked Salmon Pizza, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 45392: {instructions: Clean the calamari and cut the bodies into thick rings, reserving the tentacles separately.nMix the milk and lemon juice in a large bowl. Let rest for 5 minutes until it thickens. Add the garlic hot sauce. Add the calamari and soak in the buttermilk for up to 4 hours.nIn a bowl, mix the flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, paprika and cayenne. Beat the eggs in another bowl.nRemove the calamari from the buttermilk and drain. Dip into the beaten egg, and then the flour mixture.nFill a heavy skillet with 2 cups vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh heat to 360 degrees F, or set a deep fryer to 360 degrees F. Fry the calamari, in batches, until brown and crispy, about 4 minutes. Place on a plate and pat dry any excess oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Serve with the Puttanesca Dipping Sauce and lemon wedges.nHeat the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and saute for 2 minutes. Add the garlic, tomato paste, anchovies, olives, capers and tomatoes. Saute for another 5 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and chile flakes. Add a little water if its too thick. Stir in the parsley and lemon zest., ingredients: [1 pound fresh calamari, 2 cups milk, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon garlic hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 2 cups flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 eggs, Vegetable oil, for frying, Puttanesca Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, Lemon wedges, for serving, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 anchovy fillets, finely chopped, 14 cup pitted, diced black olives, 1 tablespoon capers, 3 tomatoes, diced, A pinch chile flakes, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Zest of 12 lemon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fried Calamari, picturelink: null}, 45393: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a champagne glass combine Champagne, plum wine and cranberry juice. Garnish with a gumdrop., ingredients: [2 parts Champagne, 1 part plum wine, Splash cranberry juice, Gumdrops, for garnish], title: Sugar Plum Fairy, picturelink: Z1E730MdFvppbwyi6eFtYmmjogK8kje}, 45394: {instructions: Mix the eggs and milk together with a whisk. Combine with the ingredients from of the Summer Green Pea Salad. Pour into readymade crust. Sprinkle grated cheese on top of the mixture. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 25 minutes., ingredients: [4 eggs, 14 cup 2 percent milk, Ingredients from 1 recipe Summer Green Pea Salad, recipe above, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 teaspoon nutmeg Nells secret ingredient, 1 prepared pie crust, Grated cheese], title: Vegetable Quiche, picturelink: null}, 45395: {instructions: For the dough: Combine flour, salt, and curry powder in work bowl of food processor, pulse to combine. Add the butter or shortening and process until the mixture looks like fine crumbs. In a bowl combine water, vinegar, and egg yolks. Add wet mixture to work bowl and pulse until a ball forms. Cover dough in plastic wrap and let rest in refrigerator for 12 hour.nFor the filling: Heat oil in saucepan over medium heat, add onions, scallions, thyme, and Scotch bonnet peppers. When onion begins to soften, add ground beef, salt, and enough water to barely cover meat, simmer over low heat for 20 minutes. Add bread crumbs and adjust with salt and pepper, allow to cool.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roll the dough out to 18inch thick. Cut the dough into 6inch circles. Place 2 tablespoons of the meat filling onto half of each dough round. Brush the edges of the dough with the egg wash. Fold the dough over the filling to make a half moon shape and press to seal. Place the patties on a parchment lined cookie sheet and place in the oven for 25 to 35 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 cup cold butter or shortening, 34 cup iced water, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 2 egg yolks, Egg wash 1 egg beaten with 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 4 sprigs scallions, sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon Scotch Bonnet pepper, chopped, 1 pound ground beef, 1 teaspoon salt, Water, 1 cup bread crumbs, Fresh ground pepper], title: Jamaican Beef Patties, picturelink: MIbb.qr.ikPzOptyOBd8d0BpV.DmdmK}, 45396: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 5inch round cookie cutternFor the pork:nIn a small bowl mix together all ingredients except pork. Add the pork to a large bowl, pour in the marinade mixture and mix together until the pork is well coated.nFor the dough:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mix together flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt, and sugar and cut in butter until the mixture is crumbly. In a small bowl, lightly beat the eggs and mix in the water, lemon juice, milk, lemon peel and corn. Add the wet mixture to the dry mixture and combine to form a soft and pliable dough. Knead the dough until fully mixed. On a floured surface, roll the dough out to 14inch thickness and cut into 5inch rounds.nFill each round with 1 to 2 tablespoons of meat filling. Fold the dough in half and dab the edges with water to seal. There should be a 12inch of dough to work with to form the seal. For a tight seal, press with the tines of a fork all around the edge of the empanada. Transfer the empanadas to a lightly buttered baking sheet and bake for 10 to 15 minutes.nArrange the empanadas on a serving platter.nFor the chimichurri:nIn a small saute pan over mediumlow heat, add 2 tablespoons of oil. Add the apples, lemon juice, parsley, onions and apple cider vinegar and saute until onions and apples become soft, about 3 minutes.nIn a serving bowl, add 6 tablespoon olive oil. Add the sauted apple mixture to the bowl and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve on top of the empanadas., ingredients: [14 cup honey, 1 teaspoon Neelys BBQ Seasoning, 1 teaspoon ground garam masala, 1 12 teaspoons orange juice, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice, 3 cups chopped pulled pork, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups fine cornmeal, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup cold butter, cut in small cubes, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons warm water, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 1 tablespoons dehydrated lemon peel, 1 cup roughly chopped corn kernels, Water, for sealing, 6 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, for sauteing, 1 cup cored diced apples, skin on, 3 tablespoons diced red onion, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 12 tablespoon salt, 14 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper], title: Pulled Pork Empanadas with Apple Chimichurri, picturelink: 7z7Kb4ypBac2TKdoEGcR6rw3VGl4RO6}, 45397: {instructions: Puree 8 hardboiled eggs with 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon mustard, 1 chopped pickle, a dash of hot sauce, and paprika, salt and pepper to taste. Garnish with chives.nSee all 50 GameDay DipsnPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Deviled Dip, picturelink: KD7co2PNbwmZJ8tUxXowjO.dQ9ZeRC}, 45398: {instructions: Crumble 4 amaretti cookies into each of 4 dessert cups and douse them with almond liqueur. Top with ice cream, whipped cream and almonds., ingredients: [16 amaretti cookies, crumbled, 4 shots amaretto or other almond liqueur, 8 scoops French vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream, in canister, 14 cup or 1 2ounce package slivered almonds], title: Amaretti Ice Cream Dessert, picturelink: N7Yo7zZzz3Z6Ud8SL5pBa8r.bRpk6VC}, 45399: {instructions: In a saucepan cook black beans and barbecue sauce for about 5 to 7 minutes then season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound can black beans, 4 to 5 ounces of your favorite barbecue sauce], title: Barbecue Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 45400: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a standardsize cupcake pan with 10 cupcake liners.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, curry powder, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt. Fold in the brussels sprouts and carrots until they are fully coated in the flour. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the cane sugar, orange juice, canola oil, 14 cup water, agave nectar and vanilla extract. Add these ingredients to your dry mixture and combine until everything is evenly moist.nFill the liners threequarters full and bake until golden and baked through, about 15 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the frosting: In a stand mixer, cream together the shortening, cream cheese and margarine with the paddle attachment until light and fluffy. Add in the powdered sugar, vanilla extract and soy milk until blended together and fluffy.nFor the maple curry reduction: In a small saucepan, heat the maple syrup on high until thickened, about 8 minutes. Add in the curry powder and whisk to incorporate. Allow the mixture to cool slightly before using.nTo assemble: Generously frost your cupcakes with the cream cheese frosting and drizzle the tops with the maple curry reduction., ingredients: [2 13 cups organic, unbleached white flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 cups grated brussels sprouts, 1 cup grated carrots, 1 cup organic cane sugar, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup canola oil, 14 cup agave nectar or maple syrup, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups organic vegetable shortening, 12 cup vegan cream cheese, such as Tofutti, 14 cup vegan margarine, 5 cups powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, A splash of soy milk, 14 cup maple syrup, 14 teaspoon curry powder], title: Vegan Brussel Carrot Curry Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting and Maple Curry Reduction, picturelink: dZkwWGy.hUziLV64MTgQwU7lHPsJa.6}, 45401: {instructions: Halve 2 of the eggplants lengthwise, score their pulp deeply with a sharp knife, being careful not to pierce the skins, and with a grapefruit knife scoop out the pulp, reserving it and leaving 12inchthick shells. Sprinkle the shells with 1 teaspoon salt and invert them on paper towels to drain for 15 to 30 minutes. Cut the reserved pulp and the remaining whole eggplant into 12inch pieces, in a colander toss the pieces with the remaining salt, and let them drain for 15 to 30 minutes.nPat the shells dry with paper towels, brush them with 1 tablespoon of the oil, and broil them on the rack of a broiler pan, skin side down, under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat until they are tender, about 5 minutes.nIn a skillet, heat the remaining 3 tablespoons oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking. Saute the onion and the garlic until translucent. Add the ground lamb and the eggplant pieces, patted dry, stirring, until meat loses all color and eggplant is tender.nRemove the skillet from the heat, stir in the parsley, mint, tomatoes, feta, and salt and pepper to taste, and divide the filling among the shells, mounding it. Broil the stuffed eggplants in a large flameproof baking dish for 5 minutes, or until the filling is bubbling and golden., ingredients: [3 12pound eggplants, 1 teaspoon salt, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 2 cups chopped onion, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 pound lean ground lamb, 13 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons minced fresh mint leaves, 3 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, seeded, and cut into julienne strips, 1 cup crumbled feta], title: GreekStyle Stuffed Eggplant, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 45402: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Grease or line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a small bowl, mix the peanut butter, peanuts, bacon and bananas until combined.nDivide the pizza dough into 4 equal balls and roll each into an 8inch circle. Scoop onequarter of the banana mixture onto half of each piece of dough. Top each with 14 cup of the dulce de leche. Fold the dough over the filling, stretching to fit, then align the edges and seal with egg wash. Press the edges with a fork to seal. Place the hand pies on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops with egg wash and cut 2 slits in the top with a sharp knife. Sprinkle each with 1 teaspoon of the turbinado sugar. Bake until golden brown, 20 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup peanut butter, 12 cup roasted salted peanuts, chopped, 4 slices crispy cooked bacon, crumbled, 4 bananas, sliced, 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, 1 cup dulce de leche, 1 egg, beaten, 4 teaspoons turbinado sugar], title: Born to Run Sweet Breakfast Hand Pies, picturelink: 0qQNXOTZOQAarvUQBL24Yrd1gGS2o66}, 45403: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13 by 9inch pan with the vegetable oil cooking spray.nCook the pasta in plenty of boiling, salted water until it has softened a bit but is still not quite cooked all the way through. The pasta will absorb the liquid from the sauce as it finishes cooking in the oven. Drain, rinse with cold water to stop the cooking, drain again, and set aside.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the turkey. Cook, breaking up the meat into large clumps, until it is cooked through, about 10 minutes. Season it with a little salt and pepper. Remove the meat with a slotted spoon to drain any excess liquid from the meat.nLet the pan cool a bit, then add the remaining butter and melt it over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk to combine. Whisk constantly until the flour has cooked but not browned, about 2 minutes. Add the milk slowly, whisking to avoid creating any lumps. Add the chicken stock, cayenne, and nutmeg and cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture begins to thicken, about 5 to 10 minutes. Stir in the sage and season with some salt and pepper. Fold in the turkey and pasta, making sure it is all well coated with the sauce. Pour into the prepared pan.nTo make the topping, combine the bread crumbs and Parmesan and moisten with the melted butter. Spread topping evenly over the tetrazzini, put the pan into the oven, and cook until the top is golden brown and the mixture is bubbling, about 30 minutes. Let rest for 10 minutes before serving.nYou can also fill 8 individual greased 10 to 12ounce ramekins with the tetrazzini and topping. These will bake in about 20 minutes. These can be frozen: Make sure they are cool, then add 1 tablespoon milk, chicken stock, or water to each ramekin. Wrap them well in plastic wrap and put them into the freezer. Poke a hole in the plastic wrap and microwave on defrost for 5 minutes, then microwave on high heat for about 8 to 10 minutes or until the tetrazzini is hot and bubbling., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 pound short pasta, such as rotini or gemelli, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 pounds ground turkey, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 quart whole milk, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 1 small bunch fresh sage, leaves chopped, 1 12 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, or regular bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Turkey Tetrazzini Crisp, picturelink: SbBM0z0OO0PNJVyFlIjZtSFcI.lptqa}, 45404: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the bacon on a baking rack set on a sheet pan and bake it for 20 to 30 minutes, until browned it wont be crisp. Cut the bacon in very large dice.nMeanwhile, in a small 9inch Dutch oven, such as Le Creuset, heat the olive oil and butter over medium heat. Add the onion and cook for 6 to 8 minutes, until tender and starting to brown. Add the thyme, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and cook for 1 minute. Add the farro and chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Place the squash on top of the farro mixture, cover, and bake in the same oven with the bacon for 30 minutes, until the squash and farro are tender. Check once during cooking and add a little chicken stock if its dry.nSprinkle the bacon and parmesan on the squash and farro and bake uncovered for 15 to 20 minutes, until most of the liquid evaporates, the farro and butternut squash are tender, and the cheese has melted. Serve hot directly from the pot.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [6 thickcut slices applewoodsmoked bacon, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 cups chopped yellow onion 1 large, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups pearled farro, 3 cups good chicken stock, preferably homemade, 3 cups 34to1inchdiced peeled butternut squash, 12 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese], title: Baked Farro and Butternut Squash, picturelink: kYN6CdKOlua.nP7.t3YhXoShAAJwNHC}, 45405: {instructions: Boil eggs 1015 minutes until cooked. Place in ice water. Peel cleanly. Slice eggs lengthwise and place cooked egg yolks in a mixing bowl. Mix in the mayonnaise, dijon mustard, olive juice, salt and pepper into a whipped, smooth paste.nFill eggwhite halves with the filling. Top with a sprinkling of red pepper seasoning. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [6 hardboiled eggs, peeled See Cooks Note, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon green olive juice, red pepper spice, salt and pepper, 6 green olives, 3 parsley sprigs, for garnish], title: Kickoff Deviled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 45406: {instructions: Place the broccoli and chicken into a 9inch pie plate.nStir the soup and milk in a small bowl. Pour the soup mixture over the broccoli and chicken. Sprinkle with the cheese. Stir the bread crumbs and butter in a small bowl. Sprinkle the bread crumbs mixture over the cheese.nBake at 450 degrees F for 20 minutes or until the chicken mixture is hot and bubbling.nServing Suggestion: Serve with brown rice and a simple tomato salad: tomato wedges with chopped fresh basil and red wine vinaigrette on romaine lettuce cups. For dessert serve apple crisp.nSubstitute leftover cooked turkey or 2 cans 4.5 ounces each Swansonu00ae Premium White Chunk Chicken Breast in Water, drained, for the cooked chicken.nSubstitute Campbellsu00ae Condensed Broccoli Cheese Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free for the Cream of Chicken.nFor cornflake topping, substitute cornflakes for the bread crumbs and omit the butter., ingredients: [4 cups cooked broccoli flowerets, 1 12 cup cubed cooked chicken, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Chicken Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 13 cup milk, 12 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 2 tablespoons dry bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon butter, melted], title: Chicken Broccoli Divan, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 45407: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, melt the butter and saute the mushrooms until soft. Add the heavy cream and reduce liquid by half, until a thick consistency. Add the bacon, and season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, heat the pita bread in the oven. Slit the pita bread down the center, stuff the pitas with the mushroom mixture, and serve hot., ingredients: [3 ounces butter, 2 portobello mushrooms or 12 pound button mushrooms, sliced, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled, Salt and pepper, Packaged pita bread], title: Sauteed Mushrooms in a Hot Crusty Pita, picturelink: null}, 45408: {instructions: For the couscous: In a medium saucepan, bring the chicken broth and salt to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the couscous. Cover until the liquid had been absorbed and the couscous is tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Using a fork, fluff the couscous and break up any lumps.nIn a large, nonstick skillet heat 14 cup oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the garlic and discard. Increase the heat to high and add the couscous. Cook, stirring constantly, for 6 minutes. Continue to cook the couscous, stirring every 5 minutes, until toasted, about 25 minutes. Transfer the couscous to a large serving bowl and cool for 5 minutes. Add the ricotta salata, cucumber, sundried tomatoes, Parmesan, and basil.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the oil, lemon juice, lemon zest, salt, and pepper until smooth.nPour the dressing over the salad and toss until the couscous is coated., ingredients: [2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 10ounce box 1 14 cups couscous recommended: Near East, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 4 ounces ricotta salata cheese, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 small or 12 large cucumber, peeled, seeded, and cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup sundried tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Zest and juice from 12 large lemon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Fried Couscous Salad, picturelink: a9A.Z6Tht5cl3bbjXGzxbOPMeJCOPju}, 45409: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 10 by 13 by 2 14inch baking dish.nDrizzle some oil into a large pot of boiling salted water. Cook the noodles for 6 to 8 minutes, until tender. Drain.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, halfandhalf, brown sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, salt, and pepper. Stir in the ricotta and raisins. Add the drained noodles.nPour the noodle mixture into the baking dish. Place the filled dish in a larger pan and pour in enough hot water to come halfway up the sides. Cover the entire assembly with aluminum foil. Bake for 45 minutes, then remove the foil and bake for another 45 minutes, or until the custard is just set., ingredients: [1 pound wide egg noodles, 5 extralarge eggs, 4 cups halfandhalf, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 1 cup golden raisins], title: Noodle Kugel, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 45410: {instructions: Salt and pepper pork. Sear in hot pan, place on top of parsnips which are cut in half and oiled, roast at 375 degrees for 35 to 40 minutes, ingredients: [4 to 5 pound cleaned pork loin, Salt and Pepper to taste, Parsnips, cut in half, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Pork Roast on Parsnip Rack, picturelink: null}, 45411: {instructions: Heat 3inches of the oil in a deep fryer to 325 degrees F. Alternately, heat 3inches of oil in a deep pot.nPeel the potatoes and cut them into chips, about the size of your index finger. Put the potatoes in the oil. Fry the chips for 2 to 3 minutes they should not be crisp or fully cooked at this point. Remove the chips with a spider strainer or slotted spoon, to a paper towellined platter to drain.nCrank the oil temperature up to 375 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, salt, pepper, and egg. Pour in the soda water and whisk to a smooth batter. Spread the rice flour on a plate. Dredge the fish pieces in the rice flour and then dip them into the batter, letting the excess drip off.nPut the chips in the bottom of the fryer basket and carefully submerge in the hot oil. Carefully wave the battered fish into the bubbling oil before dropping them in on top of the chips. Fry the fish and chips for 4 to 5 minutes until crispy and brown. Remove the basket and drain the fish and chips on paper towels season lightly with salt. Serve wrapped in a newspaper cone with malt vinegar andor tartar sauce.nTartar Sauce:n1 cup mayonnaisen1 tablespoon chopped capersn1 tablespoon chopped cornichonsn2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley leavesn12 lemon, juicednDash hot saucenIn a small mixing bowl, combine all ingredients. Chill before serving to let the flavors marry.nYield: about 1 14 cups, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 4 large russet potatoes, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 12ounce can soda water, 12 cup rice flour, for dredging, 2 8ounce cod or haddock fillets, cut in 12 on an angle, Malt vinegar, for serving, Tartar Sauce, recipe follows], title: EnglishStyle Fish and Chips, picturelink: null}, 45412: {instructions: Prepare the chicken: Preheat a grill to medium on one side. Combine the hoisin sauce, scallions, garlic, ginger, jalapeno, lime zest and juice, vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste in a mini food processor or blender process until almost smooth. Season the chicken with salt toss with the hoisin mixture in a large bowl.nMake the salad: Bring the vinegar, sugar and 1 12 teaspoons salt to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring. Remove from the heat stir in 14 cup ice cubes until melted. Toss the cucumber and red onion in a serving bowl with the vinegar mixture place in the refrigerator.nGrill the chicken over direct heat until the skin is crisp, 5 minutes per side, basting with extra marinade. Transfer to the cooler side of the grill cover and grill until cooked through, 10 to 15 more minutes. Serve with the cucumber salad and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [34 cup hoisin sauce, 3 scallions, coarsely chopped, 5 cloves garlic, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, sliced, 1 jalapeno pepper, stemmed and halved remove seeds for less heat, Zest and juice of 2 limes, plus lime wedges for garnish, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds skinon chicken thighs and drumsticks separate pieces, 12 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt, 1 seedless cucumber, thinly sliced, 12 red onion, thinly sliced], title: Hoisin Chicken with Cucumber Salad, picturelink: ZwOaJkGL4HtbarYJY0LENtDn96DnHkC}, 45413: {instructions: Special equipment: four to six 3inch ramekinsnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the sugar, butter and margarine together until light and fluffy. Then add the eggs and vanilla. Add in the flour, cinnamon and baking soda. Fold in the apples and transfer to a baking dish. Bake for 30 minutes, then cool completely.nBreak the cake into bitesize pieces and divide evenly among four to six 3inch ramekins.nFor the cream: In a large bowl, whisk together the cream, sugar, vanilla, salt and eggs. Pour the creme anglaise over the cake in the ramekins and return to the oven for 20 minutes. Cool slightly and serve hot., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, 4 ounces margarine, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 2 cups whipping cream, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs], title: CinnamonApple Bread Pudding, picturelink: F.sQ7pz79F1kmNch3j41j2Qij6Z5QFi}, 45414: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium low. Brush the focaccia with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Grill the bread until lightly toasted, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Cut into cubes and transfer to a large bowl.nAdd the tomatoes, escarole, cucumbers, basil, capers, red wine vinegar and the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil to the bowl season with salt and pepper. Top each serving of salad with tuna.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 8ounce piece rosemary focaccia about 8 ounces, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds assorted heirloom tomatoes, roughly chopped, 1 small head escarole, trimmed and chopped, 2 Persian cucumbers, quartered lengthwise and sliced 14 inch thick, 1 cup fresh basil, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoon capers, drained, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 7ounce jars oilpacked tuna preferably Italian, drained and flaked], title: Tuna Panzanella Salad, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 45415: {instructions: Grill hot dogs, brushing with barbecue sauce. Serve on toasted buns with coleslaw and more sauce., ingredients: [], title: BBQ Dogs, picturelink: o9v8vOBDcQsn2E12BUgBdwTFyNPRJW}, 45416: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nArrange wonton wrappers on prepared baking sheet and spray with cooking spray. Season the tops with salt, black pepper and mustard powder, to taste. Bake 6 minutes, until golden brown and crisp.nMeanwhile, coat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat to preheat. Season both sides of tuna steaks with salt and black pepper. Place tuna on hot pan and sear 2 to 3 minutes per side for medium doneness.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together soy sauce, lemon juice, wasabi paste, and sesame oil. Transfer tuna to a serving plate and spoon dressing over top. Sprinkle the top with scallions. Serve wonton chips alongside., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 16 to 20 wonton wrappers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Hot mustard powder, 4 tuna steaks about 5 ounces each, 14 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons wasabi paste, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 14 cup freshly chopped scallions], title: Seared Tuna with LemonWasabi Dressing and Hot Mustard Wonton Chips, picturelink: dxFHk2qRnGSXoaePJFZGqgp6YRuufa}, 45417: {instructions: Drain the beans over a bowl and reserve the liquid. Put the white beans in a large skillet with just enough of their liquid to moisten them. Add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and bring the beans to a low simmer. Keep them warm while you prepare the shrimp.nHeat 14 cup oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the shrimp, season with salt and cook for about 1 minute, tossing frequently. Remove the shrimp with tongs to a bowl. Add the garlic to the pan and saute until the garlic browns. Add the serrano chile or chili flakes and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomato and basil and stir briefly, then add the lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Cook for about 1 minute, and then stir in the shrimp. Toss well and cook briefly to reheat the shrimp. Remove the shrimp mixture to a plate and sprinkle with parsley.nSpoon the white beans on a platter or individual plates. Drizzle them with the best olive oil you have, and then top with the shrimp. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 cups canned Cannelloni white beans, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 16 large shrimp, peeled tail left on and deveined, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 small serrano chile, thinly sliced or 12 teaspoon chili flakes, 1 cup peeled, seeded and diced fresh tomato, canned or fresh, 1 cup whole basil leaves, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Italian flatleaf parsley, chopped, Bestquality extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Tuscan Shrimp with White Beans, picturelink: null}, 45418: {instructions: Put the meringues in a resealable bag and gently crush them into large pieces with a rolling pin.nSet aside about 10 raspberries and 1 cup of the crushed meringue pieces for the top of the trifle.nIn a large bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the cream until it begins to thicken. With the mixer running, add the peppermint extract, a few drops of food coloring and then slowly add in the sugar. Continue to beat until medium peaks form.nCover the bottom of a large 3quart clear trifle bowl with about 13 of the meringues. Sprinkle with 1 12 pints of raspberries, being sure to get some along the side so they are visible. Spread about 2 cups of the mint cream over the top. Make another layer or 2 in same manner, ending with mint cream. Put the reserved raspberries in a small circle over the top and sprinkle with reserved crushed meringues. Garnish the center with a large sprig of mint., ingredients: [2 24count boxes vanilla meringues, 3 pints fresh raspberries, 3 cups heavy cream, very cold, 12 teaspoon peppermint extract, Green food coloring, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 1 large sprig fresh mint], title: Meringue Trifle  Decorative Tablescape Centerpiece, picturelink: null}, 45419: {instructions: Mix together the wine, tomato paste, thyme, marjoram, and vinegar. Season the chicken with plenty of salt and pepper, then place in a resealable bag with the wine mixture. Shake the bag to make sure each piece is well coated. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, or overnight.nPlace the potatoes in a saucepan of cold water, cover, and bring to a boil. Boil for 1 to 2 minutes, then drain in a colander.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange the onions, carrots, and cooked potatoes in a large baking dish or tray and pour in the water.nArrange the chicken pieces, skinside up, in a layer on top of the vegetables in the dish. Pour the marinade over the chicken. Cover with a sheet of parchment or foil and roast for 30 minutes. Remove the parchment and baste the chicken with the cooking liquid. Roast, uncovered, for another 15 minutes, or until the skin is crisp. Serve immediately., ingredients: [23 cup red wine, 6 tablespoons tomato paste, 3 sprigs thyme, leaves picked, 3 sprigs marjoram, leaves picked, or 12 teaspoon dried, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces about 3 12 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 ounces baby potatoes, washed, 3 onions, quartered, 6 carrots, peeled and quartered lengthwise, 12 cup water], title: Red Wine Roast Chicken Poulet Roti Au Vin Rouge, picturelink: null}, 45420: {instructions: Combine sea urchin, scallions, cilantro, olive oil, lemon zest and juice, and salt and pepper and spoon onto toasted bread slices. Serve immediately to avoid having the urchin break down from the citric acid. In other words, you should prepare no sooner than 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pound sea urchin roe only the tan or orange roe of the sea urchin is usable your fishmonger should be able to sell you only what you need, 3 tablespoons minced scallions, white part only, 1 teaspoon minced fresh cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, zest grated and juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 loaf French bread, cut into 12inch thick slices and lightly toasted], title: Sea Urchin Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 45421: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd all ingredients in a large bowl or pitcher. Stir and serve in glasses over more ice., ingredients: [Ice, 3 ounces coconut rum, 3 ounces blue curacao, 3 ounces vodka, Big splash pineapple juice, 12 cup sweet and sour mix, Big splash lemonlime soda, Lemon and lime slices, for garnish], title: Fish Bowl, picturelink: zW22Q.j6ANpT0lfJ9YQ.KnMr0ML4S}, 45422: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 2 12 quart baking dish. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 6 minutes. Drain and set aside.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the sausage, mustard powder, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until the sausage is golden, about 3 minutes. Stir in the flour and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Stir in the apple juice and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened slightly, about 8 more minutes.nSlowly stir about threequarters each of the monterey jack and cheddar cheese into the sauce until smooth, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir in the pasta and sour cream. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle with the crushed crackers and the remaining cheese. Bake until bubbly, 25 to 30 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the dish, Kosher salt, 34 pound medium pasta shells, 12 cup diced onion, 6 ounces chickenapple sausage, sliced 12 inch thick, 1 tablespoon mustard powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups apple juice, 1 pound monterey jack cheese, shredded 4 cups, 12 pound extrasharp cheddar cheese, shredded 2 cups, 12 cup sour cream, 35 small butter crackers 1 sleeve Ritz, crushed], title: AppleSausage Mac and Cheese, picturelink: wisimMUYqH5HCMExp3uD9h.z2VUBBSu}, 45423: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F.nToast hazelnuts until skins darken and begin to split, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a clean dish towel, and rub vigorously to remove skins discard skins. Place nuts in a food processor pulse until medium fine.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat butter and granulated sugar at mediumhigh speed until light and creamy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs beat until smooth, about 3 minutes. Beat in vanilla.nIn a large bowl, combine flour, hazelnuts, baking powder, cinnamon, salt, and zest. Add to butter mixture beat to combine, about 1 minute. Place in freezer until very firm, about 30 minutes.nLiberally dust a clean surface with flour, and roll out dough to 18inch thickness. Using a 3inch heartshaped cookie cutter, cut out 72 hearts. To make top halves of cookies, use a 1inch heartshaped cookie cutter to cut out centers from 36 of the hearts.nTransfer cookies to prepared baking sheets, and bake until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack until completely cooled.nLightly sift confectioners sugar over cookie tops. Spread about 1 teaspoon jam on each of the bottom halves, and sandwich both halves together. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 14 cups whole hazelnuts, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 1 cup seedless raspberry jam], title: Linzer Heart Cookies, picturelink: null}, 45424: {instructions: In a large pot put bones, chile and corn. Cover with water to the top of the pot. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium and cook for 3 hours. Keep adding liquid as it evaporates to keep the bones covered., ingredients: [7 pounds bones with meat pork ribs, neck bones and ox tails, 2 cups blended dry red chiles, stemmed and seeded, 1 cup dried roasted corn chicos], title: Bone Stew or Posole, picturelink: null}, 45425: {instructions: 1.HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Beat shortening, milk and almond extract at medium speed until well blended. Beat in granulated sugar.n2.COMBINE flour, almonds and salt in medium bowl. Mix into shortening mixture. Shape dough into balls using one level measuring tablespoon for each. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheet.n3.BAKE 10 to 12 minutes cookies will not brown. Remove to cooling rack. Roll slightly warm cookies in powdered sugar. Let cool completely. Roll cooled cookies again in powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening OR 1 stick Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 23 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 23 cup slivered almonds, chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup powdered sugar], title: Almond Tea Cookies, picturelink: CflRRANm.1mOiFnRySDiPpcRqX1KItK}, 45426: {instructions: Combine the flour, egg and egg yolk. Add salt and combine with the milk until the mixture is smooth. Allow to stand 4 hours, covered and refrigerated.nPlace 1 tablespoon of butter in a hot pan and when melted and slightly brown, add to the pancake batter. Stir in the butter and then place a ladle full of the pancake batter into the hot pan moving it around the pan until the mixture sets. Place back onto the heat and wait until small bubbles appear on the surface, then flip the crepe over. Cook for a few seconds on the other side and remove from the pan with a spatula. Add sugar to a separate frypan and then add the strawberries and the remaining butter. Stir together until the sugar and butter form a fudge and add the strawberry syrup and combine. Place this mixture in the center of each crepe and roll up. Place the filled crepes back into the pan. Add the Pernod and set alight. Then add the Grand Marnier and the cognac. Place the crepes onto a heated serving dish, stir the cream into the sauce and then spoon over the crepes to coat.nRecommended drink: a good Brut Champagne, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 whole egg plus 1 yolk, Pinch salt, 1 14 cups milk, 14 cup butter, 38 cup sugar, 3 dozen strawberries, hulled, 14 cup strawberry syrup you can use syrup from canned or frozen strawberries, 2 tablespoons Pernod, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, 2 tablespoons cognac, 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Strawberry Crepes, picturelink: null}, 45427: {instructions: Spray a nonstick pan with cooking spray and put over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and saute for a few minutes.nMeanwhile, spray a large pot with cooking spray and turn the heat to medium. Before the onion starts to turn translucent, transfer it to the pot. In the pan that the onion was just sauteed in, add the sausage, leaving it broken up in an array of different size pieces. Saute until cooked through. Transfer the sausage to the pot with the onion and stir well. Add the ground buffalo to the pan, saute until cooked through, and then add it to the pot. Saute the ground turkey until no longer pink and add it to the pot. Give the pot a good stir to incorporate all the ingredients well. Stir in the tomato sauce, diced tomatoes and red beans. Mix until everything is well distributed. Add the packet of chili seasoning, along with the cayenne pepper, smoked paprika and red pepper flakes and stir to incorporate.nStir in the hot sauce and simmer over mediumlow heat until ready to serve.nServe in individual bowls with a handful of shredded Cheddar, a dollop of sour cream and a sprinkling of green onion., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 red onion, roughly chopped, 1 pound hot Italian sausage, casing removed, 1 pound ground buffalo, 1 pound ground turkey breast, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 15.5ounce can red beans, 1 packet chili seasoning recommended: seasoning packet from the Carroll Shelby Chili Kit, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup hot sauce, Shredded Cheddar, for serving, Sour cream, for serving, Sliced green onion, white and green parts, for serving], title: Triple Threat Chili, picturelink: srKltxkGJDDMpSNPmQGf05R2CsdFwtK}, 45428: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the sweet pita chips: Brush both sides of the pita halves with the melted butter. In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar and cinnamon. Sprinkle the rough or interior side of the pita halves with the sugar mixture. Stack the pita halves on top of each other and cut into 8 wedges, like cutting a pie, to make 16 wedges total. Spread the pita wedges on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, 8 to 9 minutes.nFor the savory pita chips: Brush both sides of the pita halves with the olive oil. In a small bowl, combine the paprika, garlic powder and salt. Sprinkle the rough or interior side of the pita halves with the paprika mixture. Stack the pita halves on top of each other and cut into 8 wedges, like cutting a pie, to make 16 wedges total. Spread the pita wedges on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 large pitas, split in half widthwise to make 2 rounds, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 large pitas, split in half widthwise to make 2 rounds, 14 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Pita Chips, Sweet and Savory, picturelink: OI5mBMAzxJJhuiUllnPRL4k6TbKIK}, 45429: {instructions: Combine 1 cup each lime juice, water and sugar, and 14 cup torn mint leaves in a medium skillet cook over mediumhigh heat until syrupy, about 20 minutes. Stir in 14 cup more torn mint leaves let cool, then strain. Add seltzer.nFor each drink, combine 2 to 4 tablespoons flavored syrup with 1 cup cold seltzer in an icefilled glass.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: LimeMint Soda, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 45430: {instructions: For the chicken:nIn a large saucepan, add the wine, water, lemongrass, garlic, peppercorns, salt, onion and ginger. Bring to a boil. Add chicken. Turn down heat to simmer. Cover pan and poach chicken for 25 minutes. Discard liquid and place chicken on a plate to cool. When cooled, shred chicken into large bowl and mix with Red Pepper Mayonnaise. Refrigerate until chilled. Put orange juice into saucepan and boil over mediumhigh heat until reduced to a syrup. Toast deli rolls and place lettuce leaves on each. Divide chicken mixture evenly on rolls and sprinkle fennel shreds on each. Drizzle orange syrup over top. Garnish with orange slices and fennel fronds.nPulse all ingredients in a food processor to blend., ingredients: [12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups water, 1 stalk fresh lemongrass, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon peppercorns, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chopped onion, 14 cup ginger, chopped, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken, Red Pepper Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 2 cups orange juice, 6 centercut deli rolls, 1 head Boston Bibb lettuce, 6 orange slices, 1 small fennel bulb, shredded, Fennel fronds, for garnish, 23 cup roasted red peppers, 1 garlic clove, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 14 teaspoon hot sauce], title: Chicken Rolls with Red Pepper Mayo and Orange Drizzle, picturelink: null}, 45431: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, salt and baking soda, then set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter with the brown sugar and granulated sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add 2 teaspoons of the vanilla extract and the eggs and blend until incorporated. Lower the speed to a stir, add the flour and mix until just combined. Then stir in 2 cups of the chocolate chips until incorporated.nDrop the dough in teaspoonsize balls 2inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake until the cookies are golden and crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool the cookies for 5 minutes in the pan and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nWhip the heavy cream, confectioners sugar and the remaining 1 tablespoon vanilla until medium peaks form. Place about 14 cup of the whipped cream in a 9inch circle on a cake plate and then cover the whipped cream with some cookies. Layer 1 cup whipped cream over the cookies and arrange another layer of cookies over the top. Repeat the layers three more times, finishing with a layer of cream. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup chocolate chips over the top. Refrigerate the cake until the cookies soften, at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nSlice into wedges to serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 12 cups semisweet mini chocolate chips, 3 cups heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar], title: Chocolate Chip Cookie Icebox Cake, picturelink: FcH77eEKbBzdURdARcozzgsU3fWjOJC}, 45432: {instructions: In a blender, add the eggs, milk and 1 cup water. Add the flour, pour in the melted butter and add the salt. Blend on high until well mixed, pausing to scrape the sides as needed. Transfer the batter to a container and refrigerate at least 2 hours before use.nHeat a 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 12 cup batter while swirling the pan to coat the pans bottom. Cook 1 to 2 minutes, and then carefully flip the crepe. Spread some hazelnut spread and add some fresh sliced strawberries to the top right area of each crepe. Fold, remove from the skillet and serve.nThis recipe was provided by a professional chef or restaurant and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 12 cups flour, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, Pinch salt, Strawberries, sliced, Hazelnut spread, such as Nutella], title: Strawberry Hazelnut Crepes, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 45433: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl, toss the lamb with the salt, pepper and flour.nHeat 12 tablespoon olive oil in a 4 to 5quart Dutch oven set over mediumhigh heat until it shimmers. Add half of the lamb, and brown on all sides, approximately 7 to 8 minutes total. Remove the lamb to a bowl and repeat with the remaining oil and lamb. Remove the second batch of lamb to the bowl and add the carrots to the pot. Saute the carrots for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally. Return all of the lamb to the pot along with the grits and stir to combine. Add the chicken broth and bring to a boil. Once boiling, decrease the heat to low, cover and simmer for 30 to 45 minutes or until the liquid is absorbed and the lamb and grits are tender. Five minutes before the stew is finished, add the oregano. Taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper as desired. Serve in bowls., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless lamb shoulder, trimmed of fat and cut into bitesize pieces, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon olive oil, divided, 3 medium carrots, cut into 14inch rounds, 1 cup barley grits, 4 cups chicken broth, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped oregano], title: Barley and Lamb Stew, picturelink: null}, 45434: {instructions: Blend all of the dry ingredients then mix with the butter.nInject into the turkey prior to deep frying the injector must have a discharge nozzle of at least 116th of an inch. This recipe is enough for 1 10 to 12 pound turkey., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons white pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 1 cup melted butter], title: Cajun Turkey Injection Brine, picturelink: null}, 45435: {instructions: Special equipment: shallow baking dishnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and spray with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, mix the apples, 2 tablespoons honey, cardamom and salt.nLayer the apple mixture in slightly overlapped rows on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 30 minutes.nIn medium saucepot, combine the Limoncello, sugar, 12 cup water, the remaining14 cup honey and rosemary. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and stir until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and allow let steep for at least 10 minutes. Strain, reserving rosemary, and set aside.nBrush the insides of each brioche slice with Limoncello syrup. Then layer the fontina and a quarter of the apple mixture. Close the sandwiches and place in the beaten eggs. Soak both sides of each sandwich. Place the sandwiches on a wire rack set over a baking sheet to drain off excess egg.nHeat a greased griddle or a panini press. Cook the sandwiches until evenly browned on each side. Slice in half and serve with the remaining Limoncello syrup on the side. Garnish with a sprinkle of Turbinado sugar, lemon zest and reserved rosemary sprigs. This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [Cooking oil spray, 4 apples, cored and sliced very thin, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons honey, 14 tablespoon ground cardamom, Pinch of salt, 2 cups Limoncello, 12 cup sugar, 12 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 lemon, zested, for garnish, 8 slices broiche bread, sliced to desired thickness, 4 slices fontina, 5 eggs, beaten and reserved in shallow baking dish, Turbinado sugar, for garnish], title: Sweet Apple Fontina Panini, picturelink: rVQhbhLPQECSmFLIGfNjBX52XqntORC}, 45436: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange the artichokes in a steamer basket set over at least 3 cups of water and steam, covered, until the leaves can be easily removed, about 1 hour. Let cool. About halfway through cooking check the water level and add more, if necessary.nIn a small bowl, stir together saffron and the tablespoon of boiling water. Toast the almonds in a small dry skillet over mediumhigh heat until beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Remove the almonds and add 1 tablespoon of the oil to the pan. Add onion and cook until beginning to brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a bowl and let cool. In a food processor, grind the almonds until finely chopped. Add the saffron mixture, onion mixture, yogurt and parsley and puree until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the lemon juice and remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve with the artichokes., ingredients: [4 artichokes, Pinch saffron, 1 tablespoon boiling water, 14 cup sliced almonds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 cup nonfat plain yogurt, 14 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steamed Artichokes with Almond Saffron Dip, picturelink: oA8N2Wq4wPeVW4F5.XadELeoizlDiq}, 45437: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees.nHeat pan, add oil and andouille and render fat. Add onions, celery, garlic, corn and seasonings and sweat vegetables. Remove from heat and let cool. Whisk eggs and cream, add cooled andouillevegetable mixture. Add diced cornbread to cream mixture allow to soak for 20 minutes. Add mixture to 12 sheet hotel pan and cover with foil. Cook pudding for 40 to 50 minutes or until set. Cut into 4inch by 4inch squares., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 2 cups andouille sausage, diced 12inch, 1 cup onions, minced, 12 cup celery, minced, 2 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons LA spice, 6 eggs, 1 quart heavy cream, 16 cups jalapeno cornbread, 1inch cubes], title: Andouille Corn Pudding, picturelink: null}, 45438: {instructions: Put the tangerine juice in a small nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook until reduced to 12 cup. Let cool to room temperature.nPeel the tangerines, removing all the white pith, and segment over a bowl to catch both the segments and the juices. Cover and refrigerate until very cold.nCombine the reduced juice, tarragon, egg yolk, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a blender and blend until well mixed. With the machine running, add the 1 cup olive oil, at first by drops and then, as mixture emulsifies, in a thin, steady stream until all the oil is incorporated. Taste, for seasoning. Scrape into a jar, cover, and refrigerate until needed. You should have about 1 23 cups mayonnaise. Keeps 2 to 3 days, refrigerated.nPrepare the grill and let burn down to medium coals. Toss the cooled asparagus with about 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill over medium to low coals, turning the spears as needed, until they take on a little color and are just tender, about 6 minutes. Cover the grill, if necessary, to maintain the heat.nArrange the asparagus on a platter with the reserved tangerine segments. Dot with the mayonnaise, and drizzle with any tangerine juice left in the bowl. Garnish with fresh or candied zest and the nuts, if using. Serve at once.nCooks Note: Every cook has insecurities. One of mine is mayonnaise. I always get a little anxious until I see it coming together in the blender. If the mayonnaise is too thick, thin it, with the machine running, by pulsing in a little cool water. If you are concerned about raw eggs, use a pasteurized egg product or an egg substitute such as Egg Beaters., ingredients: [2 cups freshly squeezed tangerine juice, 2 tangerines, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 egg yolk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup pure olive oil, plus more for tossing with and brushing on asparagus, 2 large bunches asparagus, about 2 pounds total, trimmed and cooked for 2 minutes in boiling salted water, then cooled, Long curls tangerine zest, fresh or candied, Coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts or pine nuts, optional], title: Grilled Asparagus with Tangerine Mayonnaise, picturelink: CYxxih.Xaj38M8Awqc8sIEVRhCM46j.}, 45439: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the mushrooms and cook until golden brown and liquid has evaporated. Add 1 cup of turkey gravy, thyme and enough wine just to dilute slightly. Cook until heated through. Keep warm over low heat.nPlace the flour on a large plate and season with salt and pepper. Whisk together the eggs and 1 tablespoon of water in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Place the bread crumbs on a plate and season with salt and pepper.nHeat 14 cup of canola oil in a medium high sided saute pan until it just begins to shimmer. Dredge the sliced breast in the flour, tap off excess then dip in the egg wash letting any excess drip off and then dredge in the bread crumbs. Place in the oil and cook until just golden brown on both sides. Remove from pan and place on a plate lined with paper towels.nWhisk together the vinegar, pomegranate molasses, mustard and salt and pepper in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified. Add the arugula to the bowl and toss with the dressing season with salt and pepper.nAssembly: Spoon some of the mushroom gravy on 4 large plates, top with 2 pieces of the turkey. Place some of the salad on top of the turkey and sprinkle with some of the cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced, Leftover turkey gravy, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped fresh thyme leftover from turkey seasonings, Dry white wine, Leftover turkey breast, cut crosswise into 12inch thick slices, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon water, 1 12 cups dry bread crumbs, Canola oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces baby arugula, Crumbled blue cheese or goat cheese or any good cheese leftover from your holiday cheese plate], title: Turkey Milanese, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 45440: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the green beans in a large baking dish with the oil and shallots and season with salt and pepper. Roast until just cooked through and golden brown, about 15 to 18 minutes. Combine the hazelnuts, zest, and parsley in a small bowl. Transfer green beans to a platter and sprinkle with the hazelnut mixture., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, trimmed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 shallots, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup hazelnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped lemon zest, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Roasted Green Beans with Shallots and Hazelnuts, picturelink: JqpRAY956DNvS0grMIe5bPZmDUNJ8G.}, 45441: {instructions: Mix ingredients together in bowl. Prepare meat by brushing the surface with oil before applying rub. Apply rub 2 to 4 hours before cooking. The rubbed meat can be refrigerated overnight, as this will increase the flavor slightly., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher or coarse salt, 2 teaspoons coarse black pepper use fresh cracked pepper, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon oregano leaves dried, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic], title: Beef Brisket Rub 1, picturelink: BfFv88nWmq87fqE9WKUJf41nTakC3bK}, 45442: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the baby bell peppers in a single layer and cook, turning, until the skins blister and start browning, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nAdd the onion, poblano, garlic, cumin, oregano, ancho and chipotle chile powders and 1 teaspoon salt to the skillet. Cook, stirring, until the onion and poblano are tender, about 8 minutes. Increase the heat to medium high and add the pork. Cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until no longer pink, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat let cool.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Make a slit in each baby bell pepper with a paring knife, cutting from stem to tip. Crumble the meat mixture into small bits, then stir in the cilantro and cheese. Stuff 2 to 3 teaspoons of the meat mixture into each pepper using your fingers or a small spoon transfer to a baking sheet. The peppers can be stuffed up to 4 hours ahead cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before baking.nBake until the peppers are hot and the cheese melts, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound assorted baby bell peppers about 24, 1 small onion, diced, 1 poblano chile pepper, seeded and diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, Kosher salt, 12 pound ground pork, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 3 ounces muenster cheese, diced about 34 cup, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Stuffed Baby Bell Peppers, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 45443: {instructions: Bring 4 cups water, lemon juice, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and crushed red pepper if using to a boil in a large saucepan.nStir in the oats, spinach and tomatoes, reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring frequently, until the oats are just softened and the mixture is slightly thickened, about 7 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the feta, oil and dill.nTransfer the oatmeal to individual bowls and garnish with scallions and olives if using., ingredients: [2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper, optional, 2 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, One 5ounce package fresh baby spinach, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 34 cup crumbled feta, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh dill, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Kalamata olives, sliced, optional], title: Spinach, Tomato and Feta Oatmeal, picturelink: H0FvjAoCZzzJtDQqbN5JfbIBFCVQ76y}, 45444: {instructions: In a large wok, heat canola oil over mediumhigh heat.nCrack crab shells in multiple areas to allow sauce to enter shell without crab shells falling apart.nAdd crab to oil and quickly saute for 1 to 3 minutes until crab is hot. Remove crab and drain oil.nAdd hoisin, chile hot sauce, black bean paste, and white wine and heat until bubbling. Add crab, toss for 30 seconds. Add sesame oil, and toss for 15 seconds.nRemove to plate and garnish with sesame seeds and green onions., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 1 pound Dungeness crab, in shell or king crab, or shell on 1pound 2125 count shrimp for substitute, 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon chile hot sauce recommended: Sriracha, 3 tablespoons black bean garlic paste, 14 cup white wine, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted, 2 tablespoons green onions, sliced], title: Asian Crab, picturelink: GfFAX2GkmpmxiIxJCXlqNGhnys0WGtm}, 45445: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a medium bowl. Toss to combine. Serve in individual serving dishes., ingredients: [4 cups mixed berries like strawberries, raspberries, and blueberries, 2 tablespoons Limoncello, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Mixed Berries with Limoncello, picturelink: KQ2Vd59JAtIQd4.Lazf8s.Kz84V.Oq}, 45446: {instructions: For the noodles: Make a well in the center of the flour and add the salt, eggs and 2 tablespoons water. Mix and knead until the mixture forms a ball of dough and the dough has a consistent feel. Wrap in plastic and rest for 30 minutes. Put enough flour on top of the dough and roll out with your pasta machine roll to the desired thickness and cut into noodles. Add more flour to cut noodles to prevent them from sticking together. Cook the noodles in a pot of boiling water until al dente. Drain.nFor the stir fry: Place the pork and mushrooms in a mixing bowl. Add the cornstarch and toss well to coat. Whisk together 2 teaspoons water, the soy sauce, ginger, sugar, garlic and lemon zest and juice in a separate bowl. Preheat a wok or large skillet over high heat and pour in the canola oil. Add the pork and mushrooms and cook until the pork is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the soy sauce mixture and cabbage at the same time and cook until the cabbage gets soft. Pour in the beaten egg and cook until cooked through, and then stir in the noodles to combine. Transfer to a serving platter and top with the bean sprouts, peanuts and lime wedges. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 whole eggs, 8 ounces pork tenderloin, cut into thin strips, 3 ounces portabella mushrooms, chopped, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, zested, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 clove garlic, zested, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup napa cabbage, shredded, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 cup fresh bean sprouts, 12 cup roasted peanuts, finely chopped, 1 lime, cut into wedges], title: Pork and Mushrooms Stir Fry, picturelink: null}, 45447: {instructions: Pour the lemonade into silicone ice molds and freeze overnight.nPlace 2 lemonade ice cubes in each of 6 glasses. Add 2 sprigs of thyme per glass, first rubbing the sprigs gently between your fingers. Top off with prosecco. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pint lemonade, 12 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bottle prosecco, chilled], title: LemonThyme Prosecco, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 45448: {instructions: On a plate, mix together the paprika, cayenne, thyme, chili powder, garlic powder, cumin, salt and pepper for the blackened spice mixture. Dredge the catfish fillets in the spice mixture and set aside.nHeat a large cast iron fry pan or saute pan over high heat until it is white hot.nAdd oil to pan. When oil begins to slightly smoke, add catfish fillets and cook on each side, about 2 to 3 minutes. Cook in batches, if necessary, and transfer cooked fillets to a preheated 200 degree F oven while cooking remaining fillets.nTo serve, top each fillet with 12 tablespoon of butter and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 6ounce catfish fillets, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 lemon wedges], title: Not Lackin on the Blackenin Catfish, picturelink: AkvV56GGLL2vxeNO05sMyLzsMMnL6Pa}, 45449: {instructions: Put potatoes in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Cover the pan and bring to a boil over high heat. Uncover and boil until the potatoes are tender, between 12 to 15 minutes.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, make the dressing. In a skillet, saute the bacon over a mediumhigh heat until most of the fat has been rendered and the bacon is golden and beginning to crisp, about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and pour off the fat into a glassmeasuring cup. Remove the bacon from the pan and let drain on paper towels. In the skillet, with its thin coat of bacon fat, add the garlic and shallots and cook over medium heat, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the brown sugar and cook, stirring, until dissolved. Scrape the mixture into a blender or food processor and add the balsamic vinegar, extravirgin olive oil, and orange juice. Add 14 cup of the bacon fat and process, pulsing, until, just until smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Slice the warm potatoes 14 inch thick and combine with half of the warm vinaigrette reheat the vinaigrette in the microwave if necessary and half of the bacon pieces. Divide in roomy serving bowls. In a large bowl, combine the lettuces, chives, tomato, cucumbers, and celery. Toss with the remaining vinaigrette and divide on top of the potatoes in the serving bowls. Sprinkle the crumbled goat cheese and reserve bacon pieces over the salads, place 3 or 4 croutons on each, and serve.nFor the croutons, preheat to 350 degrees. Arrange the bread slices on a baking sheet and brush the tops with garlic oil. Bake 10 to 12 minutes, until golden. Remove from the oven and immediately sprinkle with cheese if using and pepper. Cover with foil to keep warm., ingredients: [1 pound about 12 redskinned boiling potatoes, 3 cups about 1 pound diced slab bacon, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 cup chopped shallots, 6 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 head frisee curly endive, well washed and torn into pieces, 4 cups mixed salad greens mesclun, or a mixture of at least 3 lettuces such as red leaf, Romaine, endive, radicchio, arugula, frisee, watercress or Boston, 4 teaspoons chopped chives, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 12 English cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise, sliced into halfmoons, 2 celery ribs, sliced 14 inch thick, 6 ounces fresh, mild goat cheese, crumbled, Croutons, recipe follows, 16 to 20 baguette slices, 14 inch thick, 3 tablespoons garlic oil, or olive oil mixed with 1 minced garlic clove, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Crunchy Green Salad with Goat Cheese and Warm Bacon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 45450: {instructions: For the dipping sauce: In a small bowl, stir together the ponzu, hot sauce and stirfry seasoning.nFor the wontons: In a bowl, add the chicken, scallions and stirfry seasoning. Mix with a spoon until well combined.nPut a wonton wrapper onto your work surface. Keep the wonton wrappers covered with a damp towel so they dont dry out. Place 1 heaping teaspoon chicken mixture in the center of the wrapper. Coat the edges of the wrapper with a little water using your finger or a brush. Fold the circle to form a half moon, pressing out any air bubbles Set aside, covered with a damp towel, while you make the rest.nWhen you are ready to cook, place a large, nonstick skillet fitted with a lid over mediumhigh heat and add the vegetable oil. When the oil is hot, place the wontons in a single layer in the pan they should be close together but not touching. Depending on the size of the skillet, you may need to cook the dumplings off in 2 or 3 batches. Cook, uncovered, until the bottoms are browned, about 4 minutes. Lower the heat to mediumlow, carefully pour in 2 tablespoons water and immediately cover the pan with a lid. Cook until the wontons are tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from the pan and serve hot with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [12 cup ponzu available in the Asian section of most markets, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon stirfry seasoning mix, 12 pound ground chicken, 1 scallion, chopped, 1 tablespoon stirfry seasoning mix, 1 12ounce package round wonton wrappers, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: PanFried Chicken Dumplings with Sweet and Spicy Dipping Sauce, picturelink: uz.Yw3Pd7wX4D9JZApyiC85aA82NO}, 45451: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nClean and trim the asparagus remove the tough ends and the tips you can parboil and save the tips for another dish. With a potato peeler, shave each stem, turning to allow for maximum shaving. Place the shavings into a serving bowl. Whisk together the olive oil, lemon zest and juice and a dash of salt and pepper in a small bowl dress the shavings with the mixture. Layer with the cheese and serve., ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 to 5 strips shaved pecorino or ParmigianoReggiano], title: Shaved Asparagus Salad, picturelink: dZtXZYlgMT0OEbttNL11sHhZT5toLE2}, 45452: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine the sugar, butter, cocoa, milk, and vanilla. Bring to a slow boil and simmer until the sugar is completely dissolved. Remove from the heat.nStir in the peanut butter and 2 12 cups oats. The mixture should be thick stir in additional 12 cup oats if too runny. Let the mixture stand for about 10 minutes to cool.nLine a baking sheet with wax paper or parchment paper. Drop the mixture by heaping tablespoonful onto the lined sheet. Let the cookies stand at room temperature for 1 hour to firm up. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 stick unsalted butter, 13 cup cocoa powder, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup peanut butter, crunchy or creamy, 2 12 to 3 cups old fashioned rolled oats], title: NoBake Cow Pile Cookies, picturelink: UcOKvqUbq0yD.1sVliuXhBJ3Bgpc0eu}, 45453: {instructions: Combine all ingredients and serve over ice., ingredients: [24 oz. litchi juice, 16 oz. ginger ale, 8 oz. pomegranate juice, 2 limes, cut in thin slices, 8 oz. vodka, 4 oz. cane liquor], title: DeeeLitchi Pomegranate Punch, picturelink: null}, 45454: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. For large onions, peel and cut into wedges, leaving as much root on as possible. If using boiling onions, peel and leave whole. Heat olive oil in a large ovenproof saute pan until hot. Add onions, and reduce heat to medium. Cook until brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add garlic and cook briefly until light brown. Add thyme and stir. Regulate heat by moving pan around. Add 2 Tbs. of the vinegar and toss well with onions.nPlace onions in oven and roast until tender and very browned, about 30 minutes. Stir gently at least once during roasting. Remove to a plate. Add remaining 2 Tbs. balsamic vinegar to pan and stir and scrape up bits. Pour over onions.nHeat the remaining 1 Tbs. of olive oil in a heavy saute pan over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Season the steak with salt and pepper. Turn on the exhaust fan and place steak in pan. Cook until brown on first side, about 2 minutes. Turn and place in oven to roast until done, about 4 minutes for rare meat. Just before removing, dot the top with butter.nRemove steak to a carving board and let rest for 5 minutes. Return onions to the saute pan and reheat by tossing over medium heat. To serve, cut the meat off the bone, then carve into thin slices. Arrange the meat on plates and top with onions. Pour any juices from the carving board over the meat., ingredients: [3 large red onions or 15 cipolline or boiling onions, 14cup plus 1 Tbs. extravirgin olive oil, Gray salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 Tbs. minced garlic, 1 Tbs. finely chopped fresh thyme, 14cup balsamic vinegar, 1 large porterhouse steak, about 112 lbs. and 2 inches thick, 1 Tbs. unsalted butter, cut into bits], title: Bistecca with Balsamic Roasted Onions, picturelink: null}, 45455: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nOn a cutting board, cut the pork into 1 12inch cubes and place it in a roasting pan approximately 13 by 21inch. Put the water into a blender add the garlic, onion, salt, black pepper, oregano, chile pepper and chili powder. Blend until it is as smooth as possible. Pour over the pork cubes and toss to coat well.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCover the roasting pan and place in the oven to bake for 1 12 hours or until fork tender.nServe pork over romaine lettuce leaves., ingredients: [2 12 pounds pork shoulder or cushion, 16 ounces water, 6 garlic cloves, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 medium onion peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, Pinch dried oregano, 3 ounces red chile pepper, coarsely chopped, 2 12 ounces red chili powder, Romaine lettuce leaves, rinsed and dried, for serving], title: Berts Burger Bowl  Carne Adovada, picturelink: JpOjDfqGSKfqlaKRlkLXutU9n1z6Ks2}, 45456: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDivide the asparagus spears into 12 bundles. Carefully wrap 1 piece of bacon around each bundle, starting about 12 inch from the bottom of the tips. Secure the baconwrapped spears with a toothpick. Lay the bundles in a lowsided casserole dish.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the brown sugar, butter, soy sauce, garlic salt and pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil. Pour the hot sugar mixture over the asparagus bundles. Transfer the dish to the oven and roast until the spears have begun to wilt and the bacon looks fully cooked, about 25 minutes. Remove the toothpicks before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh asparagus, ends trimmed, 12 slices bacon, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper], title: Asparagus Bundles, picturelink: lXdTDem4TqNESzMLk5zyRsmeFZ5Fiz.}, 45457: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil. In a small bowl, mix the mayonnaise, ketchup and chopped pickle, if using leave out for a smoother Russian dressing. Season with a pinch each salt and pepper, and set aside.nLay 4 slices of the bread on the baking sheet. Spread each with 1 tablespoon of the Russian dressing and top each with 2 slices Swiss and 1 slice Jarlsburg. Add the corned beef, pastrami and sauerkraut. Spread the remaining Russian dressing on the remaining 4 slices of bread and place on top to assemble the sandwiches.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Put 2 sandwiches in the skillet and cook until the bread is toasted and golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer back to the baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining oil and sandwiches.nBake the sandwiches until warmed through and the cheese is melted, about 10 minutes. Serve with a pickle on the side., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons finely chopped dill pickle spears, optional, plus whole spears for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 thickcut slices sourdough rye bread 12 ounces, or your favorite hearty bread such as rye, country white or Texas toast, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 4 slices Jarlsburg cheese, 1 pound thinly sliced deli corned beef, 1 pound thinly sliced deli pastrami, 1 12 cups prepared sauerkraut, rinsed and drained 12 ounces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Triple Play Reuben, picturelink: null}, 45458: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the bucatini and cook to al dente according to package directions. Drain, reserving 12 cup pasta water.nHeat a large skillet with deep sides over mediumhigh heat and add the butter and olive oil. When the butter is melted, add the garlic. Saute the garlic until golden, about 30 seconds, and then add the tomato puree, bay leaves and Parmesan rind. Simmer for 10 minutes. Add the basil and simmer for a few more minutes until the sauce is thickened. Stir in the reserved pasta water and cooked bucatini. Toss to coat the bucatini in the sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the bucatini among 4 to 6 plates and garnish each with grated Parmesan and 1 basil leaf.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound bucatini pasta, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, chopped, One 28ounce can tomato puree, 2 dry bay leaves, A Parmesan rind, 2 tablespoons torn fresh basil leaves, plus whole leaves for garnish, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Bucatini with Tomato Sauce and Fresh Basil, picturelink: L5Kn3VKhqJ1Tuo.z9SWiz0HzfWkfslK}, 45459: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 wooden pop sticksnIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough canola oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 375 degrees F.nIn a mediumsized, heavy bottomed saucepan over medium heat, add the caramels, butterscotch chips, milk and vanilla. Cook, stirring frequently with a rubber spatula, until well incorporated, melted, and smooth, about 8 to 10 minutes. Keep warm.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, seltzer, 1 12 cups of flour, and cream of tartar. Skewer the apples onto wooden sticks. Dredge the apples, first in 12 cup flour, and then into the batter. Fry the apples, in batches, in the deepfryer until crispy, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels. Pour the caramel sauce into a small bowl. Dust the apples with cinnamon sugar and serve with the caramel sauce., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 14 ounces caramel candies, unwrapped, 14 cup butterscotch chips, 14 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 1 cup seltzer water, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus 12 cup to dredge apples, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cored, cut into thirds, 12 wooden pop sticks, Cinnamon sugar, for garnish], title: Apple Pie on a Stick with Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45460: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill to high. Place the potatoes in a large saucepan and cover by 1inch with cold water. Add 1 tablespoon of salt, bring to boil over high heat and cook until just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Drain, let cool slightly and halve.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, combine the mayonnaise, mustard, peppers, garlic, vinegar, paprika and salt and pepper in a blender or food processor and process until smooth.nBrush the cut sides of the potatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill cut side down until lightly golden brown, about 2 minutes.nToss the potatoes with the red pepper mayonnaise while still warm, mashing slightly to break them up. Fold in the parsley and season with salt and pepper, if needed., ingredients: [2 pounds small Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 red bell peppers, grilled, peeled, seeded and diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon champagne or white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Spanish smoked paprika, Canola oil, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, plus more for garnish], title: Grilled Yukon Gold Potato Salad with Red PepperSmoked Paprika Mayonnaise, picturelink: MwkK6jb3Of.TRIFbFvJessk1dL3Tiy}, 45461: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nThread the skewers starting with the sausage, then the red pepper, then the pancetta, then the pineapple. Each skewer should have 2 of these sets. Continue with the rest of the skewers.nArrange on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown on the edges and the pancetta is cooked through, about 25 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [8 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes, 12 pound sweet Italian sausage, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 red pepper, cored and cut into 1inch squares, 14 pound pancetta, cubed, 12 cup pineapple cubes, fresh or canned], title: Italian Breakfast Skewers, picturelink: LEW6gwurN8AunnNJQv2OcB04PHtcWQ2}, 45462: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIf roasting your own chiles: Preheat an outdoor grill to high. Place the Anaheim chiles on the grill and cook, turning to cook evenly, until the skins blister and blacken. Remove from the grill and place in a plastic bag. Seal the bag and let the chiles stand for 5 to 10 minutes. Remove the skin, stems and seeds and chop into 14inch pieces.nHeat some butter in a large pot and add the cubed pork. Cook about15 minutes, and then add the onions and spices. Cook on low heat, stirring occasionally. When the pork has cooked through, add the fresh tomatoes, canned tomatoes, green chiles and jalapenos, if using. Stir occasionally.nAfter 5 minutes, add 8 cups water. Bring to a low boil. Stir occasionally. Increase the heat and bring the chili to a rolling or high boil.nIn separate pan, melt the butter or margarine and whisk in the flour, stirring until creamy.nSlowly add the roux to the chili, stirring constantly, and shut off the heat. Continue to stir so that the roux is evenly distributed. Roux amount can be adjusted depending on desired consistency or thickness.nLet stand 5 minutes and serve in a bowl or smothered, ingredients: [25 fresh Anaheim green chiles or five 4 12ounce cans green chiles, 3 sticks 12 ounces butter or margarine, plus more for sauteing pork, 3 pounds pork, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 large white onions, cut into 12inch dice, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon salt, 1 34 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 34 tablespoons ground dry mustard powder, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 6 large tomatoes, cut into 12inch dice, Two 14 12ounce cans diced tomatoes, 3 fresh jalapenos, diced, optional for added heat, 1 cup flour], title: Sams No.3 Kickin Green Chili, picturelink: ySGwCCldOzZ8X09y8YmEtRlZcmhhe}, 45463: {instructions: Special equipment: A small pineappleshaped cookie cutternPut the gelatin in a medium bowl. Whisk in 2 cups boiling water until the gelatin is fully dissolved. Cool the mixture to room temperature and then whisk in the coconut milk and rum. Pour the mixture into a 13by9inch baking dish. The coconut milk solids will rise to the top to make a skin. Refrigerate overnight.nDip the pan in warm not hot water for 15 seconds to loosen the gelatin. Use the cookie cutter to cut out pineapple shapes. Gently lift them out of the pan and onto a plate or baking sheet.nMix 3 or 4 drops of green food coloring with about 1 tablespoon water. Dip a piece of paper towel in the food coloring and gently dab the leaves of the pineapple shapes to die them light green. Refrigerate again to dry the food coloring, about 30 minutes serve., ingredients: [Four 3ounce packages pineappleflavored gelatin, 1 12 cups cold coconut milk, 1 12 cups cold spiced rum, Green food coloring, for dyeing], title: Pina Colada Shots, picturelink: PN3GUhANv1xPr63PzlW3tY50CWlwt5W}, 45464: {instructions: 1. To make the sauce: Bring all of the ingredients to a boil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, whisking often. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, whisking occasionally to discourage scorching, until lightly thickened and reduced by about onequarter, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool. The sauce can be covered and refrigerated for up to 2 weeks.n2. To make the rub: Whisk all of the ingredients together in a small bowl.n3. Put the wingettes in a very large bowl and toss with the rub. Divide the wingettes among two 1gallon selfsealing plastic bags, seal, and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight.n4. Position racks in the top third and center of the oven and preheat the ovennto 400 degrees F. Line two 18by13inch halfsheet pans with aluminum foil for easy cleanup.n5. Spread the wingettes out on the baking sheets, spacing them well apart. Roast the wingettes, turning the wings over and switching the positions of the baking sheets from top to bottom and front to back halfway through cooking, until the wings are crisp and cooked through, about 40 minutes. During the last 5 minutes, brush the wings with some of the sauce. Remove the wings from the oven.n6. Position a broiler about 8 inches from the source of heat and preheat the broiler on high. In batches, broil the wings to caramelize the sauce in spots, about 3 minutes. Serve hot, with any leftover sauce passed on the side., ingredients: [1 cup storebought spicy barbecue sauce, such as Rattler BBQ Sauce, 1 cup tomato ketchup, 14 cup molasses not blackstrap, 12 cup bourbon, preferably Makers Mark, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon ground coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon sweet smoked paprika, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 34 teaspoon celery salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 5 12 pounds chicken wingettes see Cooks Note], title: Smoky Rubbed Chicken Wings with Honey, Bourbon, and Molasses Sauce, picturelink: f2V5EIWn7zivfqmEIgyFttjCRVCbbnm}, 45465: {instructions: Break the frozen acai up a little by slapping the sealed packets on the countertop or hitting them with a meal mallet. Blend the berries with 12 the banana, 14 cup of the blueberries and the honey in the blender, stopping to stir and break up the mixture as needed, until its the consistency of a thick smoothie transfer to a cereal bowl.nSlice the remaining 12 banana. Arrange the slices, the remaining 14 cup blueberries, granola, pomegranate seeds and coconut flakes in neat piles or rows on top of the acai. Then take a photo, ingredients: [Two 4ounce packets unsweetened frozen acai puree, 1 medium banana, 12 cup blueberries, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 tablespoons granola, 2 tablespoons pomegranate seeds, 1 tablespoon unsweetened coconut flakes], title: Acai Breakfast Bowl, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 45466: {instructions: Fill a large bowl with cold water. Trim and discard the last 2 inches of the chard stems. Add leaves to water. If the greens are very dirty wash them in several changes of water. Lift the greens from the water, and put them in a colander to drain. Roughly chop the greens.nIn a large Dutch oven or tall sided skillet over medium heat, cook the onion, garlic, red pepper flakes, cider vinegar and nutmeg for about 2 minutes. Add the greens in batches, stirring each batch as they wilt, before adding more. Add 1 cup chicken stock and cook, covered, stirring once or twice, until tender, about 10 minutes. Adjust the seasoning with vinegar, salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 pounds swiss chard, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, plus more to taste, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup chicken stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wilted Chard, picturelink: apjmuU4ZIsbbIluZQsqWPGSxlVNMv.C}, 45467: {instructions: Combine the sauce ingredients in a mixing bowl stir well and let sit 30 minutes at room temperature.nMix the ricotta together with the salt and the pepper until evenly distributed.nPreheat a grill pan over high heat. Whisk olive oil and salt together in a bowl. Rub the veggie pieces with the olive oil mixture all over and grill until soft and browned on both sides, about 3 to 4 minutes per side.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nTo assemble the lasagnas:nLine the bottom of a mini foil baking dish with a couple spoonfuls of sauce. Lay a single layer of raw lasagna noodles over that. Next scatter a mixture of the veggies over top, then an even layer of ricotta. Repeat once more and top it all of with plenty of mozzarella.nPlace lasagna on a baking sheet to catch any dripping cheese. Bake for about 30 minutes or until bubbly and well browned on top., ingredients: [1 28ounce can chopped tomatoes, 2 cloves garlic, pressed, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons sugar, Few pinches salt, Few dashes red chili flakes, 10 grinds fresh black pepper, 1 small bunch fresh parsley, leaves coarsely chopped, 2 cups ricotta, Few pinches salt, About 20 grinds black pepper, 13 cup olive oil, Salt, 1 large zuchinni, sliced into 18inch thick rounds, 1 large summer squash, sliced into 18inch thick rounds, 1 small eggplant, sliced into 18inch thick rounds, 1 package uncooked lasagna noodles, 8 ounces shredded mozzarella], title: Individual Lasagnas, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 45468: {instructions: Trim the Brussel sprouts by removing the tough outer leaves and stems. Halve lengthwise. Cook the Brussel sprouts in a cast iron casserole or ovenproof skillet in boiling salted water for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and set aside.nPeel the onion, cut through the stem into 6 equal wedges, and trim any ragged tops. Wipe dry the casserole dish and heat 14 cup oil in it. When the oil is hot but not smoking, add the onions. While the onions are cooking, halve the parsnips lengthwise, then in bitesize wedges and add to the onions. While the parsnips and onions are cooking, cut the carrots and celery in the same manner as the parsnips and add to the vegetables already cooking in the casserole dish. Continue cooking the vegetables until lightly browned on all sides, 1 to 2 minutes, turning as needed. Add the cooked Brussels sprouts to the dish. Season with salt, to taste. Cook until all the vegetables are well browned, about 10 minutes, turning as needed. Remove the vegetables to a bowl and season with 2 tablespoons of Fennel Spice Rub to coat. Remove the vegetables from the casserole dish and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut the chicken into bonein serving pieces 2 drumsticks, 2 thighs, and 8 half pieces of breast. Heat the remaining 14 cup of oil in the casserole dish over high heat. Season the chicken pieces well on both sides with the remaining Fennel Spice Rub. When the oil is hot but not smoking, add the chicken pieces skin side down, in batches if necessary. Cook until the chicken is dark brown on all sides, about 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the chicken from the dish. Tilt the pan and pour off all but 2 tablespoons of fat. Reduce the heat to medium, add the garlic and pancetta, and cook until golden, about 1 to 2 minutes.nAdd the beans and their liquid into the casserole dish with the pancetta. Bring to a simmer. Add the reserved vegetables and the chicken, skin side up. Roast, uncovered, until the chicken is fully cooked and the surface is nicely browned, 25 to 30 minutes. Let rest at room temperature for 10 to 15 minutes before serving warm.nPut the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a heavy pan over medium heat. Watch carefully, tossing frequently so the seeds toast evenly. When light brown and fragrant, pour the seeds onto a plate to cool. They must be cool before grinding, or they will gum up the blades.nPour the seeds into a blender and add the salt. Blend to a fine powder, shaking the blender occasionally to redistribute the seeds. Store in a tightly sealed glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze.nYield: 1 14 cups, ingredients: [12 medium Brussels sprouts, 2 medium red onions, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 medium parsnips, 3 medium carrots, 3 celery stalks, peeled, Finely ground sea salt, 14 cup Fennel Spice Rub, recipe follows, 1 4 pound chicken plus 2 bonein chicken breasts, 2 to 3 garlic cloves, smashed, 14 pound pancetta, cut into strips about 12inch thick and 1inch long, optional, 1 pound giant white beans, such as Corona, precooked or canned with liquid, 1 cup fennel seeds, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, 3 tablespoons grey salt], title: Bean Cassoulet with Fennel Spiced Chicken and Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 45469: {instructions: Put the olive oil in a medium skillet over high heat. Once the oil is hot add the mussels and cook for 1 minute.nReduce the heat to medium and add the bell pepper, garlic, lemongrass and shallots. Stir for 1 minute and then add the beer, cream, peas, basil, lemon juice, crab base and hot sauce. Continue to stir until the mussels are completely open, then let simmer until the sauce is reduced by a quarter, 3 to 4 minutes. Serve with crusty French bread, if desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 mussels, cleaned, 14 cup minced red bell pepper, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped lemongrass, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 12 cup IPA beer, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup fresh English peas, 14 cup finely chopped basil, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon crab base, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Crusty French bread, for serving, optional], title: Sauteed Mussels with Beer and Lemongrass, picturelink: null}, 45470: {instructions: Tear the spinach into 1 12inch pieces, discarding any tough thick stems towards the bottoms. Heat the vegetable oil in a hot wok and saute the garlic over high heat until slightly browned. Add the spinach and toss for 1 minute. Add the oyster sauce, soy beans and palm sugar and toss for 1 minute more. Transfer to a serving plate, garnish with the chiles and serve., ingredients: [1 pound water spinach, washed, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons fermented soy beans, 2 teaspoons liquid palm sugar or shaved palm sugar jaggery, 1 long red chile, finely sliced], title: Water Spinach and Fermented Soy Beans, picturelink: null}, 45471: {instructions: Core and shred the cabbage. Melt the fat in a large pot. Add the bacon and saute until cooked, then remove with a slotted spoon. Next, cook the onions until soft, but not brown. Put the bacon back in. Stir in the cabbage and cook for about 10 minutes.nPour in the stock, wine and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and simmer until the cabbage is nearly tender, about 30 minutes. Uncover, add the currants, brown sugar and apples and continue cooking until the cabbage is completely tender and most of the liquid has been absorbed, about 10 minutes longer. Correct the seasonings, and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces250g red cabbage about 12 cabbage, 1 tablespoon pork fat or vegetable oil, About 4 thick slices bacon, cut into lardons, 1 onion, chopped, 12 cup125ml beef or vegetable stock, 12 cup125ml dry red wine, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar or balsamic vinegar, plus more if needed, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup currants, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 apple, peeled, cored and chopped], title: Red Wine Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 45472: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a small 6 by 9inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nCombine the panko, cheese, and parsley in a small bowl.nWhisk the cream cheese in a large bowl until completely smooth. Stir in the mayonnaise, milk, shallot, chives, lemon juice, Worcestershire, mustard, salt, and hot sauce. Gently fold in the crabmeat until just blended. Spoon the mixture into the baking dish and sprinkle with the panko mixture. Bake on the top rack until the topping is browned and the filling is hot and bubbly, 35 minutes. Serve with celery or other crudites., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 14 cup plain panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 4 ounces reducedfat cream cheese Neufchatel, softened at room temperature, 12 cup light mayonnaise, 14 cup fatfree milk, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 8ounce container lump crabmeat, picked through, Celery or other crudites], title: Crabmeat Fondue, picturelink: v0lm3zMoNQmhEmBMjt07UYdZXJQARm}, 45473: {instructions: Mash the avocado in a medium bowl. Mix in the JalapenoMango Salsa and jicama. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with homemade or purchased tortilla chips.nHeat the vegetable oil in a small saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Lightly fry the jalapeno chiles, turning them in the pan until their skins are blistered, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Once cooled, stem, seed and finely chop the jalapeno chiles and place them into a large mixing bowl. Add the cilantro, mangoes, lime juice and onions and season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately or store the salsa in the refrigerator in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 avocado, peeled and pitted, 1 cup JalapenoMango Salsa, recipe follows, 13 cup peeled and diced jicama, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Tortilla chips, for serving, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 whole jalapeno chiles, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 mangoes, peeled, pitted and diced, 1 lime, juiced, 14 large red onion, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Spicy Guacamole with JalapenoMango and Chips, picturelink: null}, 45474: {instructions: Add about 6 cups water to a large pot with the vegetable oil and chicken broth seasoning. Bring to a mild boil for about 5 minutes. Add the chicken pieces and give it another 10 minutes over medium heat or until the chicken cooks. Add the carrots, fish sauce, roasted garlic and sugar. Let it cook over low heat another 3 minutes, and then the egg noodles and Dried Pepper Extract and cook for a final 2 minutes.nTake your choice of 6 of the dried peppers. Over a bowl, snap off the tails but try to keep the seeds in the bowl. Fill a large saucepan with 6 to 8 ounces water. Add the peppers and boil over medium heat until you see the skins soften and become moist, about 3 minutes. Then strain a little of the water in the sink but leave enough to blend the peppers, 1 to 1 12 ounces. Remember to keep the seeds.nAdd the fresh garlic, cumin and the peppers and seeds to a blender and puree. You have now created the paste used to generate the hot oil.nHeat the oil in a large saucepan over low heat for 3 to 4 minutes. CAUTION: the following step may be toxic. Take the dried pepper paste you have just blended and SLOWLY and carefully drop into the hot oil while stirring for about 3 minutes. This will produce a homemade pepper extract, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon chicken broth seasoning, 6 ounces boneless skinless chicken breast, diced, 2 jumbo carrots diced up, 3 ounces Thai fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon roasted garlic, 8 ounces egg noodles, cooked, 16 ounces Dried Pepper Extract, recipe follows, Chile de arbol, Ancho, Guajillo, Chile del monte, Cascabel, Chipotle, Ghost peppers bhut jolokia, Butch T Trinidad scorpion, 14 tablespoon minced fresh garlic, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 cups vegetable oil], title: Inferno Soup, picturelink: gRrCUJBsn9pTrJsrheGE7G4J0b5hJ.m}, 45475: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a microwavesafe bowl, cover and cook on high for 5 to 7 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, combine remaining ingredients. Add cooked potatoes and toss to combine. Serve warm.nNOTE: If not planning to serve immediately, refrigerate and chill thoroughly can be served cold., ingredients: [1 16ounce package precooked rosemary and garlic potatoes recommended: Reesers, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons dried tarragon, crushed, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 14 cup real bacon pieces], title: Bacon and Scallion Potato Salad with Balsamic Dressing, picturelink: HjY9DYhUh31AYfy0rE99Orc8FRmD3pS}, 45476: {instructions: Peel, halve and pit the avocados. Toss the greens with the vinaigrette and arrange on chilled plates. Slice the avocado halves into fans and arrange on top along with parsnip chips if using. Serve immediately.nPISTACHIO OIL VINAIGRETTE:nWhisk lemon juice, shallots and honey together until honey is dissolved. Slowly whisk in pistachio oil and season to taste with salt and pepper. Store covered and refrigerated up to 2 days. Yield: 12 cup, ingredients: [2 medium firmripe avocados, 4 cups moderately packed mixed young savory greens such as arugula, red mustard,, mizuna, cress, etc., Pistachio oil vinaigrette recipe follows, Garnish: Very thinly sliced parsnips which have been deepfried until golden and crisp,, if desired. These can be done 1 or 2 hours ahead.], title: Avocado and Spicy Greens with a Pistachio Oil Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 45477: {instructions: Combine the scallions, bell pepper, olive oil, lime juice, garlic, thyme, allspice, ginger, brown sugar, chile pepper and 1 tablespoon salt in a food processor pulse to make a thick sauce. Refrigerate 14 cup for serving.nSeason the hens all over with salt and pepper poke a few holes into the bone side. Rub 1 cup of the jerk sauce all over the hens in a large bowl or pan. Cover and refrigerate for 2 to 4 hours.nPreheat a grill to medium prepare for direct and indirect grilling: On a charcoal grill, bank the coals on one side. For a gas grill, turn off one of the burners after preheating. Remove the hens from the marinade, letting any excess drip off place skinside up on the cooler side of the grill position the legs closer to the fire. Cover and cook until the hens are golden brown, about 15 minutes.nBaste the hens with any extra jerk sauce, then turn them over to the directheat side of the grill cook, uncovered, until the skin is dark brown and the meat is cooked through but still moist, 5 to 10 more minutes. A thermometer inserted into the thickest part should read 160 degrees. Set the hens aside for 5 minutes, then serve with the reserved jerk sauce.nPhotography by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 large bunch scallions, roughly chopped, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, quartered and seeded, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup lime juice, 6 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon ground allspice, 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger, 1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar, 1 Scotch bonnet chile pepper, stemmed remove seeds to tame heat, Kosher salt, 4 Cornish game hens 1 12 to 2 pounds each, cut in half, Freshly ground pepper], title: Jerk Cornish Hens, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 45478: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Place the tomatoes and jalapeno cutside down on a foillined broiler pan. Add the onion and garlic and broil until blackened, 7 to 10 minutes. Peel the garlic.nMeanwhile, heat about 12 inch vegetable oil in a deep saucepan over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Fry the tortillas in batches until light brown, about 1 minute. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels season lightly with salt while still hot.nHeat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sesame seeds and toast until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a blender along with the broiled vegetables, oregano, chile powder, 1 teaspoon salt and the cilantro stems. Puree until smooth.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in the same skillet over high heat. Add the puree and cook, stirring often, until thickened, 8 to 10 minutes. Partially cover the skillet if the sauce starts to splatter. Reduce the heat to medium. Add the chicken and broth and heat through, 3 to 4 minutes. Fold in the tortillas and cook until softened, about 1 minute. Keep warm while you fry the eggs.nDivide the chilaquiles among plates. Top with the eggs, cheese, radishes and cilantro leaves. Drizzle with crema, if desired.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 jalapeno pepper, halved lengthwise remove seeds for less heat, 1 white onion, quartered, 2 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 12 corn tortillas, each cut into 8 wedges, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 bunch cilantro, stems and leaves separated, 1 rotisserie chicken, skin removed, meat shredded, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 6 large eggs, 12 cup grated cotija cheese 6 radishes, thinly sliced, 13 cup Mexican crema or sour cream optional], title: Chicken Chilaquiles With Fried Eggs, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 45479: {instructions: Special equipment: wood chips, soaked in waternFor the steak marinade: In a baking dish, whisk together the wine, liquid smoke and vinegar. Sprinkle the steak with salt and pepper and place in the marinade. Marinate for 15 minutes.nFor the barbecue sauce: Combine the ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, agave, adobo sauce and chipotle chile in a saucepan and reduce until thick and spreadable.nFor the Southwest chimichurri: Combine the capers, cornichons, cilantro, parsley and jalapeno in a food processor and pulse until the sauce is chunky. With the motor running, slowly pour in oil until the sauce is well combined and a little bit smooth it should not be a pureed paste. Taste and season with salt and pepper.nFor the smoked veggies and steak: Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Remove the steak from the marinade and grill to desired temperature. Brush with a little liquid smoke for a grilled flavor and brush with the barbecue sauce. Reserve.nGrill the bell peppers on a grill pan.nWrap the wood chips in a foil pouch. Place the bell peppers and wood chips in a stockpot with the liquid smoke and 1 tablespoon water and steam for a few minutes to infuse flavor.nServe the steak topped with the Southwest chimichurri and with the grilled peppers and remaining barbecue sauce on the side., ingredients: [3 cups red wine, 14 cup liquid smoke, plus more for brushing, 14 cup fig balsamic vinegar, 1 hanger or flank steak about 2 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons agave syrup, 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, 1 chipotle chile in adobo, minced, 14 cup equal parts chopped capers and cornichons, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 jalapeno, diced, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 green bell pepper, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, sliced, 1 yellow bell pepper, sliced, 14 cup liquid smoke], title: Grilled Hanger Steak with Smoked Veggies, Barbecue Sauce and Southwest Chimichurri, picturelink: M16WPvIHzYmhTNThZQq8BvG7tYYP19W}, 45480: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the oil over medium high heat. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in the greens and cover. Cook for about 1 minute or until they are just wilted. Sprinkle with lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 pound fresh kale, Swiss chard, spinach, or beet greens washed and rinsed and stems removed, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Salt and pepper], title: Sauteed Greens with Lemon, picturelink: null}, 45481: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Lomo Saltado:nMelt a little lard in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the halved onions and the 8 garlic cloves and cook until lightly browned. Remove from the pan and discard the onion. Reserve the garlic. In the infused lard, fry the roasted onions, roasted garlic, roasted tomatoes and tomatillos. Reserve.nIn another large skillet, add the sesame seeds, almonds, peanuts, raisins, prunes, plantains, coriander seeds, star anise and cinnamon, and toast until aromatic. Set aside.nIn a blender add the reserved garlic, the onion mixture, the nut mixture, croissants, tortilla pieces and the 1 12 quarts of chicken stock. Puree until a smooth mole forms. Transfer mole mixture to a large stock pot.nSeed and devein the mulattos, anchos, pasillas and chipotles. Coat a large fry pan with lard. Add the chiles and saute until soft. Add the chiles to a blender and puree, then strain into the pot with the mole. Put the pot over low heat and add the chocolate and the sugar, stirring constantly. Stir in the remaining chicken stock, a little at a time, until the desired thickness of the mole is reached., ingredients: [Lard, as needed, 2 12 onions, halved, 8 garlic cloves, plus 1 head garlic, roasted, 1 onion, roasted and chopped, 3 tomatoes, roasted, 10 tomatillos, roasted, 34 cup sesame seeds, 34 cup almonds, 34 cup peanuts, 34 cup raisins, 1 cup prunes, 1 12 plantains, sliced into 14inch pieces, 1 teaspoon ground coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon ground star anise, 1 4inch cinnamon stick, ground, 1 stale croissant, cit in pieces, 1 charred tortilla, broken into pieces, 1 12 quarts chicken stock, plus 2 quarts, 30 mulatto chiles, 16 ancho chiles, 6 pasilla chiles, 1 chipotle chiles, 8 ounces Mexican chocolate, chopped, 14 cup sugar, 2 quarts chicken broth, plus more as needed], title: Mole Poblano, picturelink: ck5kIqEqcNS2Ce9hQ4Y2Rss4Z.V6ukq}, 45482: {instructions: 1. Heat a medium sauce pan over medium low heat. Saute onion in butter until soft, about 5 minutes. Add potatoes, stock, and 1 cup corn. Simmer with lid on until potatoes are tender, about 15 to 20 minutes.n2. Place mixture and milk into the Vitamix container and secure lid.n3. Select Variable 1.n4. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 7.n5. Blend for 10 to 15 seconds.n6. Return mixture to saucepan over low heat. Stir in remaining corn and season with salt and pepper. Serve garnished with fresh chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 34 cup 120 g chopped onion, 18 ounces 519 g russet potatoes, cut into 12inch 1.3 cm cubes, 2 cups 480 ml vegetable stock, 3 fresh corn ears, shucked, kernels removed OR 3 cups frozen corn kernels, divided use 12 cup milksalt and ground black pepper to tastefresh chopped parsley], title: Corn Chowder, picturelink: RrcZJt9vdGg2W6FcPWy9O66lnDZOOy}, 45483: {instructions: For the filling: Roast the chile peppers, bell peppers, onions and tomatoes on a grill or open flame until charred on the outside. Place in a plastic bag or on a tray and cool in the refrigerator for at least an hour.nPull them out of the refrigerator and reserve 1 red bell pepper, 1 red onion and 1 red tomato for the sauce. Remove the skin and seeds if desired from the rest of the peppers while being very careful to not touch your face. Leaving the seeds in will mean your enchiladas are much spicier. For milder enchiladas, leave out the habaneros altogether. Scrape any black char off of your red onion and the outer skin not good eats. After this is done, you want to mix your peppers, onions, tomatoes and hot peppers and chop them into bitesize pieces.nWhen the vegetables are chopped, add your crawfish tail meat and half your jack cheese and mix well.nIn separate mixing bowl, add the Cajun spice, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika and thyme. This spice mix you have created is a great blackening spice so save any extra you have. Some Cajun spices have more salt then others, so taste your mixture. It should have lots of flavor but have a nice balance of salt. If you find you need a little salt, add some seasoned salt or a seasonall if too salty, add a little more paprika, garlic and onion powder.nOnce you have your spices mixed together, add half of it to your crawfish mixture and taste.nFor the sauce: Add a splash of olive oil to a hot pan over mediumhigh heat, and then add the butter. Immediately add your garlic and shallots this will cook quickly so have your cream ready to go. Cook for maybe a minute, stirring constantly dont burn, and then add your heavy cream. Using a whisk, stir the sauce until it just starts to simmer. Reduce the heat to low and stir every couple of minutes.nIn a food processor, add the reserved red bell pepper, onion, tomato, Cajun spice, paprika and seasoned salt. Puree into a smooth consistency.nAdd this mixture to your hot cream and stir well. Turn the heat up to medium and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring often. Do not let the sauce boil over. Allow the sauce to cool and then chill in the refrigerator if you want to make it ahead of time.nTo assemble: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the vegetable oil in a deep frying pan to 350 degrees F.nUsing a pair of metal tongs, drop the tortillas 2 at a time into the hot oil for about 10 seconds. Remove from the oil and place on a plate lined with paper towels to absorb the oil. Allow the tortillas to cool, but dont chill them. While they are still slightly warm, begin spooning in the filling about onequarter of the way down the tortillas and then roll tight.nUsing a cake pan or a deep casserole dish, place about 12 cup of the cream sauce in the bottom of the pan and spread evenly. Add each enchilada side by side until the pan is filled. Pour enough sauce to completely cover the top. Add the rest of your jack cheese and place in the oven to bake for 30 to 40 minutes. The cheese should be bubbling hot and just starting to brown.nBon Appetit, ingredients: [2 habanero peppers, 1 jalapeno pepper, 1 poblano pepper, 1 serrano pepper, 2 red bell peppers, 2 red onions, 2 red tomatoes, 1 pound crawfish tail meat, 1 pound shredded jack cheese, 2 tablespoons Cajun spice, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground thyme or oregano, Olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, 4 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon Cajun spice, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, such as Lawrys, 2 cups vegetable oil, 10 to 15 white or yellow corn tortillas], title: Voodoo Crawfish Enchiladas, picturelink: S2lkkguzhmhSA1y9q4WJMKTZm.CIXm}, 45484: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor combine flour, sugar and salt. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Turn mixture out onto a 9 by 13inch baking pan and press into an even layer, covering the pan. Bake in the middle of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until layer is light golden brown. While the crust is baking, in a large bowl over simmering water whisk the butter, 34 cup sugar and lemon juice until the mixture feels warm, sugar is completely melted and incorporated, and is lighter, about 5 minutes. Remove bowl from heat. Beat eggs with 1 tablespoon sugar until light and frothy. Temper hot lemon mixture into eggs then add eggs back into lemon, whisking constantly. Pour lemon mixture over hot crust, return pan to the oven and bake another 15 to 20 minutes until curd is set and crust is golden brown. Allow to cool completely on a rack. Cut into 2inch squares., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into quarters, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Lemon Squares, picturelink: null}, 45485: {instructions: To make dressing: Whisk together lime juice, paprika, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and add oil in a slow stream, whisking until well blended.nTo make salad: Toss cantaloupe and honeydew with half of dressing in a bowl. Decoratively arrange the arugula on a platter and then add the melon. Season with salt and pepper, to taste an drizzle with remaining dressing. Serve immediately.nCooks note: It is important that the ham not be sliced as thinly as prosciutto usually is. Slightly thicker ham is easier to cut into strips and will stay separated in a salad instead of clumping together., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika sweet or hot, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 5 tablespoons mild extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups 1inch pieces cantaloupe flesh, 2 cups 1inch pieces honeydew flesh, 2 large bunches arugula 34 pound, coarse stems discarded, 4 ounces thinly sliced serrano ham, cut crosswise into 34inchwide strips], title: Melon, Arugula, and Serrano Ham with Smoked Paprika Dressing, picturelink: LHdzBgbntNIs9xd1XVJWZPr3C9.0fy}, 45486: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSet aside 4 small sprigs of heather for decoration, and crush the rest with a rolling pin to bruise and release flavors. Pour the whisky over the heather on a plate and leave to soak.nCrush 12 of the pint of raspberries and put them inside the pheasants. Spread the birds with softened butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Wrap them in bacon, securing the whiskysoaked heather inside. Tie the birds with string and set them in a small roasting pan. Pour over any whisky from the heather.nRoast the birds in the oven, basting them often and turning them from time to time so they brown evenly, 35 to 45 minutes. When done they should be well browned and the legs will wiggle when pulled.nTip raspberries from the birds into the pan. Transfer bird to a carving board and cover with foil to keep warm.nFor gravy: stir flour into the pan juices and cook, stirring, 1 to 2 minutes until browned. Add stock and bring the gravy to a boil, stirring to dissolve pan juices. Simmer it 2 minutes or until concentrated, then strain into a small pan.nWhisk in red currant jelly and heat until melted. Stir in remaining raspberries and cook 1 to 2 minutes until just soft. Taste gravy and adjust the seasoning. Using poultry shears, discard string from the pheasants and cut them in half, discarding backbone. Arrange them overlapping on a serving dish or on individual plates. Spoon over the raspberries with a little gravy, serving the rest separately. Decorate the pheasants with heather sprigs., ingredients: [6 to 8 sprigs heather, 2 tablespoons Scotch whisky, 2 pheasants, 1 pint raspberries, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, Salt and pepper, 4 thin slices bacon, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup wellreduced veal or chicken stock, 1 tablespoon red currant jelly], title: Roast Pheasant with Heather and Whiskey Raspberry Gravy, picturelink: null}, 45487: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Whisk the gravy and 1 tablespoon flour in a medium ovenproof skillet bring to a simmer over medium heat, whisking frequently. Add the brisket, sauerbraten vegetables, squash, thyme, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring gently, until the squash is heated through, about 5 minutes. Spread the mixture in an even layer in the skillet.nWhisk the corn, eggs, cheese, the remaining 1 tablespoon flour, and pepper to taste in a bowl. Pour over the meat mixture, transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the topping is set and browned in spots, 30 to 35 minutes. Let rest a few minutes before serving.nPer serving: Calories 587 Fat 25 g Saturated 8 g Cholesterol 199 mg Sodium 1,015 mg Carbohydrate 47 g Fiber 5 g Protein 51 gnSprinkle the brisket with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and cut crosswise into 3 pieces. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the brisket in batches and brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a 5 to 6quart slow cooker.nAdd the tomato paste to the skillet and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Whisk in the wine, vinegar and pickling spice sachet and simmer 4 minutes. Add to the slow cooker along with the beef broth, carrots, celery, leeks and half of the gingersnaps. Cover and cook on low, 8 hours.nRemove the meat, vegetables and spice sachet. Whisk the remaining gingersnaps into the cooking liquid and add salt, pepper and parsley to taste. Set aside 1 piece of brisket, 1 cup vegetables and 2 cups gravy for another use. Slice the remaining meat and serve with the vegetables and gravy.nPer serving: Calories 628 Fat 19 g Saturated 6 g Cholesterol 139 mg Sodium 795 mg Carbohydrate 25 g Fiber 4 g Protein 76 g, ingredients: [2 cups leftover Sauerbraten Gravy, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 piece leftover Sauerbraten Brisket, recipe follows, cut into bitesize pieces about 3 cups, 1 cup leftover Sauerbraten Vegetables, recipe follows, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 cups frozen butternut squash chunks about 10 ounces, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 15ounce can creamed corn, 2 large eggs, 34 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 1 4 to 5pound flatcut beef brisket, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup dry red wine, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon pickling spice, tied in cheesecloth with twine, 1 cup lowsodium beef broth, 6 carrots, quartered crosswise, 4 stalks celery, quartered crosswise, 2 leeks, halved lengthwise and sliced 12 inch thick, 12 gingersnap cookies, crumbled, Chopped fresh parsley, to taste], title: Corn, Squash and Beef Casserole, picturelink: rHme2yXxYd1WdnqM6WPlXfE.k7rom}, 45488: {instructions: Heat pan, add oil and andouille and render fat. Add onions, celery, garlic, corn and seasonings and sweat vegetables. Remove from heat and let cool. Whisk eggs and cream, add cooled andouillevegetable mixture. Add diced cornbread to cream mixture allow to soak for 20 minutes. Add mixture to 12 sheet hotel pan and cover with foil. Cook pudding for 40 to 50 minutes or until set. Cut into 4inch by 4inch squares., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 2 cups andouille sausage, diced 12inch, 1 cup onions, minced, 12 cup celery, minced, 2 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons LA spice, 6 eggs, 1 quart heavy cream, 16 cups jalapeno cornbread, 1inch cubes], title: Andouille Corn Pudding, picturelink: null}, 45489: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the dijon and juice. Drizzle in oil. Add the tomatoes and onion and season. Check for seasoning. Can be stored in an air tight container for up to 4 hours before serving. Right before serving, toss with the basil leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dijon mustard, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 4 large ripe tomatoes, mixed colors, 1 inch large dice, 1 small red onion, 14 inch dice, 1 cup picked thai basil leaves, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Thai BasilTomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 45490: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPulse the ice cubes in a food processor to break them up slightly. Add the lemonade concentrate and blend until completely smooth.nScoop into serving cups., ingredients: [3 cups ice cubes, 6 tablespoons pink lemonade concentrate, defrosted], title: Snow Cones, picturelink: nk5gdvGkjM6DY4DCrThXAYmZfRUbqe}, 45491: {instructions: Toss together all ingredients except feta cheese in a large bowl. Let sit at room temperature for 1 hour to allow flavors to develop. Toss in the feta cheese just before serving and taste for seasoning and adjust seasoning, if necessary., ingredients: [3 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 2 cucumbers, seeded and chopped, 1 bunch parsley, leaves picked, not chopped, 12 cup pitted and halved black olives, 12 small red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces Greek feta cheese, diced], title: Shepherds Salad, picturelink: leKb4MqAZhqtnkhYcvOhaYfgWZQNQVG}, 45492: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir together grated potatoes and onion, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a 9inch nonstick frying pan over mediumhigh heat. When bubbles subside, add the potato mixture and tamp down to spread into an even layer. Place a piece of foil over the top of the potatoes, then weight them down by placing a heavy plate on top that is slightly smaller in diameter than the pan. Cook, undisturbed, until the bottom is wellbrowned, about 15 minutes. Lift an edge of the potatoes with a spatula to check.nTo flip, remove plate and foil. Invert the plate over the top of the potato cake and, holding the pan and plate together with oven mitts, flip the whole operation so the potato cake lands on the plate. Melt remaining butter in the frying pan, then slide the cake, uncooked side down, back into the pan. Replace the plate and foil on the top, as before, then cook until underside is brown and crispy, about 10 more minutes. Remove plate and foil and slide cake onto a serving plate. Cut into wedges and serve plain or with sour cream and chives or green onion., ingredients: [4 baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and grated, 1 small red onion, grated, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, Sour cream, as a garnish, Chopped chives or green onion, as a garnish], title: Giant Rosti, picturelink: null}, 45493: {instructions: Place all ingredients into a blender and blend until thick and slushy. Pour into a margarita glass and garnish with the mango spear and a straw. This drink is also delicious without the tequila., ingredients: [23 cup cubed mango, 3 ounces Chinaco Blanco Tequila, 2 ounces Grand Marnier, 1 ounce freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 ounces freshly squeezed lime juice, 3 cups cracked ice, 1 mango spear for garnish], title: Frozen Mango Margarita, picturelink: null}, 45494: {instructions: Arrange the spaghetti squash halves in the bottom of a slow cooker.nIn a medium bowl, combine the tomatoes, olives, oregano, and 12 teaspoon each of salt and black pepper. Spoon the mixture over the spaghetti squash. Pour the olive brine in the slow cooker. Cover and cook on LOW for 6 to 8 hours or on HIGH for 3 to 4 hours.nWhen ready to serve, using a fork, loosen the squash slightly, creating spaghettilike strands. Spoon the tomato sauce over the squash, top each piece with some tuna, string cheese, and basil and serve., ingredients: [2 medium spaghetti squash, halved lengthwise, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, 12 cup pimentostuffed green olives, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons green olive brine from the olive jar, 2 6ounce cans chunk white tuna in water, drained, String cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Stuffed Spaghetti Squash with Tomatoes, Olives, Tuna and String Cheese, picturelink: efOxtiZZD1aGGXBuVHuwvV9Lsjzvy}, 45495: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with aluminum foil for easy cleaning and place a wire baking rack on top.nCombine the brown sugar and pecans in a food processor and process until the pecans are finely ground. Add the salt, black pepper and cayenne pepper and pulse to combine. Add the maple syrup and pulse again to moisten the crumbs.nCut each bacon slice in half crosswise and line up the pieces on the baking rack without touching. With a small spoon, evenly spread the pecan mixture on top of each piece of bacon, using all of the mixture. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until the topping is very browned but not burnt. If its underbaked, the bacon wont crisp as it cools.nWhile its hot, transfer the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels and set aside to cool. Serve at room temperature. The caramelized bacon can be made early in the day and stored at room temperature.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [12 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 cup chopped or whole pecans, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 12 pound thicksliced applewoodsmoked bacon such as Nodines], title: Caramelized Bacon, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 45496: {instructions: Combine the cherries, 14 cup water and the sugar in a small pot and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, mashing occasionally, to make a chunky syrup, about 8 minutes. Let cool, then stir in the lemon juice. Meanwhile, whisk the sour cream, condensed milk, almond extract and salt in a bowl.nFill 6 pop molds about onequarter of the way with some of the cherry mixture. Wipe any drips off the insides of the molds with a paper towel for even layers. Freeze until just set, about 30 minutes. Repeat with the sour cream mixture, filling the molds about halfway freeze again. Add the remaining cherry mixture and freeze, then top with the remaining sour cream mixture insert wooden sticks into the pops and freeze until completely solid, about 2 more hours.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and bake until golden, 7 to 10 minutes. Let cool, then chop.nTo release the pops, briefly run the molds under hot water. Press the almonds around the bottoms.nPhotograph by Victor Prado, ingredients: [1 12ounce bag frozen cherries, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 34 cup sour cream, 23 cup sweetened condensed milk, 14 teaspoon almond extract, Pinch of kosher salt, 14 cup almonds], title: Cherry Poppins, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 45497: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the flour on a deep plate or in a shallow bowl and season well with salt and pepper. Dredge the fish in the flour. Put a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add 1 tablespoon oil and the butter and get the skillet hot. Add the fillets and cook until browned on 1 side, 2 to 3 minutes. At the same time, add the prosciutto and cook, stirring, to brown. Then flip the fish, put the skillet in the oven, and roast until the fish is just cooked through, about 10 minutes.nRemove the fish to 2 serving plates. Dump the prosciutto out onto paper towels to drain. Put the skillet back over medium heat. Add another tablespoon olive oil, the white wine, lemon juice, capers, the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and the parsley and bring to a boil boil until reduced and thickened. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the sauce over the fish, top with the prosciutto, and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground salt and pepper, 2 6ounce halibut fillets, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 slices prosciutto, cut into strips, 12 cup white wine, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 teaspoons capers, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley plus whole sprigs, for garnish], title: PanRoasted Halibut with Prosciutto, Lemon, White Wine, and Capers, picturelink: XwFf0LLY1xFMiYtClOanQXF24KvqEW}, 45498: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray 8inch square baking pan with nostick cooking spray set aside.n2. For topping, combine sugars, cinnamon and macadamia pieces set aside.n3. For cake, in medium bowl combine flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt.n4. In large mixing bowl cream butter and sugar using electric mixer. Add eggs and vanilla extract mix until blended. Alternately add flour mixture and sour cream to butter mixture, mixing until just combined.n5. Spread half of cake mixture in pan. Sprinkle half of topping over cake mixture repeat with remaining cake mixture and topping.n6. Bake 40 to 45 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center is clean when removed. Remove to cooling rack cool completely. Cut into squares to serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs, Topping:, 13 cup brown sugar, firmly packed, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 cup Fisheru00ae Macadamia Halves and Pieces, Cake:, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup sour cream], title: Macadamia Coffee Cake, picturelink: null}, 45499: {instructions: Pound the pork tenderloin until it is flat. Dredge in flour and pan fry in corn oil, browning both sides. Remove the schnitzel from the pan. Add chopped onion and mushrooms to the pan, and then saute. To finish, add red wine, Worcestershire sauce, sour cream, and brown gravy. Place on serving dish and top with sauce from pan., ingredients: [6 ounces pork tenderloin, 1 cup flour, 1 cup corn oil, 3 ounces chopped onion, 3 ounces sliced mushrooms, 1 ounce red wine, 12 ounce sour cream, 3 ounce brown gravy, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Homemade Schnitzel, picturelink: null}, 45500: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly spray backside of muffin pan with cooking spray set aside.nUnroll pie crust. With a 3 14inch round cutter or an 8 ounce pineapple can with the top and bottom removed, cut out 6 rounds. Form rounds over the back of prepared muffin cups to make dessert cups. Prick cups lightly with a fork. Bake in preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden. Remove from oven set aside to cool.nWhile dessert cups are baking, add cream, coconut milk, instant espresso powder, and coconut extract to a small mixing bowl. Stir to combine. Sprinkle instant pudding mix over cream mixture and with an electric hand mixer on low speed beat until medium stiff beaks form about 6 minutes. Fold in half of the coconut until combined.nSpoon pudding mixture into cooled dessert cups. Top with a dollop of whipped topping and sprinkle with toasted coconut., ingredients: [12 15ounce box refrigerated pie crust, thawed, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 can light coconut milk, 4 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 2 1ounce boxes cheesecake flavored sugarfree instant pudding, 1 cup sweetened flake coconut, plus 13 cup toasted coconut, for garnish, Whipped topping, for garnish], title: Mochanut Cream Cups, picturelink: wLflojNFs6Em6Av58K.tno.8C6yIe8i}, 45501: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring 12 cups water, the mint, tea, vanilla seeds and sugar to a boil in a large pot over high heat. Boil for about 10 minutes, then remove from the heat and let steep for another 10 minutes. Remove the tea bags and mint sprigs and strain into large pitcher. Let cool to room temperature, then refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor each serving, fill a glass with ice, add 2 ounces of the bourbon and pour tea over. Garnish with a mint sprig mint and a lemon slice., ingredients: [12 large sprigs fresh mint, plus for garnish, 6 bags black tea, 2 vanilla beans, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, 13 cup sugar, 4 to 6 cups ice cubes, 16 ounces 2 cups bourbon, 8 thin slices lemon], title: Minty Spiked Vanilla Iced Tea, picturelink: MIA4X.bguJKoGRdEIrhXoDl0SF2zce}, 45502: {instructions: In a 4quart slow cooker, combine stew meat, onions, undrained tomatoes, carrots and garlic herb sauce mix. In a small bowl, whisk together the broth and pesto sauce mix. Pour over all in slow cooker.nCover and cook on low heat setting for 8 to 10 hours., ingredients: [2 pounds beef stew meat, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 bag 14ounce frozen pearl onions, CW, 1 can 14.5ounce diced tomatoes with Italian herbs, Hunts, 1 package 12ounce baby carrots, 1 packet 1.6ounce garlic herb sauce mix, Knorr, 12 cup reducedsodium beef broth, Swanson, 1 packet 0.5ounce pesto sauce mix, Knorr], title: Savory Italian Beef Stew, picturelink: sAEkoT.Q7hBEEo2bUNzQnsPPOhwgfm}, 45503: {instructions: Assemble the cake: Place 1 cake layer on a platter scoop the ice cream on top and spread it to the edge using an offset spatula. Top with the second cake layer, then run the spatula around the sides to smooth the ice cream. Freeze until firm, about 4 hours.nMake the topping: About 30 minutes before serving, remove the cake from the freezer and let stand at room temperature. Toss the berries and 3 tablespoons sugar in a bowl set aside until ready to serve. Beat the heavy cream, the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and the vanilla in a bowl with a mixer on medium speed until medium peaks form, 1 to 2 minutes. Spread on top of the cake. Top with the berries and their juices.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat two 9inchround cake pans with cooking spray and line the bottoms with parchment paper.nWhisk the cocoa powder and 1 12 cups boiling water in a medium bowl until smooth set aside. Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl until combined. Add the eggs, vegetable oil, sour cream and vanilla and beat with a mixer on medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the cocoa mixture in a steady stream until just combined, then finish mixing with a rubber spatula. The batter will be thin.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans and tap the pans against the counter to help the batter settle. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean, 30 to 40 minutes. Transfer to racks and let cool 10 minutes, then run a knife around the edge of the pans and turn the cakes out onto the racks to cool completely. Remove the parchment. Trim the tops of the cakes with a long serrated knife to make them level, if desired., ingredients: [Basic Chocolate Cake, recipe follows, baked and cooled, 3 cups strawberry ice cream, softened, 2 12 cups raspberries andor quartered strawberries, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup cold heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Cooking spray, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder natural or Dutch process, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Berry Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 45504: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium saute pan over medium heat add the oil and saute onions and raisins until both are tender, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool.nRoll out 6 of the crescent pastry rolls and slice in half forming 2 triangles and 12 pieces total. To assemble, place a piece of salami and cheese on 1 triangle. Add a dollop of the onion mixture in the center. Starting at the wider edge, roll the crescent triangle to form a small croissant. Place seam side down on a baking sheet. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Sprinkle poppy seeds over each roll and bake for 13 to 15 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil, 1 small red onion, chopped, 1 cup golden raisins, 1 8ounce tube crescent rolls recommended: Pillsbury, 12 slices about 3 ounces provolone, 12 slices 6 ounces Genoa or other salami, 1 tablespoon black poppy seeds], title: Farm in a Blanket, picturelink: TtguCg4LkzMSNo.NHqiMgTTwPjrukG}, 45505: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTake 3 sheets of phyllo at a time, butter and roll up, jellyroll style. Cut into fourths. Press, cut side down, into muffin pan cups. Press with fingers to flatten and work slightly up the sides of cup. Brush cups with melted butter. Repeat with remaining phyllo sheets, for a total of 24 cups.nTo prepare filling, place garlic, with tough bottoms cut off, in a plastic bag. Pound with the side of a meat cleaver. Remove skins and place crushed garlic in a deep microwave safe bowl. Add lemon juice and water. Cover and microwave for 2 minutes.nAdd cream cheese to garlic and cream together. Add beaten eggs, feta, crab, and 1 cup of the bread crumbs and mix well. Add cayenne pepper and mix again. Spoon mixture into each phyllo cup, distributing evenly, about 1 tablespoon of mixture per phyllo cup. Sprinkle remaining bread crumbs over the crab mixture about 1 teaspoon per phyllo cup and lightly dust the top of each with paprika.nBake for 25 minutes. Carefully remove each phyllo cupcrab cake onto a cooling rack. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [18 sheets phyllo dough, thawed note thawing time on package directions, 12 cup butter, melted, 6 large cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons water, 1 package 8 ounces cream cheese at room temperature, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 package 4 ounces crumbled feta cheese, 1 can 6 ounces crabmeat, drained or substitute fresh, 2 cups soft bread crumbs, divided, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Paprika, for garnish], title: GarlicGood Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 45506: {instructions: Whisk together egg yolks, whiskey and 14 cup sugar in a medium bowl. Set aside.nIn a large saucepan, whisk together cream, vanilla bean, vanilla seeds and 14 cup of sugar. Simmer over low heat until the chocolate is melted. Temper egg yolk mixture by slowly adding hot cream mixture to the egg yolk mixture, with a ladle, a little at a time. Once egg yolk mixture is thoroughly warmed add to the saucepan with the warm cream mixture. Stir until thickened and remove from the heat.nStrain mixture into a bowl over ice. Place the bowl into the refrigerator for at least 45 minutes. Once cooled, fold in the chocolate chips. Spin in an ice cream maker for 20 minutes until it reaches a softserve consistency., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 14 cup whiskey, 14 cup sugar, plus 14 cup, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean split, seeds scraped, 3 ounces chopped semisweet chocolate, 14 cup mini chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Whiskey Ice Cream, picturelink: JeVoY3uHii4E35WoooyrATXurn1drW}, 45507: {instructions: Stir together salsa and sour cream. Scrape the dip you made into a small bowl. Put the small bowl in the middle of a big plate. Arrange the veggies all around the dip and serve., ingredients: [1 cup mild salsa, any brand, 12 cup sour cream, 12 carrot sticks, store bought or cut by your GH Grownup Helper, 12 celery sticks, store bought or cut by your GH, 12 cherry or grape tomatoes, rinsed, 12 sugar snap peas, washed and dried], title: Creamy Salsa Dip and Veggies, picturelink: KGX9bDhPq7LmNT4kQW4q6nqgJvtDSNi}, 45508: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the chicken: Season the chicken cavity with salt and pepper, to taste. Stuff the chicken cavity with the shallot, half the thyme, and lemon zest. Set a vrack or regular rack in a roasting pan, and brush chicken with a bit of the olive oil. Whisk the honey and remaining oil in a small bowl. Dip the remaining thyme in the mixture and use it to brush the chicken all over with the honey mixture. Season bird with salt and pepper, to taste.nTuck the wings under the back, cross the legs, and tie them with kitchen string. Place the chicken breast side down on the rack and roast until the back is golden brown, about 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and turn the chicken breast side up. Cut the string where it holds the legs together and open up the legs a bit. Baste the chicken with the pan drippings, using the thyme sprigs as a brush. Roast the chicken again until the breast is golden brown and a meat thermometer inserted in the thigh registers 170 degrees F., 20 to 25 minutes more. Transfer the chicken to a carving board, and let it rest 10 minutes before carving.nFor the sauce: Remove the rack from the roasting pan. Put the pan over mediumhigh heat, add the water, and stir with a wooden spoon to release the brown bits that cling to the pan. Strain the pan drippings into a small bowl and spoon off the fat. Whisk in the lemon juice, olive oil, honey, shallot, thyme, salt, and pepper to taste. Carve the chicken and serve drizzled with the sauce., ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound chicken, excess fat trimmed and giblets removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 shallot, sliced, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 lemon, zested in large strips, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Provencal Roasted Chicken with Honey and Thyme, picturelink: 4LxqyFVj8GGsKSx7z27DNbCBMFC0zW}, 45509: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel the pears and cut them in 12 through the stem end. Use a melon baller to scoop out the cores. Put the pear halves in a large bowl. Sprinkle over the vanilla toss. Then sprinkle over the brown sugar, flour, cinnamon, and nutmeg and toss to coat the pears with the flavorings. Line the pears up in a buttered, sugared baking dish, rounded sides up.nIn the same bowl, mash together the butter, brown sugar, flour, and salt with your hands for the topping. Toss in the cranberries. Crumble the topping mixture over the pears in the baking dish and bake until the topping is crunchy and browned and the pears are very tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Serve with whipped cream., ingredients: [4 Bartlett pears, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups cranberries, 12 cup whipping cream, beaten to soft peaks, Unsalted butter, at room temperature, granulated and sugar, for the baking dish], title: Pear Cobbler with Cranberry Streusel, picturelink: hxJOlz1kbyuNl8buWeqh7lUOWLPL5Zy}, 45510: {instructions: Muddle the blackberries, lime juice, and basil with a wooden spoon into the bottom of a small glass pitcher.nDivide the berry mixture among 4 glasses and top each glass with 1 tablespoon each agave nectar.nTop off each glass with ice, and soda water. Stir with a cocktail spoon and enjoy., ingredients: [1 5ounce container blackberries, Juice of 1 medium lime, 8 fresh basil leaves, torn, 14 cup agave nectar, Soda water, chilled], title: Blackberry Basil Crush, picturelink: UKfNr.J1g0cO.sJt.Q5gXPCpLwoZuEi}, 45511: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the eggplant and cook, stirring, until eggplant has softened but not completely lost its shape, about 5 minutes. Remove the eggplant from skillet. Heat another tablespoon of oil in the same skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and zucchini to the pan and cook, stirring occasionally, until the zucchini is soft, about 6 to 7 minutes. Return eggplant to pan and add tomatoes, herbs de Provence, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Simmer approximately 10 minutes. Season with additional salt, to taste. Stir in basil and remove from heat.nTo cook fish, preheat broiler. Sprinkle fillets with 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Combine the remaining tablespoon olive oil with the lemon juice and brush on fillets. Broil until fish is cooked and firm, about 7 minutes.nMound 1 cup ratatouille on 4 plates top each mound with 1 fish fillet and drizzle with 12 teaspoon herb infused oil, if using. Garnish with additional basil., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 large eggplant about 1 pound, trimmed and cut into small dice about 3 cups, 1 medium onion, cut into small dice about 1 12 cups, 2 cloves minced garlic about 2 teaspoons, 2 medium zucchini 1 pound total, trimmed, cut into small dice about 2 12 cups, 1 14.5ounce can nosaltadded diced tomatoes, 1 teaspoon herbs de Provence or 12 teaspoon dried thyme and 14 teaspoon each dried rosemary and dried marjoram, 34 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish, 4 5ounce fillets red snapper, skin on, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons rosemary or other herb infused olive oil, optional], title: Ratatouille with Red Snapper, picturelink: s5P66j66z9GCh2znXMWhzHoVZsx3A.}, 45512: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the whole carrots cut them in half if they dont fit in the pot and cook until just cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and cut carrots into 12inch thick slices.nWhisk together the lemon juice, garlic, cumin, cayenne, and salt in a large bowl. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil until emulsified and stir in the parsley. Add the cooked carrots and toss to combine. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [6 large carrots, peeled, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for water, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Carrot Salad, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 45513: {instructions: In a hot saute pan, add a little oil and caramelize the seasoned scallops. Use 3 scallops per package. Plate on top of opened package and garnish with cilantro leaves and flash with garlic oil.nIn a saucepan, heat oil. Add garlic and cook until garlic is light brown. Immediately spoon on top of scallops.nUsing the bowl of a rice cooker, wash rice until clear and fill water to mount Fuji about 1 inch over the rice level. Add dried scallops and cook rice as normal about 1 hour. When rice is done, put into a large stainless steel bowl to cool. Pull out the scallops and shred them by hand. Add the scallops back to the cooled rice with the lapchang, scallions, oyster sauce and cilantro. Check for seasoning. Place a serving of rice on top of each leaf and fold into a square package. Place in steasmer, ensuring that the folded side of the package is underneath. Steam the packages hot. Using a sharp knife, slice the top of the package., ingredients: [Canola oil to cook, 12 large scallops U8, Salt and black pepper to taste, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 16 cloves of garlic, thinly sliced, 12 cup peanut oil Lion and Globe brand, 3 cups sushi rice, Water to cover rice, 14 cup dried scallops, 2 diced lapchang, Chinese sausage, 12 cup sliced scallions, 13 cup oyster sauce, 14 cup chopped cilantro, Salt and white pepper to taste, 4 lotus or banana leaves], title: Seared Scallops with Hot Garlic Oil and Chinese Sausage Sticky Rice Package, picturelink: null}, 45514: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onion and sweat for 3 minutes to soften. Stir in the garlic and let cook for another 2 minutes. Add all the remaining jam ingredients, except the parsley. Stir in 14 cup of water along with the onions and bring to a simmer. Turn the heat to low and let simmer for 25 to 30 minutes until most of the liquid has reduced and the tomatoes are soft. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley.nPound out each piece of chicken until its about 14inch thick. Slice each breast into 6 pieces. Season generously with salt and pepper, to tastenHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, fry the pancetta until brown and crispy. Remove to a plate lined with a paper towel.nIn the same pan that the pancetta was cooked in, fry the chicken breast pieces over mediumhigh heat, in batches, for 2 minutes. Flip and cook for 2 more minutes. Top each piece of chicken with a slice of mozzarella cheese, cover with a lid and cook until the cheese is melted.nTo assemble, put the chicken breast pieces onto the bottom half of each roll. Top with a slice of pancetta, then about 1 tablespoon of the tomato jam and a basil leaf. Cover with the top half of the roll and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, about 2 large breasts, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 slices pancetta, 1 8ounce piece fresh mozzarella, sliced into 12 slices, 12 small crusty dinner rolls, cut in half with a fork, Tomato jam, 12 fresh basil leaves], title: Italian Chicken Sliders with Tomato Jam, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 45515: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRinse the quinoa in a strainer several times with cold water. Bring 1 14 cups water to boil in a medium saucepot with a tightly fitted lid. Add the quinoa, cover and simmer until the grains display a threadlike spiral and the water is fully absorbed, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, undisturbed, for 5 minutes. Fluff with two forks and transfer to a large glass mixing bowl to cool. Set aside.nCombine the lime juice, agave nectar, jalapeno, garlic and cumin in a glass mixing bowl, whisking briskly. Drizzle in the oil slowly, continuing to whisk. Once the vinaigrette is smooth and slightly thickened, whisk in the 12 cup cilantro and the lime zest. Season with salt.nPlace the oranges, jicama, onions, almonds and remaining 2 tablespoons cilantro in a medium mixing bowl. Pour in about half of the cilantro lime vinaigrette and gently toss. Fold into the quinoa. Drizzle in the remaining vinaigrette, and toss to combine thoroughly. Season with salt.nTransfer the quinoa salad to a large serving bowl, garnish with almonds and serve immediately., ingredients: [34 cup red quinoa, Juice of 3 limes about 13 cup, 2 teaspoons agave nectar, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 23 cup canola oil, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 12 teaspoon lime zest, Kosher salt, 23 cup Cara Cara or navel orange segments, pith removed see Cooks Note, 12 cup 14inchdiced peeled and trimmed jicama, 14 cup 14inchdiced red onion, 12 cup toasted, sliced almonds, plus extra for garnish], title: Red Quinoa and Citrus Salad, picturelink: 1kc75QSz0Sor9RG8B1m9F9QVbc3Orvq}, 45516: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCrust:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn the bowl of a food processor, add the flours, sugar and salt and pulse to combine. Drop in the cold butter and pulse until a coarse crumb texture forms. Add the vanilla and honey. Continue pulsing until the dough just comes together.nPress the dough into a 4 by 14inch fluted tart pan or a 9inch pie plate. Cover the crust with parchment paper or aluminum foil and weigh it down with either rice or pastry weights. Bake until lightly browned, about 15 minutes. If the crust is still pale in color, remove the parchment paper and pie weights and bake until lightly browned, about 5 minutes more. Let the pastry cool completely.nFilling:nMelt the marshmallows in a heavybottomed saucepan over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally. Remove the pan from the heat when the marshmallows are thoroughly melted and smooth.nIn a standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form. With the mixer running, pour in the melted marshmallows and whip until the ingredients are completely combined, smooth and slightly cooled. Spread the filling into the cooled crust. Refrigerate until the filling is completely set, about 30 minutes.nGlaze:nHeat the cream in a small pot over medium heat until hot. In a medium bowl, combine the chocolate with the butter. Pour in the hot cream and mix to melt the chocolate and incorporate the ingredients completely. Pour the glaze over the top of the marshmallow filling and spread it in an even layer so the filling is entirely covered. Return it to the refrigerator until the glaze sets up. Slice and serve., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1 pinch kosher salt, 6 tablespoons cold butter, cubed, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons honey, Cold water, as needed, 1 8ounce package marshmallows, 2 egg whites, 13 cup heavy cream, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon butter, softened], title: Scooter Bars, picturelink: CiZryMO1oP2ddiU.nbyX2JgDDSxXK}, 45517: {instructions: In a bowl, mix together all ingredients, making sure to break up the tomatoes to your desired consistency. Chill for at least 30 minutes and then serve with your favorite chips.nBlend all ingredients, to taste, together in a small bowl. Use to season your salsa., ingredients: [3 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, 1 3 12ounce can green chiles, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 yellow onion, diced, 2 teaspoons Susie Qs Santa Maria Seasoning, recipe follows, 2 to 3 drops hot sauce recommended: Tabasco sauce, Salt, Black pepper, Garlic powder, Parsley, minced, Sugar], title: Far Western Salsa, picturelink: null}, 45518: {instructions: Special equipment: a candy thermometer and 12 lollipop sticksnLine a baking sheet with parchment paper.nToss together the popcorn and apples in a large mixing bowl.nCombine the granulated sugar, brown sugar, corn syrup and 13 cup water in a medium saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil when it reaches 240 degrees F, remove the pot from the heat and swirl in the butter. Return the mixture to the heat and when it reaches 300 degrees F, remove from the heat completely. Carefully add the baking soda and salt. The caramel will bubble and spurt, so stir with caution.nPour the caramel over the popcorn mixture and use a rubber spatula to gently fold it together. The caramel will still be hot, so be careful. Once the popcorn mixture is completely coated and cool enough to work with, lightly coat your hands with butter. Use your greased hands to form popcorn balls about the size of a tennis ball. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and insert a lollipop stick in the center of each ball. Place the baking sheet in the refrigerator until the caramel is completely set, about 1 hour., ingredients: [1 bag microwave popcorn, popped according to package directions, 2 red apples, cored and diced, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more, for greasing, 2 teaspoons baking soda, Pinch of kosher salt], title: Mini CaramelApple Popcorn Balls, picturelink: r1p1CDJjjkXoUOy4wAv9o8HEXxrOXqi}, 45519: {instructions: Make the yellow pancakes: Combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the egg, milk, honey, and melted butter, then add to the dry ingredients and mix well. Heat a griddle or castiron frying pan over high heat, heat a little oil, and drop the batter by spoonfuls to make four 5inch pancakes. Cook pancakes until brown on both sides and set aside, stack and cover with foil.nMake the BBQ Duck: Melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until soft. Add the tomatoes and simmer for 15 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer for 20 minutes. Puree the mixture in a food processor, pour into a bowl and set aside. Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Brush the duck legs with the BBQ sauce and place them in a baking pan and pour stock around them. Cover the pan, place in the oven, and cook for 3 hours or until the duck is done. Shred the duck meat and discard the bones. Cook the shredded meat and cilantro with a 14 cup of the BBQ braising liquid in a saute pan over medium heat until heated through. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nMake the habanero sauce: Place all ingredients in a small saucepan., place over medium heat, and reduce to 1 cup. Strain and season with salt and pepper to taste.nAssemble pancake: Mound a fourth of the duck mixture in the center of each pancake. Fold the pancake over the filling to make a semicircle and drizzle with the habanero sauce., ingredients: [12 cup yellow cornmeal or blue cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch of salt, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 12 cups milk, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 7 plum tomatoes, coarsely diced, 14 cup tomato ketchup, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon pasilla chile powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 3 duck legs, skin removed, 3 cups duck or chicken stock, 2 tablespoons cilantro, coarsely chopped, Salt and freshlyground pepper, 3 cups duck or chicken stock, 14 cup apple juice, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 star anise, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 habanero pepper, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, toasted, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: BBQ DuckFilled Yellow Corn Pancakes with Habanero Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45520: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the leeks, carrots, celery and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until the leeks wilt, about 5 minutes. Add 2 cups water, the chicken broth, parmesan rind, lemon zest and pork bone. Bring to a simmer and cook until the vegetables are almost tender, about 15 minutes.nRemove the parmesan rind, lemon zest and pork bone from the pot with a slotted spoon. Bring the broth to a boil over medium heat. Add the tortellini, escarole and diced pork season with pepper. Cook until the tortellini and escarole are tender, 4 to 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 leeks white and light green parts only, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced and rinsed, 2 carrots, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 2 small celery stalks, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 small piece parmesan rind, 2 wide strips lemon zest removed with a vegetable peeler, 1 12ounce bonein smoked pork chop, diced bone reserved, 1 9ounce package refrigerated cheese or meat tortellini, 1 small head escarole, chopped, Freshly ground pepper], title: Tortellini in Brodo, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 45521: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: bamboo skewers, soaked in waternPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nSkewer the orange slices and the cherries, and brush on both sides with vegetable oil. Grill until charred on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes total. Remove from the grill and let cool slightly.nAdd the grilled fruit to a pitcher, reserving a couple orange rinds. Muddle the fruit with the turbinado sugar. Add the bitters and then pour in the bottle of bourbon. Stir to combine. Taste and add more bitters as desired.nTo serve, rub the rim of a rocks glass with the reserved grilled orange rind. Add ice and then fill by twothirds with the bourbon mixture. Top off with club soda and stir to combine., ingredients: [4 orange slices, cut into halfmoons, 12 pitted cherries, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 5 tablespoons turbinado sugar, 3 dashes bitters, One 750ml bottle bourbon whiskey, 1 liter club soda, cold], title: Grilled New OldFashioneds, picturelink: qofGJrK6N9CdJINAPRldODzHpQb9Rq}, 45522: {instructions: Mince chipotle chile to a paste with 12 teaspoon of adobo sauce. In a bowl stir all ingredients together until combined well. Sauce may be made 1 week ahead and chilled, covered., ingredients: [1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, 12 teaspoon adobo sauce, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup mayonnaise], title: Chipotle Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 45523: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a small pot combine butter, citrus herb seasoning, garlic, lemon juice, and shallot. Heat over a low flame until butter is melted. Set aside.nIn a large bowl combine bread crumbs, Parmesan and melted butter mixture. Mix well to combine.nPlace open clams on a baking sheet. Place a slice of bacon on top of each clam. Top with 1 tablespoon of the bread crumb mixture. Bake for 7 minutes.nTo serve, place about 2 to 3 cups of course sea or kosher salt onto a large platter. Arrange the clams on the salt, lightly pressing them so that they are nestled in., ingredients: [1 sticks unsalted butter,, 1 tablespoon citrus herb seasoning, 1 tablespoon garlic, crushed, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 small shallot, minced, 8 slices precooked bacon, cut in 2inch long pieces, 1 cup dried Italian seasoned bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 24 large clams, opened, 2 to 3 cups sea or kosher salt, for serving], title: Clams Casino, picturelink: YGjYZsLUqV5R07jAQlQwWkYm3GugbL6}, 45524: {instructions: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and heat to the verge of smoking. Add the ground meat and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and continue to stir and cook until the meat is medium well, about 5 minutes. Next, deglaze the pan with the wine, stirring and scraping. Then add the onions and continue to cook until well cooked off, an additional 5 minutes.nTo the same pan, add the red sauce, thyme, garlic and salt and pepper to taste. Continue to cook over medium heat until the sauce comes to a boil reduce the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes.nAdd the cream and cook on low heat for 10 minutes. Add the cooked gnocchi and stir with a spoon to allow the sauce to coat the gnocchi. This should take 2 minutes.nTo serve, spoon the sauced gnocchi into a bowl, top with the ricotta and finish with Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound ground meat of choice beef, veal or pork, 12 cup red wine, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 8 cups 2 quarts prepared red sauce, such as marinara, 3 tablespoons minced fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced or minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups heavy cream, 4 cups cooked gnocchi, 12 cup ricotta, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Gnocchi Bolognese with Ricotta, picturelink: null}, 45525: {instructions: Combine the green onions, habanero, ginger, orange zest and juice, canola oil and some salt and pepper in a food processor. Process until almost smooth, then pour the marinade into a gallonsize resealable plastic bag. Add the tenderloin to the bag, seal and refrigerate for at least 4 and up to 24 hours. Remove from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling.nHeat the grill to high. Remove the tenderloin from the marinade, shake off excess and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until slightly charred on the first side, about 2 minutes. Turn and char on the reverse side, another 2 minutes.nCover the grill and cook, turning once or twice, until the marinade has formed a crust and the tenderloin has reached an internal temperature of 125 to 130 degrees F mediumrare, about 10 minutes. Remove the tenderloin from the grill and let rest 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [8 green onions, dark green parts only, coarsely chopped, 1 habanero or Scotch bonnet chile, coarsely chopped, One 4inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, coarsely chopped, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 12 cup canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds centercut beef tenderloin, trimmed of extra fat], title: JerkRubbed Beef Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 45526: {instructions: Combine the wine, sugar and bouquet garni in a saucepan large enough to contain the oranges and figs in a single layer. Bring to a simmer, covered, over moderate heat. Add the figs and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the oranges and turn them for 3 to 4 minutes, turning them so they cook evenly. Turn the heat off and let the oranges and figs cool in the syrup.nRemove them to a serving bowl. Reduce the syrup by half and let cool. Discard bouquet garni and spoon syrup over figs and oranges. Garnish with walnuts or pistachios if you wish., ingredients: [2 cups red wine, 1 cup sugar, Tied in cheesecloth: 1 inch piece of cinnamon stick 4 star anise, 4 cardamom pods and 2 whole cloves, 6 large navel oranges, peeled, pith removed and cut in half lengthwise, 12 dried figs, halved, 13 cup walnuts or pistachios, chopped], title: Oranges and Figs in Spiced Red Wine, picturelink: null}, 45527: {instructions: Duck Quesadillas:nFinely chop the orange peels and cilantro leaves. In a medium bowl add the olive oil, orange juice, habanero pepper and salt and pepper. Mix well. Rub the duck breast with the mixture and marinate for 4 hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the duck from refrigerator. Drain excess marinade. In a large ovenproof skillet over high heat, sear the duck breasts on both sides until brown. Transfer to the oven and roast until done. Let cool. Remove the skin and dice the meat.nMango Salsa:nCombine the mango, pepper, lime, and cilantro and refrigerate.nGently warm the tortillas. Spread diced duck breast evenly on each half of each tortilla. Top each with cheese. Fold tortilla. Lightly oil a grill pan and grill until light brown on both sides and cheese is melted. Slice each tortilla into 5 wedges and garnish with mango salsa and sour cream., ingredients: [12 strips orange peel, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves picked, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 1 habanero pepper, cored, seeded, and minced, 4 tablespoons kosher salt, 4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 4 4ounce duck breasts, 12 10inch flour tortillas, 4 cups shredded jalapeno Jack cheese, 4 medium mangos, peeled, seeded, and diced, 2 small red peppers, diced, 4 limes, juiced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 1 12 cups sour cream, for garnish], title: HabaneroOrange Marinated Duck Quesadillas with Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 45528: {instructions: For the filling: Butter the sides and bottom of the insert of a 6quart slow cooker. Whisk together the cornstarch, orange juice and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Add the mixture to the insert, add the peaches and granulated sugar and toss.nFor the biscuit topping: Whisk together the flour, 2 tablespoons of the granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter and rub the mixture together with your fingertips so that it forms a coarse meal with some peasized lumps. Add the milk and almond extract if using and stir with a wooden spoon to form a wet dough.nDrop spoonfuls of the dough on top of the peach mixture. Combine the remaining 1 tablespoon granulated sugar with the cinnamon and ginger and sprinkle over the dough. Cover the slow cooker and set to high for 3 to 4 hours. The cobbler should be bubbly and the biscuits should be cooked through. Let rest for 20 minutes before serving.nFor the sour cream topping: Meanwhile, combine the heavy cream, sour cream and confectioners sugar in a medium bowl and beat with an electric mixture until the mixture forms medium peaks.nSpoon the cobbler into bowls and top with the whipped sour cream topping., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for greasing insert, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons orange juice, Two 12ounce bags frozen peaches about 8 cups, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch fine salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 34 cup milk, 14 to 12 teaspoon almond extract, optional, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar], title: Slow Cooker Peach Cobbler, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 45529: {instructions: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nSpread the nuts out on a baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted, about 8 minutes. Cool completely.nButter a 9 by 12 12inch baking sheet pan, then cover bottom with parchment paper.nPulse the walnuts with the sugar, in a food processor until fine and powdery, about 2 minutes. Add the flour, spices, and salt, pulsing until evenly combined. Add the butter, yolks, and brandy and pulse until the mixture starts to come together. Stop mixing and pull the dough together by hand, press and roll into a thick log about 8 inches long.nCut the log crosswise into 12 equal pieces. If the dough is very sticky, refrigerate it until easier to work with, about 30 minutes. Lay 8 pieces of the dough on the bottom of the pan. Press and spread the pieces together with your fingertips to cover the pan evenly.nStir the cherry jam, lemon zest and juice together in a bowl. Spread the mixture evenly over the surface of the dough with the back of a spoon.nRoll the remaining dough out on a wellfloured surface about 18inch thick. Use a small decorative cutter, such as a leaf, tree, or star, to cut the dough into 24 pieces. Evenly place the pieces on top of the filling in 6 rows of 4. Alternatively cut the dough into long strips with a pizza wheel or knife, and place them on the filling in a lattice pattern or cut the dough into ovals and lay them on the filling in a decorative pattern. Brush decorative layer of dough with egg white.nBake the squares until golden brown, about 40 to 45 minutes.nCool completely in the pan on a rack. Cut with a serrated knife into 2inch squares.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [1 cup walnut pieces, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 18 teaspoon ground clove, Pinch fine salt, 1 12 sticks butter, diced and slightly chilled, 5 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons brandy, 1 cup cherry jam, 12 lemon, zest finely grated, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 egg white, for brushing], title: Czech Squares, picturelink: ceSsf1TPLIFOloNVAN8TplbBb8jfY5S}, 45530: {instructions: Special equipment: a deep fryer or large heavy potnFor the wings: In a bowl, combine the chili powder, granulated garlic, paprika, pepper and salt. Pat the wings dry with paper towels. Add the wings to the bowl with the spice mixture and toss to coat. Let sit for a few minutes.nFor the glaze: Heat the olive oil over medium heat in a saucepan. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for 1 minute. Add the soy sauce, brown sugar, crushed red pepper flakes and 14 cup water and stir until the sugar is dissolved. In a small bowl, mix together the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons water until smooth. Stir the cornstarch mixture into the sauce and simmer until thickened. Turn off the heat.nPreheat a deep fryer filled with peanut oil to 350 degrees F, or fill a large heavy pot with 3 to 4 inches of peanut oil and heat to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the cornstarch and flour and stir. Add the seasoned wings and toss to lightly coat. Shake off any excess and fry the wings in batches until golden brown and cooked through, about 6 minutes. Drain the wings on paper towels to soak up any extra oil.nPut the wings in a large bowl, pour the glaze over the top and toss to coat. Transfer the wings to a serving plate and sprinkle with the black and white sesame seeds and scallions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds chicken wing drumettes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, Peanut oil, for frying, 1 cup cornstarch, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Black sesame seeds, for serving, White sesame seeds, for serving, Thinly sliced scallions, for serving], title: Messy Wild Wacky Chicken Wings, picturelink: aBuvPT73pWJN9CX3z8XKuw9.es9x0E.}, 45531: {instructions: Put the oil, onion, carrot, celery, garlic, pancetta, bay leaves, rosemary and thyme in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally and scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, until the pancetta is rendered and cooked, and the vegetables are completely tender and golden, 16 to 18 minutes. If the vegetables are browning too quickly, lower the heat.nAdd the ground beef, ground pork and the garam masala and continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the meat is completely broken up and cooked through, and most of the liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon salt and some freshly ground black pepper.nAdd the wine and cook, stirring occasionally, until almost evaporated, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the chicken broth, cream, and the cheese rind if using and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally until the mixture thickens and the flavors come together, about 45 minutes. Discard the bay leaves and cheese rind, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve the Bolognese Bianco tossed with the pasta and more grated Parmigiano., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium red onion, finely diced about a cup, 1 medium carrot, finely diced about a heaping 12 cup, 2 stalks celery, finely diced about 12 cup, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 ounces pancetta, finely diced, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 pound ground beef 8515, 1 pound ground pork, 12 teaspoon garam masala see Cooks Note, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 piece ParmigianoReggiano cheese rind optional, 1 pound ziti rigate, rigatoni or penne, cooked in generously salted water, Grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, for serving], title: Bolognese Bianco, picturelink: TZUiV.Aheo55siIDbo1zGMBbv707KK}, 45532: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together in a large bowl. Gently fold in the Spicy Mayonnaise Dressing.nIn a food processor, combine all ingredients slowly add blended oil while on high until becomes a mayonnaise., ingredients: [1 Yukon gold potato, peeled, small dice and boiled in salted water until tender, 2 Peruvian potatoes, peeled, small dice and boiled in salted water until tender, 1 sweet potato, peeled, small dice and boiled in salted water until tender, 1 large beet, roasted on salt, peeled, small dice, 1 carrot, peeled, small dice blanched, 1 cup peas, blanched if fresh, if not, canned is fine, Spicy Mayonnaise Dressing, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, homemade is preferable, 3 egg yolks, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 clove garlic, 1 shot hot pepper sauce, 1 shot Worcestershire, 1 12 cups vegetable oil], title: Ensalada Rusa, picturelink: null}, 45533: {instructions: Combine 4 thinly sliced celery stalks and 1 cup each bocconcini small mozzarella balls and halved cherry tomatoes in a bowl. Toss with 2 tablespoons each lemon juice and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Winter Caprese Salad, picturelink: D383zUzJRuXR5QImVIwmnHb5xHeCSMS}, 45534: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMix all ingredients except the cilantro leaves and pomegranate seeds and place in a roasting dish in the oven. Stir after 15 minutes and cook for another 20 minutes. Do watch them because they can burn easily and may need an occasional stirring.nOnce cooked, remove the dish from the oven and when the vegetables are cooled, mix in the cilantro leaves.nExtract the seeds from the pomegranate and sprinkle over the salad., ingredients: [2 medium sized carrots, peeled and finely sliced, 1 parsnip, peeled and finely sliced, 2 medium red onions, peeled and finely sliced, Zest of 12 orange, Juice 1 orange, 12 cup toasted macadamia nuts, crushed, 2 tablespoons ginger, grated and peeled, 1 34 ounces extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, Seeds 1 very ripe and red pomegranate], title: Roasted Parsnip, Carrot and Ginger Salad with Pomegranate, picturelink: null}, 45535: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chorizo in a large heavy pot with a lid over high heat. Cook until the fat is rendered and the meat has browned, about 10 minutes. Remove the meat with a slotted spoon to a plate and reserve. Add the onions to the pot with a pinch of salt and pepper and cook until softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the chorizo back to the pan and drop in the mussels. Pour in the wine, cover, and bring to a boil. Cook until mussels have opened, about 4 to 5 minutes.nRemove the lid and discard any mussels that have not opened. Stir very well until the mussels are coated in the wine and onions. Transfer to a serving dish, garnish with the parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fresh chorizo, casings removed, crumbled, 1 very large Spanish onion, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 pounds black mussels, cleaned and bearded, 1 bottle Rioja or other dry red wine, 12 cup coarsely chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Rioja Steamed Mussels with Chorizo, picturelink: cavpmAlrA8uTGoQmBNdypOS3c.vSkG}, 45536: {instructions: Pulse the cranberries in a food processor until fine and no large pieces remain. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and stir in the sugar. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight.nDrain any accumulated juices from the cranberries and reserve for another use, and then stir in the marshmallows and drained pineapple and set aside.nWhip the heavy cream in a large mixing bowl until it begins to thicken, about 1 minute, and then beat in the powdered sugar and vanilla until soft peaks form, 3 to 5 minutes. Fold the whipped cream into the cranberry mixture, one third at a time, until fully incorporated. Transfer to an 8by8inch baking dish.nRefrigerate or freeze for about 2 hours. Right before serving, garnish with the pomegranate seeds., ingredients: [One 10ounce bag fresh whole cranberries about 3 cups, 34 cup sugar, 2 cups miniature marshmallows, One 20ounce can crushed pineapple, drained, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup pomegranate seeds], title: Cranberry Salad, picturelink: null}, 45537: {instructions: Special equipment: an electric mixer or heavyduty mixer fitted with a wire whisk attachmentnCombine all ingredients in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Start on slow speed and whisk the mixture and as the mixture begins to come together increase the speed. Mix for 6 to 8 minutes or until fluffy and shiny it may be necessary to scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula after the first 3 minutes so that all the ingredients can be fully incorporated. Keep covered with a damp towel until ready to use see Cooks Note.nUse to decorate gingerbread houses and cookies., ingredients: [12 cup plus 1 tablespoon meringue powder, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons warm water, 12 cups icing confectionerssugar, 34 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: Royal Icing, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 45538: {instructions: Put the chickpeas, lemon juice, tahini, cumin and garlic into a food processor and pulse until smooth. With the motor running, slowly pour in the oil in a steady stream. Add the salt and puree until very smooth. If the mixture is too thick, add some of the reserved chickpea liquid, 2 tablespoons at a time, until the desired consistency is reached.nTo serve, transfer the hummus to a serving bowl and drizzle some olive oil over the top. Garnish with a sprinkling of smoked paprika if using, and serve with vegetables and pita chips for dipping.nStore leftover hummus in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 5 days., ingredients: [Two 15ounce cans chickpeas, drained, liquid reserved, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup tahini, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 cloves garlic, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Smoked paprika, for serving, optional, Vegetable crudite and pita chips, for serving], title: Classic Hummus, picturelink: dKIFn8jg6ylBQ9zUB9.b4iaLjbyrajm}, 45539: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nButter a small approximately 8by10inch baking dish. Spread a thin film of the Besciamella Sauce on the bottom of the pan. Cover with a fresh pasta sheet, about 1 cup of the Ragu and about 12 cup more of the Besciamella. Lightly cover the surface with some of the grated cheese. Repeat this layering process until all of the pasta is used. Bake the lasagna uncovered, rotating once halfway through, 40 to 45 minutes. Allow to cool 1 hour, cut and serve.nWarm the milk and bay leaf over mediumhigh heat until just below a boil. Melt the butter over medium heat in another saucepot. When the butter is fully melted and begins to bubble rapidly, add the flour and whisk until fully incorporated. Continue to cook over medium heat until a smooth, blondcolored paste is formed, 4 to 5 minutes. Add about half of the scalded milk to the butter and flour paste, whisking constantly. Once it is fully incorporated, add the thickened milk mixture back into the remainder of the scalding milk, whisking continuously to avoid lumps. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the sauce comes to gentle boil and is fully thickened. Season with the salt and nutmeg, whisk to combine and strain through a fine mesh strainer. Cover the surface of the besciamella with plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming and allow to cool to room temperature.nPlace the garlic, celery, onions and carrots in a food processor and process until very finely chopped. Add the oil and butter to a heavybottomed pot over medium heat. When the butter is melted, add the mortadella and pancetta and cook until the fat renders and the meats begin to brown slightly. Add the finely chopped vegetables, sprinkle with half of the salt, pepper and nutmeg and cook until softened and most of the liquid has evaporated.nAdd the ground beef and pork, breaking apart as much as possible. Sprinkle with the remaining salt, pepper and nutmeg and cook, stirring frequently, until the meat looks fully cooked and begins to brown lightly on the bottom, about 30 minutes. Deglaze with the white wine and allow the liquid to reduce by half. Add the broth, cream and tomato puree. Bring to a simmer and reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Let the ragu cook 3 to 4 hours, stirring occasionally. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if necessary. Allow to cool, ideally overnight, to allow the flavors to develop., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing, Besciamella Sauce, recipe follows, Five 8by10inch sheets fresh egg pasta, or cut to the size of the small baking dish you are using, Ragu Bolognese, recipe follows, 1 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano, 4 cups whole milk, 1 bay leaf, preferably fresh, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 4 cloves garlic, 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 2 medium yellow onions, roughly chopped, 1 medium carrot, roughly chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 ounces mortadella, ground or finely chopped, 4 ounces pancetta, ground or finely chopped, 2 tablespoons kosher or sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 14 pounds ground beef, at room temperature, 1 14 pounds ground pork, at room temperature, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups meat broth, preferably homemade, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups concentrated tomato puree], title: Lasagna Bolognese, picturelink: xO95MIxiUmG0dg6pOYesvVfbOk3EVeG}, 45540: {instructions: Peel and pit the avocados. Place all ingredients into the bowl of a food processor and process until well combined. Place mixture onto a sheet of parchment paper and shape into a log. Place in the refrigerator for 3 to 4 hours. Slice and serve with grilled fish or chicken., ingredients: [6 ounces ripe avocado meat, approximately 2 small avocados, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Avocado Compound Butter, picturelink: null}, 45541: {instructions: In a small glass bowl, combine the salt, pepper, and vinegar and stir until the salt is dissolved. Whisking constantly, drizzle in the olive oil and continue whisking until the dressing is emulsified. Still whisking, add the basil, cilantro, and garlic. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to sit at room temperature for 1 hour so that the flavors can marry.nIn a large serving bowl, combine the watercress, tomatoes, and onion rings and toss gently to mix. Drizzle on the dressing and toss again just until the ingredients are evenly coated., ingredients: [12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 sprigs fresh basil, leaves only, finely chopped, 2 sprigs fresh cilantro, leaves only, finely chopped, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 3 bunches watercress, thoroughly washed and dried, tough stems removed, 2 large ripe tomatoes, cut into 34inch cubes, 1 small white onion, thinly sliced and separated into rings], title: Salada de Agrigao Watercress Salad, picturelink: null}, 45542: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, Dijon and olive oil until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the salad: In a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, cook the bacon until crisp. Using a slotted spoon, remove the crisped bacon onto a papertowellined plate. Set aside to drain.nPlace the Brussels sprouts, kale, endive, bacon and almonds in a salad bowl. Add the dressing and toss together. Sprinkle with the cheese and serve., ingredients: [14 cup fresh lemon juice about 1 large lemon, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces doublesmoked bacon, cut into 13inch pieces, 1 pound Brussels sprouts, trimmed and finely shredded, 1 bunch Tuscan kale, stems removed and discarded, leaves thinly sliced, 1 head Belgian endive, shredded, 13 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 13 cup crumbled gorgonzola], title: Kale and Gorgonzola Salad, picturelink: pPSnReNqMulC9lZxwXpaXI8zaXNbYVi}, 45543: {instructions: Combine garlic cloves, fresh rosemary, orange slices, red chili flakes, paprika, and extra virgin olive oil in a saucepan and set over low heat. Slowly warm up to infuse the oil and soften the garlic  do not let it fry. Once hot, about 5 minutes, pour in olives and steep until cool. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [4 garlic cloves, 1 large sprig rosemary, 4 to 5 slices whole orange, peel on, 1 teaspoon dried red chili flakes, 1 tablespoon Spanish smoked sweet paprika, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 quart large green Spanish olives, unpitted], title: Marinated Olives with Rosemary, Red Chili, Orange and Paprika, picturelink: y7DX2N2X6MdkcsIXkM3FNwUnCNC3bj6}, 45544: {instructions: For the OrangeChipotle Vinaigrette:nPlace the orange juice in a medium nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until thick and reduced to 34 cup. Transfer to a bowl and let cool slightly.nPlace the reduced orange juice, onion, garlic, vinegar, chipotle puree, honey, salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified.nFor the Crispy Squid and Conch Salad:nFill a large saucepan halfway with the oil and heat until it reaches 350 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Line a large plate or baking sheet with paper towels, set aside.nWhisk together the flour and 1 12 cups of the water in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. The mixture should resemble crepe batter, if it is too thick add more water a few tablespoons at a time, then season with salt and pepper.nSeason squid and conch with salt and pepper and working in batches, dip 13 of the squid in the rice flour batter and allow the excess to drip off then dredge in the cornmeal. Fry until lightly golden brown and crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on the paper towellined plate. Season immediately with salt. Repeat with the conch, dipping into the batter then frying in batches.nPlace the greens in a bowl and drizzle with about 14 cup of the orangechipotle vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper. Mound the greens on a platter and place some of the sliced cherry peppers on top. Place the squid and conch around the perimeter of the platter, drizzle all with more of the vinaigrette and garnish with parsley leaves., ingredients: [4 cups fresh orange juice, 12 small red onion, 1 clove garlic, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons pureed chipotle in adobo, 2 teaspoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup canola oil, Peanut oil, 1 12 cups rice flour, 1 12 to 1 34 cups cold water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound squid rings and tentacles, 1 pound conch meat, cut into 1inch pieces, Cornmeal, for dredging, 12 pound micro greens, 14 pound watercress, 1 head frisee, 4 whole cherry peppers, jarred in vinegar, thinly sliced, Parsley leaves], title: Crispy Squid and Cracked Conch Salad with OrangeChipotle Vinaigrette, picturelink: x1jmhhUWqW05vVrDeWIhbXKkEkdjy6}, 45545: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nSpray a sheet pan with nonstick spray and line with parchment paper. Spray the parchment paper with nonstick spray as well and set aside.nCombine the popcorn and peanuts in a large mixing bowl. Set aside until ready to use.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the brown sugar, corn syrup and vanilla and stir until combined. Heat the mixture until it reaches 250 degrees F, approximately 10 minutes.nPour the syrup over the popcorn and stir to combine. You will need to work quickly because the syrup hardens rapidly. Spread the mixture onto the prepared sheet pan and bake in the oven for 1 hour. Cool completely.nBreak into pieces and serve immediately or store in an airtight container for 2 to 3 days., ingredients: [3 ounces popped popcorn, approximately 3 quarts, 1 cup salted peanuts, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 16 ounces dark brown sugar, approximately 2 cups, 14 cup dark corn syrup, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Slacker Jacks, picturelink: I4L0PsDoZJSPfsVxOdw0DKOGUOOfdO}, 45546: {instructions: Cooks Note: The halibut can be substituted with 24 ounces of sole fillets. Reduce the cooking time in the wine mixture to 3 to 4 minutes.nSpray a 7 by 11inch glass baking dish with cooking spray. Set aside.nFor the bechamel sauce: In a 2quart saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth, about 2 minutes. Gradually add the warm milk, whisking constantly to prevent lumps. Simmer over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the sauce is thick and smooth, about 10 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the cheese, salt, pepper, and nutmeg.nFor the halibut: In a large saucepan, bring the wine and water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and add the halibut. Cover the pan and cook until the flesh is opaque, 8 to 10 minutes. Using a fish spatula, carefully remove the fish and arrange in a single layer in the prepared baking dish. Season with salt and pepper.nPreheat a broiler. Spoon the bechamel sauce over the fish and top with the Parmesan. Dot with butter and broil until golden, 2 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup flour, 2 cups whole milk, warmed, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch ground nutmeg, 1 750 ml bottle white wine, such as pinot grigio, 2 cups water, 4 6ounce centercut halibut fillets, about 1inch thick see Cooks Note, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter, diced into 14inch pieces], title: Broiled Halibut with Bechamel Sauce, picturelink: 3DEaswFws7Afr4kmB2Hma7DhuNJ9XK}, 45547: {instructions: Combine the rice and 3 12 cups water in a rice cooker and cook according to the manufacturers instructions. Or cook the rice on the stovetop according to the package instructions.nIn a large deep pan, bring the oil to mediumhigh heat. Add the chopped vegetables, onions, cashews, raisins and curry powder and saute until the raisins are plump and the curry powder is fully incorporated, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd the cooked rice stir and cook until the rice is evenly distributed among the vegetables and the color is uniform, 8 to 10 minutes. Add salt to taste.nServe with plain yogurt or just a squeeze of lemon juice., ingredients: [2 cups rice see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons light olive oil, 2 cups chopped vegetables such as carrots, broccoli, yellow squash, zucchini, etc., 1 onion, sliced into strips, 14 cup cashews or peanuts, 14 cup raisins, 1 tablespoon curry powder add more if you like, Salt], title: Chef Bijus Simple Biryani, picturelink: null}, 45548: {instructions: Preheat a nonstick skillet over medium heat. In a large skillet, melt 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Add the coleslaw, vinegar, salt, sugar and pepper. Cook until the coleslaw is wilted, stirring frequently, 5 minutes. Spread each slice of the marble rye with Thousand Island dressing. Layer the turkey evenly over half of the bread slices top each with 1 slice Swiss cheese. Spoon the coleslaw mixture evenly over the cheese. Cover with the remaining bread slices, dressingside down. Spread softened butter over the bottom and top slices of each sandwich. Grill the sandwiches until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, optional, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 8 slices marble rye bread, Thousand Island salad dressing, 34 pound thinly sliced deli turkey, 4 slices Swiss cheese, 2 tablespoons plus 13 cup butter, softened, One 10ounce package angel hair coleslaw, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar], title: Grilled Turkey Reuben, picturelink: null}, 45549: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nUsing a spoon or melon baller, scoop seeds from center of each zucchini half, making 4 long, canoelike boats. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine diced meatballs or other cooked ground turkey, sour cream, artichoke hearts, 14 cup of the Parmesan Cheese, oregano, salt, and black pepper. Mix gently to combine. Spoon mixture into zucchini boats. Sprinkle bread crumbs and remaining Parmesan over filling in boats.nBake zucchini boats 10 to 12 minutes, until top is golden brown and filling is heated through. Serve with Orzo Pesto.nIn a large bowl, combine turkey, garlic and herb seasoning, egg white and 12 teaspoon each salt and black pepper. Mix well and shape mixture into about 32 meatballs. Place meatballs in bottom of slow cooker.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together tomato sauce, broth, chili sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, and thyme. Pour mixture over meatballs.nCover and cook on LOW for 6 to 8 hours or on HIGH for 3 to 4 hours. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper.nCook and drain orzo according to package directions. Toss with pesto and serve., ingredients: [2 large zucchini, halved lengthwise, 1 pound Turkey SweetNSour Meatballs, diced, recipe follows, or crumbled cooked ground turkey, 13 cup sour cream, lowfat or regular, 12 cup coarsely chopped artichoke hearts oil or waterpacked, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, divided, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons seasoned dry bread crumbs, Orzo Pesto, recipe follows, 2 pounds ground turkey breast, 2 teaspoons saltfree garlic and herb seasoning or poultry seasoning, 1 egg white, Salt and ground black pepper, Two 15ounce cans tomato sauce, 2 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 cup chili sauce, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 12 ounces orzo pasta, 2 tablespoons prepared basil pesto], title: TurkeyStuffed Zucchini Boats, picturelink: z22uQhMWsKqJcGCeleFtfoXp4.a26Q2}, 45550: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Mix the yeast, a pinch of sugar and 1 cup warm water in a small bowl. Set aside while you measure out the other dry ingredients, or until frothy.nWhisk 3 12 cups flour, the remaining 12 cup sugar and the salt in a large bowl. Pour in the yeast mixture and stir with a wooden spoon. Add 1 egg, the vegetable oil and 1 cup warm water stir until combined. Gradually stir in the remaining 3 12 cups flour until the dough starts to come together. Mix in the chocolate chips.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a large oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, 1 hour to 1 hour, 30 minutes.nDivide the dough into 3 equal portions. On a floured surface, roll each portion into a ball, then roll each ball into a 1 12to2inchwide strand, about 16 inches long. Lay the strands side by side on a sheet of parchment paper and pinch them together at one end.nBraid the 3 strands: Cross the right strand over the middle strand. Then cross the left strand over the middle strand. Repeat, crossing the right strand over the middle strand, then the left over the middle, until all of the dough is braided. Pinch the dough together at the end.nSlide the loaf with the parchment paper onto a baking sheet. Beat the remaining egg with 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl, then brush the egg wash all over the loaf. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 packets active dry yeast 4 12 teaspoons, 12 cup sugar, plus a pinch, 7 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 large eggs, 12 cup vegetable oil, plus more for the bowl, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chip Challah Bread, picturelink: OSF9ayg900LjBbsnXCOKz3zar2fxA.}, 45551: {instructions: In a medium saucepan heat butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides. Add mushrooms and saute, stirring, until the liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated and the mushrooms begin to brown. Add wine and boil 1 minute. Add 4 cups stock and salt and pepper to taste and simmer 2 minutes. Puree soup in batches in blender and pour back into pot. Add 12 cup cream and simmer for another 2 to 3 minutes. Serve soup sprinkled with chives., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 1 12 pounds mushrooms, thinly sliced, 12 cup dry white wine, 4 cups chicken stock, see separate recipe, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Mushroom Soup, picturelink: null}, 45552: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to boil, add potatoes, cook until tender, drain. While still warm, cut the potatoes in 14inch slices and add wine. To make the vinaigrette, whisk together oil and vinegar, add tarragon. Season with salt and pepper. Dress potatoes with vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 pounds red potatoes, peeled, 14 cup white wine, 12 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh tarragon, minced, Salt and pepper], title: French Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 45553: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees Fahrenheit.nBrush a 10inch springform pan with some of the butter. Stir the remaining butter with the crumbs, 14 cup of the sugar and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom and up the sides of the pan, packing it tightly and evenly. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool on a rack, then wrap the outside of the springform pan with foil and place in a roasting pan.nBring a medium pot of water to a boil. Meanwhile, beat the cream cheese with a mixer until smooth. Add the remaining 2 12 cups sugar and beat until just light, scraping down the sides of the bowl and beaters as needed. Beat in the sour cream, then add the pumpkin, eggs, vanilla, 1 teaspoon salt and the spices and beat until just combined. Pour into the cooled crust.nGently place the roasting pan in the oven dont pull the rack out and pour the boiling water into the roasting pan until it comes about halfway up the side of the springform pan. Bake until the outside of the cheesecake sets but the center is still loose, about 1 hour 45 minutes. Turn off the oven and open the door briefly to let out some heat. Leave the cheesecake in the oven for 1 more hour, then carefully remove from the roasting pan and cool on a rack. Run a knife around the edges, cover and refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight.nBring the cheesecake to room temperature 30 minutes before serving. Unlock and remove the springform ring. To finish, place a dollop of the whipped cream on each slice and sprinkle with the toasted pecans.nPhotograph by Ellie Miller, ingredients: [12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 2 34 cups sugar, Salt, 2 pounds cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup sour cream, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 cups sweetened whipped cream, 13 cup toasted pecans, roughly chopped], title: AlmostFamous Pumpkin Cheesecake, picturelink: Tv6HOeMe4Jtr5dYuum4qUXLv8jWaPa}, 45554: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 24 minimuffin cups with paper liners.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda, salt and baking powder in a medium bowl to blend. Whisk together the almond butter, sugar, oil, vanilla and eggs in a large bowl to blend. Add the dry ingredients in 2 batches and stir just until blended.nFill each muffin cup halffull with batter. Spoon 12 teaspoon of the jam on top of each muffin cup, and then spoon the remaining batter on top to cover the jam. Bake until the tops are golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a rack and cool.nSpoon 12 teaspoon more of the jam on top of each muffin in the center., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup crunchy almond butter, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup strawberry jam or jelly], title: Mini Almond Butter and Strawberry Muffins, picturelink: tPxI14m8kjMpUWk5Rp0HZX1dmDcEY.}, 45555: {instructions: Combine the orange juice and lime juice in a sauce pan, and boil until only 12 cup of liquid remains. Place this and the remaining ingredients in a blender, and puree to a smooth paste.nSpread this paste on the food to be marinated. In the refrigerator, marinate seafood for 2 hours, poultry for 4 hours, and meat overnight, turning twice.nMarinated food may be sauteed, broiled or roasted in the oven., ingredients: [1 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 5 canned minced chipotles, 4 cloves minced garlic, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoons wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon ground pepper, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Mexican Smoked Chile Marinade, picturelink: null}, 45556: {instructions: Arrange green olives, chunks of feta, snap peas, cooked cauliflower, cucumber spears and sliced fennel on a platter with tzatziki and green goddess dressing. Serve with cocktail sword picks., ingredients: [], title: Spartan Sword Crudites, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 45557: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the beef and broth in a 6quart Dutch oven, making sure the beef is totally covered by the stock, and cover with foil, leaving a small opening for steam to escape. Poke a small hole in the foil and insert an instantread thermometer into the meat. Cook over low heat until the beef reaches 125 degrees F, 55 to 60 minutes. Transfer the beef to a cutting board and let stand 10 minutes.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the port to a boil and then reduce until about 13 cup. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, slice the beef, top with sauce and garnish with parsley.nWhat Makes This Recipe Really Sing: Because the beef is brought to temperature up so slowly, it is very tender. It would make a killer steak sandwich., ingredients: [1 2pound beef tenderloin, trimmed and tied, 2 quarts beef stock, 1 cup ruby port, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves], title: Beef Tenderloin with Port Sauce, picturelink: Mbv8lHWHzWylrcMWm1uffmU053UGebS}, 45558: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the bacon, onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables are softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the white wine and let it bubble until it is mostly evaporated, about 1 minute.nIn a small bowl, combine the cornstarch with 1 tablespoon of the chicken broth and stir until dissolved. Add the remaining broth to the skillet along with the halfandhalf and the cornstarch mixture. Bring to a gentle boil and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes, until slightly thickened. Add the shrimp and cook until opaque, about 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the grits according to the package directions.nServe the shrimp and sauce over the grits and top with the scallions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 Canadian bacon slices, chopped, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 medium green bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup fatfree halfandhalf or use lowfat, 34 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 34 cup quickcooking grits, Chopped scallions dark green tops only, for serving], title: Charleston Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 45559: {instructions: In a large saucepan of boiling salted water, blanch the spinach for about 1 minute, or until leaves are just wilted. Drain and rinse under cold water until the spinach is thoroughly cooled. Drain well and wrap spinach in clean, dry towel. Squeeze to remove excess moisture. Place spinach in medium bowl, sprinkle on sesame oil, rice wine vinegar, and salt and toss to mix. Set aside until ready to use. Sprinkle with sesame seeds for garnish just before serving.nPlace a portion of the Sesame Spinach in the center of 4 plates. Or, place spinach on 1 large platter for buffet or familystyle serving. Arrange 6 geoduck slices around the spinach. Drizzle some sauce on the geoduck and garnish with a sprinkling of green onions. Serve a bit of the sauce on the side as a dipping sauce, if desired. Place pickled ginger in center of salad in a mound.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, combine shallots, garlic, Asian barbecue sauce, hot bean sauce, and hoisin sauce and cook for 30 seconds. Add wine and cook for 1 minute. Add soy sauce, stock and sugar and cook for 2 minutes. Adjust with sugar, to taste. Transfer mixture to a blender and process until liquefied. Let cool., ingredients: [1 bunch or 8 ounces spinach, stems removed, washed and trimmed, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, 24 12 to 1 ounce thinly sliced pieces geoduck siphon, pounded, Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 2 green onions scallions, green part only, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons sliced pickled ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon Asian barbecue sauce, 2 teaspoons hot bean sauce, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons Chinese Shoaxing wine or dry Sherry, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Pacific Rim Geoduck Carpaccio, picturelink: null}, 45560: {instructions: Heat the milk in a small pot over low heat until warm. Remove from the heat and stir in the chocolate chips until melted and smooth. Set aside to cool slightly mixture should be thick but have a pourable consistency.nIn a large bowl using an electric mixer on high, beat together the cream cheese with the peanut butter and powdered sugar. In a separate bowl, beat together the heavy cream with the vanilla until doubled in volume and soft peaks form.nStir onethird of the whipped cream into the peanut butter mixture to lighten it. Fold in the remaining whipped cream until combined.nSpread into the graham cracker crust. Pour the melted chocolate over the top of the pie and sprinkle with the chopped peanuts. Place the pie in the freezer to set up, about 1 hour., ingredients: [14 cup milk, 12 cup chocolate chips, One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, One 9inch graham cracker crust, 14 cup salted peanuts, roughly chopped], title: Peanut Butter Pie, picturelink: 2tYqAMFHJMmPns1qCsnJzsilYG1QDV6}, 45561: {instructions: Rub the roast with salt and pepper.nWarm 2 tablespoons of the bacon drippings in a Dutch oven or other large heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Brown the roast on all sides. Reduce the heat to low, scatter half of the onion and half of the garlic over and around the meat. Pour the beef stock over it. Cover and simmer for 1 14 to 1 12 hours, until the roast is very tender. Let the meat sit in the cooking liquid until cool enough to handle. Drain the meat, reserving the cooking liquid. Shred the meat into bitesize pieces with your fingers or in several small batches in a food processor.nWarm the remaining 2 tablespoons bacon drippings in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Saute the remaining onion and garlic in the fat until the onion softens. Add the meat and saute until wellbrowned, about 10 minutes. Scrape the meat up from the bottom every few minutes, getting it crusty in some spots. Pour the reserved cooking liquid into the pan and add the tomatoes and chiles. Cook for about 15 minutes, until most of the liquid has evaporated. The meat should remain moist but not juicy. Adjust the seasoning if you wish. The meat can be made ahead to this point and refrigerated, covered, for up to several days. Warm the meat before proceeding.nYoull need about 5 cups of the shredded meat mixture for the chimichangas. Spoon it evenly over the tortillas. Roll up each tortilla, tucking in the ends to make a secure fat tube that resembles an overgrown Chinese egg roll. Secure the rolls with toothpicks.nShortly before you plan to eat the chimichangas, warm at least 4 inches of oil in a Dutch oven or other large heavy pan to 375 degrees F. Fry the chimichangas one or two at a time until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Turn the chimis to fry them evenly. Drain them and arrange on serving plates. Top with cheese, sour cream, tomato, scallions and salsa. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3pound boneless shoulder chuck roast, Salt and freshly milled black pepper, 14 cup bacon drippings or vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup beef stock, 2 small tomatoes, preferably Italian plum, chopped, 12 cup chopped roasted mild green chiles, such as New Mexican, preferably fresh or frozen, seeded, 4 thin 10 to 12inch flour tortillas, warmed, Vegetable oil for deepfrying, Grated Monterey Jack, asadero, or mild Cheddar cheese, or a combination, Sour cream, chopped tomato, and sliced scallions, Pico de Gallo page 77 or other favorite salsa], title: Chimichanga, picturelink: null}, 45562: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nInfused Simple Syrup: In a saucepan over medium heat, combine the sugar, water, cilantro, mint, basil, and crushed lemongrass. Slowly bring to a simmer and cook until the sugar is dissolved. Take off heat and let herbs steep until the liquid is cool. Strain into a glass or a bowl and reserve.nCucumber Juice: Add the cucumber to a blender with 2 cups of water. Blend on high until fully liquefied, then pour through a fine strainer and reserve.nDrink: Add the drink ingredients to each pint glass filled with ice. Stir and garnish each glass with a cucumber stick and a lemon slice., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 3 sprigs cilantro, 3 sprigs mint, 3 sprigs basil, 14 stalk crushed lemongrass, 1 large cucumber, peeled and diced, 2 cups water, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 ounces Infused Simple Syrup, 2 ounces Cucumber Juice, 1 12 ounces citrus vodka, Ice, Cucumber stick, for garnish, Lemon slice, for garnish], title: Thai Cucumber Lemonade, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 45563: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nPut the shrimp into a glass bowl. Whisk the remaining ingredients in a medium bowl and pour 12 to 23 if it over the shrimp. Reserve the remaining marinade to brush on the shrimp during grilling. Allow the shrimp to marinate for only 8 to 10 minutes or the lime juice will begin to cook the shrimp. Grill the shrimp, approximately 2 to 3 minutes per side while brushing with the reserved marinade. I use a silicone brush. Remove the shrimp from the grill to a platter and serve garnished with lime wedges., ingredients: [12 large raw shrimp wild U10 or 1520 count peeled, deveined and cut in fan shape similar to butterfly, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice from1 small lime, plus lime wedges for garnish, 1 teaspoon Thai chili sauce recommended: Sriracha or more, to taste, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons bottled minced garlic or 6 fresh cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 Thai chile, sliced thin or habanero or Scotch bonnet, 14 cup canola or olive oil, 14 cup toasted sesame oil, 14 cup soy sauce, 4 to 5 grinds black pepper], title: Grilled Thai Chile Garlic Shrimp, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 45564: {instructions: Heat the grill to medium.nPlace potatoes in a pot of cold water, add 1 tablespoon of salt and cook until potatoes are tender, but still firm, about 10 minutes. Drain, let cool and slice into 14inch thick slices.nBrush the potatoes on both sides with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the slices until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 10 minutes.nRemove the slices to a platter in an even layer and immediately drizzle with the vinegar and season with salt., ingredients: [4 medium Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed, Canola oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Malt vinegar, Kosher salt or Fleur de Sel], title: Vinegar and Salt Grilled Potato Chips, picturelink: OaLgijM5G8OtoU0UdqzA1hUb51miIQ.}, 45565: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the cucumber, mint, dill, lemon zest, and yogurt. Season with salt, to taste, and serve with the gyros., ingredients: [1 small cucumber, grated, Bunch fresh mint, leaves finely chopped, Bunch fresh dill, leaves finely chopped, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 cup Greekstyle yogurt, Kosher salt], title: Tzatziki Sauce, picturelink: FgqovyEKNekkEKAkgusTQ4xBv3Vyw1e}, 45566: {instructions: For the fruit: In a large bowl, toss together the strawberries, raspberries, sugar, orange zest, and orange juice. Let the mixture sit for at least 30 minutes to allow the fruit to release some of its juice.nFor the shortcakes: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a food processor, combine the flour, 1 tablespoon of the sugar, baking powder, and salt. Pulse to combine. Toss in the butter, heavy cream, and vanilla and pulse, pulse, pulse until the mixture comes together to form a rough ball it should look fairly crumbly.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone mat. With lightly floured hands, form the dough into craggylooking balls, a bit larger than golf balls. They should look a little like toads and DEFINITELY not be perfect. Place the balls on the baking sheet and squish each ball to flatten it some sprinkle the balls with the remaining tablespoon of sugar.nPut the cakes in the oven and bake for 11 to 12 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove and let cool.nTo assemble: Toss the mint with the fruit and stir to combine. Cut the shortcakes in half equatorially, place the bottom halves on individual plates, and divide the fruit and juice among them. Place a scoop of ice cream on top of the fruit, replace the tops, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pint strawberries, topped and quartered, 1 pint raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, Grated zest and juice of 1 orange, 6 fresh mint leaves, cut into a chiffonade see page 58, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch of kosher salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, cold, cut into peasize pieces, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, taken out of the freezer about 15 minutes before serving], title: StrawberryRaspberry Shortcakes, picturelink: null}, 45567: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut cut watermelon in a plastic bag and place in freezer for a minimum of 2 hours. If time does not permit this step, add a few extra ice cubes when blending, the difference is not that significant.nStuff all ingredients into a blender and puree until smooth. Garnish rim of glass with a lime wheel or a watermelon wedge and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 cups seedless or seeded watermelon, cut into 1inch cubes, rind discarded before measuring, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 4 ounces tequila, 2 ounces orange flavored liqueur, 1 12 cups ice, Lime wheel or watermelon wedge, for garnish], title: Frozen Watermelon Margarita, picturelink: rXCNFvWrQCd4LJ8fiGLY2RgWl.SDRO.}, 45568: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a blender and puree until smooth. Pour into individual glasses and drizzle honey on top of each milkshake to finish., ingredients: [12 cup lowfat vanilla frozen yogurt, 14 cup chilled triplestrength green tea, 1 tablespoon honey, plus more for garnish, 1 cup ice, Dash ground nutmeg, Dash ground cinnamon], title: Lowfat Green Tea, Honey and Nutmeg Smoothies, picturelink: null}, 45569: {instructions: To make the barbecue sauce, heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat for 1 minute. Reduce the heat to medium and add the onion, cooking until its soft and a little brown around the edges, about 5 to 7 minutes, stirring often. Stir in the guava paste, tomato paste, vinegar, brown sugar, star anise, allspice, and curry powder. Simmer until the guava paste has melted, about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Turn off the heat and let the sauce cool slightly. Discard the star anise, transfer the mixture to your blender and puree. With the motor running add the lime juice and rum. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside, or refrigerate for up to 2 weeks.nWhisk the olive oil, garlic, lime juice, salt and pepper together in a large bowl. Add the mangoes, peppers, red onions, chiles and cilantro and toss to coat. Add the beans and gently toss everything together.nHeat your broiler to high. Line a large baking dish or rimmed baking sheet with a double layer of aluminum foil and grease the foil with some olive oil or nonstick cooking spray.nPlace the salmon in the prepared baking dish and tuck about 2 inches of the tailend under the fish, so you have a somewhat uniform shape. Pour the barbecue sauce over the salmon and cook it under the broiler until the sauce caramelizes and chars around the edges and the salmon is firm and flakes easily, 8 to 12 minutes for rare the salmon will still be pink in the middle or 12 to 15 minutes for well done the salmon will be cooked throughout.nSpread the salsa on the serving platter and carefully lift the salmon out of the baking dish and arrange it on top of the salsa use 2 large spatulas to transfer it. Squeeze a few lime wedges over the fish and serve with additional lime wedges on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 yellow onions, chopped, 8 ounces guava paste, cut into chunks, 1 12 teaspoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 14 cup light or dark brown sugar, 2 whole star anise, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon curry powder, 1 12 teaspoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 12 cup olive oil, plus extra for greasing the baking dish, 3 garlic cloves, finely minced, 14 cup lime juice from about 2 limes, plus 2 limes cut into wedges for serving, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 mangoes, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 red bell pepper, halved, seeded, and finely diced, 1 green bell pepper, halved, seeded and finely diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, halved, seeded and finely diced, 1 large red onion, halved and finely chopped, 1 serrano chile, finely chopped, optional, 12 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 whole side salmon, 3 12 to 4pounds], title: Caribbean Salmon with MangoVeggie Salsa and Guava Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45570: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the Apple Filling:nIn a small bowl, toss the apple slices with the lemon zest, lemon juice, sugar, cinnamon, and salt, and set aside.nTo make the Crumble Topping:nIn another small bowl, mix the flour, brown sugar, oats, and salt with a fork until uniform. In a baking dish, melt the butter in the microwave until about half melts, 10 to 15 seconds on high. Pour the butter into the flour mixture and incorporate with a fork. Leaving the excess butter in the baking dish, arrange the apple slices in the dish. Top with the flouroat mixture. Bake until the apples are cooked through and the topping is golden, about 45 minutes.nTo make the VanillaCardamom Caramel Sauce:nIn a mediumheavy saucepan, mix the water and sugar and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Allow the mixture to boil, without stirring. Cooks Note: Swirl the pan, if needed. Boil until the sugar mixture is pale golden brown, approximately 7 minutes. Cooks Note: Watch closely sugar burns quickly.nRemove the pan from the heat, and stirring vigorously add the butter and cream. The mixture will bubble. Add the cardamom seeds and stir to incorporate. Return the pan to the heat and bring the mixture to a boil and then remove from the heat and allow to cool a few minutes. Stir in the vanilla extract and strain the sauce before drizzling over the cobbler., ingredients: [3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and sliced, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 23 cup brown sugar, 23 cup oats, Pinch salt, 1 stick 4ounces unsalted butter, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup heavy cream or halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds, gently crushed to release oils], title: Apple Crumble with CardamomVanilla Caramel Sauce, picturelink: mGJzZRz9zIqmZMLu1QuUkv.dotGVfdy}, 45571: {instructions: For the pork and marinade: In a bowl, mix together the paprika, brown sugar, salt, pepper, mustard and cayenne.nPut the pork in a resealable plastic bag, add half of the dry marinade, seal the bag and rub the marinade into the meat. Refrigerate overnight up to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 270 degrees F.nRemove the pork from the fridge and rub with the remaining marinade. Wrap in aluminum foil and put on a baking sheet. Bake until tender, 7 to 8 hours. Pull the pork out of the oven and shred it with two forksnFor the vinegar sauce: In a mixing bowl, whisk together the ketchup, vinegar, maple syrup, pineapple, cayenne, mustard and salt.nTo make the sandwiches: Put a portion of pulled pork in a bowl add a few tablespoons of vinegar sauce and mix. Pile on the toasted brioche buns and serve with a side of plantain chips., ingredients: [14 cup smoked paprika, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 pounds boneless pork shoulder, 34 cup ketchup, 34 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup maple syrup, 12 cup minced fresh pineapple, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 4 brioche buns, lightly toasted, Plantain chips, for serving], title: Pulled Pork Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 45572: {instructions: Shake juices in a shaker or in a tightly capped jar., ingredients: [12 cup freshly, squeezed orange juice, 12 cup grape juice freshly extracted, 14 cup water spring water, 2 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Energizer, picturelink: null}, 45573: {instructions: Special equipment: an immersion blendernPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPlace the tomatoes cutside up in a single layer on the baking sheet. Drizzle with 14 cup olive oil and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper and the sugar. Scatter the thyme sprigs over the tomatoes. Roast until the tomatoes are wrinkled and soft, about 1 hour. Let cool until cool enough to handle. Discard the thyme sprigs. Gently peel off and discard the tomato skins.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onions and a pinch of salt and cook until the onions start to lightly brown around the edges, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, vegetable stock and bay leaf and simmer, partially covered, for 30 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, add the cream and chopped basil and simmer for 5 more minutes. Remove the bay leaf and use an immersion blender to puree the soup until smooth. Season to taste with about 2 teaspoons salt and some freshly ground black pepper.nWhen ready to serve, top with a drizzle of chileinfused oil and garnish with some basil leaves., ingredients: [4 pounds plum tomatoes, halved and seeds removed, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon sugar, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 large onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 cups vegetable stock, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, plus whole leaves for garnish, Chileinfused oil, for drizzling], title: Homemade Roasted Tomato Soup, picturelink: C03gYk4ZJYAgg7ibzYWWjkxkqbiNV2}, 45574: {instructions: Remove meat of garlic from skins and mash. Place in saucepan. To the garlic add vinegar, wine and shallots. Over low to medium heat reduce mixture to consistency of jam.nOver low heat add dots of cold butter while continually whisking. Continue to add, mount, butter quickly, barely allowing for previously added butter to melt. Mixture will appear frothy and creamy. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in pecans and cayenne pepper Serve over steamed cauliflower, ingredients: [2 heads garlic, roasted, 3 cup cider vinegar, 3 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 to 2 sticks unsalted butter, cold, Salt and pepper to taste, 13 cup toasted crushed pecans, Pinch cayenne pepper], title: Roasted Garlic and Pecan Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 45575: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace 2 tortillas on your board. Spread 1 with cranberry sauce and set aside. Sprinkle the cheese over the other one and crumble the stuffing on top. Add the green beans, turkey, and jalapeno peppers. Pick up the first tortilla and place it cranberry side down onto the filled one. Press gently but firmly to keep the quesadilla together.nSpray a nonstick skillet with cooking spray and put it over medium heat. Place the quesadilla in the skillet and cook until the bottom is lightly browned and the cheese is melted, about 2 minutes. Flip the quesadilla and cook it on the other side for another 2 minutes. Slide it onto a cutting board, cut it into wedges, and serve., ingredients: [2 flour tortillas, 2 tablespoons cranberry sauce, 3 tablespoons grated Jack or Cheddar, 2 tablespoons leftover stuffing, 2 tablespoons cooked and chopped green beans, 3 tablespoons chopped cooked turkey, 1 teaspoon chopped jalapeno peppers, Vegetable oil cooking spray], title: Turkey Quesadilla, picturelink: rpze8kq1DBmc8HiSQc0sRU0EbDm8G}, 45576: {instructions: Add the vegetable oil to a hot fry pan, then add the garlic and cook until fragrant.nAdd the dried shrimp and stir fry for 3 minutes, or until crispy and golden brown. Remove from the pan and allow to cool.nPeel and segment the pomelo and break into bitesize pieces, and then place in a large mixing bowl. Add the dried shrimp, crab meat, mint, perilla leaves, Vietnamese mint leaves, Asian basil leaves, fried red shallots, fried garlic chips, and dipping fish sauce.nCombine and mix well.nTransfer to a dish and garnish with peanuts and chile.nTo make the dipping fish sauce: Combine the fish sauce, vinegar, sugar, and water in a saucepan and place on medium heat. Stir well and cook until just before boiling point is reached, then allow to cool. To serve, finely chop the garlic and chile and stir through with the lime juice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 clove garlic, finely diced, 1 34 ounces dried shrimp, soaked in water for 1 hour, then drained, 1 pink pomelo or 2 small pink pomelos, 7 ounces mud crab meat, 5 fresh mint leaves, sliced, 5 fresh perilla leaves, sliced, 5 fresh Vietnamese mint leaves, sliced, 5 fresh Asian basil leaves, sliced, 1 tablespoon fried red Asian shallot See Cooks Note, 12 tablespoon fried garlic chip, 3 tablespoons Dipping Fish Sauce, recipe follows, 1 chile, sliced, for garnish, Roasted peanuts, for garnish, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 ounces or 12 cup water, 2 cloves garlic, 1 chile, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice], title: Pomelo and Mud Crab Salad: Goi Buoi, picturelink: null}, 45577: {instructions: Mix the grapefruit, tomatoes, onion parsley, 1 1 2ounce ginger, oil and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until needed.nRemove all the fat from the sirloin and split the meat in half lengthwise. Make an incision at one end of the eye and with steel, such as a skewer, make a tunnel hole through the meat without breaking the outer meat.nMix remaining ginger with basil and garlic. Using the scallions as plungers, push the basil mixture with the scallions into the center of the sirloin. Coat the outside of the meat with the fivespice powder.nRoast the sirloin to the desired temperature. Slice the meat into thin even pieces and arrange on a plate beside the grapefruit salad., ingredients: [3 grapefruit, peeled and sectioned, 3 tomatoes, skinned and diced, 2 medium red onions, sliced, 1 2 bunch parsley, chopped, 1 1 4 ounces plus 5 ounces ginger, 2 1 2 cups black vinegar or soy sauce, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 4.5 pound sirloin, 5 ounces Thai basil, chopped, 3 ounces garlic, minced, 1 bunch scallions, trimmed and washed, 1 tablespoon Chinese Five Spice powder], title: Chinese Five Spice Sirloin, picturelink: null}, 45578: {instructions: In a large heavy pot heat the olive oil over moderate heat and cook the onion until golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Add the tomatoes, vinegar, corn syrup, cloves, allspice, mustard seeds, celery seeds, salt and pepper stirring to combine. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour. Pass the mixture through a food mill into a bowl and return to the pot. Bring the mixture back to a simmer and cook until very thick, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. Allow the ketchup to cool. The ketchup can be sealed in sterilized jars and kept indefinitely., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups coarsely chopped onion, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 3 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 13 cup distilled white vinegar, 12 cup dark corn syrup, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon ground celery seeds, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Homemade Tomato Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 45579: {instructions: Put the turbot steaks in a pan with the onions and enough wine and stock to cover. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and poach gently for 15 minutes. Remove the fish to a serving dish and keep warm. Strain the liquid and reserve.nMash the pickled walnuts. Combine them with the butter, 1 cup winestock mixture and the chopped watercress. Season. Bring to a boil and simmer for a few minutes. Pour this sauce over the fish, garnish with pickled walnut halves and serve., ingredients: [4 6ounce turbot steaks, 4 ounces sliced onions, 34 pint 3 cups mixed white wine and fish stock, 12 pickled walnuts, plus extra to garnish, 2 ounces butter, Bunch of watercress, finely chopped, Salt, Black pepper, available online.], title: Turbot with Watercress and Pickled Walnuts, picturelink: null}, 45580: {instructions: Heat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and garlic and cook 2 minutes. Add tomatoes and scallions and cook until skins begin to burst. Add vinegar and remove from heat. Add salt and pepper and parsley. Toss and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, rinsed and stems removed, 6 scallions, sliced on an angle, 2 tablespoons kosher for Passover red wine vinegar, a generous splash, Salt and pepper, 12 cup coarsely chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Warm Cherry Tomato Salad, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 45581: {instructions: Grind the apple chips to a very fine powder in a spice grinder. The drier the powder, the better and the rub will last longer without clumping. Transfer to a bowl.nGrind the peppercorns, coriander seeds and allspice into a fine powder and add it to the apple powder.nAdd the sugar, salt, paprika, ginger and cinnamon to the apple powder mixture and combine well. If not using immediately, store in an airtight container in a cool, dark place for up to 30 days., ingredients: [1 cup crumbled dry apple chips, 1 12 teaspoons black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 14 teaspoon whole allspice, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Apple Rub, picturelink: null}, 45582: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepot until hot. Add the onion and squash cubes, then saute until the onions are soft. Add the vegetable stock, bring to a slow simmer and cook until the squash is tender enough to puree. Season to taste with salt, pepper, sugar if necessary and ras al hannout., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed or extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup diced onion, 1 to 2 cups squash butternut or delicatta, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 2 cups vegetable stock, Salt and pepper, Raw cane sugar, if necessary, Ras al hannout], title: Squash Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45583: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan, add enough cold water to just cover and salt generously. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook, uncovered, until the potatoes are forktender, 45 to 55 minutes.nDrain the potatoes, peel use an oven mitt or kitchen towel to steady the potatoes and transfer to a large bowl. Add the butter, warm milk, 1 12 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of black pepper, and mash with a potato masher.nPut the potatoes in a large saucepan, add enough cold water to just cover and salt generously. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook, uncovered, until the potatoes are forktender, 45 to 55 minutes.nDrain the potatoes, peel use an oven mitt or kitchen towel to steady the potatoes and transfer to a large bowl. Add the butter, warm milk, 1 12 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of black pepper, and mash with a potato masher., ingredients: [2 pounds medium russet potatoes, scrubbed 3 to 4 potatoes, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into pieces, 1 cup halfandhalf, warmed, Freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds medium russet potatoes, scrubbed 3 to 4 potatoes, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into pieces, 1 cup halfandhalf, warmed, Freshly ground pepper], title: Simple Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 45584: {instructions: Heat oil and butter together in a large saucepan. Add roasted garlic and leeks and saute 3 minutes, until leeks are soft. Add flour and stir to coat. Add brandy and simmer 2 minutes. Add broth, tomato paste and potato and bring to a boil. Boil 6 minutes, until potatoes are forktender. Add shrimp and clams and simmer 1 minute to heat through. Add cream and dill and simmer 1 minute. Serve with rolls, if desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 34 cup roasted garlic cloves, 2 leeks, minced, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup brandy, 3 12 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 russet potato, peeled and diced, 12 pound small shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 steamed clams, shells discarded, clams chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped dill leaves, Rolls, for serving, optional], title: Shrimp and Clam Bisque, picturelink: null}, 45585: {instructions: Combine coffee, halfandhalf or cream, liqueur and ice cream in blender and process until smooth. Pour shake into a tall glass and garnish with whipped cream and a few chocolate covered beans., ingredients: [12 cup cold regular or decaf coffee, 2 to 3 tablespoons halfandhalf or cream, 2 shots sambuca liqueur, 3 scoops coffee or vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream, Chocolate covered coffee beans, for garnish, optional], title: Coffee Sambuca Shakes, picturelink: gJWDSmebI87OpKN1FQFdpKXy7Gthe}, 45586: {instructions: In a large bowl add beans, scallions, red and green peppers, jalapenos, and tomatoes. Toss to combine. In small bowl whisk together juice of limes, garlic, olive oil, cayenne, chili powder, a dash of Tabasco and salt. Pour over bean mixture and toss to combine. Top with cilantro and serve., ingredients: [1 can red beans, drained and rinsed, 1 can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 can white beans, drained and rinsed, 2 bunches scallions, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 jalapeno, minced and seeded, 2 large tomatoes, seeded and diced, 2 limes, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon chili powder, Tabasco, Salt, Cilantro], title: Tricolor Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 45587: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet a large pot of water on the stove to boil, and cook the fettuccini according to the directions on the box.nIn the meantime, heat the oil in a large skillet over a mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrots, and celery and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the mushrooms and cook for 5 minutes more, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic, ground beef, and thyme and cook until the meat is browned, breaking it up into small pieces as it cooks, about 5 minutes.nStir in the tomatoes and broth and cook for 5 minutes, or until sauce is thickened. Stir in the milk and cook for 1 minute more. Season with salt and pepper.nWhen the pasta is done, drain it, put it back in the pasta pot, add the sauce and stir the sauce and pasta together. Put into serving bowls and top with Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [34 pound wholewheat fettuccini, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small onion finely chopped about 1 cup, 2 carrots, finely chopped about 12 cup, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped about 12 cup, 8 ounces mushrooms, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound lean ground beef 90 to 95 percent lean, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves or 2 teaspoons dried, 2 14 12ounce can no salt added diced tomatoes with juice, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup fatfree evaporated milk or regular whole milk, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Fettuccini Bolognese, picturelink: yEUtyIKWppFn58Xargi9Qg2bnRe2}, 45588: {instructions: Special equipment: 10inch tart pannMake the Shortcrust Pastry, recipe follows, leaving to chill for 30 minutes before using. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the tart tin with the dough and bake blind. Cooks Note: Blind Baking. To prebake a pastry shell before adding filling, first chill the pastry, and then line your pan. Line the pastry with foil, parchment or greaseproof paper, leaving plenty to come up the sides. Fill with baking beans alternatively, for a really smooth finish use plastic wrap to line the pastry: place 2 sheets over the pastry, add the beans and bring the edges into the center. Whichever method you choose, bake blind in a 350 degree F oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the pastry feels dry. Remove the paper and beans, and brush with a little leftover beaten egg, and return to the oven for 2 minutes. If there are any little holes or cracks in the pastry, just patch it up with any leftover raw pastry before you return it to the oven. Remove from the oven, and set aside in the pan while you make the filling. The pastry can be baked a day in advance and kept covered until you need it. Filling: Wash and dry the spinach, removing any tough stalks and stems, if using large spinach leaves. In a mediumsize saucepan, cook the spinach in just the water thats clinging to it, over a low heat until it wilts. Drain the spinach in a colander or sieve, and let cool a little, then squeeze most of the moisture out with your hands, and roughly chop. Meanwhile, steam or boil the potatoes, until just cooked, and cool the potatoes on a tray or board. When the potatoes are cool enough to handle, cut them into 14inch thick slices. In a mediumsized bowl, whisk the eggs, and add the cream, salt, and pepper, lemon zest, nutmeg, cayenne pepper, and grated Parmesan. Whisk these ingredients together, and then add the spinach, and mix through. Season well as the potatoes are very mild and need a good contrast. Spread the potato slices over the base of the prepared tart, and dot with the goats cheese, reserving a few slices of each to place on the top, if you wish. Gently spoon the spinach cream mixture over the cheese, as high as you can go. If you are concerned about spillage, carry the tart minus the last few spoons of filling over to the oven. Place the pan in the oven, and then add the remaining filling, and any remaining potato, and cheese slices. Bake until the tart is golden brown and just set in the center, about 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the tart from the oven, and let cool for about 10 minutes before serving.nShortcrust PastrynPlace the flour, salt, and butter in a food processor and whiz or pulse briefly. Add half the beaten egg and continue to whiz. You might add a little more egg, but not too much as the mixture should be just moist enough to come together. If making by hand, rub the butter into the flour until it resembles coarse bread crumbs. Then, using your hands, add just enough egg to bring the dough together. With your hands, flatten out the ball of dough, until it is about 34inch thick, and then wrap in plastic wrap or place in a plastic bag and leave in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes or, if you are pushed for time, in the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes. Makes 1 crust about 14 ounces., ingredients: [Shortcrust Pastry, recipe follows, 9 ounces baby spinach or trimmed large spinach leaves, 7 baby new potatoes, unpeeled about 8 ounces, 4 eggs, 9 ounces heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Zest of 12 lemon, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch ground cayenne pepper, 1 ounce Parmesan cheese, finely grated, 5 ounces goat cheese, cut into 14 to 12inch slices, 7 ounces allpurpose flour, sifted, Pinch of salt, 7 tablespoons chilled butter, cubed, 12 to 1 medium egg, beaten], title: Spinach, Potato and Goats Cheese Tart, picturelink: null}, 45589: {instructions: Using a chefs knife, cut the kernels from the corn into a medium bowl. You should have about 3 cups. Using dull side of knife, scrape the milk and pulp from the cobs into the bowl. Add the egg yolk, flour, sugar, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine.nIn a clean bowl, whisk egg whites until stiff but not dry. Fold into corn mixture. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large castiron or nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat.nDrop spoonfuls of batter into the oil, spaced a few inches apart. Cook until golden on the bottom, about 1 to 2 minutes. Using a spatula, turn fritter over and cook until golden on the other side. Repeat process with leftover batter, using the remaining oil for pan.nServe immediately., ingredients: [3 ears corn, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Corn Fritters with Maple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 45590: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place a mesh rack on top, if available.nPut coconut in a shallow bowl. While tossing with a large spoon, add food coloring drop by drop until the desired color is reached. A little more green than yellow makes a pretty grass color. Add a few tablespoons water to moisten the mixture and help disperse the color evenly. If the color is too dark, add additional water, as needed, to dilute to the desired color. Drain the coconut in a sieve or strainer.nSpread the coconut in an even layer on the rack, or directly on the lined baking sheet. Place in the oven until dry, about 10 to 15 minutes. Use immediately, or store in covered container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 1 to 2 teaspoons liquid green food coloring, 12 to 1 teaspoon liquid yellow food coloring], title: Coconut Easter Grass for Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 45591: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Meanwhile, combine the sugar and 2 tablespoons hot water in a large bowl and stir until dissolved. Stir in the lime juice, garlic, chile and fish sauce transfer 2 tablespoons of the dressing to a medium bowl and whisk in the vegetable oil. Add the shrimp and toss to coat set aside.nAdd the rice noodles to the boiling water and cook as the label directs drain, rinse with cold water and shake off the excess liquid. Add the noodles to the bowl with the remaining dressing add the lettuce, carrots, cucumber and herbs and toss to coat.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the shrimp until charred and cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Arrange over the noodles serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [2 large carrots, grated about 2 cups, 12 English cucumber, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro andor mint, 12 head red leaf lettuce, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons sugar, 13 cup fresh lime juice from 4 limes, plus wedges for serving, 2 large cloves garlic, grated, 1 red Thai bird or serrano chile pepper, thinly sliced, remove seeds for less heat, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 ounces large shrimp about 16, peeled and deveined, tails intact, 1 8.8ounce package thin rice noodles], title: Rice Noodle Salad with Shrimp, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 45592: {instructions: In a large pot bring salted water to a boil. Add spaghetti and cook for about 8 to 10 mins, until firm to the bite or according to package directions.In a nonstick skillet saute garlic in olive oil for a few moments. Add julienned green and yellow bell peppers. Add some broth, cover and cook 5 to 7 minutes or until peppers are really tender.nAdd tomatoes and saute just to heat gently. Add capers and anchovies and remove from heat taste for seasoning.nWhen spaghetti is done, drain. Portion out, toss with peppers, and garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 small green bell pepper, seeded and thinly julienned, 1 small yellow bell pepper, seeded and thinly julienned, Chicken broth, 2 fresh ripe tomatoes, chopped finely, 2 tablespoons drained, chopped capers, 4 flat anchovies, minced, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, Salt, 8 ounces spaghetti, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced], title: Peppers and Spaghetti, the Leaner Way, picturelink: null}, 45593: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the crushed red pepper and garlic and cook briefly, about 1 minute, being careful not to brown the garlic. Add the spinach and cook until wilted. Add the roasted red peppers, season with salt and pepper and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound baby spinach, One 12ounce jar or 3 roasted red peppers, drained and julienned, Salt and pepper], title: Sauteed Spinach with Roasted Red Peppers, picturelink: null}, 45594: {instructions: Stir together the tequila, lime juice, orange juice and sugar until the sugar dissolves. Pour the mixture into a baking dish and freeze until hard, about 5 hours. Scrape the mixture with a fork to break it into small ice crystals.nSpread 2 tablespoons salt on a small plate. Moisten the rims of 4 large martini glasses with a lime wedge and invert onto the salt. Distribute the frozen margarita among the glasses, and then top each with half a beer. Garnish with a lime wedge and serve., ingredients: [34 cup silver tequila, 12 cup fresh lime juice from about 5 limes, plus wedges for garnish, 12 cup fresh orange juice from 1 orange, 13 cup sugar, Kosher salt, Two 12ounce bottles Mexican pilsner, well chilled], title: Frozen Beergaritas, picturelink: psqm0UHUi6mX.ZQg88WKzWLrLtUlhvK}, 45595: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Remove and discard any paper labels from the front or sides of the cheese box. Unwrap the cheese and discard the wrapping. Place the cheese back in the box, cover with the lid, and place it on a baking sheet.nBake until the cheese is completely soft on the inside, 20 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a work surface and remove the lid of the box. Use a serrated knife to slice the top of the rind off the cheese and serve the cheese immediately with chunks of bread., ingredients: [1 round camembert cheese, in a wooden box, Crisp baguette cut into chunks, for dipping], title: Baked Camebert, picturelink: null}, 45596: {instructions: Venison and Squash Blossoms:nPuree 12 of the cooked corn in a food processor until smooth. Mix remaining corn, onions, scallions, garlic, and eggs in a separate bowl.nIn a separate bowl, mix together flour, cornmeal, baking powder, sugar, and salt. Add dry ingredients to corn mixture and blend well. Let rest, refrigerated, for at least 15 minutes.nSpoon cake mix into a heated, oiled nonstick skillet and spread out to form 2inch pancakes. Cook, over medium heat, for about 2 to 3 minutes, or until golden. Turn over and finish cooking pancakes.nNote: corn pancakes can be made ahead and reheated in a moderate oven.nFor the Venison and Squash blossoms: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a thick, ovenproof skillet until quite hot. Add just enough oil to coat bottom. Season venison liberally with salt and pepper. Place in skillet and brown on 1 side. Turn venison over and place skillet in oven to finish cooking. Cook venison to medium rare, about 6 minutes, or until an instant read thermometer registers 135 degrees F.nHeat a deep pot of oil or a fryer to 360 degrees F.nAs venison is cooking, gently dip squash blossoms into tempura batter, and fry in oil until crisp and golden. Remove and drain on paper towels.nRemove venison from oven and let rest for 5 minutes.nSlice venison against the grain of the meat and divide onto 4 plates. Place warm corn cakes above the meat. Sauce in front, serving remaining sauce on the side. Garnish with squash blossoms and serve immediately with Plum Demiglace.nIn a bowl, mix together flour, cornstarch, egg yolk, and salt and mix well. Add water, starting with 12 cup, until batter is a thin pancake batter consistency.nPlace all ingredients in a heavy saucepan and simmer until very soft. Push through a mesh strainer to remove pulp. Add demiglace and keep warm., ingredients: [12 pound corn kernels, cooked, 14 cup finely diced onion, 2 tablespoons chopped scallion, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 eggs, 34 cup flour, 14 cup cornmeal, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 12 pounds venison leg fillet or venison strip loin, trimmed and deveined, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 8 squash or pumpkin blossoms See Cooks Note, Tempura batter, recipe follows, Oil, for frying, Plum Demiglace, recipe follows, 1 cup flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 egg yolk, Pinch salt, Ice water, 6 ripe purple plums, 12 tablespoons diced ginger, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 12 cup demiglace], title: Pan Roast Venison with Plum Sauce, Sweet Corn Cakes and Crisp Squash Blossoms, picturelink: null}, 45597: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, 1 teaspoon of salt, ginger, and bay leaf, stirring occasionally, until the onion is tender and translucent, about 6 minutes.nAdd the rice and cook until it begins to brown, about 4 minutes. Stir in the water along with the lemon zest. Bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook for 15 minutes. Pull from the heat and set aside for 5 minutes undisturbed. Fluff with a fork season with some pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 inch piece fresh ginger, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup basmati rice, lightly rinsed and drained, 2 cups cold water, 2 wide strips lemon zest, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Lemon Scented Rice, picturelink: null}, 45598: {instructions: Sift together the flour, salt, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger and sugar set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, beat together the egg and milk on low speed. Stir in the dry ingredients.nPeel, core and chop apples. Toss the apples and dates with lemon juice and fold into the batter.nHeat oil to 365 degrees F in an electric skillet oil should be 14inch deep.nDrop batter by heaping spoonfuls into skillet, patting each fritter down a bit 2 12 to 3 inches or so in diameter. Fry until golden brown on each side, about 3 minutes. Drain on a paper towels keep fritters warm and repeat until all batter has been used.nTo make Lemon Curd Cream, whisk together the cream, lemon curd and sugar until slightly thick.nTo serve, arrange fritters on a heated platter, drizzle with lemon curd ream, and sprinkle with candied ginger., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 13 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg, 34 cup whole milk, 2 medium green apples Pippin or Granny Smith, 12 cup chopped pitted dates, 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Canola or vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup jarred lemon curd, 34 teaspoon superfine sugar, 1 tablespoon minced candied ginger], title: AppleDate Fritters with Lemon Curd Cream and Candied Ginger, picturelink: null}, 45599: {instructions: Rub the turkey with the oil sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet and roast until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 160 degrees F, about 55 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest 15 minutes the turkey will continue to cook and the internal temperature should reach 165 degrees F.n, ingredients: [1 bonein turkey breast half about 2 pounds, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.], title: Roasted Turkey Breast, picturelink: null}}