{45600: {instructions: Melt butter in a 2quart saucepan over medium heat. Add shallot and saute until tender. Add the rice and stir until the rice is glossy and coated with the butter. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add the warmed stock. Add the smashed garlic and sprigs of thyme. Cover with a tight fitting lid. Cook for 15 to 17 minutes.nRemove the thyme and garlic. Fluff with a fork and add fresh chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 12 cups longgrain rice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups chicken broth or water, warmed, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Perfect Rice, picturelink: Mw5ckF93aANBBb21W3y5sjiPVESNeUa}, 45601: {instructions: Place peppers over a gas flame or on a tray under the broiler. Keep turning so the skin is evenly charred, without burning and drying out the flesh. Transfer charred peppers to a plastic bag, tie the top closed and let steam until cool to the touch, about 15 minutes. Peel off the charred skin by hand. Cut away stems, seeds and veins, and roughly chop.nPlace chopped peppers in a blender or food processor, add a few drops of water, and process to a paste. Transfer to a bowl and reserve.nIn the same blender, drop in the walnuts and garlic with the motor running and process for 30 seconds. Add the bread crumbs and process another 30 seconds. Return the peppers to the blender, along with the olive oil, pomegranate syrup, lemon juice, red pepper flakes, and salt, and process until smooth. Adjust seasonings, and transfer to a bowl.nTo serve, drizzle a little pomegranate syrup over the top., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, 12 cup walnuts, 4 cloves garlic, 34 cup dried bread crumbs, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon pomegranate syrup plus some for garnish, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Salt], title: WalnutGarlic Spread, picturelink: null}, 45602: {instructions: Photograph by Antonis AchilleosnCook 1 14 cups wild rice blend in chicken broth with 12 cinnamon stick, as the label directs. Cook 12 minced onion in a skillet with 3 tablespoons butter, 5 minutes. Add 13 cup sliced almonds and cook 2 minutes. Add 13 cup dried cranberries and cook 2 more minutes. Toss with the rice. Top with chopped parsley., ingredients: [No Ingredient Line], title: Rice Pilaf With Cranberries, picturelink: null}, 45603: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, stir together coconut, cornstarch, condensed milk, almond extract, and vanilla extract. Let mixture sit for 3 to 5 minutes.nUsing 2 tablespoons, drop by heaping rounded spoonfuls onto parchment lined cookie sheet about 1inch apart. Watching closely, bake for 15 to 20 minutes until lightly golden brown. Remove from oven and cool on wire rack.nUsing fine meshed sieve or sifter, dust with confectioners sugar. Store loosely covered until ready to serve., ingredients: [3 12 cups shredded sweetened coconut, 34 cup sweetened condensed milk, 2 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup confectioners sugar optional], title: Cocadas, picturelink: CxPZsqPlW1bKAqOlBdLMoufxf9v.fy}, 45604: {instructions: Puree the garlic and half the orange juice in a food processor or blender. Transfer to a large bowl. Puree the remaining juice with the dried and fresh oregano, and then add to the bowl. Grind the cumin and black pepper in a spice or coffee grinder, and then stir into the juice with the salt and sugar to taste. Let rest overnight before using., ingredients: [2 12 cups peeled garlic cloves, Zest and juice of 25 sour Seville oranges or 40 limes, reserved separately, 2 cups dried oregano, 8 ounces fresh oregano, leaves picked, 2 cups cumin seeds, 1 cup black peppercorns, 14 cup salt, Sugar], title: Mojo Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45605: {instructions: Combine everything except the liqueur and ginger in a small saucepan and place over mediumlow heat. Whisk occasionally until chocolate is melted, about 2 minutes.nContinue to cook, whisking frequently until smooth and slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, stir in liqueur, top with a piece of ginger, if using, and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 ounces milk chocolate, finely chopped, 34 cup whole milk, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 3 tablespoons raspberry liqueur recommended Chambord, Crystallized ginger, for garnish, optional], title: Raspberry Hot Chocolate, picturelink: zneIfnWSQpEHvnIP6RSr28XzfyF5l96}, 45606: {instructions: Heat the oil in a skillet. When hot add the squid and garlic and saute for 1 12 minutes only, stirring continuously, until the squid rings turn opaque. Add the tequila and cook for 30 seconds or until evaporated. Remove from heat and add black olives. Season to taste with salt and crushed red pepper. Set some dressed salad in a heated taco and fill with squid.nTo make cumin salad dressing, mix 14 teaspoon of ground cumin in your favorite dressing or in a mustard vinaigrette. You can top this with the citrus salsa if you wish.nIn a skillet heat the oil. When hot add the ground chuck and saute, stirring continuously until the meat is no longer pink. Drain excess fat. Add dried oregano, chili powder and corn kernels. Stir in tomato sauce, ketchup or barbecue sauce and bring to a simmer. Season to taste with salt. Spoon in the center of the tacos and top with sour cream and chopped tomatoes if the kids like it., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound net cleaned squid and cut into 14inch rounds, 1 peeled clove garlic, passed through a press, 2 to 3 tablespoons Tequila or fresh lime juice, 12 cup black olives, Salt and dried red pepper flakes, Mesclun, arugula or watercress salad dressed with cumin vinaigrette citrus salsa, optional: 1 red grapefruit or 2 navel oranges, peeled and cut into supremes mixed with 14 cup finely minced red onion and a little bit of olive oil to taste, 2 tablespoons oil, 8 ounces ground chuck beef, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 cup thawed frozen corn kernels, 4 to 6 tablespoons prepared tomato sauce, ketchup or barbecue sauce, Salt, Sour cream and chopped fresh tomatoes for topping], title: Muchos Tacos, picturelink: null}, 45607: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the ground sirloin and basil and mix well. Shape into 6 thick patties. Make a pocket in the center of each patty, fill each pocket with 1 tablespoon of the goat cheese, and cover with the meat. Press into patties 34 inch thick. Heat grill pan or saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Spray lightly with nonstick cooking spray, and add the burgers. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes on the first side, flip, and cook 4 to 6 minutes on the second side for mediumrare, or until desired doneness. To serve, place the burgers on the toasted bun halves and top each burger with 2 tablespoons of the olive spread. Top with lettuce and tomato and finish with the top of the bun.nIn a food processor fitted with the metal blade, combine the olives, chopped pepper, capers, parsley, and cayenne pepper and process until coarsely chopped. Then use onoff pulses while slowly adding the olive oil until it is absorbed. Taste for seasoning. Transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate until ready to use.nADVANCED PREPARATION: Can be prepared up to 1 week ahead, covered, and refrigerated., ingredients: [2 pounds ground sirloin, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil, 3 ounces fresh goat cheese, 6 kaiser rolls, split and lightly toasted, 34 cup TwoOlive Spread recipe follows, 6 leaves lettuce such as romaine or redleaf, 6 slices beefsteak tomato, 20 kalamata olives, pitted, rinsed, and drained, 20 green olives, pitted, rinsed, and drained, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 peeled red bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed, and drained, 2 tablespoons finely chopped Italian parsley, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon zest], title: Goat CheeseStuffed Hamburgers with TwoOlive Spread, picturelink: null}, 45608: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add pasta and cook until al dente about 8 minutes. Drain and set aside.nLightly brush all sides of each vegetable with the 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Place on the grill or grill pan, season with salt and pepper and grill for 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and cut all the vegetables into bitesize pieces.nAdd remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil to a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and red pepper flakes and saute for 1 minute. Stir in the pasta, add the chopped vegetables and toss.nTransfer to a serving dish and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 1pound box rigatoni, 1 baby Italian eggplant, sliced in 12inch thick discs, 1 zucchini, sliced in 12 lengthwise, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, quartered, cored and seeds removed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Rigatoni with Grilled Veggies, picturelink: null}, 45609: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn Minnesota if you order a bloody mary, 9 times out of 10 you will be asked if you want a snit. One snit per person enjoying the Minnesota Mary Bowla.nFill a large pitcher or bowla with ice, add all ingredients, and mix.nGarnish with pickled vegetables, onions, green beans, carrots, olives, and celery and 1 jalapeno.nCut peppers in half, add to vodka, and let steep in vodka for 24 hours to 7 days depending on the heat desired.nStrain through coffee filter, and store in air tight container., ingredients: [5 ounce Infused Pepper Vodka, recipe follows, 12 ounces tomato juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 8 ounces vodka, 1 each: jalapeno red, green, habenero, poblano, and Serrano], title: Minnesota Mary with a Snit, picturelink: yo17yoQqjxUNfbd9awkNYZIi5nrOpG}, 45610: {instructions: For the hummus: Combine the chickpeas and baking soda in a large bowl or pot and cover with at least double their volume of water. Transfer to the refrigerator and soak for 18 hours.nDrain the chickpeas and rinse thoroughly in cold water. Place the chickpeas in a large pot with the whole head of garlic and cover with water. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to low. Simmer the chickpeas over low heat until very tender, about 3 hours. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid and 1 cup of whole chickpeas. Discard the garlic bulb.nCombine the remaining chickpeas, the sesame paste, grape seed oil and lemon juice in a food processor and puree to a smooth, creamy consistency, adding reserved cooking liquid as needed. Season with salt and cumin.nFor the tehina: Combine the sesame paste, water, lemon juice and garlic in a blender and blend at high speed until smooth. Blend in the olive oil. If the puree is too tight, adjust the consistency with additional warm water. Season with salt and cumin.nFor serving: Spoon the hummus into a large shallow bowl. Create a well in the center, using the back of a spoon, pushing the hummus to the edges of the bowl. Toss together the reserved whole chickpeas with the tehina in a mixing bowl and adjust the seasoning if necessary. Spoon the dressed chickpeas into the well in the center of the hummus. Garnish the hummus with the olive oil and chopped parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound dry chickpeas, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 1 whole head garlic, skin on, 12 ounces unhulled sesame paste, 4 ounces grape seed oil, 2 ounces freshsqueezed lemon juice, Kosher salt, Ground cumin, 4 ounces unhulled sesame paste, 12 cup warm water, 2 ounces lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, germ removed, 4 ounces extravirgin olive oil preferably from Turkey or Israel, 2 ounces extravirgin olive oil preferably from Turkey or Israel, 14 cup fresh Italian parsley, chopped], title: HummusMasbacha, picturelink: null}, 45611: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPatdry the steak, season with salt and pepper, and place in a shallow glass pan. Pour 2 cups rosemary oil over steak, cover, and refrigerate for several hours. Turn the steak occasionally to coat both sides. Allow steak to come back to room temperature before grilling. Reserve 14 cup oil. Place a ridged grill pan over moderately high heat until very hot. Season the steak again and grill steak about 5 minutes per side for medium rare. Remove steak to a cutting board and let stand 10 minutes before cutting in slices.nBrush the flesh of the peaches with remaining rosemary oil. Place cut side face down on the hot grill pan for 3 minutes. Turn over and grill the other side just for 1 minute to soften. Remove and slice peaches into wedges. Toss the greens and herbs together and divide among plates. Fan the steak slices and peach wedges on top. Drizzle the dressing over steak and peach salad, garnish with remaining 14 pound crumbled blue cheese. Season with freshly cracked black pepper and serve.nTo prepare the rosemary infused olive oil: Warm oil and rosemary over low heat in a small saucepan. Allow to steep for 8 minutes. Remove from heat and cool to room temperature.nTo prepare the creamy blue cheese dressing: Whisk together 12 pound blue cheese with sour cream, lemon, vinegar and cayenne until smooth. Fold in chives, cover, and chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [12ounce New York strip steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Rosemary Infused Olive Oil, recipe follows, 2 peaches, halved and pitted, 4 cups mesclun greens avoid radicchio, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 3 tablespoons chiffonade basil, 1 tablespoon chopped tarragon, Creamy Blue Cheese Dressing, recipe follows, 2 14 cups extravirgin olive oil, divided, 3 fresh rosemary sprigs, 12 pound crumbled blue cheese, plus 14 pound for garnish, 34 cup sour cream, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon minced chives], title: Grilled Steak and Peach Salad with Creamy Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: UrgpA5nIQZHwaW9993cWlC5pycGwnKS}, 45612: {instructions: Heat 2inches of oil to 350 degrees F in a heavy skillet or deep pot over mediumhigh heat. Line a plate with paper towels and set aside.nWhile the oil warms, place the garlic cloves on a cutting board. Slice the cloves in half lengthwise and then smash with the side of a chefs knife. Sprinkle a pinch of salt over the garlic and chop and smear the garlic against the cutting board until it makes a paste.nPlace the grated plantains, garlic paste, and pepper in a large bowl and mix until combined. Using 2 tablespoons scoop out some of the mixture and press it flat with the back of the other spoon. Gently slide it in the hot oil, adding enough balls to fill the pan without overcrowding it. Fry until golden, for 4 to 5 minutes on each side if the fritters get dark too quickly, lower the temperature of the oil. Using a slotted spoon or frying spider, transfer the aranitas to the paper towellined plate to drain. Sprinkle with some more salt and the cilantro and serve warm., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 garlic cloves, Pinch kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 3 green plantains, peeled and grated on the large holes of a box grater, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Plantain Fritters Aranitas, picturelink: TjHr4X1ctQ.k4OS.5CzG0hnD1P0LHhu}, 45613: {instructions: In a pitcher, add all the ingredients and stir to combine. Garnish with lime wedge and serve., ingredients: [2 cups ice cubes, 14 cup orange vodka, 14 cup coconut rum recommended: Malibu, Splash peach schnapps, 2 cups pineapple juice, 12 cup raspberry puree, Splash pina colada mix, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Jamaican Hammock, picturelink: null}, 45614: {instructions: Make the filling: Put 1 pound each of beef and pork together through the fine blade of a food chopper twice. In a bowl, combine the meat with 1 cup cooked rice, 1 egg lightly beaten, 1 onion and 2 garlic cloves, both minced, and salt and pepper to taste. Remove 12 large outer leaves from a head of cabbage, reserving the remaining cabbage for another use. Dip the leaves briefly in boiling water to soften and spread them out flat on a work surface. Top each leaf with some of the filling and fold the leaves over the filling, tucking in the ends to make neat rolls. Put 2 pounds sauerkraut in a large kettle with light beer or white wine to cover and heat it gently. In a sauce pan melt 3 tablespoons lard, bacon fat or ham fat, blend in 3 tablespoons flour and cook the roux for 1 to 2 minutes. Blend it into the sauerkraut and bring the liquid to a boil, stirring constantly. Arrange the cabbage rolls on top of the sauerkraut and cook them, covered, in a moderate oven 350F. for 2 to 3 hours or until the filling is done. Serve the stuffed cabbage and sauerkraut topped with sour cream., ingredients: [2 pounds sauerkraut, Light beer or white wine, 3 tablespoons lard, bacon fat, or ham fat, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 pound ground beef, fine blade, double grind, 1 pound ground pork, fine blade, double grind, 1 cup cooked rice, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 onion, minced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 head of cabbage], title: Stuffed Cabbage with Sauerkraut, picturelink: null}, 45615: {instructions: Prepare an outdoor grill to medium high heat. Brush the scallions with olive oil. Lay the scallions on the grill until you see distinct grill marks, about 2 minutes. Turn the scallions over and cook about 1 minute more. Transfer to 2 plates and serve warm., ingredients: [1 bunch scallions, root ends trimmed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Scallions, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 45616: {instructions: Over medium heat in a thick bottomed saucepan, combine the oil, red onions, bell peppers and jalapenos. Cook until softened. Add the ground beef and pork. Cook through, breaking the meat into small chunks as it browns. Add the garlic and cook for 5 minutes. Drain any excess fat as necessary. Add the tomato sauce, tomato paste, vinegar, wine, Worcestershire, sugar, paprika, salt, black pepper, cayenne, cumin and mustard. Reduce the heat and simmer until the sauce thickens, about 30 minutes.nServe on toasted sesame buns., ingredients: [18 cup canola oil, 8 ounces red onion, diced into 12inch pieces, 6 ounces red bell pepper, seeded and diced into 12inch pieces, 12 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 8 ounces ground beef, 8 ounces ground Kurobuta Berkshire pork, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 34 cup tomato sauce, 3 ounces tomato paste, 18 cup red wine vinegar, 18 cup dry red wine, 18 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 12 tablespoon paprika, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, Sesame burger buns, toasted, for serving], title: Moms Sloppy Joe, picturelink: mHB3tWn9AQAgKj5cQVe1biSN3Ta7J.}, 45617: {instructions: Add the coriander and cumin to a small skillet and heat over medium heat. Swirl until the seeds are golden and slightly fragrant, about 3 minutes. Let cool slightly, and finely grind in a spice grinder.nCombine the spices with the cilantro, rum, jalapeno, onions, red pepper, pineapple, lime juice and zest in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour or overnight. Serve with tortilla chips.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [12 teaspoon whole coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon whole cumin seeds, 12 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 14 cup dark rum, 1 green jalapeno, finely diced seeded depending on desired spiciness, 12 medium white onion, finely diced about 12 cup, 12 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and finely diced, 12 pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 14inch chunks about 2 cups, Juice and zest of 1 lime, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Rummy Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 45618: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDumplings: In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg white, sesame oil and arrowroot until frothy. Stir in the bell pepper, carrot, peas, chives, ginger, salt, and shrimp. Put 12 of the mixture in a food processor. Blend until the mixture forms a chunky paste. Return the paste to the bowl and combine it with the remaining vegetable mixture. Cut each egg roll wrapper into 4 equalsized squares. Spoon about 1 tablespoon of the mixture into the center of each piece of dough. Gather the sides of the egg roll wrapper around the filling leaving the top of the filling uncovered. If necessary, use a little water to help secure the wrapper in place. Spray the bottom of a bamboo or stainless steel steamer with vegetable oil cooking spray. Working in batches, stand the dumplings, uncovered filling side up, in the steamer and cover. Steam until the shrimp turn pink and are cooked through, about 6 to 8 minutes.nDipping sauce: In a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, honey, hot sauce and garlic.nArrange the dumplings on a platter and serve the dipping sauce alongside., ingredients: [1 egg white, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon arrowroot, 12 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and diced into 14inch pieces, 1 medium carrot, peeled and diced into 14inch pieces, 14 cup frozen petite peas, thawed, 14 cup chopped chives, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined and cut into 14inch pieces, 4 egg roll wrappers, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 34 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Sriracha, 1 garlic clove, minced], title: Shrimp Siu Mai Dumplings, picturelink: 3gclEGRTsFTxdchDuQjzduxKk.QCUDK}, 45619: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSimmer the tomato sauce and vodka in a heavy large skillet over low heat until the mixture reduces by 14, stirring often, about 20 minutes. Stir the cream into the tomato and vodka sauce. Simmer over low heat until the sauce is heated through. Stir in the Parmesan cheese until melted and well blended.nMeanwhile, cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente, tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Drain the pasta and transfer it to the pan with the sauce, and toss to coat.nIn a large casserole pot, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 2 minutes. Add celery and carrot and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, basil, and bay leaves and reduce the heat to low. Cover the pot and simmer for 1 hour or until thick. Remove bay leaves and taste for seasoning. If sauce tastes too acidic, add unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, to round out the flavor.nPour half the tomato sauce into the bowl of a food processor. Process until smooth. Continue with remaining tomato sauce. If not using all the sauce, allow it to cool completely and then pour 1 to 2 cup portions into plastic freezer bags. Freeze for up to 6 months., ingredients: [1 quart Simple Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, or storebought marinara sauce, blended until smooth, 1 cup vodka, 12 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 pound penne, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 2 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 4 to 6 basil leaves, 2 dried bay leaves, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, optional], title: Penne with Vodka Sauce, picturelink: gKlCzlz0nAMUV790CVgbrM3zRsXAhC}, 45620: {instructions: Using a large heavy skillet, heat olive oil on medium high heat and saute the peppers and onions until translucent.nAdd the chick peas and meats in the pan and saute along with the peppers and onion until golden in color and meat is browned.nIn a saucepan, combine the vegetable broth and the saffron and allow saffron to steep in the broth. This will give the paella its color.nAdd the rice into the skillet and stir until well coated. Once the rice is toasted, add the saffron infused broth, stir, cover with a tight lid, and allow to cook on medium heat for 17 minutes.nTo serve, place in large platter and sprinkle lemon juice on top of the rice., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 onion, diced, 14 pound chick peas, 14 pound beef, cubed, 14 pound chicken breast, cubed, 14 pound chorizo sausage, cubed, 4 cups vegetable broth, Pinch saffron, 2 cups Carnaroli rice, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Spanish Paella with Carnaroli Rice, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 45621: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak the quinoa in water for 15 minutes, then drain. In a saucepan over medium heat, combine quinoa and about 1 12 cups of water. Bring to a full boil. Cover the pot, and let the quinoa cook for another minute. Turn the heat down to very low and cook for 15 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and let it sit for 5 minutes with the lid on. Uncover the quinoa and fluff gently with a fork. Set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, put the chopped cucumber, cilantro, toasted pine nuts and the olive oil in a serving bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, then add the quinoa and toss. Eat and enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup quinoa, 12 English cucumber, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons lemon infused olive oil], title: Quickie Quinoa Salad, picturelink: 6nIOVDgx4Wcb8xXLA1MGfzVZVbHhTY6}, 45622: {instructions: If you cant purchase fresh raspberry juice, make your own by blending fresh raspberries with water and sugar and straining to remove seeds. Fill ice cube trays with raspberry juice, garnishing each with a lemon twist and freeze until solid. To serve, place one raspberry cube in a champagne flute and fill with champagne., ingredients: [2 cups raspberry juice or 112 cup fresh raspberries, 1 cup water, 2 Tbs. superfine sugar, lemon peel twists, 2 bottles Champagne], title: Raspberry Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 45623: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 9inch square baking dish with butter.nAdd the butter and sugar to a large bowl and stir to combine. Add the egg and almond extract and continue to stir to incorporate. Add the milk and stir to combine. Add the flour, baking powder and salt and mix until fully combined. The batter will be thick, like for drop biscuits. Pour the batter into the prepared baking dish. Place the strawberries on top and gently push them down into the batter.nBake until golden brown, about 35 minutes. Serve with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing the pan, 1 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 12 cup milk, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound fresh strawberries, hulled and quartered, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Strawberry Buckle with Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: vBWs0puFCgGEyAnZAtcMAD.gtUBC7XS}, 45624: {instructions: In a kettle of boiling salted water cook the grains for 1 hour, or until they are tender, and drain them. In a large bowl stir together the grains, the Feta, the onion, the cucumber, the oil, the roasted pepper, the minced herbs, the lemon juice, the vinegar, the olives, the cumin, the garlic, the red pepper flakes, and salt to taste and garnish the salad with the herb sprigs., ingredients: [12 cup wheat, 12 cup spelt, 12 cup rye berries, 34 cup diced Feta about 3 ounces, 34 cup thinly sliced red onion, 34 cup julienne strips seedless cucumber, 7 tablespoons olive oil, 38 cup julienne strips drained bottled roasted red pepper, 38 cup mixed minced fresh herbs such as parsley, mint, and dill plus herb sprigs for garnish, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 2 tablespoons redwine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped pitted brinecured black olives, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 garlic cloves, minced, dried hot red pepper flakes to taste], title: Feta Grain Salad, picturelink: null}, 45625: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine the tomatoes, shallot, garlic, vinegar, water, and a sprinkling of salt, and pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil, and then turn down to a simmer, cooking about 5 minutes. Add the brown sugar. Cook another 5 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat.nIn a small saute pan, heat the olive oil until shimmering. Add the mustard seeds and cumin seeds and cook until they start popping. Pour the contents of the pan into the tomato chutney. Stir and season with salt, and pepper, to taste.nSlice the baguette into 14inch rounds. Place the slices on a large baking sheet and toast in the oven for 5 to 10 minutes, or until lightly golden.nServe a small wedge of cheese on each toast with a dollop of chutney. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 pints cherry tomatoes, 1 shallot, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup malt vinegar, 14 cup water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 heaping teaspoon black or brown mustard seeds, 1 heaping teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 large wedge Tallegio cheese about 10 to 12ounces, 1 French baguette], title: Tallegio Toasts with South Indian Tomato Chutney, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 45626: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat oil, over mediumhigh heat. Add red onions and bacon pieces. Saute until onion is soft, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add potatoes and garlic. Cook 5 to 7 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Stir in cilantro and serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup diced red onion, 14 cup real bacon pieces, 1 16ounce bag precooked and diced red potatoes, 1 12 teaspoons crushed garlic, Salt and pepper, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves], title: CilantroGarlic Potatoes, picturelink: RgiutatM50kzBDDxOOrLV8dBSZXWjOa}, 45627: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut the top 12inch from each onion, peel the onions, and with a melonball cutter scoop out the centers, reserving the onion pieces, leaving 2 layers of onion or 13inchthick shells, leave the bottoms slightly thicker. Transfer the reserved onion pieces to a 13 by 9inch glass baking dish. Drizzle the broth over them, and arrange the onion shells, inverted on top. Cover the dish tightly with foil and bake the onions in the middle of the oven for 45 to 50 minutes, or until the shells are just tender. Remove and reserve the shells. Into the onion pieces, stir the cream, the sugar, and salt and pepper, to taste, and bake the mixture, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 25 minutes.nWhile the onions are baking, in each reserved onion shell layer 14 cup of the stuffing, 1 12 tablespoons cranberry sauce, and another 14 cup of the turkey. Holding each shell in one hand pack the layers lightly. Arrange the stuffed onions on top of the baked creamed onions and pour 2 tablespoons of the gravy into each stuffed onion. Top each stuffed onion with 13 cup of mashed potatoes, mound them, and score with a fork. Bake the onions, stirring the creamed onions occasionally, for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the potatoes are golden., ingredients: [4 large onions about 34 pound each, 14 cup chicken broth, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and pepper, 1 cup cooked turkey stuffing, 6 tablespoons cranberry sauce, 2 cups chopped cooked turkey, 12 cup turkey gravy or chicken broth, 1 13 cups mashed potatoes], title: Thanksgiving Stuffed Onions, picturelink: null}, 45628: {instructions: In a blender on high speed, combine mustard, lemon juice, vinegar, and ginger for just a few seconds until smooth. Then turn the blender to a lower speed and slowly pour the oil in a continuous stream. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace shredded lettuce piled high in the center of a bowl with edges. Add dressing to lettuce and toss. Sprinkle parsley around the edges of the bowl and garnish with a lemon slice., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 34 cup canola oil, Kosher salt, 18 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, Lemon slices, for garnish], title: Ginger Salad, picturelink: ncZGezzkKRNaTnNs4mV9ZuzuW2kBey}, 45629: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat oil over medium heat. Add garlic and onions and saute for 2 minutes. Turn heat up to mediumhigh and add spinach in handfuls, constantly tossing and moving with tongs as it wilts down. As soon as spinach has completely wilted remove from heat, season with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 1 cup frozen onions, 12 ounces prewashed baby spinach, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Spinach Saute, picturelink: RAa3MCSHfudj5mc8L6pEgXxnJ.poku.}, 45630: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the mushrooms in a small pot and cover with the stock. Bring to a low simmer and reconstitute the mushrooms.nBring a medium pot of salted water to boil.nSprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper and then dredge in some flour. Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and brown on both sides, then transfer to a plate. Melt 4 tablespoons of the butter into the oil and add the carrots, garlic, shallots and some salt and pepper, and cook partially covered to soften the vegetables, 5 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the brandy then stir in the wine. Remove the mushrooms from the stock and chop. Add the mushrooms to the pan along with most of the soaking liquid discard the last few spoonfuls where grit may have settled. Add the tomatoes and tarragon, and then slide the chicken back in and simmer to thicken a bit, 10 minutes.nCook the noodles until al dente in salted water, then drain the noodles and add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, and toss to coat. Serve the chicken pieces with the buttered egg noodles and a few spoonfuls of the sauce alongside., ingredients: [Handful dried porcini mushrooms about 12 ounce, 1 12 cups chicken stock, Salt, 1 12 pounds chicken breast cutlets, each cutlet cut into 3 or 4 large pieces, Pepper, Flour, for dredging, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 5 tablespoons butter, 2 carrots, finely chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 large shallots, finely chopped, 14 cup brandy, 12 cup dry white wine, One 14ounce can petite diced tomatoes, 3 tablespoons fresh tarragon leaves, chopped, 8 ounces extrawide egg noodles], title: Boneless Chicken Chasseur, picturelink: Ye5NgGjjg6zlMKuXO4Lp6lRiM12VxaO}, 45631: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a wokshaped skillet or large nonstick skillet over high heat. When pan is very hot, add oil, it will smoke a bit then, immediately add the snow peas, pepper, mushrooms, scallions, and bean sprouts. Stir fry for 1 minute to flavor the oil, then add the ginger and garlic, and stirfry 2 minutes. Add the cooked noodles and toss with to combine. Add the soy sauce and toss the ingredients to coat noodles evenly with sauce. Transfer the lo mein to a serving platter and garnish with a drizzle of toasted sesame oil., ingredients: [2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan in a slow drizzle vegetable or wok oil, 1 cup 2 handfuls snow peas, halved on a diagonal, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into matchsticksize pieces, 12 pound assorted mushrooms shiitake, straw, enoki, or oyster, coarsely chopped, if necessary, 4 scallions, thinly sliced on a diagonal, 2 cups about 4 handfuls fresh bean sprouts, 2 inches fresh ginger root, minced or grated with hand grater, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound lo mein noodles or thin spaghetti, cooked to al dente and drained well, 12 cup aged tamari soy sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, several drops], title: NoPain Lo Mein, picturelink: hxJOlz1kbyuNl8buWeqh7lUOWLPL5Zy}, 45632: {instructions: Strain pears and discard syrup set pears aside.nCombine all ingredients, except the pears and raspberry filling, in a nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to a gentle simmer and add the pears. Add enough cold water to cover pears and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Once thickened, remove pears and chill.nAdd raspberry filling to port syrup and bring to a boil. Cook until reduced to the consistency of a glaze. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature. Spoon pears into bowls and top with glaze. Garnish with whipped topping and fresh mint, if desired., ingredients: [2 cans pears in syrup, 1 cup port wine, 12 cup sugar, 1 star anise, optional, 1 cinnamon stick, ground, or ground cinnamon, to taste, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 orange, zested, 13 cup raspberry filling, Whipped topping, for garnish, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Poached Pears with Dessert Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45633: {instructions: Puree 12 cup cilantro, 12 small seeded serrano chile, the juice of 2 limes, 14 cup olive oil and a pinch of kosher salt. Toss with 4 cups cubed assorted melons, one 15ounce can hearts of palm drained, rinsed and sliced 12 inch thick and 2 sliced scallions season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [], title: Spicy Lime Melon Salad, picturelink: WEhwbYleB9YI4vQbjrAAb2CzInXGgj2}, 45634: {instructions: In large bowl stir together flour, baking powder, salt, rosemary and orange zest. Cut in butter gradually add orange juice to make a soft dough. Knead on lightly floured surface 10 turns. Roll out dough to 14 inch thickness. Cut with 2 12 inch cutter. Place on baking sheet bake at 425 degrees F for 12 to 15 minutes or until browned.nServe with ham or prosciutto, goat cheese and olive oil. Goat cheese can be rolled in 1 tsp. orange zest and 1 tsp. chopped rosemary., ingredients: [2 cups all purpose flour, 4 tsp. baking powder, 1 tsp. salt, 1 tsp. chopped fresh rosemary, zest of 1 orange, 12 cup butter, 13 to 12 cup Floridas Naturalu00ae Premium orange juice], title: Orange Rosemary Biscuits, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 45635: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 F. Generously grease six 23cup popover tins or nine 12cup muffin tins.nIn a bowl whisk together eggs, milk, and water and add butter in a stream, whisking. Add flour and salt and whisk mixture until combined well but still slightly lumpy. Divide batter among tins and bake in lower third of oven 45 minutes. Cut a slit about 12 inch long on top of each popover with a small sharp knife and bake 10 minutes more. Makes 6 large or 9 medium popovers., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 34 cup milk, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup minus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Classic Popovers, picturelink: null}, 45636: {instructions: Combine carrots, mushrooms, tomatoes, and beans in the bottom of a 5quart slow cooker.nSeason pork chops with salt, pepper, and 1 tablespoon of herbs de Provence. Place in slow cooker on top of vegetables.nIn a small bowl, combine potato soup, Dijon mustard, tomato paste, sherry, and 1 teaspoon of herbs de Provence. Pour over pork chops.nCover and cook on low setting for 4 to 6 hours.nIn a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, melt butter. When butter is melted and foam subsides, add bread crumbs and stir constantly until toasted. Serve pork chops and vegetables sprinkled with bread crumbs and parsley., ingredients: [1 14ounce bag frozen sliced carrots, 1 8ounce package sliced fresh button mushrooms, 1 15ounce can whole peeled tomatoes recommended: Muir Glen, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained recommended: Progresso, 4 boneless, thickcut, pork loin chops, rinsed and patted dry, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon herbs de Provence, divided, 1 10 34ounce can condensed cream of potato soup recommended: Campbells, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 3 tablespoons dry sherry recommended: Christian Stockers, 2 teaspoons butter, 3 tablespoons seasoned bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: French Pork Chops, picturelink: YOkU7fjEMelWMBmZtxVtq3uoWlwNkzC}, 45637: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBrown the meat and the onion in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat for 5 minutes, breaking up the meat into crumbles as it cooks. Pour the drippings out of the pan and discard. Add the garlic, jalapeno, and red pepper and cook 5 minutes more, stirring occasionally. Stir in the rest of the ingredients, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 5 minutes more. Place a halfcup scoop of the mixture onto each bun and serve., ingredients: [1 pound extralean ground beef, 1 onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno, minced, 1 red pepper, diced, 1 can small red beans or pinto beans, preferably low sodium drained and rinsed, 1 12 cups nosaltadded tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 34 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 wholewheat burger buns], title: Sloppy Joes, picturelink: 09xJf0LCLu5fVaCWQihILgz9ZbS0OHG}, 45638: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a saucepan and add the onion, garlic, and chili peppers. Gently fry ingredients together, about 5 minutes. Add pureed plum tomatoes to saucepan. Simmer on low to medium heat for 10 minutes.nSeason with salt, to taste. Add basil leaves at the very end., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Dried chili peppers, crushed, 1 28ounce can peeled plum tomatoes, pureed, Salt, 3 fresh basil leaves, torn], title: La Salsa di 5 Minuti: Five Minute Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45639: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the halved garlic heads in a single layer on a sheet of foil. Drizzle with the olive oil and season with salt. Fold the foil into a packet roast until tender, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the brisket: Pulse the 6 garlic cloves in a food processor to make a paste. Season both sides of the brisket with salt, pepper, the paprika and chili powder. Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches if necessary, add the meat to the pot in a single layer and brown on both sides, about 5 minutes total. Remove the meat from the pot and spread with the garlic paste.nDrain the oil and wipe out the Dutch oven. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon canola oil to the pot and warm over medium heat. Add the onions and cook 5 minutes. Season with salt and stir in the brown sugar cook 5 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and cook 2 minutes. Return the brisket to the pot, add the wine and simmer, 25 minutes. Add the stock and bay leaves and return to a simmer. Cover, transfer to the oven and cook until the meat is tender, 2 hours to 2 hours, 30 minutes.nRemove the brisket from the pot and let rest 15 minutes. Meanwhile, discard the bay leaves and put the pot with the braising liquid over medium heat simmer until thickened, about 20 minutes. Squeeze the roasted garlic out of its skin and whisk into the liquid. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if necessary. Thinly slice the brisket against the grain and toss with some of the roasted garlic sauce. Warm the tortillas fill with the brisket and top with slaw.nCombine 1 small head shaved red cabbage, 4 sliced scallions, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, a splash of olive oil and a dab of Sriracha in a bowl season with salt. Set aside to allow the vinegar to work its magic.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [2 heads garlic, unpeeled and halved crosswise, plus 6 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 4 to 4 12 pounds brisket, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 3 large red onions, halved and thinly sliced, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 cup dry red wine, 2 cups beef stock, 2 bay leaves, 16 to 20 small flour tortillas, Red cabbage slaw, for topping below], title: Brisket Tacos With Red Cabbage, picturelink: B7nXwXqknCV385th.enEcZyUMGUCQS}, 45640: {instructions: Souffle: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly grease an 8inch square baking dish.nIn a large bowl, combine the sweet potatoes, sugar, eggs, milk, butter, vanilla, and salt. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish.nTopping: Combine the brown sugar, butter, flour, and pecans in a separate bowl. Crumble the topping over the sweet potato mixture.nBake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the topping is golden brown. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 cups cooked and mashed sweet potatoes, from about 2 to 3 small baked potatoes, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 eggs, beaten, 12 cup milk, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, about 1 stick, melted, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, about 12 stick, cubed, at room temperature, 12 cup selfrising cake flour, 1 cup chopped pecans], title: Aunt Peggys Sweet Potato Souffle, picturelink: MU9O90a3gjEAH8TKF2ARjMAO8KdQRpK}, 45641: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook sausage in a cast iron skillet. When done, remove sausage from pan and pour off all but 2 tablespoons of fat. Whisk flour into the fat and cook over low heat for 5 minutes. Remove pan from heat and whisk in milk a little at a time. Return to mediumhigh heat and stir occasionally while the gravy comes to a simmer and thickens. Be sure to scrape up any brown bits that might be stuck to the bottom of the pan, thats where the flavor is. Check seasoning, add crumbled sausage and serve over toast or biscuits., ingredients: [1 pound bulk breakfast sausage, 14 cup flour, 2 cups milk, Salt and pepper], title: Sawmill Gravy, picturelink: gHKgUCTTISidHlTdu2rURN03bQDHAK}, 45642: {instructions: Soak the sliced onions in ice water for a minimum of 2 hours.nPreheat the vegetable oil to 375 degrees F. After soaking the rings, drain well and toss in the flour. Fry until golden brown, then season with salt and pepper.nTo prepare the burger, in a bowl, blend the ground beef with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Then remove a small portion, about 1 ounce, and cook to check level of seasoning.nReseason the beef if necessary. To form patties, portion four 7 12 to 8ounce rounds. Flatten the top with a 5inch disk, ensuring not to overmix during the process.nOnce portioned, warm a griddle or pan over medium high heat until hot, 2 to 3 minutes. Then add the grapeseed oil and patties. Reduce the heat to medium. Cook on first side until browned, 3 minutes, then flip and repeat process to desired temperature. Remove from the heat and rest.nWhile the meat is resting, cook the fries until golden brown in the same oil used for the onion rings. When finished, remove and season with salt and pepper. Then warm a medium flat pan over medium heat. Spread the butter on all of the buns. Brown the buns in the pan until solid brown texture is achieved, 1 to 2 minutes. Then remove from the heat and set aside until ready to serve.nIn a bowl, blend the shredded lettuce with the Thousand Island dressing, tossing well. Then top the browned buns with the lettuce, a cooked patty and some onion rings and top with the bun top. Serve with the French fries., ingredients: [1 pound onions, sliced 18inch thick, 1 cup seasoned allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, for frying, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds ground beef, 8020 blend, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 cups French fries, 2 tablespoons softened butter, unsalted, Four 4 12inch brioche buns, 1 12 cups shredded lettuce, 12 cup Thousand Island dressing], title: Crisp Onion Burger, picturelink: null}, 45643: {instructions: To make the marinade: whisk the lemon juice, mustard, rosemary, garlic, and 1 teaspoon of the salt together in a medium bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil and season with pepper.nTransfer the marinade to a large sealable plastic bag. Put the lamb chops in the bag, seal, and shake vigorously to evenly coat the meat. Marinate at room temperature for 1 hour or in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours and up to 12.nRemove the chops from the marinade and transfer them to a plate. Discard the marinade. Using a spoon, lightly scrape the remaining marinade off the chops and pat them dry.nPreheat a large castiron grill pan over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes. Raise the heat to mediumhigh. Season the chops with salt. Place 2 chops on the grill pan, and cook until the chops have distinctive grill marks, about 3 minutes. To make crosshatched grill marks, reposition the chops, moving them about 45 degrees on the ridged pan, and continue to cook about 3 minutes more. The chops will have only cooked on one side at this point. Set the chops aside and repeat with the remaining 2 chops. Return the first set of chops to the pan to cook them on the other side. Reduce the heat to medium low, and cook the chops until mediumrare, about 2 minutes. Repeat with the other chops. Let the chops rest for about 5 minutes and serve., ingredients: [12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Four 8 to 12ounce lamb shoulder chops], title: PanGrilled Lamb Shoulder Chops, picturelink: null}, 45644: {instructions: Spread cream cheese on the bottom of a microwave safe dish. Add Curlys sauceless pork. Pour chili over the pork and top with shredded cheddar cheese. Microwave on high for 5 minutes or until the cheese melts. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 tub of Curlys Sauceless Pork, 2 8 ounce packages softened cream cheese, 1 15 ounce can chili without beans, 16 ounces shredded cheddar cheese, 1 13.5 ounce package regular or taco flavored tortilla chips], title: Pork Chili Cheese Dip, picturelink: null}, 45645: {instructions: For the polenta: In a medium saucepan, bring 4 cups water to a boil with 1 14 teaspoons salt. Whisk in the polenta and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cook, continuing to stir to prevent burning and so there are no lumps, until the polenta starts to thicken, about 7 minutes. Remove from the heat.nFor the Stroganoff: Add 2 tablespoons olive oil to coat the bottom of a large skillet. Saute the onions and shallots over medium heat until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the thyme and garlic and cook until lightly golden around the edges. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the mushrooms and cook until caramelized, about 5 minutes. Transfer the contents of the pan to a bowl and remove and discard the thyme sprigs.nSprinkle the beef with salt and pepper. Return the pan to the stove and add the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil and the beef. Cook until browned on one side, 1 to 2 minutes, then flip and brown on the remaining side, 1 to 2 minutes more. Remove the meat to the bowl with the vegetables. Add the brandy and deglaze the pan, scraping up any brown bits that are stuck to the bottom. Add the beef stock and let come to a simmer. Add the spinach leaves and cook until wilted, then return the vegetable and meat mixture to the pan and heat through. Add salt and pepper, if needed.nTop the polenta with the meat and mushroom mixture. Garnish with sour cream, parsley and lemon zest., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 cup instant polenta, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 Spanish onions, thinly sliced, 1 large shallot, thinly sliced, 2 to 3 thyme sprigs, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups wild mushroom mix, 12 ounces beef sirloin, thinly sliced, 14 cup brandy, 1 cup beef stock, 2 handfuls baby spinach, stems trimmed, Sour cream, for garnish, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, Lemon zest, for garnish], title: Beef and Mushroom Stroganoff over Creamy Polenta, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 45646: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F 325 degrees F for glass dish. Combine flour and sugar in medium bowl cut in butter with pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Press firmly into bottom of ungreased 13 x 9inch baking pan.nBAKE 15 minutes.nCOMBINE sweetened condensed milk, egg and almond extract in large bowl mix well. Stir in toffee pieces and almonds. Spread mixture evenly over partially baked crust.nBAKE an additional 25 minutes or until golden brown. Cool. Cut into bars., ingredients: [1 12 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 cup powdered sugar, 34 cup cold butter, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 6 1 316 oz. milk chocolatecovered English toffee candy bars, cut into small pieces, 1 cup slivered almonds], title: Almond Toffee Bars, picturelink: null}, 45647: {instructions: Add Tanqueray London Dry, Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, Captain Morgan Silver Spiced, Cuervo Especial Gold, triple sec, and sweet and sour mix in icefilled collins glass and stir. Top with cola. Garnish with lemon wedge optional., ingredients: [0.25 oz. Tanqueray London Dry Gin, 0.25 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, 0.25 oz. Captain Morgan Silver Spiced Rum, 0.25 oz. Cuervo Especial Gold, 0.25 oz. triple sec, 1 oz. sweet and sour mix, 6 oz. cola], title: Long Island Ice Tea, picturelink: hHAHx131hp5OUgUiX9CmFRClmUIoVO}, 45648: {instructions: Pulse the garlic and shallots in a food processor until finely chopped. Add the herbs and pulse briefly until finely chopped be careful not to puree them. Transfer to a bowl. Stir in the olive oil, vinegar, lemon zest and juice and red pepper flakes. Season with salt and more red pepper flakes if desired. Keep in the refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, 1 shallot, chopped, 2 cups500ml fresh parsley andor cilantro leaves, 14 cup60ml fresh oregano leaves, 12 cup125ml olive oil, 1 tablespoon15ml red wine vinegar, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Pinch red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chimichurri, picturelink: null}, 45649: {instructions: Place the cheeses in a large bowl and sprinkle with the cornstarch, tossing to evenly coat the cheese. All cheese fondue recipes should contain some sort of starch, preferably flour or cornstarch they protect the cheese from separating and curdling when melted.nRub the inside of a fondue pot with the cut side of the sliced garlic and then discard. Place the pot over a sterno flame. Add the wine and bring to a gentle simmer, until tiny bubbles begin to rise to the surface, the wines natural acidity makes the cheese smooth and creamy. Gradually stir the cheese into the simmering wine, allowing each handful to melt before adding another melting the cheese slowly encourages a smooth fondue. Once the consistency is smooth, stir in the mustard, nutmeg and pepper.nPlating: Arrange an assortment of bitesize dipping foods, such as chunks of baguette, vegetables, and meats, on a lazy Susan around the fondue pot. Spear with fondue forks or wooden skewers, dip, swirl, and enjoy If the fondue begins to get too thick during the meal, add some more wine and stir vigorously until the fondue is smooth. Be careful not to let the fondue boil., ingredients: [12 pound Emmentaler or Swiss cheese, coarsely grated, 12 pound Gruyere cheese, coarsely grated, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 garlic clove, halved lengthwise, 1 cup dry white wine, Pinch dry mustard, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 loaf crusty bread, cut into chunks and assorted blanched vegetables], title: Cheese Fondue, picturelink: null}, 45650: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nWrap corn tortillas in wet paper towels and microwave for 45 seconds. In a large bowl, combine chicken, 1 12 bags of cheese, onion, cilantro, and 2 cans of enchilada sauce. Mix well Add the cilantro and stir to combine.nCover the bottom of a large baking dish with half of the remaining enchilada sauce.nCarefully spoon mixture into tortillas, roll up and place seam side down in the baking dish. Cover the top with the other half can of the enchilada sauce and the rest of the cheese 1 12 bags. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes. Serve with sour cream sauce.nMake sour cream sauce by adding butter to a saucepan over medium heat. While the butter is melting add the chicken broth, cumin, garlic and sour cream. Whisk to combine season with salt, bring to a boil and remove from the heat.nServe enchiladas topped with sour cream sauce., ingredients: [1 package corn tortillas 14 tortillas, 2 cooked chicken breasts, chopped, 3 8ounce bags shredded Mexican cheese blend, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 2 tablespoons cleaned and roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 3 cans enchilada sauce hot or mild, divided, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup chicken broth, Pinch ground cumin, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 12 cups sour cream, Pinch salt], title: Mexicali Enchiladas SemiHomemaker Recipe, picturelink: ugshKBkvOCfjD0wN.3OZIsSBVR8wq2}, 45651: {instructions: 1. Pour vegetable oil into a cast iron or fry pan and heat until oil shimmers. Sprinkle hamburger patty with salt and pepper on both sides and add to hot fry pan.n2. While burger is cooking, add bun, cut side down, to fry pan. Heat until grilled, 2 to 3 minutes, then remove.n3. Cook burger to desired doneness and turn off heat.n4. Layer lettuce and chips on bottom of bun and spread guacamolen5. Then layer burger, tomato, and Vlasicu00ae Zesty Garlic Dill Stackers., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 6 oz. ground beef patty or veggie patty, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 1 seeded hamburger bun, 3 tablespoons guacamole, 14 cup shredded lettuce, 1 slice tomato, Vlasicu00ae Zesty Garlic Dill Stackers, 3 to 4 tortilla chips], title: Zesty Garlic Guacamole Burger, picturelink: null}, 45652: {instructions: Special equipment: candy thermometernMix 3 cups sugar with water in a small, heavy saucepan. Cook over high heat until syrup reaches 248 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Watch it closely as it gets close to temperature it will go quickly at the end.nWhile syrup is cooking, beat egg whites with 2 tablespoons sugar until stiff but not dry. Extra fine granulated sugar works best. Turn mixer off until syrup is ready.nWith mixer running, pour syrup into the egg whites in a thin, steady stream, making sure not to pour directly onto beaters. Be careful, as hot syrup can burn if you. Continue to beat mixture until it is no longer hot.nAllow to cool to room temperature and then beat in the softened butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, until all is incorporated. Salted butter works fine. If you are using unsalted butter, add 12 teaspoon salt, or to taste. The mixture will become thin and may look curdled at first, but will then become smooth as it beats. Lastly, beat in the vanilla all at once. Use the best vanilla you can find. Artificial and white vanilla will ruin the delicate flavor.nIf not using at once, refrigerate the buttercream until needed. It will keep for 1 week in a tightly sealed container in the refrigerator. To use, just bring it back to room temperature and rebeat to restore the texture. If you have trouble with the texture, getting it to room temperature and extra beating are the keys to making it smooth. Enjoy on your favorite cake, ingredients: [3 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup water, 1 cup egg whites, 1 12 pounds butter 6 sticks, softened, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Kim Morrisons Real Vanilla Buttercream Frosting, picturelink: null}, 45653: {instructions: Place dried mushrooms and 2 cups chicken stock in a small pot over mediumlow heat.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil in a Dutch oven or high sided skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add garlic, crushed pepper, onions, carrots, celery, peppers, and eggplant to the pot as you chop them. Add the bay leaf, season with salt and pepper and cover the pot to sweat the vegetables out a little faster. Stir occasionally for 10 to 12 minutes then uncover and add the balsamic vinegar.nRemove the reconstituted dried mushrooms to the pot with a slotted spoon. Pour in all but the last few tablespoons of mushroom stock. The last of the stock can hold a little loose grit from the dried mushrooms. Add tomatoes and break up with a wooden spoon. Simmer over low heat the last few minutes before serving. Adjust salt and pepper.nHeat the remaining 2 cups stock with 1 cup milk, golden raisins and rosemary over medium high heat. Whisk in polenta and stir 3 minutes until thickened. Remove from heat and stir in honey, butter and cheese.nPile some polenta in shallow bowls and spoon the stew around the polenta., ingredients: [1ounce dried porcini mushrooms, coarsely chopped, 1 quart chicken stock, divided, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 red onion, chopped, chopped into bite sized pieces, 1 large carrot, peeled and thinly sliced, 3 to 4 celery stalks, cut into bite sized pieces, 2 cubanelle peppers, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped into bite sized pieces, 2 eggplants, peeled of half the skin, cut into bitesized cubes, 1 bay leaf, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, 1 28ounce can whole tomatoes recommended: San Marzano, 1 cup milk, Handful golen raisins, 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves stripped and finely chopped, 1 cup quick cooking polenta, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano], title: Eggplant Stew with Honey and Golden Raisin Polenta, picturelink: null}, 45654: {instructions: Wash then boil the okra in a saucepan of boiling water until almost tender but still firm. Drain and put in refrigerator to cool. When ready to eat, slice okra into 14inch rings, put in small mixing bowl and then add bonita flakes. Stir and add shoyu to moisten and to taste and add a touch of toogarashi, depending on how spicy you like it. Best eaten with Japanese rice., ingredients: [34 pound okra, 1 package katsuobushi shaved bonito fish, Pinch of toogarashi red pepper flakes, Shoyu soy sauce to taste], title: Maxannes Japanese Okra, picturelink: null}, 45655: {instructions: In a large heavy bottom pot, heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground beef and cook until browned, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and drain off the excess grease. Add the tomato sauce and the beef broth and simmer for 1 hour. Add all of the ingredients from Batch one, stir and simmer for 35 more minutes. Add Batch two to the pot and cook for another 20 minutes, stirring often. Add Batch three and cook for 10 more minutes. Let cool and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator. Use in Cin Chili Stuffed Poblano Peppers, Cin Chili Puffs, and Cin Chili Con Queso., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 14ounce can beef broth recommended: Swansons, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce recommended: Hunts, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 12 teaspoon jalapeno powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules, 1 teaspoon beef bouillon granules, 5 tablespoons red chili powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 14 teaspoon brown sugar, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 12 teaspoon ground cumin], title: Cin Chili, picturelink: null}, 45656: {instructions: Working over a shallow bowl, cut off corn kernels, then scrape each cob with a knife to extract juice. Discard cobs.nPuree 2 cups kernels, reserving remainder, and all of juice in a food processor 2 minutes, scraping down sides. Force through a fine sieve into a bowl and discard solids. Stir in salt, cornstarch, and sugar.nCook onion in butter in a saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring frequently, until softened. Add reserved kernels and water and simmer briskly, covered, stirring occasionally, until corn is crisptender, 4 to 5 minutes.nStir corn puree again, then stir into kernels. Bring to a boil, stirring, and simmer, stirring, until thickened, about 2 minutes. If desired, thin with water. Season with pepper and stir in chives., ingredients: [4 ears corn, shucked, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon cornstarch, Pinch sugar, optional, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup water, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy Corn with Chives, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 45657: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium pot, bring 4 cups water to a boil over high heat. Place the quahogs in the pot and let them steam until they open, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the quahogs and strain the water from the pot which is now quahog broth and reserve it for later use. Then remove the meats from the shells and, when cool, chop into chunky 14inch pieces or use a food processor. Dont over process, the meats should be chunky. The shells can be set aside for later use. Make sure to remove any muscles left on the shells and discard any broken shells.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the butter, chourico, onions and pepper relish and cook until the onions become translucent. Add the chopped quahog meat and cook for 3 to 4 minutes longer.nIn a large mixing bowl, add the quahog broth to the croutons and fold together. When the croutons have absorbed the broth, add the hot ingredients to the bowl. Incorporate all of the ingredients, and adding enough plain breadcrumbs until the mixture is stiff. Divide the mixture into 10 even balls, about 5 ounces each or 3 inches in diameter, and place firmly into the shells. Place the shells on a sheet pan into the oven until the outside of the stuffie is toasted brown, 5 to 10 minutes. The stuffies are now ready to be served., ingredients: [10 large live quahogs, 4 ounces butter, 6 ounces ground or diced chourico Portuguese smoked sausage, 4 ounces diced white onion, 3 14 ounces hot pepper relish, 12 ounces plain croutons, 1 ounce chopped fresh parsley, 2 to 6 ounces plain breadcrumbs], title: Spicy Stuffies Stuffed Quahogs, picturelink: ze6q5ot4iPFeoiFa2XPbnfD4LCNiH6}, 45658: {instructions: For the shawarma: Mix the cumin, paprika, allspice, chili powder and garlic together. Place the chicken inside a resealable plastic bag with the olive oil. Add the spice mixture and rub in until fully incorporated. Seal that bag and place it into the refrigerator to marinate for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nAfter marinating, use the skewers to pierce the pieces of chicken through the center. Slide the pieces down leaving enough room for you to hold the skewer, about 3 pieces of chicken per skewer. Continue this process until chicken is all skewered. Sprinkle with salt and place on a hot oiled grill top for 4 minutes per side, or 8 minutes total.nFor the relish: Mix the oil, vinegar, oregano, tomatoes, cucumbers, garlic, lemon juice, onion, parsley and some salt and pepper.nFor the tahini sauce: In a medium bowl, combine the tahini paste, olive oil, lemon juice and 14 cup water. Season with salt.nTo serve, fill the pitas with the grilled chicken and serve with the cucumber relish and tahini sauce., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons paprika, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 1 clove garlic, grated, 6 pieces skinned and deboned chicken thighs, cut into 1 inch strips about 1 12 pounds, 3 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons quality olive oil, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar or white balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 1 English cucumber, chopped, 1 clove garlic, grated, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 small red onion, minced, Handful fresh parsley leaves, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup tahini paste, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt, Four 6inch storebought white pita pockets, Olive oil], title: Chicken Shawarma with Tomato Cucumber Relish and Tahini Sauce, picturelink: V4x7uUqPFui49GSX26gf0gDMHkrF3G}, 45659: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork.nUnfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 14inch square. Spread the preserves on the pastry to within 2 inches of the edge. Sprinkle with the cranberries and almonds. Place the cheese in the center of the pastry. Fold the pastry up over the cheese to cover. Trim the excess pastry and press to seal. Brush the seam with the egg mixture. Place seamside down onto a baking sheet. Decorate with the pastry scraps, if desired. Brush with the egg mixture.nBake for 20 minutes or until the pastry is golden brown. Let stand for 45 minutes. Serve with the crackers., ingredients: [1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, thawed, 12 cup apricot preserves, seedless raspberry jam, 13 cup dried cranberry, 14 cup toasted sliced almond, 1 13 to 16ounce Brie cheese round, 1 package 13 ounces Pepperidge Farmu00ae Entertaining Quartet Distinctive Crackers], title: Holiday Brie en Croute, picturelink: null}, 45660: {instructions: Put the mint, sugar and lime wedges into a small pitcher and muddle together. Stir in the rum. Strain into chilled coupes and top off with the cava., ingredients: [14 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, plus more for garnish, 2 to 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 1 cup rum, 1 bottle very cold cava, ], title: Mojito Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 45661: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a 1 12 or 2 quart pitcher. Stir.nServe over ice in chilled tall glasses. Garnish with a sprig of fresh mint., ingredients: [2 cups frozen mixed berries, 1 20 fluid ounces bottle green tea, chilled recommended: Hansens, 2 cups mixed berry sparkling water, chilled recommended: Arrowhead, 2 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, Ice cubes], title: Green Tea Soda, picturelink: j0O2Lxz0jK8DpLNtoFTLJY9FR4bu6K}, 45662: {instructions: Combine the butter and garlic in a food processor or with a mixer until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotographs by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 12 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Garlic Butter, picturelink: Z1SCh1aLnUkebF6NrwC8lK3OC9HXETi}, 45663: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut a pocket into the side of each pork chop going 34 of the way through. Season chop with salt and pepper and stuff the pocket with the cranberry filling. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a medium ovenproof saute pan over high heat. Add the pork chops and sear on both sides. Add 1 cup chicken cranberry sauce. Place the pan in the oven and roast until the meat is firm to the touch, about 8 to 10 minutes. Spoon the chickencranberry sauce on a plate and top with pork chops. Garnish with dried cranberries and toasted pine nuts.nPlace the cranberries in a medium bowl and cover with boiling water, let sit 30 minutes to rehydrate. Drain and reserve soaking liquid. Place cranberries and remaining ingredients in a food processor with a 14 cup of the soaking liquid and process until smooth. Season with salt.nSalt Place chicken stock in a nonreactive medium saucepan over high heat and cook until reduced to 2 cups. Add, wines, cranberry juice, brown sugar, peppercorns and chipotle puree and continue cooking until thickened to a sauce consistency. Season with salt., ingredients: [4 pork chops, 1inch thick, Salt and freshly pepper, Cranberry filling, recipe follows, Cranberry sauce, recipe follows, Olive oil, Dried cranberries, Toasted pine nuts, 1 cup sundried cranberries, 2 tablespoons pinenuts, toasted, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cascabel chile powder, Salt, 4 cups homemade chicken stock, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup red wine, 14 cup cranberry juice, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon chipotle puree], title: Grilled Pork Chops Filled with Sundried Cranberries, picturelink: null}, 45664: {instructions: In a pitcher, combine the iced tea, lemonade and limoncello. Stir with a cocktail spoon. Divide into 6 glasses filled with citrus ice cubes or regular ice cubes and serve with straws., ingredients: [3 cups iced tea, such as golden oolong tea from Teas Tea, 1 12 cups sparkling lemonade, 1 12 cups limoncello, Citrus ice cubes, optional see Cooks Note], title: Spiked Arnold Palmer, picturelink: awPWyi6n2yGOI157vIv6G0yZNpcyAKS}, 45665: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread almonds out on a sheet pan and bake for about 5 to 7 minutes until just golden brown. Watch them carefully as they can burn easily. Remove and cool.nWith an electric mixer on high, whip the heavy cream in a bowl just until frothy and add in the sugar substitute, extracts, cocoa powder, and ricotta cheese. Continue to whip on high until peaks form. Be careful not to overwhip, or cream will break.nFold in toasted almonds. Using a 3ounce ice cream scoop, place 1 scoop each in a champagne glass and freeze as faux ice cream or serve refrigerated as a parfait. If desired, garnish with low carb whipped cream, toasted almonds, a strawberry fan, cocoa powder, and a sprig of fresh mint., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sliced almonds, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 1 teaspoon no sugar added vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon no sugar added almond extract, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons whole milk ricotta cheese], title: Low Carb Quick Chocolate Almond Ice Cream, picturelink: KgwbJfvl6lczYA6QJ2pZXfRug92BO}, 45666: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the pepper, garlic salt, Cajun seasoning, and bay leaf and mix well set aside. In a large pot, heat the vegetable oil over high heat. Add the onions, celery, and green peppers and stir. Add the flour and stir until blended. Add the chicken broth and stir until smooth. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, and okra and stir until mixed well. Add the hot sauce and seasoning mixture and mix well.nBring the gumbo to a boil and then reduce the heat to a simmer and simmer for 30 minutes, uncovered. Add the catfish and stir to mix well. Cover the pot and simmer for 20 minutes. Serve with rice., ingredients: [14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 13 cup diced onions, 13 cup diced celery, 12 green pepper, diced, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 10.5ounce can chicken broth, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 3 ounces tomato paste, 1 small 5ounce package frozen cut okra, Splash hot sauce, 34 pound to 1 pound catfish, cut into chunks, Rice, cooked and drained, for serving], title: Catfish Gumbo, picturelink: UKjfJ6cbitevF6TVN2gSIGqYuCKBgxS}, 45667: {instructions: In a small skillet heat the oil over moderate heat until it is hot but not smoking, add the red pepper flakes, and cook them, stirring, for 10 seconds. Add the garlic and cook it, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the scallion and the rosemary and cook the mixture, stirring, for 10 seconds. Stir in the bread crumbs and salt and pepper, to taste, and remove the skillet from the heat. Mix the mayonnaise and mustard in a small bowl, set aside. Heat an ovenproof skillet over moderately high heat until it is hot and in it brown the lamb, seasoned with salt and pepper, turning it for 5 minutes, or until the sides and the ends are browned evenly. Pour off any fat from the skillet, arrange the lamb, fat and meat side up, and brush with mayonnaisemustard mixture. Then pat the crumb mixture evenly on the fat and meat side of the lamb. Bake the lamb in the middle of a preheated 475 degree oven for 15 minutes, or until a meat thermometer registers 130 degrees for mediumrare meat. Transfer the lamb to a platter, let it stand, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Serve garnished with watercress sprigs., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 14 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 1 garlic clove, minced, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced scallion including the green part, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 1 1 14 pound trimmed and frenched single rack of lamb 7 or 8 ribs, Salt and pepper, to taste, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup mustard, Watercress sprigs, for garnish], title: Rack of Lamb with Rosemary Scallion Crust, picturelink: null}, 45668: {instructions: Shave the daikon into ribbons with a vegetable peeler. Toss with 14 teaspoon salt in a colander let drain in the sink, tossing occasionally, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, shave the carrots into ribbons with the peeler.nMake the dressing: Whisk the ginger, vinegar, lime juice and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the vegetable oil and sesame oil until blended.nToast the sesame seeds in a skillet over medium heat, tossing occasionally, until the white seeds are golden, about 5 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon seeds to the dressing.nToss the daikon and carrots with the dressing and season with salt. Top with the remaining sesame seeds.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 pounds daikon, peeled, Kosher salt, 1 pound carrots, 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger, 3 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 34 teaspoons black sesame seeds], title: DaikonCarrot Salad, picturelink: 7HzkjA2PIiNMRWIIRnxDD14M0PYgu}, 45669: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the apple cider, orange juice, cranberry juice, spiced rum, if using, whiskey, sugar, pumpkin pie spice, sugar, orange slices and cinnamon stick into a large pot. Heat on mediumlow for 10 minutes. Serve in heatproof mugs or glasses., ingredients: [3 cups apple cider, 2 cups orange juice, 1 cup cranberry juice cocktail, 1 cup spiced rum, optional, 1 cup whiskey, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 orange, sliced, 1 cinnamon stick], title: Hot Orange Toddy, picturelink: mCV6POLR61GMUEGa64OCuHvYPd0xEu}, 45670: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the potato cubes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Saute stirring frequently, for 5 minutes. Turn the heat up to high, add the water, stir, and cover the pan with a lid. Steam the potatoes until the water evaporates, about 3 or 4 more minutes. Every 1 to 2 minutes, open the lid long enough to stir the potatoes so they dont stick. Lower the heat to medium, and saute another 1 to 2 minutes until all traces of water are gone. Toss in the butter and stir to coat the potatoes. Spread the potatoes out on a baking sheet. Bake in the oven until the potatoes are crisp and browned to your liking, about 15 to 25 minutes depending on how dark you want them. Transfer the potatoes to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 3 russet potatoes, peeled, and cut into 12inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Perfect Crispy Potatoes, picturelink: FmoX8GkMg29YH7JtRrz3fd.dy8YRC0C}, 45671: {instructions: Special equipment: Wooden skewers, soaked in cool water for at least 1 hour, as many as needednLightly grease the grill grates and heat the grill. Season the sardines with salt. Carefully thread the sardines onto a skewer, making sure all the spines line up on 1 side of the skewer. Place the skewers, spineside down on the grill. Gently turn the skewers over only once. This way, when you turn the skewers over, the spines will keep the sardines from breaking apart and falling off the skewers.nCook for few minutes on each side and serve immediately., ingredients: [24 fresh sardines, cleaned, Sea salt, to season], title: Sarde Alla Brace: Barbecued Sardines, picturelink: null}, 45672: {instructions: First make the filling: Drain the dried mushrooms, reserving the soaking liquid, and mince. In a skillet cook the shallots in the oil over moderate heat, stirring until they are softened. Add the fresh mushrooms and salt and pepper to taste and cook the mixture, stirring, until it is dry. Add the dried mushrooms and the garlic, cook the mixture, stirring, until it is dry, and transfer it to a bowl. Add the mozzarella, the Parmesan, and salt and pepper to taste to the mushroom mixture and stir the filling until it is well combined. Make the ravioli: Trim the ends of the dough and cut the dough crosswise into 2 pieces, 1 piece 1 12 inches longer than the other. Put a rounded teaspoon of the mushroom mixture in 2 rows on the shorter piece, spacing them about 1 inch from the edges and with their centers about 1 12 inches apart. Brush the dough around the filling with water, put the longer piece of dough on top, and press it gently around the mounds of filling. With a fluted pastry wheel or knife cut the dough between the mounds. Arrange the ravioli in one layer on a baking sheet sprinkled with flour and let dry one hour.nWhen ready to cook the ravioli, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add ravioli and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes, or until it is just tender, drain it in a colander and transfer it to a large bowl. Then in a small saucepan melt the butter and add the butter to the ravioli, tossing to coat it well. Transfer to serving dish. In another saucepan combine the heavy cream, 12 cup of the reserved mushroom soaking liquid, strained through a double thickness of rinsed and squeezed cheesecloth, and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, until it is slightly thickened. Season the sauce with salt and pepper to taste. Top the ravioli evenly with the sauce and sprinkle with the parsley and the Parmesan before serving., ingredients: [1ounce dried porcini mushrooms, soaked in 1 cup boiling water for 30 minutes, 13 cup minced shallots, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 pound fresh wild mushrooms, minced, Salt and pepper, 2 garlic cloves, minced fine, 6 ounces chopped mozzarella, 14 cup grated fresh Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, 1 pound fresh pasta dough sheets, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Ravioli Filled with Porcini Mushrooms and Two Cheeses, picturelink: null}, 45673: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Season scallops with salt and pepper and grill for 3 minutes and finish in oven, about 2 minutes. Boil apple juice and cider vinegar, reduce by half. Add cream and butter.nSlice apples very thin and cook slowly in a pan with butter and sugar. Cook until lightly brown.nPlace apple slices on plate. Place scallops on apples and pour sauce over the top., ingredients: [5 diver sea scollops, Salt and pepper, 1 cup apple juice, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 apple, sliced, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Grilled Scallops Apple Cider Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 45674: {instructions: Make the crepes: Combine the milk, eggs, flour, cocoa powder, granulated sugar, vanilla and salt in a blender and process until smooth. Refrigerate the batter 30 minutes.nLightly brush a 10inch nonstick skillet with melted butter and place over medium heat. Add a scant 14 cup of batter and quickly swirl the pan to coat the bottom. Cook until set on top and golden on the bottom, about 30 seconds. Carefully lift the edge of the crepe with a rubber spatula, then flip with your fingers and cook 20 more seconds. Invert the crepe onto a plate. Repeat with the remaining batter to make 14 to 18 crepes, brushing the skillet with more butter as needed. Stack the finished crepes on the plate and let cool completely. The crepes can be made up to 1 day ahead let cool, then wrap the stack in plastic wrap and refrigerate.nMake the filling: Beat the butter in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy. Add 2 34 cups confectioners sugar in 2 batches, beating until smooth and fluffy. Add the dulce de leche and beat until combined. The filling can be made up to 1 day ahead cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate, then beat for a few minutes with a mixer before using.nAssemble the cake just before serving: Place 1 crepe on a platter or cake stand. Spread with a scant 14 cup of the filling, then top with another crepe. Repeat with the remaining filling and crepes, ending with a crepe on top.nBeat the heavy cream and the remaining 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment until stiff peaks form. Spread on top of the cake and drizzle with dulce de leche. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 14 cups whole milk, 4 large eggs, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder Dutchprocess or natural, 14 cup granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, Unsalted butter, melted, for brushing, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 34 cups plus 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 1 cup dulce de leche jarred or canned, plus more for drizzling, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Dulce de Leche Crepe Cake, picturelink: 0Oe6PLmYDaBIplj34.9uL2R7ay6gd.}, 45675: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saute pan, cook the bacon over medium heat until rendered but not crispy, about 3 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and onions, and cook until the onions are soft and begin to turn golden in color, about 3 more minutes. Add the minced garlic and cook an additional 1 minute, or until fragrant. Remove the pan from the heat, and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, use a fork to mix together the bread crumbs, brown sugar, thyme, cayenne pepper, and salt, and pepper. Add the ground pork, egg yolk, and bacon and onion mixture to the bread crumbs, and gently mix with your hands until just combined. Do not over mix. Divide the mixture into 8 even portions and form into patties, pressing a small thumb indentation in the middle of each so they stay flat when they cook. In a large saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage patties and brown on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Add a tablespoon of water and cover the pan for 3 minutes, or until the sausage is fully cooked. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 slice bacon, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons plain dried bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 34 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces 72 lean ground pork, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon water], title: Homemade Sausage Patties, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 45676: {instructions: In a large pot combine chicken, carrots, onion, celery, peppercorns, and bay leaf. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours. When meat is falling off the bone, remove the chicken from the pot and set aside to cool. Strain and reserve to remove vegetables and reserve stock. When chicken is cool, remove all meat from the bones and shred.nIn a large heavy pot, heat oil over medium high heat. Stir in onion and cook for 1 minute. Stir in carrots, celery and potatoes and toss to coat. Cook vegetables for 3 minutes. Stir in flour and cook for 2 minutes. Add reserved stock and stir until it thickens. Add an additional cup of water if more liquid is needed. Simmer for 30 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Stir in chicken and parsley and season with salt and pepper.nFor the dumplings: In a large bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder and salt. Using a pastry blender, two knives or your fingertips cut the butter into the flour. Stir in the milk and parsley. Drop by the spoonful into the simmering stew. Simmer for 8 minutes or until firm., ingredients: [1 4 pound whole chicken, 2 carrots, scrubbed and halved, 1 onion, peeled and halved, 1 celery rib, cut in thirds, 5 peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, Water, 3 tablespoons of vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and sliced, 1 celery rib, sliced, 2 potatoes, peeled and chopped, 4 tablespoons flour, 14 cup parsley, chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 14 cups flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, chilled and cut into small bits, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley], title: Chicken in a Pot with Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 45677: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 13x9inch pan lightly with nostick cooking spray.nPREPARE cake mix according to package directions. Pour 2 cups batter into prepared pan. Bake 15 minutes.nMELT caramels and butter in heavy saucepan over low heat. Remove from heat. Stir in sweetened condensed milk until blended. Spread caramel mixture evenly over cake. Spread remaining cake batter over caramel mixture.nBAKE an additional 25 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched. Cool. Mix caramel topping and pecans in small bowl. Spread over cooled cake., ingredients: [1 12.25 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Caramel Spoonable Ice Cream Topping, 1 cup coarsely chopped pecans, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 18.25 oz. package Pillsburyu00ae Devils Food Cake, 1 14 oz. package caramels, unwrapped, 12 cup butter or margarine, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk], title: Caramel Fudge Cake, picturelink: null}, 45678: {instructions: Smash 1 garlic clove and sprinkle with kosher salt, then mash and smear into a paste with the flat side of a knife. Mix with 1 14 cups lowfat plain Greek yogurt and thin with water. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt, pepper, smoked paprika and cumin. Serve with the couscous or add a dollop to the potaufeu.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [], title: Garlic Yogurt, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 45679: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter and flour a 9inch springform pan, tapping out any excess flour. Set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the eggs and sugar until thick and lemoncolored, about 3 minutes. Add the butter, oil, milk, and vanilla extract, and mix until blended.nSift the flour, baking powder, and salt into a large bowl. Add the lemon and orange zests, and toss to coat the zests with flour. Spoon the mixture into the bowl of batter and stir with a wooden spoon until thoroughly blended. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and mix once more. Set aside for 10 minutes to allow the flour to absorb the liquids.nStir about 34 of the grapes into the batter. Spoon the batter into the prepared cake pan and smooth out the top with a spatula.nPlace the pan in the center of the oven. Bake for 15 minutes, then sprinkle the top of the cake with the remaining grapes. Bake until the top is a deep golden brown and the cake feels quite firm when pressed with a fingertip, about 40 minutes more, for a total baking time of 55 minutes. Remove to a rack to cool. After 10 minutes, run a knife along the sides of the pan. Release and remove the side of the springform pan, leaving the cake on the pan base. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar just before serving. Serve at room temperature, cut into thin wedges., ingredients: [Butter and flour, for preparing the cake pan, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch of sea salt, 1 lemon, zest grated, 1 orange, zest grated, 10 ounces small, fresh purple grapes, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Wine Makers Grape Cake, picturelink: null}, 45680: {instructions: Combine the cream cheese, shredded Cheddar, and diced jalapenos with a mixer. Chill the cheese mixture in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nMake a paste by stirring the flour and water together. This will be used to glue the spring roll wrapper closed.nDivide the cheese mixture into 8 even pieces. With your hands, roll each piece into a log shape then wrap each in a spring roll wrapper. To roll in the wrapper, lay a wrapper on the counter with 1 corner pointing toward you. Place the cheese log near that corner. Wrap that corner around the cheese and roll the whole thing up until the cheese log is level with the 2sided corner. At this point fold both side corners to the center. Continue to roll it up until almost to the final corner. Use your finger to paint some of the flour paste on that corner. Finish rolling to seal the corner to the roll. Let spring rolls rest for about 10 minutes while the oil is heating.nFill a large heavy Dutch oven no more than halfway full with peanut oil. Heat the oil to 375 degrees F.nWhen the oil reaches temperature, gently slip a few of the spring rolls in the oil. Fry for about 2 minutes or until the wrapper is golden brown. When the spring rolls are done, lift them out of the oil with a slotted spoon or spatula and let them drain on a cooling rack over a sheet pan. Repeat with remaining spring rolls. Allow to cool for 10 minutes before eating., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 3 jalapeno peppers, seeded and diced, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1ounce water, 8 spring roll wrappers, Peanut oil, for frying], title: Jalapeno Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 45681: {instructions: Chop all veggies for hash. Pierce potatoes with a fork and cook on high in microwave 5 minutes. Remove potatoes from microwave oven and cool for 5 minutes.nWhile potatoes are working, add chopped bacon to a large skillet over medium high heat and brown until crisp. Remove to paper towels to drain, wipe pan and return to heat.nPreheat your broiler to high. Preheat a nonstick griddle pan for frying eggs over medium heat.nChop or wedge potatoes. Add oil to the skillet which you returned to the heat, then potatoes. Begin to brown and crisp potatoes, 2 minutes on each side. Use this time to chop your salsa ingredients.nCombine salsa in a small bowl and season with salt.nBack to the hash: add the mushrooms to potatoes. Brown mushrooms a minute or 2, then add peppers and onions and season mixture with grill seasoning blend or salt and pepper, then hot sauce. Cook 3 to 5 minutes longer until veggies are just tender and potatoes are cooked through. Turn off heat and add bacon back to the pan. Combine bacon with the veggies then add cheese to the pan to evenly cover the mixture. Tent the skillet with foil to gently melt cheese over vegetables and potatoes and to retain heat.nAdd a couple pats, 12 tablespoon butter, to preheated griddle pan. Crack extra large eggs on to griddle and fry to desired doneness. Eggs may, of course, be scrambled as well. As you likenPlace thick cut bread under broiler and toast 6 inches from heat on both sides. Place 2 tablespoons butter in a small cup with a clove of garlic and ground cayenne pepper or a few drops of hot sauce. Melt in microwave for 30 seconds.nBrush toast with garlic cayenne butter and sprinkle with parsley. Remove from broiler.nTransfer vegetable and bacon hash to plates. Top each portion with a single fried egg or arrange the fried eggs evenly over the platter. Serve with Texas garlic toast and serve the salsa on the side to compliment either menu item., ingredients: [12 medium sized mushrooms, quartered, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 12 medium red onion, chopped, 8 small red potatoes, 3 slices applewood or hickory smoked bacon, chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning or coarse salt and pepper, Hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, to your taste, 2 cups, 8 ounces, shredded sharp Cheddar, pepper jack or smoked Cheddar cheese, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 4 extra large eggs, 4 thick cut slices bread, 1 to 1 12 inches thick, white, wheat or crusty farmhouse, 1 clove garlic, cracked away from skins, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper or several drops hot sauce recommended: Tabasco Chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Yellow Tomato Salsa: Any flavor or variety of store bought salsa that you may have in your pantry is a fine substitute here as well, 3 medium or 2 large yellow tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 12 medium red onion, finely chopped, 1 serrano or jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons cilantro or parsley leaves, chopped, Salt], title: Cowboy Hash and Eggs, Texas Toast and Salsa, picturelink: null}, 45682: {instructions: In a large pot with a lid, heat up the extravirgin olive oil and add the red onion and chili pepper, and let cook together until soft. Add the totani, and let cook for about a minute on medium heat, stirring continuously to avoid sticking.nSqueeze the cherry tomatoes with your fingers to remove the seeds and add to the pot. To avoid a mess of seeds and juices, squeeze the cherry tomatoes submerged in a bowl of water. Season with salt. Lower the heat, cover the pot, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the tubetti pasta in boiling salted water until al dent, about 8 minutes. Drain the pasta, saving some of the pasta water. Add the pasta to the large pot along with a little pasta water, and cook for a few more seconds allowing all the flavors to come together.nLastly, add the parsley and finely chopped garlic to maximize the intensity of the flavors. Stir well and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 1 chili pepper, chopped, 12 pound totani flying squid, cleaned, cut into strips see Cooks Note, 8 cherry tomatoes, 1 pound tubetti pasta, Small bunch fresh Italian parsley, finely chopped, 12 clove garlic, finely chopped], title: Totani E Tubetti: Squid and Tubetti Pasta, picturelink: null}, 45683: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring the garlic and oil to a boil, then turn the heat to low and cook uncovered for 5 minutes, or until the garlic is lightly browned. Turn off the heat and set aside. The garlic will continue to cook in the oil.nMeanwhile, place the potatoes in a large pot of salted water, bring to a boil, and cook for 15 to 20 minutes, until the potatoes are very tender. With a slotted spoon, remove the potatoes from the water, reserving the cooking water, and remove the garlic from the oil, reserving the oil.nProcess the potatoes and garlic through a food mill fitted with the medium disk. Add the reserved olive oil, 2 teaspoons of salt, the pepper, cream, and 34 cup of the cooking water to the potatoes and mix with a wooden spoon. Add more cooking water, if necessary, until the potatoes are creamy but still firm. Season, to taste, and serve hot., ingredients: [12 cup garlic cloves, peeled about 1 head, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and quartered, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup heavy cream, halfandhalf, or creme fraiche], title: Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: BEzpbEj9rur73JCJji4DLgWkOLPCWVG}, 45684: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place onions, cut side up, on baking sheet. Sprinkle with sea salt. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until onions collapse. Remove from oven when done. Wrap individual portions of fish in plastic wrap. Put water in a pan, enough to cover fish, and bring to 160 degrees. Place fish in water and poach until done, about 15 minutes. For caviar sauce, bring 2 tablespoons water to boil in small saucepan. At boil, add butter in small amounts, whisking continuously. Continue to add butter in small portions until all has been added. Whisk until sauce is creamy. Remove from heat. Add lemon zest and caviar, gently fold in, being careful not to break caviar eggs. Place red onion in center of plate. Place unwrapped fish on onion. Spoon caviar butter over top of fish. Garnish with chive points., ingredients: [2 red onions, peeled and cut in half, Sea salt, 4 6ounce striped bass fillets, skinned and deboned, 2 tablespoons water, 12 pound unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 2 lemons, zested, 2 ounces Sevruga caviar, 12 chives tips 4inches in length], title: Striped Bass with Caviar and Lemon Zest, picturelink: null}, 45685: {instructions: Special equipment: Three 6inch cake pans A plastic piping bag A multiopening decorating tip such as Wilton 233 optional Toothpicks A black edible marker or black candies and edible pink luster dust optionalnFor the moist vanilla cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease three 6inch cake pans with the butter. Combine the flour, granulated sugar, dry milk and baking powder in a large bowl. Mix well with a whisk until the dry ingredients are combined. While mixing on low with an electric mixer, add the oil, sour cream, vanilla extract and eggs. Lastly, add the instant pudding while simultaneously adding the warm water. Beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Divide the batter among the prepared pans and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, 22 to 25 minutes. Allow the cakes to cool to room temperature before moving on. For the buttercream frosting: Beat the butter for a few minutes on medium speed, preferably using a stand mixer with the paddle attachment. On slow speed, gradually add the confectioners sugar 1 to 2 cups at a time, allowing each batch of sugar to incorporate with the butter before adding the next. Use less confectioners sugar for a slightly more buttery, looser frosting, or more confectioners sugar for a slightly sweeter, stiffer frosting. Increase the speed to medium and add the vanilla extract, cream and salt. Beat for an additional 3 minutes. To decorate: Before you start, fill a plastic piping bag with frosting. If you have a multiopening decorating tip, insert that into the end of the piping bag before adding the frosting. If not, just cut a very small hole at the end of the bag to allow the air to escape as you fill it. Tie the bag with a rubber band to close. Add the leftover frosting to a bowl. Since you will need only 2 of your 3 cakes to start, set 1 cake aside for later. Step 1: Cut 2 of the cakes in half from top to bottom to make 4 halfcircles. Leave 2 of the halfcircle pieces as is and carve the rounded top off the other 2 pieces using a serrated knife to make them level. Step 2: Set the pieces together on a cake plate cutsides down with the 2 level pieces in the center and the rounded pieces at each end with the rounded sides facing outward. With a spatula, add a light layer of frosting in between each piece. Step 3: Next, frost the entire cake. Dont worry about frosting it perfectly, as this layer will be covered up with more frosting later. Place the cake in the fridge to allow the frosting to set for at least 15 minutes. Step 4: While your cake is setting, use a serrated knife to carve off the darker thin exterior layer from the reserved third cake so that the cake is an even lighter color all around. Put the cake in a bowl and mix with a fork until it turns into fine crumbs. Add 2 to 3 large spoonfuls of frosting to the crumbs and continue to mix. Make sure you add enough frosting so that the mixture is pliable and able to be molded without crumbling. To test this, form a ball with the mixture in your hands. If it cracks, you need to add more frosting. Step 5: With your hands, mold the following: 1 large, rounded oval shape the head, 2 small, pointed oval pieces the ears and 4 small oval pieces the legs. Step 6: Attach the leg pieces to the body of the lamb, 2 at the front and 1 at each side. Use a small dab of frosting to secure the pieces in place.nNext, add a dollop of frosting to the back of the head and place it atop the cake, positioning the head at an angle. Add 2 toothpicks to the head piece to help hold it in place. Add a small dab of frosting on each side of the head for the ear pieces. If your head doesnt feel stable atop the body, add a thin layer of frosting around the side of the head for extra reinforcement. Place the cake back in the fridge for at least 10 minutes to allow the molded pieces to set into the frosting. Step 7: Next, pipe the frosting for the hair onto the cake, covering the body of the lamb and adding frosting around the top of the head. Use short, quick motions to pipe 14inchlong sections of frosting onto the cake. You want your frosting to be semistiff. If the frosting becomes too warm, it can start to appear a bit runny. If this happens, just place your piping bag back in the fridge for a few minutes to allow it to cool. Step 8: Use a toothpick to add facial details. Use a black edible marker or 2 small black candies for the eyes. If you have it, use just a touch of edible pink luster dust for the cheeks and any other accents youd like., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the cake pans, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup nonfat dry milk, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, One 3.4ounce package instant vanilla pudding, 12 cup warm water, 3 cups 6 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 8 to 10 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 teaspoon table salt], title: Easter Lamb Cake, picturelink: Ri8Uqfo.6g1DHMZBhEIRWrqCqfBUzCK}, 45686: {instructions: Special equipment: wooden skewersnCombine marinade ingredients in a shallow pan or bowl. Add beef and marinate, in the refrigerator, for 1 to 3 hours. Meanwhile, soak wooden skewers in water for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Skewer the meat and then grill for 2 to 3 minutes or until the desired degree of doneness. Serve with peanut sauce.nHeat peanut oil in a saute pan over low heat. Add garlic and sweat cook until it softens and releases moisture but does not color over low heat until fragrant, approximately 1 minute. Add the chile peppers and continue to cook for another minute. Add remaining ingredients and bring to a simmer. Adjust the consistency with additional water, if necessary., ingredients: [1 cup peanut oil, 3 stalks lemongrass, crushed, 12 teaspoon crushed dried chile peppers, 2 12 tablespoons Thai curry powder, 1 12 tablespoons honey, 1 12 tablespoons fish sauce can be purchased at most grocery stores, 3 pounds beef top round or flank, cut into 12inch thick strips, Peanut Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 6 slices chile pepper, minced, 1 cup peanut butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup lime juice, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon finely chopped lemongrass, 12 ounces water], title: Beef Satay with Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45687: {instructions: Lay 1 sheet of pie dough on a lightly floured surface. Lightly beat 1 egg and brush some on the dough, then place the second sheet of pie dough directly on top. Roll out the double layer of dough into a 12inch round. Ease into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp with your fingers or a fork. Brush the edge with more beaten egg. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the crust with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until lightly golden around the edge, about 15 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until the bottom of the crust is dry, about 5 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Roughly chop the cranberries and combine with 34 cup granulated sugar and the lemon zest in a large bowl. Spread in the cooled crust. Whisk the remaining 2 eggs, the heavy cream, flour and the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar in a bowl until smooth pour over the cranberries.nBake until the filling is set and slightly puffed, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 14ounce box refrigerated pie dough 2 sheets, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 large eggs, 1 12ounce bag cranberries, slightly thawed if frozen, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 23 cup heavy cream, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Cranberry Custard Pie, picturelink: rzFDuT48WWiZsB0wFuu78oe0va6m2zu}, 45688: {instructions: Place 2 small scoops of ice cream coffee, chocolate or vanilla in a coffee cup, then pour in a shot of espresso or 3 tablespoons strong brewed coffee. Top with shaved dark chocolate and chopped hazelnuts.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Affogato, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 45689: {instructions: Soak the corn husks in a bowl of hot water, using a plate to keep them submerged, until pliable, 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the dough: Mix the masa harina and 1 teaspoon salt in the bowl of a stand mixer. Add 10 tablespoons butter and 34 cup warm water and mix with the paddle attachment until combined. Add the granulated sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, the almond and vanilla extracts and ground cinnamon mix until combined, about 1 more minute. Cover and refrigerate.nMake the filling: Simmer 12 cup water and the cinnamon stick in a saucepan until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Melt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons brown sugar and cook, stirring to dissolve, about 1 minute. Add the pineapple, honey and cinnamon water, including the cinnamon stick cook, stirring, until the mixture is almost dry, about 5 minutes.nRemove the pan from the heat. Add the rum, then return to medium heat. Tilt the pan so the rum ignites or hold a lit match near the sauce to ignite it. Cook until the pineapple is slightly caramelized, about 3 minutes. Stir in the pecans set aside to cool.nDrain the husks and pat dry. Tear each husk lengthwise into a 3 12inchwide piece. Tear some of the excess husks into 18 thin strips for ties reserve the husk scraps. Lay the 3 12inchwide husks on a clean surface. Starting 12 inch from the wide end, spread 1 tablespoon of the dough down a husk, leaving a 12inch border on the sides. Spoon 1 tablespoon of the pineapple filling down the center of the dough. Roll lengthwise into a tight cylinder. Fold up the narrow end tie with a strip of corn husk to secure. Repeat with the remaining husks, dough and filling.nSet a steamer basket in a large pot filled with 1 to 2 inches of water. Set a small bowl upside down in the basket, then arrange the tamales standing up in the steamer, foldedside down, leaning against the bowl. Cover with husk scraps, then lay a damp kitchen towel on top. Bring the water to a boil over mediumhigh heat, cover and steam until the tamales pull away from the husks, about 40 minutes. Remove from the steamer and let cool slightly before unwrapping.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [18 dried corn husks, 2 cups masa harina instant corn flour, Kosher salt, 14 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and finely diced, 2 teaspoons honey, 14 cup coconut rum, 14 cup pecans, toasted and chopped], title: Pineapple, Pecan and CoconutRum Tamales, picturelink: 2FTPnYfleE.hHZDIDdOd.8l.6m8OWI.}, 45690: {instructions: DRINK: Fill martini shaker to the top with ice. Mix all ingredients together in shaker. Serve chilled and up in a martini glass.nSYRUP: Pour boiling water over sugar. Mash up blueberries until all the juice is extracted. Pour warm sugar syrup over mashed berries. Chill, ingredients: [1 cup blueberry syrup with crushed berries, 14 cup undiluted orange juice concentrate, 12 cup sprite, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup boiling water, 12 pint fresh blueberries], title: Blueberry Smash, picturelink: null}, 45691: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 6cup loaf pan and line it with parchment or waxed paper. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, and salt.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter. Add 1 cup of the sugar and mix. With the mixer running at low speed, add the eggs one at a time. Add the vanilla.nWorking in alternating batches, and mixing after each addition, add the dry ingredients and 14 cup of the lemon juice to the butter mixture. Mix until just smooth.nPour into the prepared pan and bake until raised in the center and a tester inserted into the center comes out dry and almost clean a few crumbs are OK, 65 to 75 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the glaze: In a small bowl, stir together the remaining 13 cup sugar and the remaining 13 cup lemon juice until the sugar is dissolved.nWhen the cake is done, let cool in the pan 15 minutes it will still be warm. Run a knife around the sides of the pan. Set a wire rack on a sheet pan with sides to catch the glaze and turn the cake out onto the rack. Peel off the waxed paper.nUsing a turkey baster or pastry brush, spread glaze all over the top and sides of the cake and let soak in. Repeat until the entire glaze is used up, including any glaze that has dripped through onto the sheet pan. Let cool at room temperature or, wrapped in plastic wrap, in the refrigerator Well wrapped, the cake will last up to a week. Serve at room temperature, in thin slices., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, softened at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, plus 13 cup, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 14 cup lemon juice, plus 13 cup], title: Lemon Pound Cake, picturelink: 4utrgKWe6FQpyCawf1u7T06LVRLdpEq}, 45692: {instructions: Put everything except the olive oil into a food processor and process until mostly smooth. Add the olive oil in a stream with the processor running and process until smooth. Let stand at room temperature for at least 1 hour for the flavors to blend. Taste and adjust seasoning. Serve sauce at room temperature with meats, fish, or vegetable chips. If made in advance, store, covered, in the refrigerator, but bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 medium onion, roughly chopped, 2 green peppers, seeded, deveined, and roughly chopped, 2 ripe avocados, peeled and seeded, 2 cloves garlic, 12 bunch fresh parsley leaves, 12 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon salt, or to taste, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup olive oil], title: Guasacaca Sauce, picturelink: s4y9DwpRAhHtutPAAjzzMCYRlZEyJ82}, 45693: {instructions: Dice the kidneys, having removed the white core and sweat in the butter with the shiitake mushrooms. Add the shallots and allow to brown, then add the port. Boil fiercely for 1 minute and then add the kidney mixture. When the port has almost evaporated, tip into a bowl and toss with the spinach. Add the egg and combine. Season the saddle of lamb and spread the inside of the meat with the Dijon mustard, salt and pepper. Spread the stuffing around, reform the saddle and tie. Roast in a prheated 425 degree oven for 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to rest for 15 minutes before slicing. Carve and serve with the red wine sauce.nPlace all ingredients in a sauce pot and reduce until the sauce coats the back of a spoon. Strain the sauce and serve over the lamb., ingredients: [4 lambs kidneys, 3 12 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup shiitake mushrooms, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 3 12 ounces Port, 3 cups fresh spinach, cooked and wrung out, 1 egg beaten, 1 5 pound lamb saddle, boned, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 12 ounces olive oil, Fresh chervil, to garnish, Red wine jus recipe follows, 7 ounces Port, 1 bottle red wine, 1 clove garlic, cut in half, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 bunch parsley stems, 4 tomatoes, chopped, 3 black peppercorns], title: Saddle of Lamb Stuffed with Spinach, Kidneys and Red Wine Jus, picturelink: null}, 45694: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan, bring the sugar and water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Cool for 20 minutes.nPour the cooled syrup into a blender. Add the yogurt, raspberries, apple juice, vanilla, and ice. Blend until the mixture is smooth and thick.nPour into glasses and serve., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 1 cup plain Greek yogurt, 1 cup frozen raspberries, 12 cup apple juice or cider, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups ice], title: RaspberryVanilla Smoothie, picturelink: Wo3GlYHOgq4p2jndfLn9n4bVgF7Y5K}, 45695: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the sausages and cook, turning once, until golden, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the wine, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the skillet. Add the grapes and spread the mixture into an even layer. Cover and continue to cook until the sausages are cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove the sausages to a plate cover with foil to keep warm.nIncrease the heat to high and continue cooking the grapes until they burst and the sauce is reduced, about 12 minutes. Mash the grapes slightly with a fork if theyu00bfre not bursting. Remove from the heat and stir in the vinegar season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, bring the milk and 2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Whisk in the polenta and thyme. Reduce the heat to low and cook, whisking often, until the polenta thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the fontina until smooth season with salt and pepper.nStir the parsley into the grape sauce and slice the sausages. Top the polenta with the sausages, grape sauce and more parsley.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 sweet Italian sausages about 4 ounces each, 6 cloves garlic, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 12 pounds seedless red grapes 5 to 6 cups, 12 to 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups whole milk, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped, 1 cup grated fontina cheese about 3 ounces, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more for topping], title: Sausages and Grapes with Cheesy Polenta, picturelink: jEVrV9LgoJAmxoYTnjitTxL1GGLa}, 45696: {instructions: Put the beans, ham hock, belly pork rib, blood pudding, and chorizo into a pot and cover with water. Skim as the water comes to the boil and cook for 1 hour or until the beans are almost tender.nCut up the cabbage quite finely. Drain.nRemove the meat bones returning any shreds of meat to the pot and slice the sausages. Season with plenty of black pepper and salt to taste. Add the cabbage and potatoes, and more liquid if necessary to cover them comfortably. Simmer until the potatoes are tender and check the seasoning. If your chorizos are not very spicy, you could add some paprika. Serve in big bowls with country bread., ingredients: [9 ounces white beans, soaked overnight, 7 ounces ham hock, soaked for 1 hour, 5 ounces belly pork rib, on the bone, 5 ounces belly pork rib, cubed, 3 fresh mercillos or other blood pudding, 2 or 3 chorizo sausages, 1 12 pounds dark green cabbage, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound potatoes, Pinch paprika, optional], title: Asturian Bean and Sausage Soup, picturelink: null}, 45697: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Brush both sides of chicken breast with olive oil. Sprinkle Mrs. Dashu00ae Fiesta Lime Seasoning on both sides.n2. Bake chicken for 25 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.n3. While chicken is baking, dice the tomato, mango, and red onion. Combine with Mrs. Dashu00ae Fiesta Lime and mix in a large bowl, cover and refrigerate.n4. Arrange chicken on serving plates topped with mango salsa., ingredients: [4 Boneless skinless chicken breast, 4 tsp Mrs. Dashu00ae Fiesta Lime Seasoning Blend, Olive oil, 1 large Tomato, diced, 1 medium Mango, peeled, seeded, diced, 12 small Red Onion, diced, 2 tsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Fiesta Lime Seasoning], title: Chicken with Mango Salsa, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 45698: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the water, salt, and sugar in a large soup pot over high heat, stirring, until the salt and sugar has dissolved. Cool to room temperature then submerge the turkey breast in the brine. Refrigerate for 4 to 8 hours.nRemove the turkey from the brine and discard the brine. Pat the turkey breast dry and set aside. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Brush the turkey breast all over with the butter. Season generously all over with salt and pepper. Put the turkey breast side up in a roasting pan. Roast for 2 to 2 hours and 45 minutes or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 170 or 175 degrees F. Transfer the turkey to a cutting board and tent loosely with foil for 30 minutes. The breast temperature will continue to rise to 180 degrees F as it rests.nPour any pan drippings into a degreasing cup or small bowl. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the fat discarding the rest and add the separated juices to the stock. Add the reserved fat to the roasting pan and place on a burner over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot, garlic, rosemary, thyme, and bay leaf, season with salt and pepper. Cook until shallot is tender, about 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, make a paste with the butter and flour in a small bowl, set aside. Add the broth and scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Bring to a boil and whisk in the flour mixture. Boil until sauce thickens to make a gravy, about 4 to 5 minutes. Adjust seasoning, to taste. Remove and discard the garlic and bay leaf. Serve.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 gallon water, 1 cup kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 6 to 7 pound turkey breast, on the bone, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 shallot, minced, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 sprig rosemary, minced about 1 tablespoon, 1 sprig thyme leaves, minced about 1 teaspoon, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth], title: Turkey Breast with Gravy, picturelink: fQwCHTW5couRp1wQXLbjKJSiEcNxMTa}, 45699: {instructions: Simmer the broccoli and half the onion in the water or stock for 15 minutes or until tender. Add the peas and simmer 5 minutes longer just to cook through. As you are simmering, be sure to keep the level of the water constant so that it does not evaporate too much. When the vegetables are tender, puree the mixture vegetables and liquid through a food mill or blender. If you puree it with a food processor or a blender, pass the puree through a sieve to remove any tough bits.nIn a clean saucepan heat the butter. Add the remaining onion and cook for 5 minutes, over low heat or until very tender but not brown. Add the flour and cook for a few seconds. Whisk in the strained puree, bring to a boil and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring on occasion to make sure the flour does not stick to the bottom of the saucepan. Gradually add the half and half or evaporated milk and adjust it to the texture you like. Bring the liquid to just to under a boil season to taste with salt and pepper. Ladle out and garnish with chives if you wish., ingredients: [1 pound broccoli florets, stalks peeled finely chopped, 1 8 ounces onion, finely chopped, 1 quart water or chicken broth, 1 cup frozen petite peas, thawed, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 cups half and half or evaporated low fat or skimmed milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Snipped chives for garnish], title: Cream of Broccoli and Pea Soup, picturelink: null}, 45700: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant and tender, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, thyme, parsley, and wine. Increase the heat to medium and simmer until most of the liquid evaporates, about 8 minutes. In a small bowl, season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Add the shrimp to the skillet and saute until just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool in a small bowl.nPosition 1 oven rack in the center and the second rack on the bottom of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F.nLine 2 heavy large baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll out each piece of pizza dough into a 7inchdiameter floured round. Sprinkle half of the mozzarella over the lower half of each pizza dough, dividing equally and leaving a 1inch border. Spoon the shrimp mixture over the cheese. Sprinkle the remaining cheese over the shrimp mixture. Brush the edge of the dough with egg wash. Fold the plain dough halves over the filling, forming half circles. Pinch the edges of dough firmly together and crimp to seal.nTransfer the calzones to the 2 prepared sheets. Bake until the calzones puff and become golden brown, about 12 to 15 minutes. Brush extravirgin olive oil over calzones and serve.nMix the warm water and yeast in a small bowl to blend. Let stand until the yeast dissolves, about 5 minutes. Mix the flour and salt in a food processor to blend. Blend in the oil. With the machine running, add the yeast mixture and blend just until the dough forms. Turn the dough out onto lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer the dough to a large oiled bowl and turn the dough to coat with the oil. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm draftfree area until the dough doubles in volume, about 1 hour. Punch the down dough and form into ball. The dough can be used immediately or stored airtight in the refrigerator for 1 day.nYield: 1 16ounce ball of pizza doughnPrep Time: 10 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 1 hour, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup canned chopped tomatoes in juice, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 pound uncooked large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 4ounce pieces of purchased or homemade pizza dough, recipe follows, 3 cups shredded mozzarella, 1 large egg, beaten to blend for egg wash, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 2 teaspoons active dry yeast, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for bowl], title: Mini Shrimp Calzones, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 45701: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: an immersion blender or singlebeater electric hand mixernCut a hole slightly smaller than the top of a plastic cup on top of the watermelon and remove the skin. Using an immersion blender or a singlebeater electric hand mixer, push the blender in the hole, breaking down the flesh inside the melon until it starts to have a liquid consistency. Add the tequila and lime juice and blend to combine until you have an even, smooth consistency. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 small watermelon, 12 cup tequila, 1 lime, juiced], title: Watermelon Margarita Hack, picturelink: rnxI7l3r266CslQ67fJhuDWHB1.uNQS}, 45702: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeparate the turkey legs from the breast, keeping the backbone intact and the legs still attached in the center. Cut the remaining backbone piece from the breast and save use it in the roasting pan when you cook the turkey. Peel the carrots and onions and roughly chop. Roughly chop the celery. Cut the apples in quarters and remove the cores. Place 13 of the vegetables and apples in a container large enough to accommodate the turkey with the vegetables and apples. Season the turkey inside and out with salt and pepper. Rub the cider vinegar into the turkey. Place the breast into the container and top with 13 of the vegetables and apples. Add the legs and top with the remaining vegetables and apples. Place in the refrigerator and let marinate overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the turkey from the refrigerator 1 hour before cooking so the turkey can come to room temperature. Place the vegetables and apples into the bottom of a roasting pan. Place the legs, skin side up, on top of the vegetables, being sure there is room to add the breast later. Put the legs in the oven to cook first, about 1 hour 45 minutes.nWhile the legs are cooking, make the Herb Compound Duck Fat. Place the cold duck fat in the bowl of a standing mixer with a paddle attachment. Add all the chopped herbs and lemon zest. Add the salt and pepper and mix for 1 minute until herbs are evenly dispersed. Place the duck fatherb mixture in a thick line along the long side of an 18inch long piece of plastic wrap. Roll into a tube, twist the ends until tight, and then place in the refrigerator to set but not get hard, 30 to 40 minutes.nSlide your hand underneath the skin on top of the turkey breast to separate the skin from the breast. Cut one of the ends off the duck fat tube. Squeeze half of the mixture under the skin on top of one of the breasts and the remaining onto the other breast.nAfter the legs have cooked, place the thyme and rosemary in the roasting pan. Place the breast on top of the herbs. Roast until both the legs and breast reach an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 2 hours and 30 minutes longer. Once you remove the bird from the oven, let it rest for 15 minutes before cutting it. Now dig in and have a great day., ingredients: [One 20 to 22pound organic turkey, 2 carrots, 2 onions, 3 stalks celery, 4 Granny Smith apples, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 bunch fresh rosemary, 2 12 cups cold duck fat, 14 cup fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh sage leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 3 fresh bay leaves, chopped, 1 lemon, zested, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt], title: Countdown 6 Roasted Thanksgiving Turkey, My Way, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 45703: {instructions: Special equipment: a large pastry bag and 12inch wide star tipnFor the churros: Adjust the oven racks to the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nBring 4 tablespoons of the butter, 1 tablespoon of the sugar, the salt and 12 cup of water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and stir constantly until the mixture forms a ball. Transfer to a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer on mediumlow until the dough is cool to the touch. Add the eggs one at a time and beat until incorporated. Transfer to a large pastry bag fitted with a 12inch wide star tip.nPipe the batter into 2inch lengths about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until golden brown, rotating the trays from top to bottom about halfway through, 15 to 18 minutes. Let sit on the baking sheets for a few minutes.nMelt the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter in a medium microwavesafe bowl. Toss 14 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon together in another medium bowl. Working in small batches, dip the churros completely in the melted butter and let any excess drip off, then toss in the cinnamonsugar until completely coated. Once the cinnamonsugar mixture is too wet to coat, mix together a fresh batch with the remaining 14 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon. The churros can be baked and coated 1 day ahead of time and stored at room temperature in an airtight container.nFor the caramelmango sauce: Bring, the sugar, salt and 14 cup of water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Continue to cook, swirling the saucepan occasionally but not stirring, until the mixture turns a medium caramel color slightly darker than honey, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the mango and butter take care, the mixture will bubble. Let the mixture cool for a few minutes in the saucepan, then transfer to a food processor and process until smooth. Keep refrigerated until ready to use. The caramelmango sauce can be made a day ahead. Serve the churros with the caramelmango sauce for dipping., ingredients: [12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, Large pinch fine salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Churros:, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 cup sugar, Pinch fine salt, 12 cup fresh or frozen and thawed mango chunks about 12inch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Baked Mini Churro Bites, picturelink: aUF7EeaQ3M5Cn1T.wUbnogZbWHeqsqu}, 45704: {instructions: Roll the puff pastry 14inch thick and pierce it all over with the tines of a fork. Line a flan ring with the pastry and chill the ring for 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine the flan ring with parchment paper or coffee filters and fill the shell with pie weights. Bake the pastry shell for about 25 minutes, or until the pastry is golden brown. Remove the shell from the oven and let cool to room temperature. Remove the pie weights.nDistribute the fruit evenly over the bottom of the shell, then pour in the Creme Brulee. Smooth the top with a longbladed spatula.nJust before serving, heat a caramel iron on the burner of a stove. Sprinkle the sugar evenly over the top and carefully caramelize the sugar with the hot iron. Alternately, place the tart under a hot broiler, near the heat, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the sugar caramelizes. Or use a small blow torch to caramelize the sugar.nIn a large metal bowl set over a bain marie, whisk the egg yolks and sugar together until the mixture is light and thick enough to form a ribbon. This takes quite a long time be strong and patient. Remove from the heat.nCarefully whisk in the cream. Add the vanilla bean. Place the bowl back over the bain marie and cook slowly for about 45 minutes, stirring frequently. Take care that the water does not boil. The custard will be done when the mixture adheres to your fingers without dripping.nWhen the custard is done, remove from the heat and whisk in the butter, a little at a time, until all of it has been incorporated. Strain through a fine strainer into a bowl. Chill at least 6 hours or overnight., ingredients: [12 pound puff pastry, 12 to 34 cup fruit, such as sliced strawberries, apricots, ripe pears, raspberries, or blueberries a mixture is nice, Creme Brulee, recipe follows, 14 cup sugar, 6 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened], title: Creme Brulee Tart, picturelink: null}, 45705: {instructions: Put the egg yolk, seafood seasoning, mustard, lemon zest and juice, and vinegar in the bowl of a food processor or a blender and process until smooth. Gradually pour in the oil with the machine running until the mixture emulsifies and forms a mayonnaise. Season with the salt and pepper. Note: this quantity of mayonnaise will not emulsify in the bowl of the largest size food processor. Use a medium size food processor, a mini processor, or a blender.nTransfer the mayonnaise to a bowl and, using a rubber spatula, fold in the scallions and the crabmeat until well combined. Combine the bread crumbs and the parsley in a shallow container. Form the crab mixture into 8 patties about 3inches wide and 34inch thick and drop them into the bread crumbparsley mixture. Dredge the crab cakes on both sides. If you have time, leave the crab cakes in the container of bread crumbs, cover with plastic wrap, and chill for 1 hour or more.nWhen you are ready to fry the crab cakes, put 2 large nonstick skillets over medium heat. Add about 2 tablespoons butter to each pan. When the butter is melted, add 4 crab cakes to each pan, patting off excess crumbs first. Slowly fry the crab cakes over medium heat until they are golden brown on both sides and hot through, turning once with a spatula, about 4 minutes per side. If the crab cakes are browning too quickly, reduce the heat. The internal temperature of a cooked crab cake should be 155 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nTransfer the crab cakes to plates, 2 per person, and serve with your choice of sauce and lemon wedges.n1 cup ketchup or chili sauce recommended: Heinzn1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons prepared horseradishn2 dashes hot sauce recommended: Tabascon1 lemon, juicedn1 teaspoon Worcestershire saucenCombine all the ingredients in a small bowl.nYield: about 1 cupn8 ounces tomatillos, husked and cut into quartersn2 tablespoons rice wine vinegarn1 tablespoon sugarn2 teaspoons green hot sauce recommended: Tabascon1 teaspoon chopped garlicn1 teaspoon mustard seeds, toastedn1 teaspoon peeled and grated fresh horseradishnPut the tomatillos in the bowl of a food processor and process until coarsely pureed. Remove the tomatillo puree to a sieve, drain off the liquid and discard. Put the drained puree in a bowl and stir in the vinegar, sugar, hot sauce, garlic, mustard seeds, and horseradish.nYield: 23 cup, ingredients: [1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay Seasoning, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons cider vinegar, 12 cup peanut or canola oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced scallions, both white and green parts, 1 pound lump blue crabmeat, drained and picked clean of shell, 4 cups fresh bread crumbs, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, About 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Red Cocktail Sauce or Green Cocktail Sauce, recipes follow, 4 lemon wedges], title: Chesapeake Bay Classic Crab Cakes, picturelink: nmQ73WPYIK6TZ6vq0HBjAQS3wG2KVHW}, 45706: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the marinade: In a blender, combine the olive oil, chili powder, Worcestershire, cumin, red pepper flakes, garlic and lime juice. Next add the sugar, salt and pepper and blend the marinade until its totally combined and smooth.nFor the meat: Place the chicken and beef in separate 2quart baking dishes or large resealable plastic storage bags. Pour the marinade over the chicken and beef and rub the marinade all over the meat. Give your hands a good wash, and then cover the dishes with plastic wrap and let them marinate in the fridge for 4 to 6 hours.nFor the pico de gallo: Chop the tomatoes, jalapenos and onion into a very small dice. Leave the seeds in your jalapenos for a hotter pico. Adjust the amount of jalapenos to your preferred temperature. Next, chop up a nicesized bunch of cilantro. Just remove and discard the long leafless stems before chopping. No need to remove the leaves from the stems completely. Place all of these ingredients together in a bowl and give it a good stir. Squeeze the juice of half a lime into the bowl. Add salt to taste and stir again.nFor the fajita vegetables: Throw the onions and bell peppers into a bowl and toss with the olive oil and some salt and pepper.nWhen ready to cook, preheat the grill to high heat.nCook the chicken on both sides until completely cooked through or to an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 4 minutes per side. Remove it to a platter to rest for 5 to 10 minutes.nGrill the beef on both sides until completely cooked through, about 5 minutes in total. Remove it to a platter to rest for 5 to 10 minutes.nTip the fajita vegetables into a grill basket and grill until cooked, tossing occasionally, about 10 minutes.nTo put it all together: Pile the veggies on a platter. Slice the chicken and beef.nFor the fixins: Wrap the tortillas in foil and warm through on the grill. Serve the chicken, beef and veggies with the warm tortillas, Fiesta Beans, grated cheese, sour cream, lime wedges and pico de gallo.nPlace the beans in a large bowl and cover them with cold water. Set them aside and let them soak for 5 to 6 hours or overnight.nDrain and rinse the beans, and then place them in a large pot. Add the garlic, green, orange and red bell peppers and the onions. Cover them with about an inch of water, and then add the ham hock or bacon. Next add the chili powder, cumin, salt and pepper. Stir to combine, and then bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer the beans until tender, about 2 hours. Check the liquid level about halfway through the cooking process if youd prefer the beans to be less soupy, you can ladle off about a third of the cooking liquid., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 14 cup chili powder, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Juice of 3 limes, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 3 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 3 pounds skirt steak, 5 plum Roma tomatoes, 3 jalapeno peppers, 12 large or 1 small onion, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, 12 lime, Salt, 2 medium onions, halved and sliced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips, 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 30 to 40 flour tortillas, Fiesta Beans, recipe follows, 1 pound grated Cheddar cheese, One 8ounce container sour cream, 5 limes, sliced into wedges, 2 pounds dried pinto beans, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and diced, 2 orange bell peppers, seeded and diced, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and diced, 1 onion, diced, 1 ham hock or 6 slices thickcut bacon, cut into pieces, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper], title: Chicken and Beef Fajitas, picturelink: 0zRAjLQY69GUKTNnrS8nRaKIjt9ZT6}, 45707: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Line 24 cup muffin tins with paper liners. In a large bowl whisk together the cake flour, baking powder and salt. In a standalone mixer or using a handheld electric mixer cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, mixing thoroughly after each addition. Add the vanilla and beat to combine. If making chocolate cake add the cooled, melted chocolate and mix well, then add in milk. Gradually add the flour mixture into the butter mixture and mix until just combined. Pour the batter into the prepared tins and bake for 20 minutes. Cool completely. Frost the cupcakes with the tinted frosting and sprinkle with tinted coconut for a fuzzy caterpillar. Arrange them in a curving pattern on top of a large cutting board or piece of cardboard covered with foil. Snip licorice into short lengths to form antennae and legs. Place round candies for eyes and mouth. If desired, round candies can be placed on cupcakes for a spotted caterpillar.nTinted coconut green, yellow, purple or orange, licorice shoe strings variety of colors, variety of round candies for eyes or spots., ingredients: [2 cups sifted cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup unsalted butter or margarine, softened to room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted optional, 12 cup milk, 3 cups prepared white frosting tinted with green, yellow, purple or orange food coloring], title: Creeping Caterpillar Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 45708: {instructions: Mix light and dark rum and brandy in a cocktail shaker, add lime juice and grenadine. Shake well and strain into a higball glass filled with cracked ice. Fill glass with orange juice but leave enough room to float the 151 on top. Garnish with a cherry and orange slice., ingredients: [1 oz. apricot brandy, 1 oz. light rum, 1 oz. dark or Jamaican rum, 1 oz. lime juice, 2 dashes grenadine, Orange juice, 1 oz. Bacardi 151 rum], title: Zombie Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 45709: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over moderate heat. Add the garlic and let it sizzle for about 1 minute, then add the sliced white and pale green parts of the leek and celery. Stir often while cooking until the vegetables soften, about 8 minutes. Do not let them color. Then pour the diluted stock into the saucepan and bring to a simmer.nAdd the cream to the vegetable mixture and bring to a simmer. Add the peas and return to a simmer. Adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer and cook until the peas are just tender, about 8 minutes. Add the parsley and thyme and simmer for 1 minute longer, then remove from the heat. Transfer in batches to a blender with the ascorbic acid and puree, adding more of the stockwater mixture as needed to thin the soup to a pleasing consistency. Pour soup into a bowl set in an ice bath and stir until cooled. we want to cool it down as quickly as possible Serve soup with optional garnishes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, lightly crushed, 1 12 cups sliced leek, white and pale green parts only, 34 cup diced celery, 2 14 cups chicken stock mixed with 2 14 cups water, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 12 cups shelled English peas about 4 12 pounds unshelled, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 18 teaspoon powdered ascorbic acid 1 tablet vitamin C crushed, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Creme fraiche, basil oil, finely sliced fresh chives, or prosciutto bits, optional], title: Spring Pea Soup, picturelink: 3y8v18I3mu4RMuKN5TJ3hAs4BVJOz2}, 45710: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd the Brussels sprouts, parsnips, sweet potatoes and onions to a baking sheet. Add the olive oil, sage, salt and pepper and toss. Put the sausages in and around the vegetables.nBake until the sausages are cooked through and the vegetables are tender, 40 to 45 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [1 pound trimmed whole Brussels sprouts, 3 parsnips, cut into 14inch slices, 3 sweet potatoes, cut into wedges, 2 red onions, cut into quarters, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon dried sage, Sprinkle of kosher salt, Sprinkle of freshly ground black pepper, 12 Italian sausages], title: Sheetpan Sausage Supper, picturelink: 74wy9ZByChpzFnMyAqxiWZWaJgHC.dS}, 45711: {instructions: Spread scallion cream cheese on a sundriedtomato tortilla and top with thinly sliced ham. Roll up the tortilla and cut into 12inch pieces., ingredients: [], title: Ham Pinwheels, picturelink: umO9MoHKsgbvI0V2bFWcoDWtOiMLyv.}, 45712: {instructions: Bring water to a boil in a small saucepan remove from the heat, add tea bags, and let steep 5 minutes. Remove tea bags and stir in sugar until dissolved. Transfer to a pitcher, add peach nectar, and stir to combine. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.nFill tall glasses with ice and then pour peach tea over, leaving some room at the top for the whiskey. Stir in 1 shot of whiskey to each glass and garnish with a peach slice and fresh mint sprig., ingredients: [1 quart cold water, 6 black tea bags, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups peach nectar, Your favorite whiskey recommended: Jack Daniels, Fresh peach slices, for garnish, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Whiskey Spiked Peach Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 45713: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the crab, breadcrumbs, mayonnaise, Worcestershire sauce, Creole seasoning, hot sauce, egg, lemon zest and some salt and pepper. The mixture will be slightly wet. Form into cakes using 2 tablespoons or a small ice cream scoop. Place the cakes on a rimmed baking sheet and refrigerate to chill and set, about 30 minutes.nLine a baking sheet with paper towels and set near the cooktop. Heat the canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Using an offset spatula, gently slip the chilled cakes, without crowding, into the oil. Cook until the crab cakes are golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the skillet, and transfer to the prepared plate to drain.nServe warm with a dollop of Country Remoulade and garnished with chives.nIn a bowl, combine the mayonnaise, chives, lemon juice, mustard, hot sauce, green onions, celery and garlic. Season with salt and pepper.nCover and refrigerate for 1 hour to blend the flavors. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. Serve chilled., ingredients: [1 pound lump crabmeat, picked over for cartilage, 13 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 12 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon Creole seasoning, or to taste, Dash of hot sauce, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Zest of 1 lemon, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, plus more if needed, Country Remoulade, recipe follows, for serving, Chopped chives, for garnish, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon wholegrain Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste, 2 to 3 green onions, white and pale green parts only, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, very finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Gulf Coast Crab Cakes with Country Remoulade, picturelink: X4A69rODdAgDvn.06wNvk0el8eMokba}, 45714: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the tortillas: Brush a hot griddle with oil and heat the tortillas on each side to brown them up a bit. Wrap them in foil to keep hot until its time to eat.nFor the fish: In a bowl, combine the chile powder, garlic salt, lime juice and 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Toss the mixture with the fish in a shallow container and marinate for 15 minutes.nFor the chipotle sauce: In the meantime, combine the mayonnaise, cilantro, honey, chipotles, lime juice and salt in a food processor and blend until creamy and smooth. Transfer the sauce to a container I like to store it in a squeeze bottle and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPut the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the fish and cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove to a plate and flake with a fork.nTo build each taco, spoon some fish onto 2 stacked tortillas see Cooks Note. Top with some chipotle sauce, cabbage, cilantro and Pico de Gallo.nIn a medium bowl, combine the tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, cilantro and lime juice. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Canola or vegetable oil, for brushing on the griddle, 16 white corn tortillas, 1 tablespoon chile powder, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, Juice of 1 lime, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds flaky white fish such as mahi mahi or cod, cut into 4ounce fillets, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, Juice of 1 lime, Pinch kosher salt, Shredded purple cabbage, for serving, Fresh cilantro, for serving, Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, for serving, 2 ripe large tomatoes, finely diced, 1 white onion, finely diced, 12 jalapeno, minced, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves only, minced, Juice of 12 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fish Tacos with Creamy Chipotle Sauce and Pico de Gallo, picturelink: MNOBWoRknnych.A6JNjIszDligOG5SO}, 45715: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.nBake the potatoes in the oven for 1 hour, or until tender. Halve them lengthwise and scrape the pulp into a bowl. Press pulp through a ricer into a large bowl. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees. With an electric mixer beat in the softened butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, the eggs and yolks, 1 at a time, and the halfandhalf. Beat until smooth and add the nutmeg, salt and white pepper. Transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a large decorative tip. On a buttered baking sheet pipe into 14 large rosettes and drizzle them with the melted butter. The rosettes can be made 1 day ahead and kept refrigerated, covered loosely. Bake the rosettes in the middle of the oven for 10 to 15 minutes if the potatoes are at room temperature or for 25 to 30 minutes if chilled, or until heated through. Put them under the broiler about 6 inches from the heat until the tops are golden. Serve on platter with the ballottine., ingredients: [5 pounds russet or other baking potatoes, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 4 large whole eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 1 cup halfandhalf, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, Salt and white pepper, to taste, Melted butter, for drizzling], title: Duchesse Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 45716: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss the pears, nutmeg and half of the lemon juice together in a bowl.nMelt the butter with the remaining lemon juice, the salt and 3 tablespoons water in a heavy ovenproof 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the sugar into the skillet and stir to combine. Cook the mixture without stirring, letting it foam and bubble the butter will separate, which is OK. Watch the mixture carefully while it cooks because once the water evaporates and the sugar begins to change color, things happen quickly. When it becomes the color of light brown sugar, about 10 minutes, remove it from the heat. Stir in the vanilla.nBeing careful not to burn yourself, sprinkle the cranberries and ginger into the caramel. Arrange the pears in the skillet round sidedown in concentric circles as nicely as you can, fitting in as many pears as possible.nReturn the skillet to the burner over medium heat and cook until the pears start to soften when you poke them with a knife, 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile your pears cook, roll out your Pie Crust on a flourdusted surface to an 11inch circle. Cover the crust with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use.nLay the crust over the pears, tucking it in around the edge of the skillet with a wooden spoon. Bake until the crust is golden brown and firm to the touch, about 30 minutes.nAllow the tart to cool until you can handle it, about 10 minutes. Put a plate on top of the tart using heatproof pads and flip it over so the pears are on top. Slice and serve warm with creme fraiche, if using.nCombine the flour, sugar, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until the butter is evenly distributed but still visible in chunks. While pulsing, add the ice water 1 tablespoon at a time until the dough is just wet enough to hold together when pinched between your fingers. Turn the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap, form into a disc and refrigerate for 30 minutes or up to 24 hours., ingredients: [2 12 pounds about 5 hard Anjou or Bosc pears, peeled, cored and quartered, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Juice from 1 lemon 2 to 3 tablespoons, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 23 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup dried cranberries, 2 tablespoons finely chopped crystalized ginger, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 Pie Crust, recipe follows, or 2 refrigerated storebought crusts, rolled together, Creme fraiche, for serving, optional, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stick cold butter, cut into 12inch chunks, 4 to 5 tablespoons ice water], title: UpsideDown Pear Cranberry Tart, picturelink: null}, 45717: {instructions: Make the steaks: Using a serrated knife, slice the carton of ice cream crosswise into 4 rounds, dipping the knife in hot water as needed. Snip off the carton with kitchen shears.nTightly wrap each ice cream round in plastic wrap, then form into a steak shape with your hands the warmth of your hands will soften the ice cream. Freeze until firm, about 30 minutes.nUnwrap one ice cream steak and transfer to a piece of parchment or wax paper. Dip a metal skewer in hot water, then press into the ice cream to create parallel diagonal grillmark lines.nMake lines in the opposite direction to form a crosshatch pattern, dipping the skewer in hot water as needed. If the ice cream gets too soft, return to the freezer until firm.nFill the lines with the chocolate wafer crumbs. Transfer the steak to a baking sheet and freeze until firm, about 30 minutes. Repeat with the remaining ice cream steaks.nMake the fries: Using a crinkle vegetable cutter or a chefs knife, trim the sides of the pound cakes, then cut each cake crosswise into 14inchthick slices.nCut each cake slice into strips. Divide between 2 parchmentlined rimmed baking sheets.nDrizzle the melted butter over the pound cake fries and toss. Bake in a 350 degrees F oven until lightly toasted, about 8 minutes, tossing halfway through let cool slightly.nArrange the steaks, the pound cake fries and strawberry jam on plates. Each plate serves 2.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [1 1 12quart cylindrical carton chocolate ice cream, 12 cup finely crushed chocolate wafer cookies, 2 12ounce frozen pound cakes, thawed, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup seedless strawberry jam], title: Ice Cream Steak Frites, picturelink: LICfMI4aLuuiXQ9RWQ.ujdQH7g4lMPe}, 45718: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine cake mix, eggs, coffee, oil and flour in large bowl. Beat on low speed until all ingredients are moistened then beat on high speed for 2 minutes. Dough will be sticky. Fold in chocolate pieces, pecans and candy until evenly distributed. Using about half of the batter, drop by heaping tablespoonfuls onto ungreased baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart.nBake for 12 to 14 minutes. Let the cookies cool on the baking sheet on a wire rack for 4 to 5 minutes or until firm. With a metal spatula, transfer the cookies to the wire rack to cool. Repeat with the remaining batter. Serve slightly warm or store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 box 18 14 ounces devils food cake mix, 2 eggs, 14 cup hot coffee or hot water, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup semisweet chocolate pieces, 1 cup chopped pecans, 34 cup bits of chocolatetoffee candy], title: Devils Food Cookies, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 45719: {instructions: In a medium pan, toast almonds over medium heat. Remove from pan and add 12 inch water. Bring water to a boil, add beans and cover pan. Reduce heat. Cook beans 4 or 5 minutes until just tender yet still green. Drain beans and return pan to stovetop. Melt butter over moderate heat. Add lemon juice to butter juice lemon half right side up to keep seeds with lemon, rather than in your beans. Add beans to lemon butter and coat evenly. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer green beans to dinner plates or serving plate and top with almonds., ingredients: [1 2ounce package sliced almonds, found on baking aisle, 1 pound green beans, trimmed, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt and pepper], title: Green Beans with Lemon and Toasted Almonds, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 45720: {instructions: Place the garlic cloves on a cutting board. Slice the cloves in half lengthwise and then smash with the side of a chefs knife. Sprinkle the salt over the garlic and chop and smear the garlic against the cutting board until it makes a paste. This can also be done using a mortar pestle smash the garlic halves before placing them in the mortar. Put the garlic paste in a small bowl and mix in 1 tablespoon of the olive oil.nPut the meat in a baking pan and prick it all over with a fork or metal skewer. Evenly rub the garlic paste on the meat. Marinate at room temperature for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Scrape as much of the garlic paste off the meat as possible so it does not burn in the oven.nHeat a large ovensafe skillet preferably cast iron over mediumhigh heat. Pour in 3 tablespoons of the olive oil and sear the beef until browned on both sides, 4 to 5 minutes total. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook the roast for about 35 minutes for medium and up to 45 minutes for mediumwell. remember that the roast will continue to cook while resting outside of the oven, so its best to remove the roast from the oven when its slightly underdone. Check the color of the roast by making a small slit in the thickest part to check the color remember that the meat on the edges of the roast will be more well done or use a digital thermometer to check its temperature 128 to 129 degrees F for mediumrare. Remove the roast from the oven, cover with foil, and set aside to rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nWhile the roast rests, preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Alternately thread the cherry tomatoes and pearl onions onto wood or metal skewers. If using an outdoor grill, soak the wooden skewers in water for 30 minutes to prevent them from burning. Brush the tomatoes and onions with the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Lay the vegetable skewers on the grill pan and char on both sides. Serve on a platter alongside the sliced beef., ingredients: [5 garlic cloves, 3 tablespoons coarse salt, plus additional for seasoning, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 2 to 3pound picanha tritip roast, fat trimmed and connective tissue removed, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, 1 16ounce bag frozen pearl onions, thawed, Freshly ground black pepper], title: TriTip Picanha Roast with Charred Cherry Tomatoes and Onions, picturelink: TjHr4X1ctQ.k4OS.5CzG0hnD1P0LHhu}, 45721: {instructions: Combine whipping cream, half and half, vanilla bean, mint leaves, lemon zest ginger and tea bags. Heat to a slow boil and then remove from heat and let tea steap. Whip eggs, sugar and honey. Strain milk mixture and slowly add to egg mixture while stirring. Chill mixture then freeze in ice cream freezer.nServe with shortbread cookies., ingredients: [2 cups whipping cream, 2 cups half and half, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup honey, 1 vanilla beans, split and scraped, 2 mint leaves, zest of 1 lemon, 4 tea bags of Lemon Lift or lemon tea, 6 egg yolks, 12 tsp. ginger], title: Lemon Tea Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 45722: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the buttermilk, mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, garlic powder and onion powder. Whisk the mixture together until smooth. Add the blue cheese and mix just until blended. Season with salt and pepper. Chill in an airtight container in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours and up 2 days before serving.nCut the bacon into 14 to 12inch pieces and cook them in a large skillet over medium heat until brown and crisp, 5 to 7 minutes.nCore and quarter each head of lettuce and divide among 12 salad plates.nServe a generous dollop of dressing over each lettuce wedge. Top with the crumbled bacon and diced tomato., ingredients: [1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, Juice of 1 large lemon about 14 cup, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 12 teaspoons onion powder, 6 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper, 10 slices bacon, 3 heads iceberg lettuce, 2 medium tomatoes, finely diced], title: Lettuce Wedge with Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 45723: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large castiron skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, and cook until golden brown and caramelized, about 15 minutes. When caramelized add Worcestershire and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the onions in a bowl.nMeanwhile, divide the meat into 4 portions, and then press each one into an oval patty about the size of the slices of bread.nWipe out the skillet and add another 1 tablespoon of oil. Season the patties with salt and pepper and cook over mediumhigh heat in batches if needed until well browned, about 3 to 4 minutes per side for mediumrare burgers.nLay the bread on the counter. Divide the onions among 4 bread slices and top with a slice of cheese, a patty, another slice of cheese, and a slice of bread.nHeat the remaining olive oil in a castiron skillet over medium heat. Cook the sandwiches, in batches if needed, turning once, until the bread is lightly browned and the cheese has melted, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Halve the melts and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced 4 cups, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground bison buffalo, 8 slices multigrain bread, 8 thin slices lowfat Swiss cheese, 2 to 3 ounces], title: Slimmed Down  Bison Patty Melt, picturelink: null}, 45724: {instructions: Combine 1 12 ounces anejo rum, 12 ounce each dry sherry, fresh lemon juice and simple syrup, 1 teaspoon pumpkin butter and 2 dashes angostura bitters in a shaker shake and strain into a short icefilled glass. Garnish with a cinnamon stick and freshly grated nutmeg.nPhotograph by Jeff HarrisStudio D., ingredients: [], title: The Pilgrimage, picturelink: giHtiFg7FPHCxGRln3J9GY.4E3hYMC}, 45725: {instructions: Mix 1 12 cups warm water 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F, the yeast and agave in a bowl. Set aside 5 minutes.nIn a food processor fitted with the dough blade, pulse the wholewheat flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour and the sea salt. Add 1 egg and the yeast mixture and pulse in 10second intervals until the dough comes together, about 3 pulses. Turn out onto a floured board. Knead 10 to 12 times, adding up to 34 cup more flour if the dough is too sticky. Cut the dough into 4 equal portions cover with a clean towel.nOn a floured board, roll out one piece of dough into a 14by11inch rectangle, 14 inch thick, with a shorter side facing you. Sprinkle 12 cup mozzarella across the middle of the dough fold the bottom third of the dough over the cheese, then sprinkle 2 tablespoons parmesan and 13 cup pepperoni over the folded part. Fold the top third of the dough over the parmesan and pepperoni. Reroll the dough into a 14by11inch rectangle. Cut into seven 11by2inch strips.nOne at a time, pinch the cut long edges of each strip together and roll into a 12inch rope with your hands. Transfer the rope to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Grab the ends and bring them toward each other, forming a U shape, then cross the left end over the right end to make a pretzel shape. Cross the left end over the right again to make a twist in the middle.nRepeat with the remaining 3 pieces of dough and the remaining cheese, spacing the pretzels 3 inches apart. Set aside for 10 to 15 minutes preheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nBeat the remaining egg in a bowl. Brush the pretzels with the egg sprinkle with parmesan and coarse salt. Bake until browned, 16 to 18 minutes, checking on the pretzels every 5 minutes to avoid overbaking.nPhotograph by Victor Schrager, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons dry active yeast, 1 tablespoon agave nectar, 2 12 cups wholewheat flour, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 2 large eggs, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, 12 cup shredded parmesan, plus more for sprinkling, 1 13 cups diced pepperoni, Coarse salt], title: Pepperoni Pretzels, picturelink: FbrJvw3g6WsXCmqaXogMXNaMeirLAdO}, 45726: {instructions: Heat a skillet over mediumlow heat and toast the coriander, cumin, fennel and cardamom seeds until very aromatic, about 1 minute. Put into a blender along with the cilantro, coconut milk, fresh coconut, ginger, sugar, salt, chili, garlic, and lime juice, and pulse until smooth and well blended., ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon ground cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon ground fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom seeds, 2 cups fresh cilantro leaves, washed and roughly chopped, 14 cup coconut milk, 13 cup fresh coconut or sweetened, shredded coconut, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 small green chili, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, Juice of 12 lime], title: Cilantro and Coconut Chutney, picturelink: null}, 45727: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a deep saute pan over medium heat. Add the oil and allow to heat. Add the beef and pork to the oil, stirring to cook until browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Then add the tomato, garlic, parsley, salt, and pepper, and reduce the heat to low and cook for additional 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat. Carefully strain into a bowl. Transfer the meat mixture to a clean bowl. Allow the mixture to cool for 5 minutes. Mixture must be cool before adding to the pastry. While the mixture cools, roll out the puff pastry.nFor the roulade: Sprinkle some flour on your counter or cutting board. Lay the sheet of pastry over the flour. With a rolling pin, roll the pastry out from the center, from the top to the bottom, and then out to the sides to make it a large rectangle, about 1 12 times the original size.nStir the egg yolks and breadcrumbs into the cooled meat mixture, stirring in well.nPlace half the cooled meat mixture onto the bottom third of the pastry sheet, keeping the bottom 2 inches empty. Top with half the Cheddar and goat cheeses and roll tightly. Using a pastry brush, brush the top of the pastry with a light coating of whisked egg whites. Sprinkle with salt, pepper, and half the Parmesan. Repeat with the second piece of pastry.nPlace the roulades on a sheet pan covered with parchment. Bake in the oven until golden brown, 16 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes.nFor the sauce: In a small bowl, stir the chopped onion and ketchup together.nTo serve: Slice the roulades into thin rounds and serve warm with a dollop of sauce on each slice.nChefs NotesnKeep the puff pastry in the fridge until youre ready to use it. If the pastry gets too warm and soft while youre rolling it out, just chill it for a minute before proceeding.nMake sure that the meat mixture is cooled before adding to the pastry., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 12 pound ground beef, 12 pound ground pork, 1 Roma tomato, diced, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, for dusting, 2 sheets puff pastry, defrosted but kept chilled see Chefs Note, 4 egg yolks, whipped, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 cup grated Cheddar, divided, 2 tablespoons goat cheese, divided, 2 egg whites, whipped in a small bowl, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan, divided, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 12 cups ketchup], title: Cheeseburger Roulades, picturelink: EYGyXo361e3YXcqUmoHoDZTxDzzOI46}, 45728: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBoil water in a large pot with a fitted steamer basket. Put the potatoes in the steamer, cover and steam for 15 minutes. Add the green beans and steam for 6 minutes more. Put the cooked potatoes and beans in a dish and set in the refrigerator to cool, or plunge into a bowl of ice water to cool quickly.nPut tuna, olives, onion, tomato and lettuce in a large bowl. Dice the potatoes and green beans, add them to the bowl and toss.nIn a small bowl whisk together the oil, lemon juice, mustard, salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the salad, toss well and serve., ingredients: [4 small red potatoes about 12 pound, 13 pound fresh green beans, trimmed, 12ounce can light tuna packed in water, drained, 12 cup chopped pitted Greek or Spanish olives, 14 cup diced red onion, 2 large tomatoes, seeded and diced about 2 cups, 5 cups chopped romaine lettuce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper], title: Chopped Nicoise Salad, picturelink: 98AAX3efRVuED8YUTj6vMPJiA1PlUu}, 45729: {instructions: Whisk 1 tablespoon each brown sugar and vegetable oil, 12 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 teaspoon Sriracha and the zest and juice of 1 lime. Drizzle over 12 each sliced cantaloupe and honeydew melon. Top with 2 tablespoons each chopped peanuts, cilantro and mint.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Melon Salad, picturelink: q7tgwdU36bpBWmYAB5s1hFqq.KhP5O}, 45730: {instructions: Roast the poblanos over a gas flame, turning until blistered and slightly charred all over. Put them in a heavy plastic bag and set aside to steam for 10 to 20 minutes. Peel the skin. Carefully make a lengthwise slit in each of the peppers and remove the seeds and membranes. Rinse and drain well using paper towels pat the peppers dry.nHeat oil in a large skillet or saucepan, add meat and brown. Add chopped onion, and garlic stirring for one minute. Add tomatoes, salt, cumin and black pepper and cook for 10 to 15 minutes. Stir constantly until meat stuffing is dry. Set aside to cool.nStuff the peppers with the filling and secure with a toothpick.nIn a bowl beat egg whites until stiff and foamy. Add egg yolks to egg whites and blend.nIn a separate bowl add flour for dusting peppers and set aside.nIn a deep skillet heat the oil. Batter and flour dust peppers and drop into hot oil. Fry to a golden brown on both sides. Lay peppers on paper towels to soak up excess grease. Serve chili rellenos topped with Ranchero Sauce, garnished with shredded queso blanco and chopped cilantro.nIn skillet heat oil until hot. Brown onion, garlic, peppers, and tomatoes for 2 minutes or until transparent. Add the tomatoes and cumin, and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes until sauce is lumpy. Set aside., ingredients: [12 chilies poblanos, 13 cup canola oil, 2 pounds lean ground round beef, 1 cup chopped yellow or green onion, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 2 cups fresh diced tomatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 8 eggs, separated, 2 cups flour, 3 cups cooking oil, Ranchero Sauce, recipe follows, Queso blanco, shredded, for garnish, Chopped cilantro, for garnish, 13 cup cooking oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 2 bell peppers, green or red, 4 tomatoes, diced, 1 can chopped tomatoes, Dash cumin], title: Chile Rellenos Topped with Ranchera Sauce, garnished with White Cheese and Cilantro, picturelink: null}, 45731: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill to high heat.nCombine the butter, cheese, and thyme in a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nBrush the steaks with some canola oil, then season them with salt and cracked black pepper. Grill until the meat chars on both sides and is cooked to a mediumrare doneness. Transfer the steaks to a platter, top them with some of the butter and let them rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, slightly softened, 14 cup crumbled Cabrales blue cheese, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 1 12inch thick filet mignons, Canola oil, as needed, 1 teaspoon coarsely cracked black pepper], title: Grilled Filet with Blue Cheese Butter, picturelink: 7YIZXZQuJ6bDaDEnqQMyhIu9CXvUe}, 45732: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a flat dish, crack eggs and add milk, vanilla extract and cinnamon. Whisk until well combined then lay challah slices in mixture to coat and absorb it all, turning occasionally.nSet a 10inch skillet, seasoned cast iron if you have, over medium heat. Add the butter and 1 cup sugar and cook, stirring constantly, until the sugar has melted and caramelized, about 8 minutes. While the sugar is melting, peel apples, core and cut into halves. Remove from heat and gently whisk in the heavy cream. Sprinkle in the pecans, dried cranberries and gently press in the apple halves so there is a flat surface. Lay soaked slices of challah over the top so it is completely covered  you should be able to arrange the large slices and small slices so there are no gaps. Sprinkle the top with some brown sugar and place into the preheated oven. Bake in the middle of the oven for 40 to 45 minutes until the top is golden and puffy.nWhen done, allow to cool for 2 to 3 minutes then invert onto a large plate. Dust with confectioners sugar, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [4 eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 loaf challah bread, cut into 1 inchthick slices, 12 stick unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 1 cup light brown sugar, plus more for sprinkling, divided, 4 Granny Smith apples, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup pecans, 12 cup dried cranberries, Confectioners sugar, garnish, optional], title: UpsideDown Apple French Toast with Cranberries and Pecans, picturelink: mLoPM5EVpeJquzaYDLxiQUAAzdtFxAW}, 45733: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, toss the oats with the oil, melted butter and salt. Spread the mixture out on 2 baking sheets and toast in the oven for 12 minutes, shaking the pans twice during the cooking time and making sure the oats dont burn. Set aside to cool a bit.nReduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the brown sugar, honey, apple juice and molasses. Stir the mixture until combined, then heat over medium heat, stirring, until barely bubbling. Stir in the vanilla extract.nToss together the toasted oats, rice cereal, wheat germ, pecans, sunflower seeds, almonds and flax seeds. Pour in the sugar mixture, stirring as you pour. Toss to combine it will be stickynThoroughly grease a baking sheet or line it with greased foil. Tip the mixture onto the baking sheet, spread out and bake until golden, about 30 minutes. Let cool, then use a fork to make clusters. Store in a jar until ready to use., ingredients: [6 cups rolled oats not quick oats, 14 cup vegetable or canola oil, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, plus more for greasing the baking sheet, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 14 cup apple juice, 14 cup molasses, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups crispy rice cereal, such as Rice Krispies, 1 cup wheat germ, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, 12 cup shelled sunflower seeds, 14 cup roughly chopped almonds, 14 cup flax seeds], title: Homemade Granola, picturelink: null}, 45734: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCrush the crackers in a food processor or resealable bag. Pour them into a bowl and stir in the melted butter and sugar. Press into a pie pan and bake until golden and set, 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool slightly.nFor the filling: In a small microwavesafe bowl, melt the baking chocolate until stirrable about 45 seconds on high. Set aside to cool.nIt is important for the bowl and ingredients to be cold for the next stage of making the fillingto get the right texture and result. In a large chilled bowl with an electric mixer, beat the sugar and butter until fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes.nWhen the melted chocolate is cooled, drizzle it over the buttersugar mixture. Add the vanilla extract. Beat the mixture thoroughly until combined on a stand mixer, you will be using the whisk attachment.nTurn your mixer to a medium speed and over a period of 15 to 20 minutes, add in the 4 cold eggs, one at a time, leaving about 5 minutes between each egg addition. Once the pie filling is well mixed, pour it into the baked pie shell, scraping every last speck of it out of the bowl. Smooth out the pie filling and place the pie in the refrigerator to chill for at least 2 hours preferably longer.nFor the topping: Add the heavy cream and sugar to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and whip until it is stiff. Cover the pies with a thick layer of cream. Grate the semisweet chocolate over the top., ingredients: [12 graham crackers the 4section large pieces, 13 cup butter, melted, 13 cup sugar, 4 ounces unsweetened baking chocolate, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks salted butter, softened but still cold, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 eggs, cold, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 14 cup powdered sugar, Piece of semisweet chocolate, for grating], title: French Silk Pie, picturelink: FrggI2IOJLYDkJS8VPRFg2DKp5hPXLG}, 45735: {instructions: Saute morels in clarified butter until softened and liquid is released. Add 12 clove of garlic, salt, pepper, and thyme sprig. Remove from the heat and chill. Dice finely and reserve.nSaute the nettles and the remaining 12 clove of garlic in a little clarified butter. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and cool. When cooled, mix with the cooled morels. Mix the shallots, ground lamb, hazelnuts, herbs, and bread crumbs in a small bowl. Moisten with the egg until the mixture reaches a spreadable consistency. Chill.nTaste the ground lamb mixture by sauteing a small portion to check for seasonings. Season the rack of lamb and sear until golden brown on all sides in clarified butter. Allow to cool on a rack. On a flat surface lay out a sheet of plastic wrap, on top of the plastic, lay a sheet of the caul fat. Season the lamb rack again with salt and pepper. Spread a 14inch layer of the ground lamb mixture on the caul fat, and place the lamb rack loin side on the mixture. Spread a little more of the mixture onto the lamb to provide a nice ring around the caul fat. Wrap the caul completely around the lamb rack, taking care not to tear the caul fat. Season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a heavy saute pan and place the rack, saddleside up, in the pan. Baste the rack with the pan juices. To cook caul fat and cause it to shrink, turn the rack over and place in the oven and roast for 10 minutes. Rest in a warm area for 10 minutes to allow the juices to reabsorb and allow the meat and ground lamb mixture to secure together. Serve with Wheat Berry Pilaf.n24 hours before, cover the wheat berries with cold water and set in refrigerator to absorb liquid.nBring 2 quarts water to a boil in a large pot, and add the wheat berries. Boil until the wheat berries have softened. Drain and allow to cool, do not rinse with cold water. At serving time, saute 1 tablespoon butter and shallots, carrots, celery and garlic until soft. Add the wheat berries when the aromatics are cooked and saute briefly to coat the berries with the seasonings. Check for salt and pepper. Deglaze with the lamb jus and add the rest of the butter, the albumen and reduce until syrupy. Stir in the thyme leaves and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ounces morel mushrooms, rinsed and quartered, Clarified butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, Salt and pepper, Thyme sprig, 2 ounces wild nettles, blanched and shocked, squeezed dry and roughly chopped, 1 shallot, minced, 1 to 2 ounces ground lamb, 1 ounce hazelnuts, roasted and roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped thyme, 1 teaspoon chopped savory, 1 ounce bread crumbs, 1 egg, beaten, 1 rack lamb, Caul fat, as needed, Wheat Berry Pilaf, recipe follows, 1 cup organic wheat berries, 2 quarts water, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon butter, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 2 tablespoons minced carrots, 2 tablespoons minced celery, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, Salt and pepper, 1 ounce lamb jus or chicken stock, Albumen, or powdered egg white, as needed to thicken, Thyme leaves], title: Roasted Rack of Silverton Lamb en Crepinette with Oregon Hazelnuts, Morels and Wild Nettles with Organic Wheat Berry Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 45736: {instructions: For the cream filling: Cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Stir in the almonds, then the egg, rum and vanilla. Beat until smooth with a fork. Cover and chill until firm, at least 1 hour.nFor the pastry shell: Lay an 8inch20 cm round plate on one sheet of cold pastry and go around it with a knife. Do the same for the top round, but then roll this one a little with a rolling pin to make it slightly larger than the bottom round. Lay the smaller round of chilled dough on a dampened baking sheet. Spread the chilled cream filling over, leaving a good 1inch2.5 cm margin all around the edge. Hide a bean somewhere in the cream. Brush the border with egg wash. Lay on the top round and press the edges well to seal. Score the edge all around with the blunt side of a knife to seal. Make a cross in the center for steam to escape and draw spirals out to the edges for decoration. Brush with egg wash all over the top, avoiding the edges, so that theyll puff up easily. Chill in the freezer until very firm, about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F230 degrees C. Bake the cake until puffed up high and dark golden in color. Sprinkle with a thin coating of confectioners sugar and blast under the broiler or melt with a blowtorch. You can also brush with melted apricot jam for a glaze., ingredients: [13 cup70 g butter, softened, 12 cup70 g confectioners sugar, 12 cup70 g ground almonds, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 sheets storebought puff pastry, about 14inch5 mm thick, chilled, 1 magic bean, for hiding in the cake, 1 egg, lightly beaten, for sealing the pastry, Sifted confectioners sugar, for dusting or a few spoonfuls of apricot jam, heated until runny], title: Galette des Rois, picturelink: null}, 45737: {instructions: In a large pot on medium heat, add the butter and sausage. Cook, stirring, until color and a light crust forms on most sides of the sausage, about 5 minutes. Add the pepper and onion blend and tomato paste and cook, stirring, until the bright red of the paste becomes a muted reddish brown, 5 to 8 minutes. Add the Cajun seasoning blend and cook it the same way as the tomato paste, ensuring the spices bloom and become fragrant. Add the stock, bring to a simmer and simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes.nPour over prepared rice and hit with a shake of your favorite hot sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter fat doesnt count as an ingredient, 6 small or 4 large New Orleansstyle or andouille sausage links, sliced into 34inch ovals rounds on the bias, 1 cup frozen chopped fireroasted peppers and onion blend, thawed, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning blend, 4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 4 to 6 cups prepared white rice, for serving, Your favorite hot sauce but I prefer Crystals here, for serving], title: Sunnys Quickest Sausage Gumbo Ever, picturelink: 0efhulMRzavEGXAarEr7ilGVbKrhsK}, 45738: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, sugar, and salt in a small saucepan and heat just to dissolve the sugar. Remove from heat and pour vinegar mixture into a bowl to cool. Set aside.nPlace rice in a heavy bottomed pot, and add water and kelp. Cover and heat over medium high heat just until the boiling point. Remove the kelp and cover again. After 30 seconds, lower the heat and simmer 12 to 13 minutes, or until all the water has been absorbed.nTurn off the heat and let the rice stand, covered, for 10 to 15 minutes. Turn rice into a wide, shallow wooden bowl. Using a flat wooden spoon or rice paddle, spread the hot rice in a thin layer. Toss rice with horizontal cutting strokes to keep grains from separating or getting mashed. While tossing, sprinkle rice with vinegar mixture. While fluffing the rice, cool it quickly with a hand fan. The tossing and fanning will take about 10 minutes. For easy handling, use vinegared rice before it becomes cold. Cover the bowl with a damp cloth to keep warm., ingredients: [4 12 tablespoons rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 cups shortgrain rice, washed, 3 14 cups water, 3 inch square giant kelp konbu, optional], title: Sushi Rice, picturelink: null}, 45739: {instructions: For the apple butter:nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the apple, water and brown sugar and cook until the apples are very soft. Stir in the cinnamon and salt and cook for 1 minute. Remove the mixture from the heat and let cool.nTransfer the mixture to a food processor along with the butter and process until slightly chunky. Scrape into a small bowl, cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to meld. Let come to room temperature before serving.nFor the glaze:nWhisk all the glaze ingredients in a small bowl.nFor the pork:nBring the water, apple juice, salt, sugar, onion, peppercorns, mustard seeds, thyme and bay leaves to a simmer in a large stock pot and cook until the sugar and salt is dissolved. Let cool completely. Submerge the roast in the brine by placing a plate on top, cover with plastic and refrigerate for up to 4 hours.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nRemove the pork from the brine, rinse under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Heat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Season the pork on both sides with salt and pepper and cook on both sides until golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes total. Transfer the pork to a baking sheet, brush with some of the glaze and finish cooking in the oven until cooked to an internal temperature of 150 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 30 to 40 minutes, brushing with the glaze every 10 minutes. Remove from the oven, let rest loosely tented with foil for 10 minutes.nAdd the shallots to the saute pan that the pork was browned in and cook until soft. Add the whiskey, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon and cook until almost completely reduced. Add the chicken broth and brown sugar and bring to a boil and cook until reduced to a sauce consistency. Whisk in the butter, season with salt and pepper and stir in the parsley.nSlice the rack into chops and place on a large plate, drizzle a little of the sauce around the pork chop and top with some of the butter. Garnish with parsley sprigs., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 small Spanish onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 large Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and chopped, 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup Dijon, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 14 cup molasses, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 cups water, 1 container apple juice concentrate, thawed, 12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 Spanish onion, peeled and quartered, 10 black peppercorns, 10 mustard seeds, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 2 12 to 3pound boneless pork loin, trimmed of fat, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 2 cups whiskey recommended: Jack Daniels, 5 cups homemade chicken stock, 14 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus parsley sprigs for garnish], title: Brined Pork Loin with MolassesMustard Glaze, Sour Mash Sauce and Apple Butter, picturelink: null}, 45740: {instructions: Special equipment: a 12by1inch pizza or tart pan with a removable bottomnFor the pie dough: Into the bowl of a food processor, add the allpurpose flour, almond flour, granulated sugar, cinnamon and salt. Pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the dough becomes crumbly. Add the ice water 1 tablespoon at a time and pulse after each addition until the dough holds together but isnt wet. Add additional tablespoons of water as needed. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and form into a disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 12by1inch pizza or tart pan with a removable bottom.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator. Flour a rolling pin and work surface. Roll the pie dough, starting from the center and working outward, into a 14inch circle, about 14 inch thick. Lay the dough in the prepared pan and press it into the bottom and sides. Fold the excess dough inward and crimp. Dock the dough with a fork.nPut a piece of parchment paper on top of the dough and weigh it down with pie weights, a butter knife or dried beans. Blindbake on the center rack of the oven until the crust is pale golden and just firm, about 20 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the cheesecake filling: In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the cream cheese, granulated sugar, eggs and lemon zest and juice. Pour into the cooled pie crust and spread evenly with an offset spatula.nBake until the cheesecake is set and the middle barely jiggles, 50 to 60 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the cherry compote: Combine the cherries with their juices, granulated sugar, vanilla bean and lemon zest and juice in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the compote is thickened and syrupy, about 20 minutes. Let cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes.nPour the compote over the cooled cheesecake filling, and spread evenly over the top.nFor the whipped cream: In a large mixing bowl using a hand mixer or whisk, or in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the heavy cream, confectioners sugar and lemon zest until medium to firm peaks form.nIn a medium skillet over medium heat, toast the almonds, stirring frequently, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool.nTo serve the cheesecake pizza pie, top each slice with whipped cream and toasted almonds. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 13 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup almond flour, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, diced, plus more for the pan, 4 tablespoons ice water, plus more if needed, 16 ounces cream cheese, softened at room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 large lemon, zested and juiced, 2 pounds pitted fresh or thawed frozen cherries, with juices, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split, 12 medium lemon, zested and juiced, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 cup sliced almonds], title: Cherry Cheesecake Pizza Pie, picturelink: vAULU6ncLtCFJSDTgUijnHb.7KTdO}, 45741: {instructions: Cook penne according to package directions. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Stir in chicken and remaining ingredients., ingredients: [14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound penne pasta, Cooked chicken, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup jarred artichoke hearts, quartered, Cooked zucchini, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 cup chopped roasted red peppers, 12 cup chopped oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 3 roasted Roma plum tomatoes, diced, 12 cup sliced pimentostuffed green olives], title: Penne Rustica, picturelink: b7Bpq0ZJ9StY9Variq80BpGaT2JWnG}, 45742: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the vanilla and eggs and beat on medium speed until just combined. Add the flour, baking soda and salt, then mix on low speed until just combined. Stir in the chocolate chips and 2 cups of the crushed potato chips. Put the remaining 2 cups crushed potato chips in a shallow bowl.nRoll the dough into 2inch balls, then roll them in the remaining potato chips so they are completely coated. Place the cookies 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets and bake until golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 4 cups crushed potato chips 8 ounces, such as Lays], title: Potato Chip Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: sRTMtp1G3UrN.Apu7MB0xMXwonhIjye}, 45743: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, add cream cheese, sugar, flour, 1 egg and vanilla. Beat with a hand mixer until well blended and smooth. Set aside.nDivide each package of almond paste into 4 equal portions. On a floured work surface roll each portion into a 6inch round, about 18inch thick. Put 2 tablespoons of the cream cheese filling into the center of each round. Spread the filling out in an even layer, about 12inch from the edge of the round.nQuarter each pear and remove the core. Cut each quarter into 5 slices. Fan out 5 of the pear slices on top of the filling in the center of 1 of the rounds. Gently fold the edge of the almond paste round over the edge of the filling. Transfer to the prepared baking sheets and repeat with the remaining almond rounds, filling and pears.nWhisk together the remaining egg and 1 tablespoon of water in a small bowl until well blended. Using a pastry brush lightly brush each crostata with the egg wash and sprinkle each with the raw sugar.nPut the baking sheets into the oven and bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool. Serve each crostata on individual plates with a small scoop of ice cream and garnished with sliced almonds and mint., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, plus more for work surface, 2 eggs, divided, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 7ounce packages almond paste, 2 Bartlett pears, 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, 2 tablespoons raw sugar, 1 pint cherry vanilla ice cream, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 8 fresh mint sprigs], title: Pear and Almond Crostata, picturelink: null}, 45744: {instructions: Bring a couple of inches of water to a boil in a medium skillet. Add salt to boiling water and the broccoli rabe and cook 7 to 8 minutes. Drain rabe and reserve.nWhile rabe cooks, heat a medium soup pot over medium to medium high heat with 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. Add 3 cloves chopped garlic, carrots and onions. Cook 5 to 6 minutes, add white beans and heat through, a minute. Season veggies and beans with salt and pepper. Add drained rabe and the stocks and cover pot to bring to a quick boil. Add orecchiette and stir. Reduce heat and simmer soup to a lowroll, uncovered.nMix veal with egg, remaining clove minced garlic, bread crumbs, cheese, sage and salt and pepper. Roll into 1inch balls and drop into stoup. Cook 5 minutes. Adjust seasonings and serve stoup in shallow bowls with crusty bread., ingredients: [1 14 to 1 12 pounds broccoli rabe, 1 large bunch, trimmed and cut into large bitesized pieces, Salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, 1 minced, 3 chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 can white beans, cannellini, Black pepper, 1 quart chicken stock, 2 cups beef or vegetable stock, 13 pound orecchiette, little ear shaped pasta, or ditalini, 1 pound ground veal, 1 egg, 12 cup bread crumbs, a couple of handfuls, 14 cup grated Parmigiano or Romano, a generous handful, plus some to pass at table, 2 to 3 fresh sage leaves, finely chopped, Crusty bread, for mopping], title: Veal Meatball and Broccoli Rabe Stoup, picturelink: null}, 45745: {instructions: Position 2 oven racks in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Combine the granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon of the cinnamon in a small bowl and set aside.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt and the remaining 18 teaspoon cinnamon in a medium bowl. Whisk together the brown sugar, melted butter and corn syrup in a large bowl until smooth. Add the vanilla and egg and whisk until combined. Add the flour mixture and stir with a rubber spatula until just incorporated. The dough will be quite loose refrigerate for 15 minutes to let it firm up a little.nScoop out 12 mounds of dough, about 2 scant tablespoons each, and place them at least 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. The cookies will spread a lot during baking. Lightly flour your hands and press the dough to about 14 inch thick. Sprinkle each cookie with some cinnamon sugar, using all of it.nBake, switching the sheets halfway through, until the cookies are lightly browned at the edges, 10 to 12 minutes. Let the cookies rest on the sheets for 5 minutes, then carefully transfer to a rack to cool completely, about 20 minutes.nTo assemble: Turn 6 cookies upside down on a cutting board. Scoop about 13 cup of the ice cream onto each cookie, and spread with a spoon or butter knife to the edge. Top each with a second cookie, and press down gently to adhere. Serve the ice cream sandwiches right away, or put them in the freezer to harden for about 1 hour, then wrap and freeze for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 1 18 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring hands, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 2 cups vanilla ice cream, softened slightly], title: Snickerdoodle Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 45746: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a saute pan, over medium heat, add the bacon and cook until the fat has been rendered. Remove to paper towels to drain.nIn a large bowl, add all the remaining ingredients, except the butter, and toss until the Brussels sprouts are coated with the oil. Lay out a 20inch piece of parchment paper over aluminum foil on a sheet pan and pour the Brussels sprout mixture into the middle, then top with the butter and bacon. Fold the foil over itself and put into the preheated oven. Cook for 25 to 30 minutes or until they smell done. Remove the sprouts from the oven and transfer them to a serving bowl., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, cut into small pieces, 1 pound Brussels sprouts, 3 garlic cloves, sliced, 3 sage leaves, 2 bay leaves, 2 ounces olive oil, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 slices lemon, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 45747: {instructions: In a medium saucepan bring potatoes with enough salted water to cover them by 12inch to a boil and simmer 15 minutes, or until tender. Drain potatoes in a colander and when cool enough to handle cut each potato in half. In a heavy skillet heat butter and oil over moderate heat until foam subsides and cook potatoes, cut sides down, until golden, about 5 minutes. Loosen potatoes from bottom of skillet with a metal spatula. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until garlic is pale golden. Add greens and cook, covered, 3 minutes, or until greens are wilted. Season mixture with salt and pepper and stir until combined well., ingredients: [2 pounds small red potatoes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 ounces packed spinach leaves, tough stems discarded and remainder washed well and dried], title: Red Potatoes and Wilted Spinach, picturelink: null}, 45748: {instructions: Cut off 2 inches from the stem end and peel the stalks. Bring an inch of water to a boil, set a vegetable steamer over the water, place the broccoli on the steamer, cover and cook 3 to 4 minutes or until the broccoli is cooked through but still firm. An alternative way is to separate the florets from the stalks steam the florets and reserve the stalks for another day., ingredients: [1 small head of broccoli], title: Perfect Steamed Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 45749: {instructions: Marinade:nPlace all ingredients in a nonreactive bowl and whisk together.nRub: Place all ingredients in a container with a lid and shake well.nGlue: Whisk ingredients together and place in a squeeze bottle.nPork: Reserve 1 cup of marinade and set aside. The reserved marinade will be used to base the pork during the cooking process. Inject a little marinade into the pork butt in numerous places. Place pork in a resealable plastic bag and cover with remaining marinade. Marinate in the refrigerator for 6 to 8 hours.nRemove the pork from the marinade and pat dry with paper towels.nCover pork with a light coat of the glue mixture to help the rub stick. Sprinkle generously with rub, making sure to work it into the meat.nPrepare a smoker to 225 to 250 degrees F and add the apple and hickory wood chips to the lit charcoal.nPlace pork on smoker. Be careful not to oversmoke. After 2 hours, baste pork with reserved marinade and return it to the smoker for 1 hour. Baste again and return to smoker for 1 more hour. Repeat 1 more time, with the basting and smoking for 1 more hour. Remove pork from smoker, wrap in aluminum foil and return to smoker until the pork has an internal temperature of 200 degrees F. Alternatively, you can finish cooking the pork in a low oven preheated to 250 degrees F. When the pork has reached 200 degrees F, remove it from the heat and let stand for approximately 15 to 20 minutes before slicing or pulling., ingredients: [2 cups cider vinegar, 1 cup corn oil, 1 can pineapple concentrate, 14 cup salt noniodized, 18 cup paprika, 18 cup Worcestershire sauce, 18 cup white pepper, 1 chicken bouillon cube dissolved in 2 tablespoons water, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup salt noniodized, 13 cup black pepper, 14 cup paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon celery salt, 1 tablespoon hickory salt, 1 tablespoon msg, optional, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground sage, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 pork butt approximately 5 pounds, Apple and hickory wood chips, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes, for smoking, Charcoal, for smoker], title: Smoked Pork Butt Kyle Style, picturelink: QZISFjkz4T0rA2uJ784tp5MsDbTd656}, 45750: {instructions: Make the corn wafers: In a bowl with an electric mixer cream the butter, add sugar, and beat the mixture until it is light and fluffy. Add the egg white and salt and beat the mixture at low speed for 5 seconds, or until it is just combined. The mixture will be lumpy. Add the cornmeal, flour and Parmesan and stir the mixture until it is just combined. Transfer the mixture to a small bowl and chill it, covered, for at least 4 hours or overnight. Arrange rounded teaspoons of the mixture 3 inches apart on buttered baking sheets and with a fork dipped in cold water flatten them carefully to form 2inch rounds. Bake the wafers in batches in the middle of a preheated 425 degree oven for 5 to 6 minutes, or until the edges are golden brown, with a spatula transfer the wafers immediately to racks, and let them cool.nIn a 9inch cast iron skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it brown the chicken, patted dry and seasoned with salt and pepper, in batches, transferring it as it is browned to a bowl. To the fat remaining in the skillet add the butter and flour and cook the roux over moderately low heat, stirring constantly, until it is the color of peanut butter. Stir in the onion, bell pepper, and celery and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are softened. Add the broth, tomatoes, chili powder, and chicken with any juices that have accumulated in the bowl, simmer the stew, covered, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through, and stir in the corn. The stew may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Before serving, stir in the scallion greens and basil, season with salt and pepper, and serve it in bowls topped with the corn wafers., ingredients: [12 stick butter, softened, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 large egg white, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons yellow cornmeal, 1 tablespoon flour, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 whole boneless chicken breasts about 2 pounds, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 small onion, chopped fine, 1 small green bell pepper, chopped fine, 1 rib of celery, chopped fine, 1 14 cups chicken broth, 4 fresh or canned plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 cup fresh corn kernels including pulp scraped from cobs, 12 cup thinly sliced scallion greens, 14 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, chopped], title: Chicken and Corn Stew with Corn Wafers, picturelink: null}, 45751: {instructions: Streusel Topping:n1.Whisk together the flour, sugar, and cinnamon. Add the butter, and mix in using your fingers to rub the butter into the dry ingredients. Set aside.nMuffins:n2.Preheat oven to 375u00b0F. Line a muffin tin with 12 paper liners.n3.In a medium bowl, mix together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.n4.Spoon avocado into a stand mixer and beat until almost smooth. Add sugar and beat until well blended.n5.Add the egg, beating until completely combined. Add the vanilla and the yogurt and mix well.n6.Put the flour mixture into a sifter and sift half of the mixture into the batter and mix until just combined. Sift in the remaining flour and mix until just blended. Gently fold in the blueberries.n7.Using a spoon or an ice cream scoop, divide the batter among the 12 cups. Sprinkle the streusel topping over the batter in the 12 cups, dividing evenly.n8.Bake for 2530 minutes, or until a wooden tester comes out clean. Let cool in the pan on a rack for 5 minutes before removing.n9.Serve warm or at room temperature.nServing Suggestion: Serve warm with a little butter or your favorite jam., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tsp. baking powder, 12 tsp. baking soda, 12 tsp. salt, 1 ripe, Fresh California Avocado, seeded and peeled, 34 cup sugar, 1 egg, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 cup plain yogurt, 6 oz. 1 14 cup fresh Naturipeu00ae blueberries, Streusel Topping recipe follows, 14 cup flour, 13 cup sugar, 3 tbsp. butter, softened, 1 tsp. cinnamon], title: AVOCADOBLUEBERRY MUFFINS Sponsored, picturelink: vwHY9Rz6CH2tx72Uje.Ya8bEiwBhK76}, 45752: {instructions: Special equipment: a food processornFor the cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch baking pan with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on two sides. Lightly butter the foil and sides of the pan.nPulse the sugar with the lemon zest and rosemary in a food processor until well combined. Remove 2 tablespoons of the sugar mixture and reserve.nAdd the butter, salt and vanilla to the food processor with the sugar and pulse until combined. Add the flour, about 1 cup at a time, pulsing to combine after each addition. After the last addition, you may need to stir and scrape down the sides of the food processor to incorporate all of the flour. Continue to pulse until a dough comes together.nTurn the dough out onto the prepared baking pan and press it evenly into the pan. Poke the dough all over with a fork and sprinkle it with the reserved sugar.nBake until the edges are golden brown and the center is golden, about 25 minutes. As soon as its out of the oven, use a bench scraper or knife to cut the shortbread into 1by3inch cookies. Cool in the pan for 15 minutes, then carefully remove the cookies using the foil as handles. Cool completely on a rack.nFor the icing: Combine the confectioners sugar, lemon zest and juice in a medium bowl. Whisk to combine. Whisk in 1 tablespoon water or more for the desired thickness.nDrizzle the icing over the cookies and allow to set, or serve the icing alongside to dip or drizzle upon serving., ingredients: [3 sticks 1 12 cups unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pan, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 lemon, zested and juiced], title: RosemaryLemon Shortbread Cookies, picturelink: LnfwksyMREcwwJuqu1cHzHkOi8Fu.e}, 45753: {instructions: Method:nIn a large baking dish, combine buttermilk and half of each of the seasoned salt, onion powder, and garlic powder. Add chicken pieces to marinade and turn to coat. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours.nHeat the peanut oil to 360 degrees F in a large, heavy Dutch oven.nSeason the flour with the remaining seasoned salt, garlic powder, and onion powder. Remove the chicken from the marinade piece by piece and coat in the flour. Then add to the hot oil to fry. Fry until internal temperature of the chicken is 160 degrees F. Make sure that your oil does not get too hot, otherwise the color of the chicken will turn dark before the chicken is actually done. Transfer chicken to paper towels to drain. Taste the chicken to make sure the seasonings are right this is called quality control. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 14 cup seasoned salt, divided, 3 tablespoons onion powder, divided, 3 tablespoons garlic powder, divided, 2 12 pounds chicken various parts, 5 to 6 cups peanut or canola oil, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 45754: {instructions: In a large saucepan boil water for the pasta. When water begins to boil add salt liberally, let water return to a boil and cook pasta to al dente. Drain.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat with olive oil, 3 turns of the pan. Add mushrooms, shallots and garlic, red pepper flakes and saute 5 minutes. Deglaze the pan with sherry, stir in stock and tomatoes and bring to a bubble. If using raw seafood, season with lemon zest, salt, and pepper. Raise the heat a bit then add the seasoned seafood and heat through or cook until just about firm and opaque, a couple of minutes. If using cooked seafood, season the seafood when you add it to skillet with lemon zest, salt and pepper.nStir in heavy cream and toss hot pasta with sauce and chives andor parsley, adjust seasoning and serve., ingredients: [Salt, 1 12 pound penne rigate or bow tie pasta, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 2 large shallots, chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped or grated, A pinch or 2 crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup dry sherry, 12 cup chicken stock or seafood stock, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 pound shelled, cooked or raw bulk lobster pieces, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup cream, A handful chopped chives or parsley or both], title: Seafood Pasta with Sherry Tomato Cream Sauce, picturelink: EAsmhlL7PLAtKD6mte8Jz3LQq9Vckm}, 45755: {instructions: In a tall, icefilled mixing glass, add tangerine juice and grenadine. Shake and pour into an icefilled tumbler. Top with club soda. Garnish with orange wheels., ingredients: [3 ounces freshly squeezed honey tangerine juice, 1ounce grenadine, Club soda, Orange wheels, to garnish], title: Honey Tangerine Soda, picturelink: null}, 45756: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSnip off the hard stems of the figs with scissors or a small knife and coarsely chop the figs. In a medium bowl, combine the figs, raisins, cherries, apricots, honey, sherry, lemon juice, pecans, and a pinch of salt. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to sit overnight at room temperature.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter, cloves, superfine sugar, and brown sugar on medium speed until smooth, about 3 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, add the egg and mix until incorporated. With the mixer still on low, slowly add the flour and 14 teaspoon salt just until combined. Dont over mix Add the fruits and nuts, including any liquid in the bowl.nDivide the dough in half and place each half on the long edge of a 12 by 18inch piece of parchment or waxed paper. Roll each half into a log, 1 12 to 1 34inch thick, making an 18inchlong roll. Refrigerate the dough for several hours, or until firm.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nWith a small, sharp knife, cut the logs into 12inchthick slices. Place the slices 12inch apart on ungreased sheet pans and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until lightly golden., ingredients: [12 pound dried figs, 14 pound raisins, 2 ounces candied cherries, coarsely chopped, 2 ounces dried apricots, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 6 ounces chopped pecans, Kosher salt, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 cup superfine sugar, 13 cup light brown sugar, firmly packed, 1 extralarge egg, 2 23 cups allpurpose flour], title: Fruitcake Cookies, picturelink: oSJcDBo57w7pSNggXoQINTYgUAPiUEq}, 45757: {instructions: Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and cook, whisking constantly, until lightly browned, about 1 minute. Slowly whisk in the beer until smooth. Whisk in the mustard, hot sauce and Worcestershire until smooth. Gradually add the cheese, alternating between the Cheddar and the Stilton, a handful at a time, whisking until smooth and creamy before adding more, 3 or 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nPreheat the broiler. Arrange the bread in a single layer, brush with oil and lightly toast. Rub the oiled side of the toasts with the cut side of the garlic. Arrange tomato slices on the toasts, top with a layer of the cheese mixture and broil until the cheese is bubbly and just starting to brown, 2 or 3 minutes. Garnish with bacon, diced tomatoes and chives before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon flour, 12 cup porter beer, 1 teaspoon English mustard powder, 2 or 3 dashes hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 2 or 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 5 ounces sharpest Cheddar available, grated about 2 cups, 5 ounces Stilton, crumbled about 2 cups depending on how finely its crumbled, Salt and freshly grated black pepper, Long thin slices of French baguette cut on a bias, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, Cloves of garlic, halved, Thin slices tomato and diced tomatoes, for garnish, Crumbled bacon, Chopped fresh chives], title: Welsh Rarebit, picturelink: 6HB2ZbWgf6bCwC7pZEOesGerHbMBSu}, 45758: {instructions: Cut ends off each cantaloupe and stand upright. Remove skin in strips working around melons. Halve melons and seed with spoon. Chunk melons and place pieces in food processor. You will work in 2 batches. Fill processor 34 full. Add 1 tablespoon sugar, the juice of 12 lime and about 34 cup spring water. Pulse grind them process soup until smooth. Adjust sugar to your taste and pour soup into 2 bowls, repeat process. Top each soup bowl with kiwi and raspberries and serve., ingredients: [2 ripe small to medium cantaloupes, 2 rounded tablespoons sugar, 1 lime, juiced, 1 12 cups spring water, 2 kiwis, peeled and diced or thinly sliced, 12 pint raspberries], title: Melon Soup, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 45759: {instructions: Special equipment: Bundt pannFor the dough: Dissolve the yeast in the water in the bowl of a stand mixer. Add 3 cups of the flour, the milk, butter, sugar, salt and eggs. Beat on medium speed for 3 minutes. Stir in enough of the remaining flour to form a firm dough. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, 6 to 8 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turning once to grease the top. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nFor the caramel: Generously butter a 10inch bundt pan. Bring the brown sugar, butter and cream to a boil in a small saucepan. Cook and stir for 3 minutes. Pour half into the greased bundt pan and sprinkle with the pecans.nFor assembly: Punch the risen dough down and shape into 40 balls 1 to 1 14 inches in diameter. Mix together the sugar and cinnamon in a shallow bowl.nPour the melted butter into another bowl. Roll the balls in the butter and then roll in the cinnamonsugar mixture. Place 20 balls in the bundt pan and top with remaining caramel and the pecans. Lastly, place the final 20 balls of dough into the pan. Cover the bundt pan and let rise until doubled, about 45 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake until the top is a deep golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before inverting onto a serving plate. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 package 14 ounce active dry yeast, 14 cup water 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F, 5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 to 14 cups warm 2percent milk 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F, 13 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, plus more for greasing, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 6 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, 6 tablespoons chopped pecans, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 6 tablespoons chopped pecans], title: Pecan Pie Monkey Bread, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 45760: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375. Roll out dough on a lightly floured work surface to roughly an 11inch circle. Transfer the dough to a parchmentlined baking sheet. Mix the pitted cherries with 14 cup sugar, salt, and liqueur.nSpoon the seasoned cherries over the dough and leave a 2inch border. Drop pieces of butter over the cherries and fold the edges of the dough over, pressing lightly.nWhisk the cream or milk and the egg yolk together and lightly brush the edges of the crust.nSprinkle with the remaining tablespoon of sugar and then bake for 4045 minutes. Ovens will vary, bake until golden.nTop each serving with a dollop of mascarpone and a sprinkle of black pepper., ingredients: [14 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 lbs fresh cherries, pitted, 1 tablespoon amaretto liqueur like Disaronno, 1 refrigerated pie crust, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon whole milk or half and half], title: Matts Cherry Galette, picturelink: null}, 45761: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the steak: Heat a castiron skillet over high heat until very hot. Sprinkle both sides of the steak with salt and pepper. Place the steak in the hot skillet, reduce the heat to medium and sear until well browned, about 4 minutes. Flip the steak and cook until mediummediumrare, about 6 more minutes. Set aside, loosely covered with foil, and let rest before slicing.nFor the sauteed garlicky spinach: Heat the oil and sliced garlic in a Dutch oven over medium heat, stirring occasionally until the garlic is golden brown and crispy. Remove the garlic and set aside on a paper towel to drain. Add the crushed red pepper and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the spinach and stir to combine with the oil. Cover and let cook over mediumhigh heat until the spinach is wilted but still bright in color, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and toss with the garlic chips.nFor the buttermilk blue cheese dressing: Mix the mayonnaise, buttermilk, blue cheese, dill, mustard and pepper together in a bowl and set aside. Adjust the seasoning if necessary.nFor the sandwich build: Slice the rested steak against the grain into 14inch slices, removing any nonrendered fat. Place the steak slices on the bottom bun, top with the spinach and schmear the top bun with buttermilk blue cheese dressing., ingredients: [One 20ounce boneless rib eye steak, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Three 10ounce bags fresh spinach, washed and stemmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon minced fresh dill, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 fresh loaf crispy French bread, cut into 8inch segments, buttered and grilled], title: Chicago Steakhouse Sandwich, picturelink: RRzs7w6nC4mGhQGdx78SEy5uu0AbVou}, 45762: {instructions: Place the flank steak in a casserole dish or baking pan. Drizzle with the Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Rub this mixture all over both sides of the flank steak and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPreheat a grill pan for about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, mix together the mayonnaise, horseradish and wholegrain mustard in a small bowl. Set aside.nWhen the grill is hot, cook the flank steak until an instantread thermometer inserted in the middle of the steak reads 125 degrees F for medium rare, about 6 minutes per side. Leave the grill pan over the heat. Let the steak rest 15 minutes before slicing very thinly across the grain.nDrizzle the onion slices with the remaining tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the onion on both sides to char and soften, about 2 minutes per side. Turn down the heat if they char too quickly. Transfer to a bowl. Check seasoning and add more salt and pepper, if necessary. Cover with plastic wrap to continue softening.nSlice the bread loaf in half horizontally and lay the two halves cutside up. Pull out some of the bread from both halves reserve for another use, leaving a 14inch border. Spread the horseradish mayonnaise on both halves. Layer half of the arugula, then the onion and the steak on the bottom half of the loaf and season with salt and pepper. Add the tomatoes, remaining arugula, more salt and pepper and top half of the loaf. Wrap tightly in parchment, wax paper or plastic wrap and tie with twine if necessary. Press 3 hours with a brick see Cooks Note or castiron skillet on top to flatten the sandwich, refrigerated. About 45 minutes before serving, bring the sandwich to room temperature., ingredients: [1 flank steak about 1 12 pounds, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 medium to large red onion, sliced into 14 inch rounds, 1 large loaf rye bread unsliced, 4 cups baby arugula, 1 large tomato, thinly sliced], title: Steak and Horseradish Pressed Sandwich, picturelink: rqHF2jkknyfKf5Xu8AfXG5.4E5PFrOa}, 45763: {instructions: In a large nonreactive pot, bring half the water, 1 cup of sugar, salt, and 8 ounces molasses to a boil. Stir to dissolve the sugar. Pour into a large container with the remaining water, and the apple cider. Place in the refrigerator and cool to 40 degrees F.nPress the black pepper into the pork belly. Once the brine has cooled place the peppered pork belly into the mixture until completely submerged. Refrigerate for three days.nAfter three days have passed, remove the pork from the brine and pat dry with paper towels. Lay on a rack over a sheet pan and place in front of a fan for 1 hour to form a pellicle. Lay the pork in the protein box of a cold smoker and smoke for 4 to 6 hours. Chill the meat in the freezer for 1 hour to stiffen for easy slicing into strips of bacon. Slice what you need and keep the remainder in a freezer safe bag in the refrigerator or freezer.nPlace the strips of bacon onto a sheet pan fitted with a rack and place into a cold oven. Turn the oven to 400 degrees F and cook for about 12 to 15 minutes, depending on how crispy you like your bacon. Remove from rack and drain on paper towels. Enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup salt, 8 ounces molasses, 12 gallon 2 quarts water, 12 gallon 2 quarts apple cider, 2 tablespoons course ground black pepper, 1 5 pound piece raw pork belly from the loinend], title: Scrap Iron Chefs Bacon, picturelink: null}, 45764: {instructions: Scoop the gelato into a serving bowl and place in the freezer for 30 minutes.nTop the ice cream with the vanilla vodka and espresso and garnish with shaved espresso beans., ingredients: [1 scoop caramel gelato, 1 shot vanilla vodka, 1 shot brewed espresso, Shaved espresso beans, for garnish], title: KLs Affogato, picturelink: FIt8e1EpQZaVCX2wqgVAZrOKhyat6}, 45765: {instructions: These potato and lamb croquettes are traditionally served with fresh sliced onions, carrots and beetroot salad.nIn a bowl, mix the mashed potatoes, chopped chiles, ground cumin seeds, and chopped fresh cilantro, until well combined. Season the mixture, with salt, to taste.nFor the croquette filling: Heat the 1 tablespoon oil in a pan over a medium heat, add the chopped onion, and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden brown. Add the ground lamb, ginger, chile powder, ground coriander, and ground cumin. Cook, stirring continuously, for 18 to 20 minutes, or until the ground lamb has cooked through.nAdd the garam masala, and the lemon juice, and season, with salt, to taste. Strain the lamb mixture through a fine sieve, and allow any excess oil to drain away. Set the mixture aside to cool.nDivide the potato mixture into 12 equal portions, and roll each portion into a ball. Make a hollow in the center of each potato ball, using your finger. Spoon 1 tablespoon of the lamb mixture into each of the 12 hollows, then fold the potato over and around it.nFlatten the filled potato ball into a patty using your hands. Place the potato balls onto a baking tray, and cover the tray with plastic wrap, and set aside for 15 to 20 minutes.nBeat the eggs in a bowl, and sprinkle the bread crumbs onto a plate.nHeat the oil in a deep heavybottomed frying pan until a bread crumb sizzles and turns brown when dropped into it. Caution: Hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.nDip each patty into the beaten egg, and then dredge in the bread crumbs until completely coated. Lower each patty into the oil, and fry for 5 to 6 minutes, or until crisp and goldenbrown, and completely cooked through. Set aside to drain on a tray lined with paper towels. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 medium potatoes, peeled, boiled, drained and mashed, 2 medium fresh green chiles, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted and finely ground, 2 sprigs fresh cilantro, finely chopped, Pinch kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus extra, for deep frying, 1 medium onion, peeled and finely chopped, 1 pound lean ground lamb, 1 1 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 12 teaspoon red chile powder, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, Pinch ground cumin, 12 teaspoon garam masala, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 freerange eggs, 8 ounces fresh white bread crumbs], title: Aloo Keema Chops, picturelink: null}, 45766: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the honey, Dijon, Greek yogurt and cider vinegar. Using a spiralizer, spiralize the carrots and add to the dressing along with the salt toss wellnUsing a peeler, make ribbons of cucumber working your way around the vegetable, and stopping when you get to the seeds. Blot the ribbons on a clean towel to remove excess water. Add the ribbons to the bowl with the carrots along with the red pepper, noodles and cranberries. Toss well to coat in the dressing and serve., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Greek yogurt, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 3 large carrots, peeled, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 English cucumber, peeled, 1 red pepper, seeded and julienned, 6 ounces sweet potato starch noodles, cooked according to package directions and rinsed, 12 cup dried cranberries], title: Noodle Salad, picturelink: NzRZ1U0eiGFH51TMityuE8kG3we1NKm}, 45767: {instructions: Cut tofu into 1inch thick slices. Drain. Set them on a sheet, cover with another baking pan or cookie sheet and weight down with something heavy drain for at least 12 hour to remove excess water. In a small cast iron skillet toast cumin, chili and oregano until they emit a lovely aroma. Remove to a nonreactive saucepan and add olive oil, garlic, vinegar and white wine. Bring to a simmer. Transfer drained and weighted tofu to a ceramic or glass dish and pour marinade over tofu. Cover with plastic and refrigerate for a day at least or, for up to 3 to 4 days. Preheat the broiler. Remove marinated tofu, pat dry and broil, about 6 inches away from the heat until crispy on each side. Spread bread with mayonnaise slice tofu in half to make 12inch slices and set over mayonnaise. Top with tomato, arugula and onion if you wish. Spread second slice of toasted bread with chili mayo and cover sandwich., ingredients: [12 ounces firm tofu Chinesestyle, 12 teaspoon each ground cumin, chili powder and dried oregano, 14 cup olive oil, 1 medium clove minced garlic, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup dry white wine, 4 thick slices whole wheat bread, lightly toasted, Chili mayonnaise see below, Sliced tomato, washed arugula and, optional: slices of red onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Broiled Marinated Tofu Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 45768: {instructions: In saute pan, add olive oil. Sweat onions and celery in oil. Set aside. In a separate bowl, mix crab meat, mayonnaise, parsley, bread crumbs and onioncelery mixture. Chill., ingredients: [1ounce olive oil, 12 Medium yellow onion, small dice, 1 stalk celery, small dice, 2 pounds crab meat, 12 cup mayonnaise recipe to follow, 2 tablespoons parsley, chopped, 1 12 ounces Japanese bread crumbs], title: Crab Cake Mixture, picturelink: null}, 45769: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 175 degrees F.nHeat the oil over medium heat in a heavybottomed skillet. Add the sausages and cook on each side, undisturbed, until golden brown, about 5 minutes a side. Set on a baking dish in the oven to keep warm.nTo the same skillet, add the onions and stir to combine with the oil. Season the onions with salt and pepper and cook over mediumlow heat, undisturbed, until the bottom of the onions begin to caramelize, about 10 minutes. Stir only once and cook for another 25 minutes, undisturbed. Once the onions are golden and soft, set aside.nFor the sandwich build: Place a sausage on a bun, slather in good yellow mustard, top with an ample amount of caramelized onions and 2 or 3 sport peppers. Wrap the sandwich in deli paper, parchment paper or foil. Let sit for 5 minutes to get all good and steamed up. Eat while standing with only TWO napkins and a giant pop., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 links Polish kielbasa sausage, patted dry with a paper towel about 1 12 pounds, 1 yellow onion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 fresh poppy seed hot dog buns, Yellow mustard, 6 to 10 pickled sport peppers], title: Maxwell St. Style Polish Sausage Sandwich, picturelink: RRzs7w6nC4mGhQGdx78SEy5uu0AbVou}, 45770: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the stuffing: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add the butter to a large saute pan and allow to melt over medium heat. Once melted, add the onions, carrots and celery. Season with salt, pepper and red pepper flakes and stir to combine. Allow the vegetables to saute until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the sausage, sprinkle again with salt and pepper and break up the sausage with a wooden spoon while it browns, 7 to 10 minutes. Once the sausage is cooked through, turn off the heat.nWhile the sausage is cooking, prepare the stove top stuffing according to package directions. Turn off the heat and set aside to cool slightly.nSpray a bundt pan with cooking spray and set aside.nAdd the stuffing to a large bowl. Add the sauteed veg and the lightly beaten eggs to the stuffing and toss to combine. Evenly pour the stuffing into the prepared pan and press down.nBake until browned on top, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool briefly.nFor the creamy mashed potatoes: Add the potatoes to a pot and cover with water. Season with salt and turn the heat to high. Once the potatoes come to a boil, cook until fork tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and pass the potatoes through a potato ricer into a bowl. Stir in some of the heated cream until the consistency is thick, creamy and pourable, adding cream as needed. Season with salt and pepper and stir in the butter.nFor the cranberry sauce: Add the cranberries, sugar, orange zest and orange juice to a saucepan. Turn the heat to medium and cook until the cranberries have burst and the sauce thickens, about 20 minutes. Season with salt, remove from the heat, strain and set aside.nTo serve: Loosen the stuffing from the sides of the pan with a butter knife. Top the pan with a cake stand and flip to invert. Remove the pan. Garnish with the creamy mashed potatoes, cranberry sauce, fried onions and chives. Slice, plate and drizzle with gravy., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups minced yellow onion, 1 cup minced carrots, 1 cup minced celery, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 12 pounds loose sausage, Three 6ounce boxes stove top stuffing, Chicken stock, as needed per stuffing directions, Cooking spray, 3 eggs, lightly beaten with salt and pepper, 4 russet potatoes, peeled and diced, Kosher salt, 3 cups heavy cream, heated, Freshly ground pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons butter, One 8ounce frozen package cranberries, thawed, 14 cup sugar, 12 orange, zested and juiced, Kosher salt, Fried onions, for garnish, Chopped chives, for garnish, Prepared gravy, for serving], title: Stuffing in a Bundt Pan, picturelink: oEtuAyGUe8s0NW5.mmsseIncNFMFku}, 45771: {instructions: Special equipment: One 9inch Pyrex pie pan or 6 or 8 individual pans.nPrepare and chill the dough.nTo make the filling, combine 1 cup of the blueberries with the sugar in a nonreactive saucepan. Bring to a simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is melted and the mixture is very liquid about 5 minutes. Combine the cornstarch and water in a small bowl and whisk the blueberry and sugar mixture into it. Return everything to the pan and cook, stirring constantly, over low heat, until the mixture comes to a boil, thickens and becomes clear. If it does not become clear, continue to cook over low heat for a few more minutes, until it does. Pour into a large bowl and stir in the remaining filling ingredients, except the blueberries, then add the remaining 3 cups blueberries. Cool.nSet a rack at the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees.nRoll out the bottom crust and arrange in pan. Pour the cooled filling into the bottom crust. Prepare a lattice top crust. Flute the edge of the pie and carefully brush it with egg wash. If you wish, sprinkle the top of the pie with sugar. Place the pie in the oven on the lower rack and reduce the temperature to 375 degrees. Bake for about 40 minutes, until the crust is baked through and a deep golden brown and the filling is gently bubbling. If the top crust has not colored sufficiently after 30 minutes of baking, move the pie to the upper rack of the oven for the last 10 minutes. Cool the pie on a rack.nTo mix the dough by hand, combine the dry ingredients in a medium mixing bowl and stir well to combine. Cut the butter into 1tablespoon pieces and add to the dry ingredients. Toss once or twice to coat the pieces of butter. Then using your hands or a pastry blender, break the butter into tiny pieces and pinch and squeeze it into the dry ingredients. Occasionally reach down to the bottom of the bowl and mix all the ingredients evenly together. Continue rubbing the butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles a coarseground cornmeal and no large pieces of butter remain visable. Beat the eggs in a small bowl and pour over the flour and butter mixture. Stir in with a fork until the dough begins to hold together but still appears somewhat dry. Scatter a teaspoon of flour on the work surface and scrape the dough out onto it. Press and knead the dough quickly 3 or 4 times, until it is smooth and uniform.nTo mix the dough in the food processor, combine the dry ingredients in the work bowl fitted with a metal blade. Pulse 3 times at 1second intervals to mix. Cut the butter into 1tablespoon pieces and add to the work bowl. Process, pulsing repeatedly at 1second intervals, until the mixture is fine and powdery, resembles a coarseground cornmeal, and no large pieces of butter remain visible, about 15 pulses in all. Add the eggs to the work bowl and pulse 10 times or so, until the dough forms a ball. Scatter a teaspoon of flour on the work surface and scrape the dough out onto it. Press and knead the dough quickly 3 or 4 times, until it is smooth and uniform.nPress the dough into two equalsized disks. Sandwich the disks of dough between two pieces of plastic wrap and press them into 6inch circles. Refrigerate the dough until firm, or until you are ready to use it, at least 1 hour., ingredients: [Sweet Dough for a 2 crust pie, recipe follows, 2 pints blueberries, rinsed, drained and picked over, 34 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 egg well beaten, with a pinch of salt, 1 teaspoon sugar for finishing the top of the pie, optional, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold, unsalted butter, 3 large eggs], title: Blueberry Lattice Pie, picturelink: null}, 45772: {instructions: Bring water and sugar to a boil and boil until sugar is dissolved. Cool to room temperature and transfer to a jar. Store in a cool pantry or refrigerate., ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 cup sugar], title: Simple Sugar Syrup, picturelink: null}, 45773: {instructions: Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a 10inch skillet on mediumhigh. Add the onion and ginger and shallow fry until just browned, about 3 minutes. Toss in the rutabagas, parsnips, carrots and sweet potatoes and continue cooking 4 more minutes. Stir in the celery, stock, tofu and rosemary. Cover and cook at a gentle boil for 10 minutes or until the vegetables are tender. If you are using meat instead of the tofu, shallow fry, on mediumlow heat, in a separate pan in the remaining teaspoon of oil until cooked through. It will take about the same amount of time as the vegetables. Add the snow peas and tomatoes to the vegetables and cook for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the pan from the heat, stir in the arrowroot slurry and return to the heat to thicken. Serve the vegetables in a mound on 2 heated plates. Lay the cooked meat if you are using it on top. Spoon the thickened pan juices over the dish and dust well with the chopped onion tops, Parmesan cheese and cayenne.nPer serving with tofu: 381 calories, 10 gm. fat, 3 gm. saturated fat, 7 percent calories from saturated fat, 57 gm. carbohydrates, 11 gm fiber, 739 mg. sodium Per serving with skinless chicken breast: 483 calories, 13 gm. fat, 3 gm. saturated fat, 6 percent calories from saturated fat, 11 gm fiber, 739 mg. sodium, ingredients: [3 teaspoons light olive oil, divided, 1 cup chopped sweet onion, 1 tablespoon finely diced ginger root, 1 rutabaga, cut in 1inch dice 1 cup, 1 parsnip, cut in 1inch dice 12 cup, 2 carrots, cut in 1inch dice 1 cup, 12 sweet potato, cut in 1inch dice 12 cup, 1 stalk celery, cut in 1inch dice 12 cup, 2 cups low sodium vegetable or chicken stock, 8 ounces low fat, extra firm tofu, cut in 1inch dice or substitute 8 ounces chicken breast, turkey breast, pork tenderloin, ostrich, bison or other lean meat, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 4inches long, 16 snow peas, strings removed, 8 cherry tomatoes, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon arrowroot mixed with 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons finely chopped green onion tops, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Cayenne pepper, to taste], title: Nonesuch Poele, picturelink: null}, 45774: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef, season to taste with salt and pepper and cook, breaking into small pieces with a wooden spoon, until well browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer the meat to a bowl, leaving behind any drippings reduce the heat to medium.nTo the same skillet, add the mushrooms, season with salt and cook until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the cooked mushrooms to the bowl with the beef. Add the oil, onion, carrot, garlic, and paprika to the skillet and continue to cook until the carrots are soft and the onion is lightly browned, about 10 minutes.nStir in the tomato paste and cook until the tomato paste has toasted and is evenly coating the vegetables, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the broth, water, and the Worcestershire sauce to the skillet. Bring to a simmer and stir in the pasta. Cover and cook according to package directions until the noodles are just al dente. Uncover, stir in the reserved beef and mushrooms until heated through. Remove from heat and stir in the cream cheese, sour cream, chopped parsley, chopped chives, and salt and pepper, to taste, until the cream cheese melts and the sauce is creamy. Divide among 6 bowls. Serve., ingredients: [1 pound 90 percent lean ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 10ounce package white mushrooms, halved or quartered, if large, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 1 cup, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon paprika, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 15ounce can lowsodium beef broth, 1 12 cups water, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups 6ounces calcium and fiber enriched penne pasta, recommended: Ronzoni Smart Taste, 14 cup 2 ounces 13 less fat cream cheese, room temperature, 14 cup reducedfat sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Skillet Hamburger Stroganoff, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 45775: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter 13x9inch baking pan. Combine 2 cups flour, butter, 12 cup powdered sugar, ground almonds, lime peel and salt in processor and process until moist clumps form. Press onto bottom of prepared pan. Bake until edges are golden, about 20 minutes. Whisk sugar, eggs, lime juice, baking powder and remaining 14 cup flour in large bowl until well blended. Pour over hot crust. Bake until topping is set and lightly golden, about 25 minutes. Cool in pan on rack. Sift additional powdered sugar over top. Cut into squares., ingredients: [2 14 cups all purpose flour, 1 cup chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 12 cup powdered sugar, 14 cup slivered almonds, finely ground, 1 teaspoon grated lime peel, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 34 cup fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Additional powdered sugar], title: Lime Bars, picturelink: null}, 45776: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom of a 13by9inch baking dish.nStir together the melted butter, poppy seeds, sesame seeds, dried garlic, dried onion and 1 teaspoon salt.nWithout separating into individual rolls, slice the top half of the bread off the bottom. Place the bottom portion of the rolls in the prepared baking dish. Layer the shaved roast beef on top, then the crispy onions, then a layer of provolone, then top with layer of pickles. Place the top section of the rolls on the sandwich stacks. Stir the spiced butter and then liberally brush over the tops of the rolls until entirely coated.nBake, uncovered, until the cheese is ooey gooey and the tops of the rolls are golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Cut into sliders with a large chefs knife., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons butter, melted, plus additional for buttering baking dish, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 34 teaspoon dried minced garlic, 12 tablespoon dried minced onion, Pretzel salt or kosher salt, 1 package Hawaiian sweet rolls, 1 12 pounds shaved rare roast beef from the deli counter, preferably a premium brand like Boars Head, 2 cups crispy Frenchfried onions, 1 pound sliced sharp provolone, 1 cup spicy pickle rounds], title: Baked Roast Beef and Provolone Tea Sliders on Everything Buns, picturelink: e1.BZ.RwrSPMqOknM.lyqMgWFDkUv8m}, 45777: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly oil a roasting pan or grill and place vegetables in a single layer. Roast until soft and golden brown, 20 minutes. Transfer roasted vegetables to a blender or food processor, add cilantro and stock and puree. Serve warm or at room temperature, with refried beans., ingredients: [2 pounds tomatillos, husked, washed, halved, 2 jalepeno peppers, seeded use rubber gloves, 1 medium onions, halved, 12 cloves garlic, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 34 cup vegetable stock, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Roasted Vegetable Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45778: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment or buttered waxed paper.nUnroll the puff pastry on a work surface. Brush the pastry generously with melted butter.nIn a small bowl, toss together the sugar and cinnamon. Sprinkle evenly over the pastry.nWorking lengthwise, cut the pastry in half and then cut each half into 6 even strips, each 34inch wide. Twist the strips to make long twisted straws.nTransfer to the prepared pan, pushing the ends down with your thumb to help them stay in place on the pan and remain twisted. Bake until puffed and golden brown, about 20 minutes.nTo make the sauce, heat the milk in a saucepan. Pour the hot milk over the chocolate and whisk to melt it. Whisk in the peanut butter until smooth. Keep sauce warm until ready to serve.nTo serve, place the twists on a tray and serve with the sauce along side for dipping., ingredients: [1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup sugar, 2 12 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 cup milk, 8 ounces semisweet or milk chocolate, chopped, 14 cup smooth peanut butter], title: Puff Pastry Twists, picturelink: null}, 45779: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 4ounce ramekinsnPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a blender, combine the halfandhalf, milk, egg, egg yolk, cream cheese, avocados, salt and pepper. Blend until smooth. Pour the mixture into 4 4ounce ramekins.nArrange the ramekins in a glass baking dish, and add enough hot water to come halfway up the sides. Cover the baking dish with foil. Bake until the custard is set, about 1 hour. Remove the flans from the oven. Cool to room temperature then refrigerate for 1 hour. Bring the flans to room temperature for 30 minutes before serving. Top with corn relish and serve.nIn a small bowl, combine the corn, cilantro, red onion, and lime juice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup whole milk, 1 egg, 1 egg yolk, 2 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 Hass avocados, peeled and pitted, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Corn Relish, recipe follows, 1 cup fresh or frozen and thawed corn, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped red onion, 12 lime, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Avocado Flan, picturelink: e.syJth0sY0UXPtWSjllw63sjsmA8yO}, 45780: {instructions: In a pot, bring the coconut milk, ginger, and horseradish to a boil and reduce by a quarter. Strain and set aside to cool. In a mixing bowl, combine the tuna, tomato, and coconut sauce. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace in a serving bowl and garnish with the red onion and scallion., ingredients: [10 ounces coconut milk, 1 tablespoon chopped ginger, 1 tablespoon grated horseradish, 12 ounces sashimi quality tuna, cubed into medium pieces, 1 tomato, seeded and diced, 1 small red onion, julienned, 1 scallion, julienned], title: Coconut Tuna Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 45781: {instructions: Place a pizza stone on the floor or the lowest rack of your oven. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPat the pizza dough into a 12inch diameter circle and place it on a peel. Spread on the tomatoes and put on the fresh mozzarella. Slide the pizza onto the stone and bake for 8 to 10 minutes. When finished, sprinkle on a few drops of olive oil and garnish with basil leaves.nBuon Appetito, ingredients: [12 cup canned San Marzano tomatoes, hand crushed, 2 ounces buffalo milk mozzarella, sliced, Extravirgin olive oil, to serve, 3 to 4 fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Regina Margherita, picturelink: null}, 45782: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSplit the squashes in half and scrape out seeds. Line an oven tray with aluminum foil. Season the spaghetti squash with olive oil, salt, and pepper. Place flesh side down and roast for 30 to 40 minutes until fully cooked. Remove from the oven and let rest until cool enough to handle.nMeanwhile heat the marinara sauce in a large saute pan.nWhen squash is cool enough to handle, using a large kitchen spoon scrape the strands of squash from the inside of the skin. Toss the spaghetti squash in the pan with the hot marinara for just long enough to get hot. Serve and enjoy., ingredients: [2 whole spaghetti squash, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups prepared jarred marinara sauce], title: Spaghetti Squash with Marinara, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 45783: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the potato with water to cover and boil until tender, about 10 minutes. Add beans and simmer 2 minutes. Drain the mixture well, reserving about 13 cup cooking water, and force through a ricer or food mill back into pan. Stir in 12 tablespoon oil, about 13 garlic paste, salt and pepper to taste, and enough reserved cooking water to reach desired consistency and keep warm.nIn a shallow dish dredge lamb in flour, shaking off excess. In a heavy skillet, heat remaining tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute lamb about 3 minutes on each side for mediumrare meat. Transfer the lamb to a plate and keep warm.nTo the skillet, add shallot and remaining garlic paste and cook over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Deglaze the skillet with wine over high heat, scraping up any browned bits, and boil until reduced by about half. Stir in mustard, broth, and cream and simmer until thickened. Stir in parsley.nDivide puree between 2 plates and top with lamb and sauce., ingredients: [1 medium russet potato about 12 pound, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup drained canned white beans, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 14 teaspoon salt, 4 1inch thick loin lamb chops, Allpurpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper for dredging, 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallot about 2 large, 14 cup dry red wine, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 13 cup chicken or beef broth, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Lamb Chops with White BeanPotato Puree and Red Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45784: {instructions: In a medium saucepan coated with oil, sweat the onions and garlic on medium heat. Season. Add the rice and saute the rice for 3 to 5 minutes. Add wine and let rice completely absorb. Slowly add the hot stock, 1 ladle at a time while stirring. The rice needs to completely absorb the stock before another ladle is added. Stir the risotto often. The risotto is done when a creamy texture is achieved. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [Canola oil, 2 finely diced yellow onions, 1 heaping tablespoon minced garlic, 1 pound arborio rice, 12 cup white wine, 32 to 48 ounces hot vegetable stock, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Vegetarian Risotto, picturelink: null}, 45785: {instructions: Season the chicken breast cutlets evenly with smoked paprika, salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add chicken to pan and cook 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove from skillet and let rest, tented with foil. Wipe pan and add 2 tablespoons more extravirgin olive oil. Beat eggs with salt, pepper, milk or halfandhalf. Add roasted peppers to skillet and cook 30 seconds then add eggs and scramble to desired doneness with wooden spoon or spatula.nPreheat broiler. While eggs cook, toast rolls under broiler, 1 minute, then remove from oven.nTo assemble, slice chicken and pile on bun bottoms. Top each sammy with 14 of the eggs and a slice of cheese. Place sammies back under broiler 30 seconds to melt cheese. Reserve the tops. When cheese has melted, transfer the sammies to plates and top with a pile of watercress then set bun tops in place., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken breast cutlets, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons milk or halfandhalf, whichever you keep on hand for coffee, 2 roasted red peppers, pat dry and chopped, A handful of flatleaf parsley, chopped, 4 crusty rolls, split, 4 slices smoked Gouda, 2 cups chopped watercress 1 bunch], title: Which Came First Chicken and Egg Sammies Deluxe, picturelink: null}, 45786: {instructions: Add the orange, mango, pineapple, wine, honey and crushed ice to a blender and puree until smooth and creamy. Pour into white wine goblets and serve., ingredients: [1 small orange, peeled and segmented, 1 large ripe mango, diced, 2 cups fresh pineapple chunks, 2 cups very cold fruity white wine, Squeeze of honey, 2 cups crushed ice], title: Wine Smoothies, picturelink: RKNIGoLHmicypKenPSU8GT0wcxVI1SW}, 45787: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and season generously with salt. Add the green beans and blanch until crisptender, 2 to 3 minutes. Immediately transfer to an ice bath to stop the cooking, and then remove to a baking sheet lined with paper towels or a cooling rack to drain.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the canola oil and butter. When the butter is melted, add the garlic and stir until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the green beans, soy sauce, sesame seeds, and black pepper and saute until the sauce reduces slightly and thoroughly coats the green beans, being careful not to overcook beans.nTransfer to a serving dish and serve hot., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 pounds green beans, ends trimmed, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Soy Glazed Green Beans, picturelink: PkNssU45SAwQnBtM6GEcLgqYYAzLlby}, 45788: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the cupcakes:nLine mini cupcake pans with mini paper liners and set aside.nSift together the dry ingredients. Set aside.nIn a saucepan bring stout to a boil and continue boiling for 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in coconut butter to melt. Add lemon juice and allow to cool slightly, until mixture is lukewarm. Stir in sweetened condensed milk and whisk in the lightly beaten egg. Add the wet mixture to the dry ingredients and stir until just combined.nDistribute batter among the lined mini cupcake pans, filling each about 12 full. Stand a chocolate shard directly in the center of each cup. Place in the oven and bake for about 15 minutes. When cool enough to handle, remove cupcakes from the pan and set on a cooling rack to cool completely.nFor the pretzel crumbles:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMix together the flour, sugar, cayenne pepper, and salt. Using fingers, work in butter and then the crushed pretzels to create a coarse crumble. Spread the mixture onto a parchmentlined baking sheet. And bake for 1214 minutes, gently stirring once halfway through baking. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.nFor the frosting:nIn a double boiler or a heat proof bowl, combine all the ingredients except for the butter and sugar. Melt the mixture, stirring continuously until very thick, about 12 minutes. Remove the mixture from the heat and strain through a sieve to remove any lumps. Cool completely. Once the malt mixture has cooled, cream together with the butter. Incorporate the sugar and whip thoroughly, scraping down the sides of the bowl as you add the sugar.nTo assemble: Using a 38 inch pastry tip, pipe a donut of frosting encircling the belly button of the cupcake. Top each cupcake with the spicy pretzel crumbles and serve., ingredients: [strong, Batter:, strong, 12 cup cake flour, 13 cup Plus 1 Tbsp sugar, 14 cup SCHARFFEN BERGER Natural Unsweetened Cocoa Powder, 12 Tablespoon natural malted milk powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 ounces stout beer, 1 Tablespoon coconut butter, 12 Tablespoon Meyer lemon juice, 2 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 12 egg, lightly beaten, 1 ounce SCHARFFEN BERGER Bittersweet Dark Chocolate 70, roughly cut into shards about 1x 14 x 18, Spicy Pretzel Crumbles:, 2 Tablespoons flour, 2 Tablespoons light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, pinch salt, 2 Tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, 12 cup crushed pretzel sticks, Frosting:, 12 cup natural malted milk powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces stout beer, 1 Tablespoon Meyer lemon juice, 4 Tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, sifted], title: Beer Bellies Chocolate Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 45789: {instructions: In food processor, pulse the cereal until it is a fine powder consistency. Alternatively, you can crush the cereal in a resealable bag using a heavy can or rolling pin. Add 2 pinches salt.nIn a mixing bowl, beat the egg whites, add the milk and season with salt, and pepper, to taste, mixing well to combine. Soak the bread in the eggmilk mixture, then dredge in the crushed cereal.nPreheat a large saute pan or griddle and coat well with cooking spray. Over medium heat, cook the bread slices in batches, until browned on both sides, about 3 to 4 minutes per side., ingredients: [1 cup KELLOGGSu00ae FROOT LOOPSu00ae cereal, Kosher salt, to taste, 2 egg whites, 14 cup skim milk, Bread of choice, baguette or whole wheat suggested, sliced, Cooking spray], title: Froot Loopsandtrade French Toast, picturelink: null}, 45790: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the spinach and green onions in large salad bowl and sprinkle with the halved citrus supremes. In a small saute pan over medium heat, add the butter and sugar and stir until the butter is melted. Add the pecans and toss until the pecans begin to brown. Stir in the rosemary and cayenne and stir just a few seconds to release the aroma. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Sprinkle the pecans on the salad while still warm. Drizzle the dressing over salad and serve.nIn a small bowl, add all the ingredients and whisk until emulsified., ingredients: [3 cups fresh spinach, washed and dried, cut into chiffonade, 2 green onions, chopped, 1 orange, supremed and halved, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup pecan halves, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Citrus Dressing, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons orange or grapefruit juice or a combination, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spinach and Citrus Salad with Sweet and Spicy Pecans, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 45791: {instructions: Combine equal parts of plain bread crumbs and flour in a small bowl. Dip the alligator meat in the flour mixture and set the pieces aside. In a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the alligator meat to the hot oil and panfry until all sides are evenly browned. When the alligator is cooked through, remove the meat with tongs, and drain the excess oil on a paper towellined plate. Immediately add salt and freshly ground pepper to taste. Before serving, squeeze the juice of 1 lemon on top of the fried alligator.nIn a food processor, pulse the garlic, green onion, and white onion until minced and thoroughly combined. Add the egg yolks and lemon juice, and pulse again until blended. Slowly drizzle the oil into through the feeding tube of the processor until the sauce emulsifies. When the sauce is thickened, add salt, pepper, and a couple drops of hot pepper sauce, to taste. Serve as a dipping sauce for the Fried Alligator.nCombine the olive oil and butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. When hot, add the onion and shallot to the pan, and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic, and then add the alligator meat. Saute the alligator for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the meat begins to brown, flipping the meat when the first side begins browning. Add the tomatoes, parsley, lemon juice, and olives to the pan. Bring to a simmer, and then lower heat to maintain a simmer for 35 to 40 minutes. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nPound the alligator with a meat mallet to tenderize. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, and then add the olive oil and 4 tablespoons of butter. Add the shallot, and saute for 4 to 5 minutes, stirring with a wooden spoon so that it doesnt burn. Add the alligator meat to the pan, and saute for an additional 8 to 10 minutes, or until the alligator browns slightly. Add chicken stock and flour, and then cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the sauce thickens. Lower the heat to mediumlow, and add the capers and lemon juice, and then simmer for 15 minutes. Add butter, as needed, to thicken the sauce. Garnish the plate with lemon wedges., ingredients: [Bread crumbs, for dredging, Flour, for dredging, 8 to 10 pieces alligator meat, Olive oil, for frying, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, Garlic Aioli dipping sauce, recipe follows, Mediterranean Alligator with a Tomato and Caper Sauce, recipe follows, Alligator Picatta, recipe follows, 1 clove garlic, 1 green onion, 1 white onion, 4 egg yolks, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 cup vegetable oil, Salt and pepper, Hot taste pepper sauce, to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, chopped, 1 shallot, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 8 to 10 pieces alligator meat, 1 can whole peeled tomatoes, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, Kalamata olives, chopped, Salt and pepper, 8 to 10 pieces alligator meat, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 tablespoons butter, plus an additional 1 to 2 tablespoons for thickening sauce, 1 large shallot, chopped, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 lemons, juiced, plus additional wedges for garnish], title: Fried Alligator with a Garlic Aioli Dipping Sauce Mediterranean Alligator with a Tomato and Caper Sauce Alligator Picatta, picturelink: null}, 45792: {instructions: To a blender add half the milk, half the evaporated milk, the avocado, banana, honey, cocoa and vanilla. Blend until well combined and smooth, about 30 seconds. Add the remaining milk and evaporated milk and blend for 10 seconds until well incorporated. Drizzle each popsicle mold with 1 teaspoon of chocolate syrup. Divide the milk mixture among the molds, filling each up 14inch from the top. Cover the molds with the lid insert icepop sticks if needed and freeze overnight. To unmold, dip the mold into warm water for 30 seconds to loosen the ice pops., ingredients: [1 cup lowfat milk, 1 cup lowfat evaporated milk, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and peeled, 1 ripe banana, peeled, 3 tablespoons honey, 14 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Up to 4 tablespoons chocolate syrup], title: Chocolate Sundae Ice Pops, picturelink: oOcEFbI5PRywbWQDbN7SgmsADSLLhi}, 45793: {instructions: In a blender or food processor, puree the berries, lemon juice and lemon zest. Set aside.nIn a small saucepot, bring sucralose, water, and salt to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes or until slightly thickened. Add syrup to berry mixture. Place in ice cream machine and churn according to manufacturers directions., ingredients: [1 pound strawberries, trimmed of green tops, cut into slices or chunks, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 lemon, zested, 34 cup sucralose no calorie sweetener, 12 cup water, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Strawberry Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 45794: {instructions: For the lemon yogurt topping, whisk together the yogurt, lemon curd, honey, and vanilla and set aside at room temperature.nFor the fruit salad, carefully toss together the strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, sugar, and limoncello. Allow them to stand at room temperature for about 5 minutes to let the berries macerate with the sugar and liqueur. Gently fold the banana into the mixture.nServe bowls of fruit with a dollop of lemon yogurt on top. Top each with a sprig of fresh mint., ingredients: [7 ounces Greek yogurt recommended: Fage Total, 13 cup good bottled lemon curd, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups sliced strawberries 1 pint, 1 cup raspberries 12 pint, 1 cup blueberries 12 pint, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons limoncello liqueur, 1 banana, sliced, Fresh mint springs], title: Fruit Salad with Limoncello, picturelink: oSJcDBo57w7pSNggXoQINTYgUAPiUEq}, 45795: {instructions: Add the tea, mango juice, gin and simple syrup to a pitcher. Stir and refrigerate until chilled. Serve in glasses filled with ice and garnished with fresh mango slices and mint., ingredients: [1 quart freshly brewed tea, chilled, 2 cups fresh mango juice, chilled, 12 cup gin, 14 to 12 cup simple syrup equal parts sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves cool, Ice cubes, as needed, Fresh mango slices, for garnish, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Mango Ice Tea with Gin, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 45796: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Make the sweetandsour sauce: Whisk the ketchup, marmalade, soy sauce, vinegar, ginger and cayenne in a small bowl. Put the bell peppers and scallions on a rimmed baking sheet and toss with 2 tablespoons of the prepared sauce, 1 12 teaspoons olive oil and a pinch of salt.nHeat the remaining 1 12 teaspoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt. Working in batches, add the chicken to the skillet skinside down and cook, undisturbed, until the skin is golden and slightly crisp, about 4 minutes. Place skinside up on the baking sheet with the vegetables.nBrush the chicken with half of the remaining sweetandsour sauce. Bake until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 165 degrees F, 20 to 25 minutes. Divide the chicken and vegetables among plates. Serve with rice and the remaining sauce.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [3 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade or apricot preserves, 2 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and finely grated, Large pinch of cayenne pepper optional, 2 bell peppers 1 red, 1 yellow, quartered lengthwise, 1 bunch scallions, cut into 3inch pieces, 3 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 8 skinon, bonein chicken thighs 3 to 3 34 pounds, Cooked white rice, for serving optional], title: Baked SweetandSour Chicken, picturelink: UlLRfgidW73tuMBIBzZQ7dMTRW2q6kq}, 45797: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine sugar and 12 cup water bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Lower heat and simmer 3 minutes. Cool completely. Stir in lime juice and mint. Cover syrup and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour.nIn a large bowl combine honeydew and cantaloupe cubes. Add syrup and jalapeno and toss to combine. Serve melon with a little syrup spooned over., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup coarselychopped fresh mint, 1 2pound small ripe honeydew, peeled and cut in 1inch cubes, 1 1 12pound cantaloupe, peeled and cut in 1inch cubes, 2 teaspoons minced jalapenos], title: Melon with Mint Lime Syrup and Jalapeno Adapted from Food and Wine Magazine, picturelink: null}, 45798: {instructions: Place the bananas in a large dish. Scoop 3 to 4 balls of ice cream onto the bananas. Top with the berries, chocolate sauce, and peanuts., ingredients: [2 bananas, halved lengthwise, 12 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 pint blackberries, picked over and washed, 1 pint raspberries, picked over and washed, Chocolate sauce, storebought or homemade, 1 cup peanuts], title: Banana Split, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 45799: {instructions: For the whipped cream: Combine the mint, 1 cup water and 12 cup of the sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat cook until sugar dissolves. Let the mixture cool before using. In a large bowl, whip the cream and remaining sugar until it forms stiff peaks. Add the simple syrup and gently fold into the cream until combined. Chill until ready to use.nFor the crust: Mix the flour, salt, pepper and sugar together in a mixing bowl. Add the shortening and mix with hands until it comes together into pieces the size of bbs. Add cold water little by little until the dough comes together you can always add water but you cant take it away. Ball up the dough into 6 baseballsize crusts and roll each one out.nFor the filling: Put the blackberries, strawberries, rhubarb, lemon zest and juice into a large bowl. Add the sugar and tapioca starch and combine.nTo assemble: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line five 8inch deep pie pans with the pie crust. Divide the filling evenly among the pans. Bake until juice is coming out like molten lava, about 45 minutes. Top with the mint whipped cream., ingredients: [1 ounce fresh mint, 34 cup sugar, 1 quart heavy cream, 2 pounds allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 pound shortening, 2 pounds whole blackberries, 2 pounds strawberries, sliced, 2 pounds rhubarb, sliced into 14 to 12inch pieces, 1 lemon, zest and juice, 4 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons tapioca starch], title: Strawberry, Blackberry, Rhubarb Pie, picturelink: XoNJfD3ocExJ.f8waXX0zilrWg3iQgK}, 45800: {instructions: Prepare the pie crust: In a bowl, combine the flour, lard, butter and salt. Mix lightly with your fingers until the mixture forms peasized pieces. Using a fork, stir in the ice water, a little at a time, until a dough forms, and then knead lightly until it comes together in a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough into a round about 12inches in diameter and 14 inch thick. Drape the round over the rolling pin and transfer to a 9 inch or 10 inch glass or ceramic pie plate. Ease the pastry into the pie plate, pressing it gently against the bottom and sides. Trim the edges, leaving a generous 12 inch overhang. Fold the overhang under, then crimp the edges. Cover and chill for 30 to 60 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prick the bottom and sides of the pastry with a fork. Line the pastry with parchment paper or waxed paper and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until lightly browned, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from oven and remove the weights and paper. Transfer the pie shell to a rack and cool completely.nFilling: In a food processor fitted with the metal blade, combine the lime juice, green food coloring, cream cheese and condensed milk. Process until smooth, scraping down the sides of the work bowl often. Add the lime zest and process to mix thoroughly. Pour into the pie shell and place in the refrigerator.nIn a bowl, using a whisk, beat the crema and powdered sugar until soft peaks form. Using a rubber spatula, spread the mixture over the top of the pie, creating peaks evenly over the surface. Garnish with the lime slices. Cover and chill for 4 to 6 hours or overnight before serving., ingredients: [2 cups all purpose flour, 12 cup lard, chilled, 2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup ice water, 34 cup fresh lime juice, Drop of green food coloring, 1 pound cream cheese, room temperature, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, Grated zest of 1 lime, 1 cup crema or creme fraiche, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 lime, thinly sliced, for garnish], title: Lime Pie, picturelink: null}, 45801: {instructions: Make rub: mix all ingredients together in a small bowl or jar You can store it for a couple of months in a tightly sealed jar.nCoat the chops generously with spice rub and let marinate for up to 2 hours at room temperature or overnight in the refrigerator. Let refrigerated meat come to room temperature before cooking. Scrape off any excess rub and pat the chops dry.nIn a large, heavy skillet, heat the oil over high heat. When the pan is hot enough to sear the chops but not burn them, add the chops. They should make a gentle hissing sound when they hit the pan, not an explosive sputter. Adjust the heat if the pan seems too hot or remove the pan from the heat for 30 seconds or so count this time as part of the overall cooking time. Sear the chops on one side for 1 to 2 minutes, or until beginning to brown lightly. Turn the chops over and sear for 1 minute more.nReduce the heat so that the chops continue to sizzle  do not turn the heat so low that there are no more sizzling sounds if the heat is too low, the chops will sweat and juices will exude from the meat and leave it dry. Cover the pan and cook for 3 to 4 more minutes more on the other side. The chops are done when the meat is firm but not hard when pressed with a finger. Better still, test them with an instantread thermometer  the meat should register 145 to 155 degrees and will still be acceptable at 160 degrees. For the juiciest results, remove the chops from the pan when they register 145 degrees, cover loosely with foil, and let them rest for 5 minutes or so before serving, to stabilize the juices.nTo make the pan sauce: pour off all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the pan, leaving any meat juices. Adjust the heat to medium and add garlic. Stir, cook for 30 seconds, then add remaining ingredients, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Bring the sauce to a boil and reduce it over high heat until it just turns syrupy. Put the pork chops back into the pan and turn them several times in the sauce to transfer the flavors  this should take no more than 30 seconds. Serve chops with sauce, ingredients: [4 1 14 to 1 12inch thick centercut loin pork chops, either rib or Tbone, trimmed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons paprika, preferably Hungarian, 1 tablespoons chile powder, preferably Gebhardt, 1 to 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper optional, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, or garlic powder, 2 tablespoons light or dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, preferably Colmans, 1 teaspoon ground sage, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 cup salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic, 12 cup dry white wine or dry vermouth, 12 cup chicken or beef stock, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh herbs, such as sage, rosemary, thyme, savory, or dill or 12 teaspoon dried, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Sauteed Spice Rubbed Pork Chops with Pan Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45802: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper, and saute until fragrant, stirring, about 30 seconds. Add the white wine and tomato sauce, increase the heat to high, cover and bring to a boil.nAdd the mussels and replace the lid. Cook over high heat 3 minutes. Remove the lid and stir once gently. Continue to cook until the mussels are completely open and firmly cooked, about 4 minutes more.nRemove the pot from the heat and transfer the mussels gently from the pot to a large bowl with a Chinese wire mesh skimmer. Return the pot to the heat and increase the heat to high. Boil for a minute or 2, until the sauce is thick enough to coat a spoon. Pour the sauce over the mussels and serve immediately.nPlace the canned tomatoes in a large bowl and place your clean hands in the bowl and crush the tomatoes so they breakup into a range of small pieces.nIn a 5quart Dutch oven heat the olive oil over medium heat until it is fragrant, but before it smokes, about 40 seconds. Add the bay leaves and stir them in the oil until they begin to brown, about 10 seconds. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute until it starts to turn golden brown, then add the onions, carrots, and oregano. Cook the vegetables until they are very brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. Stir occasionally, just enough to prevent them from scorching.nAdd the crushed tomatoes with their juice, the tomato paste, salt and pepper, and 1 12 cups of water, white wine or clam juice can be added depending on the intended use and bring to a boil. Lower the heat, and simmer, partially covered until the sauce level has reduced by 2 or 3 inches and the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Cook the sauce for about 1 hour, stirring occasionally so it doesnt stick.nRemove from heat, cool down in the pot, then when at room temperature, transfer to a sealed plastic container and refrigerate until ready to use.nThis sauce will keep 10 days in a wellsealed container in the refrigerator.nUsing my recipe for basic Red Sauce, you can make a quick and spicy fra diavolo sauce that is delicious drizzled over grilled squid and other seafood. For equipment you will need a 3quart saucepan and a wooden spoon.nHeat the olive oil in a 3quart saucepan slightly over medium heat and saute the garlic and crushed red pepper until the garlic is fragrant and beginning to brown, about 40 seconds.nAdd the Red Sauce, clam juice, and salt, to taste, and simmer, stirring occasionally over mediumlow heat, until the sauce returns to the thickness and quantity of the Red Sauce, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 6 cloves, 1 to 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper, 1 cup white wine, 2 cups Red Sauce or Fra Diavlo Sauce, recipes follow, 3 pounds medium mussels, scrubbed, debearded, rinsed and drained, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, Two 35ounce cans plum tomatoes in juice, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 2 bay leaves, 1 head about 12 medium cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped, 2 medium onions about 12 ounces, cut in 14inch dice, 2 medium carrots about 8 ounces, cut in 14inch dice, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon kosher or sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 large cloves garlic, chopped about 14 cup, 1 12 teaspoons crushed red pepper, 2 cups Red Sauce, recipe above, One 8ounce bottle clam juice, Kosher or sea salt], title: Mussels in Spicy Red Sauce, picturelink: fbjQo1kcnJVbaAq.sXQCg0s9zSAidxK}, 45803: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 10 by 15inch jellyroll pan, buttered and lined with buttered parchmentnTo make the buttercream: Whisk the egg whites and sugar together in the bowl of an electric mixer. Set the bowl over simmering water and whisk gently until the sugar is dissolved and the egg whites are hot. Attach the bowl to the mixer and whip with the whisk on medium speed until cooled. Switch to the paddle and beat in the softened butter and continue beating until the buttercream is smooth. Dissolve the instant coffee in the liquor and beat into the buttercream.nTurn the genoise layer over and peel away the paper. Invert onto a fresh piece of paper. Spread the layer with half the buttercream. Use the paper to help you roll the cake into a tight cylinder Transfer to baking sheet and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or until set. Reserve the remaining buttercream for the outside of the buche.nTo make the marzipan: Combine the almond paste and 1 cup of the sugar in the bowl of the electric mixer and beat with the paddle attachment on low speed until the sugar is almost absorbed. Add the remaining 1 cup sugar and mix until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Add half the corn syrup, then continue mixing until a bit of the marzipan holds together when squeezed, adding additional corn syrup a little at a time, as necessary the marzipan in the bowl will still appear crumbly. Transfer the marzipan to a work surface and knead until smooth.nTo make marzipan mushrooms: Roll 13 of the marzipan into a 6inch long cylinder and cut into 1inch lengths. Roll half the lengths into balls. Press the remaining cylindrical lengths stems into the balls caps to make mushrooms. Smudge with cocoa powder. To make holly leaves: Knead green color into 12 the remaining marzipan and roll it into a long cylinder. Flatten with the back of a spoon, then loosen it from the surface with a spatula. Cut into diamonds to make leaves, or use a cutter.nTo make holly berries: Knead red color into a tiny piece of marzipan. Roll into tiny balls.nTo make pine cones, knead cocoa powder into the remaining marzipan. Divide in half and form into 2 cone shapes. Slash the sides of cones with the points of a pair of scissors.nUnwrap the cake. Trim the ends on the diagonal, starting the cuts about 2 inches away from each end. Position the larger cut piece on the buche about 23 across the top. Cover the buche with the reserved buttercream, making sure to curve around the protruding stump. Streak the buttercream with a fork or decorating comb to resemble bark. Transfer the buche to a platter and decorate with the marzipan. Sprinkle the platter and buche sparingly with confectioners sugar snow.nStorage: Keep at cool room temperature. Cover leftovers loosely and keep at room temperature.nSet rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees.nHalffill a medium saucepan with water and bring it to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat so the water is simmering.nWhisk the eggs, yolks, salt, and sugar together in the bowl of a heavyduty mixer. Place over the pan of simmering water and whisk gently until the mixture is just lukewarm, about 100 degrees test with your finger. Attach the bowl to the mixer and with the whisk attachment, whip on mediumhigh speed until the egg mixture is cooled touch the outside of the bowl to tell and tripled in volume.nWhile the eggs are whipping, stir together the flour, cornstarch, and cocoa.nSift 13 of the flour mixture over the beaten eggs. Use a rubber spatula to fold in the flour mixture, making sure to scrape all the way to the bottom of the bowl on every pass through the batter to prevent the flour mixture from accumulating there and making lumps. Repeat with another 13 of the flour mixture and finally with the remainder.nScrape the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake the genoise for about 10 to 12 minutes, or until well risen, deep and firm to the touch. Make sure the cake doesnt overbake and become too dry, or it will be hard to roll.nUse a small paring knife to loosen the cake from the sides of the pan. Invert the cake onto a rack and let the cake cool right side up on the paper. Remove the paper when the cake is cool.nStorage: Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for several days, or doublewrap and freeze for up to a month.nYield: 1 10 by 15inch sheet cake, ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 1 cup sugar, 24 tablespoons 3 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 2 tablespoons rum or brandy, 1 Chocolate Genoise Sheet, recipe follows, 8 ounces almond paste, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 3 to 5 tablespoons light corn syrup, Cocoa powder, Red and green liquid food coloring, Confectioners sugar, 3 large eggs, 3 large egg yolks, Pinch salt, 34 cup sugar, 13 cup cake flour spoon flour into drymeasure cup and level off, 13 cup cornstarch, 14 cup alkalized Dutch process cocoa], title: Buche de Noel, picturelink: 0a1NqmBUqeh9ezq2ohqbZIryYyVO3S}, 45804: {instructions: Special equipment: You will need a food processor, several 10 by 14inch baking sheets or pizza pans, a pizza cutter or a sharp knife, and a clean spray bottle.nPlace the flour and salt in a food processor and process for 10 seconds to mix thoroughly. With the motor running, add the water in a steady stream, then process for 10 seconds longer. The dough should have formed into one large ball if not, feel the dough: If it feels very sticky, add 3 to 4 tablespoons more flour and process briefly until a ball forms. If the dough feels dry and floury, start the processor again, add 2 to 3 tabespoons more water, and process until a ball of dough forms.nOnce you have a ball of dough, process for 1 minute more, no longer. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 30 seconds or so. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees, and place two racks near the center of the oven.nDivide the dough into 8 pieces. Work with one piece at a time, leaving the other pieces covered. On a lightly floured surface, with lightly floured hands, flatten a piece of dough with your palms. Then roll it out to a very thin rectangle or round, as even a thinness as possible to ensure even cooking. Gently lift the dough from your rollling surface and place it on a large baking sheet or pizza pan. Sprinkle on one of the optional toppings or leave plain. Using a knife or a pizza cutter, cut through the dough to make rectangular crackers. Dont worry if they are not all exactly the same size. Variations in size and flavor will make your crackers interesting. Spray the dough lightly with water and place on the upper oven rack.nBegin rolling out the next piece of dough, keeping an eye on the crackers already baking. Crackers brown from underneath. Check on them 2 12 to 3 minutes after they go in. As soon as the thinnest patches of the dough have started to brown, take them out. If necessary, continue baking, checking every 30 seconds, but it is better to take the crackers out a little early than too late.nYou will soon get a feel for timing and degree of doneness. Variables that affect timing are the heat of your oven and how thin you managed to roll out your dough. When they come out of the oven, some of the crackers will be crisp, while others will need a little time in the air to crisp up. Transfer to a large bowl, breaking up any incompletely separated crackers. Roll out the remaining dough, season, and bake. When completely cool, crackers can be stored in a wellsealed plastic bag or cookie tins for up to a month., ingredients: [3 cups hard whole wheat flour, or more as necessary, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups warm water, Grated Parmesan, Cayenne, Coarse salt, Sesame seeds, Cumin seed], title: HighTech Crackers, picturelink: null}, 45805: {instructions: Heat enough peanut oil to come halfway up the sides of a heavybottomed pot until an oil thermometer reads 375 degrees F or heat the oil in a deep fat fryer.nTo make the chiacchere: In a big bowl, combine the flour and brown sugar. Make a hole in the center of the mixture and pour in the eggs, unsalted butter and appleflavored brandy. Carefully mix the center with a fork until the eggs are beaten. Slowly bring a bit of flour towards the center, keep doing this until all the flour is damp with egg mixture. Knead it together until you get a stiff dough. Add a bit of flour if dough is too sticky. Form the dough into a ball, cover it with a damp towel and let it sit for 1 hour. Roll out the dough about 18inch thick. Use a pastry cutter to slice it into 1inch wide by 5inch long ribbons. Fry the ribbons in the oil until they become golden. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on a wire rack set over a paper towellined baking sheet. Dust the fried dough with confectioners sugar.nTo make the mocha: Make 4 espressos. In a jar, combine the cocoa powder, brown sugar and 12 a cup of milk. Shake vigorously until smooth. Pour the chocolate mixture into a pot, add 1 12 cups milk and whisk together. Heat the chocolate mixture over mediumlow heat. The second that it begins to steam, cover the pot and take it off of the heat. In a coffee bowl, pour together equal parts espresso and chocolate milk. Sprinkle with a pinch cayenne pepper or cinnamon., ingredients: [Peanut oil or canola oil, for deep frying, 1 12 cups flour, sifted, 2 heaping tablespoons brown sugar, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons appleflavored brandy recommended: Calvados, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 4 Espressos, 4 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 cups milk, Pinch ground cayenne pepper or ground cinnamon, for topping mochas], title: Mocha Served with Chiacchere, picturelink: null}, 45806: {instructions: BlackberryCaramel:nHeat the cream in a small saucepan over low heat.nCombine sugar and water in a small saucepan over high heat and cook, without stirring, until amber brown, about 8 minutes. Slowly whisk in the warm cream, blackberry puree and liqueur and cook until smooth and slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the vanilla extract. Let come to room temperature.nFrench Toast:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put a baking sheet in the oven.nWhisk together the eggs, sugar and salt in a large baking dish until smooth. Add the pumpkin puree, ground spices, milk, 14 cup of the heavy cream, vanilla and rum and whisk until smooth.nPut 4 slices of the bread in the custard mixture and let sit for 2 minutes. Carefully turn over the slices and let sit until the bread is completely soaked through, about 2 more minutes.nWhile the bread is soaking, heat 3 tablespoons of the butter and 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large pan over mediumhigh heat until the mixture begins to sizzle. Cook the 4 slices of the bread until golden brown on the bottom, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip over and continue cooking until the bottom is golden brown, about 2 minutes longer. Remove to the baking sheet in the oven to keep warm. Wipe out the pan with paper towels and repeat the process with the butter, oil and remaining 4 pieces of bread.nCombine the mascarpone and remaining 14 cup of heavy cream in a bowl and using a stand mixer or handheld mixer, beat until fluffy and smooth. Scrape the mixture into a bowl and fold in a few tablespoons of the blackberrycaramel sauce. Put the sauce into a small saucepan over low heat and heat or put it in the microwave for a minute or so to just warm through.nRemove the French toast from the oven and arrange them on a serving platter. Top 4 slices of the toast with a large dollop of the blackberrycaramel mascarpone and some of the blackberries. Cover with the remaining 4 pieces of toast and drizzle each with some of the warm blackberry caramel sauce. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar, garnish with fresh mint sprig and serve., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 12 cup blackberry puree, 2 teaspoons blackberry liqueur, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup pumpkin puree, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 34 cups whole milk, plus more if needed, 12 cup heavy cream, divided, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 8 slices day old challah, sliced 12inch thick, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 cups mascarpone, at room temperature, 1 pint blackberries, halved lengthwise, Confectioners sugar, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Pumpkin French Toast Stuffed with BlackberryCaramel Mascarpone, picturelink: PmFgoWI5lYBtaXfjke.OMJOyBKIdmy}, 45807: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until lightly golden brown. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the chicken broth, 34 cup water, the ketchup, vinegar, ginger, cayenne, dates, cloves, cinnamon stick and honey to taste and cook until the dates are very soft and the mixture has reduced slightly.nTransfer to a blender and blend until smooth. Add the chopped cilantro and salt and pepper to taste and pulse to incorporate. Transfer to a bowl and let cool. Remove 14 cup for garnish.nHeat a charcoal or gas grill to mediumhigh for direct grilling.nBrush the lamb with oil on both sides and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill, brushing with the glaze and turning once or twice, until cooked to mediumrare, about 10 minutes total. Remove and let rest before slicing.nPlace the lamb slices on a platter, drizzle with the reserved glaze and garnish with cilantro leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for brushing, 1 small Spanish onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 34 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon cayenne powder, 12 pitted dates, coarsely chopped, 3 whole cloves, 1 cinnamon stick, Clover honey, as needed, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus whole leaves, for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds lamb loin], title: Lamb Loin with Spicy Date Glaze, picturelink: HZ17EMT8JlGlsbn.L.i.q3NyV57.hCG}, 45808: {instructions: Place the yucca in a large 6quart pot. Cover with 5 quarts cold water. Add the salt and bring to boil over high heat. Lower heat to medium and cook covered until it feels tender when pierced with a fork but still keeps its shape, about 30 minutes. Be careful not to overcook because yucca can turn into a gooey paste. Turn the heat to low and leave the yucca in the hot water until ready to serve.nFor The Mojo Sauce: While the yucca cooks, prepare the mojo sauce. Heat the olive oil until fragrant in a medium frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onion rings until lightly golden. Add the garlic and the cumin and saute, stirring for a few seconds, until golden. Pour in the bitter orange juice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Very quickly, drain the yucca in a large colander and transfer to a decorative serving platter. Cover with the mojo sauce and serve piping hot.nIn Cuba and the Hispanic Caribbean, yucca con mojo is served alongside rice and beans and roast pork, ingredients: [6 pounds whole yucca fresh or frozen, peeled and cut into 3inch sections about 5 pounds trimmed weight or 5 pounds frozen chunks, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 small Spanish onions, sliced into thin rings, 12 cloves garlic, finely minced or mashed to a paste with mortar and pestle, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 13 cup bitter orange juice or a mixture of lime juice and orange juice reduce amount if a less tart taste is desired, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Yucca with Garlic Sauce: Yucca con Mojo, picturelink: null}, 45809: {instructions: To make tempura, mix flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and curry powder in a bowl. Dredge the shrimp in this dry mix, shaking any excess back into the bowl, and add seltzer to the tempura in a stream while whisking constantly to make it into batter. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat canola oil to 375 degrees F in a deepfryer, or according to the manufacturers instructions for similar foods.nThread the dusted shrimp onto skewers, approximately 4 to a skewer. Pour the tempura batter into a glass pie plate, dip each skewer of shrimp into the tempura batter, and add to the deep fryer basket. Fry until golden brown. Drain on paper toweling and serve warm.nNote: In the episode this dish was used as part of the bento box of 5 cooked tasting size entrees in conjunction with Miso Glazed Pink Cod Chicken Yakitori with Scallions Shrimp Tempura Gyoza and Korokee., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cornstarch, 4 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 12 ounces cold seltzer, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 liters canola oil approximately, as needed for deepfrying, 1 pound 2130 count shrimp, deveined and shells removed, Special equipment: Approximately 12 8inch bamboo skewers], title: Shrimp Tempura, picturelink: null}, 45810: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 45811: {instructions: Spread 23 tablespoon of whipped cream on a wafer and stack on another cookie. Alternate whipped cream with wafers and assemble on long plate in the shape of log. When all wafers are assemble use remaining whipped cream to coat all sides. Chill for 68 hours. Slice on the diagaonal and serve., ingredients: [1 package chocolate wafers, 2 cups whipped cream], title: Refrigerated Cake, picturelink: null}, 45812: {instructions: Combine the tuna, cilantro, ginger, jalapeno if using, shallot, soy sauce and sesame oil in a bowl toss gently. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 2 hours.nJust before serving, fold in the avocado. Scoop 1 12 to 2 tablespoons of the poke onto each on lettuce leaf. Serve., ingredients: [1 pound sashimigrade tuna, cut into small cubes, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 1 jalapeno, minced, optional, 1 shallot, minced, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 avocado, cut into small cubes, 1 head Bibb lettuce, leaves separated], title: Tuna Avocado Poke, picturelink: C03gYk4ZJYAgg7ibzYWWjkxkqbiNV2}, 45813: {instructions: Prepare a smoker. Season ribs with salt and spice rub on both sides. Place ribs into smoker. Smoke for 1 12 hours, flipping them over once. No sauce is needed, as the ribs are cooked the cowboy way, over direct heat with salt and spices only., ingredients: [1 slab pork ribs, Salt, Favorite spice rub recommended: Coopers Spice Rub], title: Coopers Pork Ribs, picturelink: vJKuEDuOhIO1QPfruV7UG55KgM1kkUO}, 45814: {instructions: In a large pot, bring stock to a boil.nWhile stock is heating, chop all vegetables into small pieces approximately 12inch cubes.nIn a saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, melt half of the butter. Saute vegetables with ginger and nutmeg for approximately 15 minutes, or until vegetables are browned. Add remaining butter as needed.nAdd Sauteed vegetables to stock, reduce heat, cover with a lid, and simmer for 30 minutes.nLet cool to room temperature and then puree in a blender. Soup should be thick and smooth. If you like your soup velvety smooth, pour through a fine mesh strainer.nAdd salt and pepper.nTo serve, reheat, ladle into bowls, then drizzle 1 tablespoon of cream into each bowl. Serve in warmed bowls., ingredients: [7 cups chicken, or vegetable stock, 2 pounds fresh carrots, peeled, 3 leeks, sliced in half lengthwise and thoroughly cleaned, 1 yam, peeled, 4 stalks celery, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 3inch piece fresh ginger root, peeled and grated, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 pint heavy cream optional], title: Cream of Carrot Soup with Fresh Ginger, picturelink: null}, 45815: {instructions: Combine the currants and rum in a small bowl and set aside. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter and brush a 5cup 6 12 by 3 12inch tube pan or kugelhopf mold with the melted butter. Be sure to coat every crevice of the pan. Heat the milk to 115 degrees F and then pour it into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Stir in the yeast and sugar and allow to sit for 5 minutes.nWith the mixer on low speed, first add the eggs, then the flour, salt, and remaining 4 tablespoons of butter. Raise the speed to mediumhigh and beat for 5 minutes. Scrape down the bowl and beater to form the dough into a ball. It will be very soft. Cover the bowl with a damp towel and allow it to rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nDrain the currants, fold them into the dough with a spatula, and spoon into the prepared pan. Smooth the top, cover the pan with a damp towel, and allow to rise until the dough reaches the top of the pan, 50 minutes to 1 hour.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and make the Rum Syrup.nBake the cake for about 30 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean. Allow to cool for 10 minutes, then tap it out of the cake pan onto a baking rack set over a sheet pan. Pour all of the Rum Syrup very slowly onto the warm cake, allowing it all to soak in thoroughly. Amazingly, the liquid will be absorbed into the cake, so be sure to use all of the syrup.nHeat the preserves with 1 tablespoon of water until runny, press it through a sieve, and brush it on the cake. Serve with Whipped Cream piped into the middle of the cake plus an extra bowl on the side.nPlace the sugar and 1 12 cups water in a small saucepan and cook over high heat until the sugar dissolves. Pour into a 4cup heatproof measuring cup and allow to cool. Add the rum and vanilla and set aside.nWhip the cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. When it starts to thicken, add the sugar and vanilla and continue to whip until the cream forms stiff peaks. Dont overbeat, or youll end up with butter, ingredients: [13 cup dried currants, 1 tablespoon good dark rum, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup milk, 1 package dry yeast, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 23 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Rum Syrup, recipe follows, 34 cup apricot preserves, 1 tablespoon water, Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 23 cup good dark rum, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups 1 pint cold heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Baba au Rhum, picturelink: OAUMK8SRU12EyZSzAzGRXwzuOy.5Lju}, 45816: {instructions: Using a mandolin or very sharp knife, julienne the jicama, beets, and carrots and combine in a large bowl.nSlice off the ends of the oranges. Using a paring knife, remove the peel and pith from the oranges, following the curve of the fruit. Slice on either side of the membranes to remove the segments. Transfer the orange segments to the jicama mixture.nSqueeze enough juice from the membranes into a bowl, to make 14 cup. Whisk the lime juice into the orange juice. While whisking, drizzle in the oil to make smooth vinaigrette. Pour the vinaigrette over jicama mixture, toss to coat, and season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the jicama salad to a platter and sprinkle with the peanuts., ingredients: [1 pound jicama about 1 large, peeled, 2 large beets, trimmed and peeled, 2 large carrots, peeled and cut into 3inch lengths, 2 large navel oranges, 3 to 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice about 2 to 3 limes, 2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup unsalted peanuts, toasted and coarsely chopped], title: Jicama Salad, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 45817: {instructions: Place the chickpea flour, spinach, yogurt, 12 cup water, cumin, coriander, fenugreek and onions into a large bowl. Season with salt and stir until well combined.nPour the oil into a large pot with a heavy bottom and heat to 350 degrees F.nCarefully drop tablespoons of the batter into the hot oil and fry, in batches, until they rise to the surface and are golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain on a rack lined with paper towels and sprinkle with a little salt.nServe the pakoras with the Pear and Mint Chutney.nPlace a skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. When hot, add the onions and cook until very soft, about 3 minutes. Add the cardamom and fennel seeds and cook for 30 seconds. Set aside.nPut the pears into a food processor along with the mint and onion mixture. Season with some salt, and then puree until it has a smooth but slightly chunky texture. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 cups chickpea flour, 1 cup chopped spinach leaves, 1 cup yogurt, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon dried fenugreek leaves, crushed with hands, 1 large onion, sliced thinly, Salt, 2 cups vegetable oil, for frying, Pear and Mint Chutney, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 2 extraripe pears, peeled, cored and chopped, such as Anjou or Bartlett, 1 cup chopped fresh mint, Pinch of salt], title: Spinach and Onion Pakoras with Pear and Mint Chutney, picturelink: null}, 45818: {instructions: For the creme patissiere: Whisk the egg yolks with the sugar until pale and thick, and then whisk in the cornstarch.nAdd the cocoa powder to the milk and bring to a boil switch off the heat. Pour the milk in a slow stream onto the egg mixture, whisking vigorously all the time. Pour slowly to avoid scrambling the eggs. Return the mixture to a clean pot over a medium heat and whisk continuously. Make sure to scrape the sides and the bottom, otherwise it will burn. The cream will start to thicken. Once it releases a bubble or two, take it off the heat.nPour into a shallow bowl. Cover with cling film pat the cling film so it sticks directly onto the cream and refrigerate for at least an hour before using.nFor the meringue: Put half the egg whites into a clean glass or metal bowl. Add the sugar, lemon juice and salt and whisk until white. Add the rest of the egg whites and continue whisking until the meringue forms stiff peaks when the whisk is removed.nMelt the chocolate in a bain marie a heatproof bowl set over a pot of simmering water or in the microwave on a low setting. Whip the cream until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed.nTo make the mousse, beat the chilled creme patissiere to remove any lumps before stirring in the melted chocolate. Mix in one third of the meringue, and then gently fold in the rest followed by the whipped cream.nTo serve, brush 4 to 6 glasses or ramekins with butter. Add some cocoa nibs and roll them around the sides and bottom of the glasses until evenly coated. Divide the mousse among the glasses and chill for at least an hour, but ideally 4 hours. Serve chilled, sprinkled with cocoa nibs. The mousse is best eaten the same day and should not be kept for more than 2 days., ingredients: [3 freerange egg yolks, 2 ounces50 grams caster sugar superfine, 1 ounce20 grams cornflour cornstarch, 1 heaped tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 9 fluid ounces250 milliliters whole milk, 3 freerange egg whites, 2 ounces50 grams icing sugar confectioners, Couple drops lemon juice, Pinch of salt, 5 12 ounces150 grams dark chocolate, finely chopped, 7 fluid ounces200 milliliters whipping cream, 2 tablespoons soft butter, 2 ounces50 grams cocoa nibs], title: Chocolate Mousse with Cocoa Nibs, picturelink: null}, 45819: {instructions: Saute onion, celery, and garlic in oil until tender, about 5 minutes. In a large stockpot add chicken, water, bay leaf, chiles, oregano, cumin, dry mustard, basil, Old Bay, Cajun seasoning, chipotle, chicken base, and pickled jalapeno and simmer for 1 12 hours. Add the drained beans and heavy cream and simmer for 1 hour, or until the beans are tender. Garnish soup with carrots and sour cream., ingredients: [2 cups diced onions, 2 cups diced celery, 5 garlic cloves, chopped, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 pound chicken breast, cooked and diced, 8 cups water, 1 bay leaf, 1 7ounce can chopped green chilies, 12 teaspoon oregano, 12 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon basil, 12 teaspoon Old Bay seasoning, 14 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 13 of a 7ounce can chipotle in adobo, chopped, 4 tablespoons chicken base, 1 pickled jalapeno, chopped, 2 pounds white beans, soaked overnight, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup shredded carrots, 16 ounces sour cream], title: Keiths White Chicken Chili, picturelink: null}, 45820: {instructions: Place the sugar in a heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add just enough water to give the sugar a wet sand consistency. Cook until caramelized. Add the hazelnuts and the almonds and mix with a wooden spoon until coated. Cook until everything is nicely coated and caramelized dark in color. Remove from the heat and pour onto a sheet of parchment paper. Allow the mixture to cool for a few hours. When cooled, use a food processor to break up the caramelized nuts. Add the peanuts to the food processor and grind until the nuts release their oils and form a paste with the consistency of smooth, oldfashioned peanut butter. Using a double boiler, melt the cocoa butter until completely smooth. Combine the cocoa butter with the chopped bittersweet chocolate until tempered. Mix the chocolate cocoa butter into the nut paste. Add the salt and mix until combined. Pour the mixture onto a plastic wraplined sheet pan. Allow to set for a few hours or overnight.nWhen cooled, use an offset spatula to coat the top of the mixture with the milk chocolate. This will be the top of the finished candy so make this layer of milk chocolate a little thicker than you will on the bottom layer. When the chocolate has set, cover with parchment paper and flip over to expose the uncoated side. Using an offset spatula, coat this side of the mixture with milk chocolate. When the chocolate has set, use a sharp chefs knife or a rolling cutter to cut into the desired sized pieces.nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes.nFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make at Home, .nby Jacques Torres., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons hazelnuts, blanched, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons almonds, blanched, 3 cups roasted peanuts, 120 grams cocoa butter 12 cup, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 pinches salt, 16 ounces milk chocolate, tempered], title: European Peanut Butter Chocolates, picturelink: null}, 45821: {instructions: Make the soup: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, carrot, garlic and 12 teaspoon salt cook, stirring, until soft, about 8 minutes. Add the chicken broth, 2 cups water and the bay leaf. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer 5 minutes. Chop the chestnuts, add to the pan and simmer until the chestnuts and vegetables are tender, about 10 more minutes. Remove the bay leaf.nWorking in batches, puree the soup in a blender until smooth. Strain through a finemesh sieve into another saucepan and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Add the cream, sherry, and salt to taste. Keep warm.nMake the toppings: For the croutons, melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the bread and cook, stirring, until golden, about 3 minutes. Add the saffron and cook until the croutons are browned, about 2 more minutes transfer to a bowl. Fry the parsley: Heat 1 inch of vegetable oil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Toss the parsley with the cornstarch, then fry in batches until crisp, about 30 seconds. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt. The toppings can be made up to 3 hours ahead.nLadle the soup into bowls and top with the croutons and fried parsley.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 medium carrot, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Kosher salt, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 bay leaf, 1 15ounce jar roasted chestnuts, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups cubed rustic bread, crusts removed, 12 teaspoon saffron threads optional, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 cups loosely packed parsley sprigs, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, Kosher salt], title: Chestnut Soup With Fried Parsley, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 45822: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil over high heat. Carefully arrange roe in the bottom of a large, wide bowl. Pour boiling water down inside edge of the bowl, avoiding roe as you pour. Roe will turn gray, pairs may separate, and eggs will bloom where are tears in the sac. After 15 seconds, transfer roe with a slotted spatula to paper towels and pat dry. Carefully separate any pairs still attached to each other and discard connective membrane. Melt butter in a large heavybottomed skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Add roe and fry, turning once and reducing heat to medium if roe begins to burn, until roe is browned on the outside and still pink in the center, about 3 minutes per side. Roe will spit as it cooks. Add capers and lemons to taste over roe while gently shaking skillet over heat. Then remove skillet from heat. Generously season roe with salt and garnish with chopped parsley, tarragon and crumbled bacon. Serve roe with some of the blackened butter sauce from the skillet spooned over the top., ingredients: [3 pairs shad roe, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 to 2 tablespoon capers, 1 to 2 lemons, quartered and peeled, Coarse salt, 14 bunch parsley, trimmed and chopped, 2 tablespoons tarragon, 2 slices bacon, rendered], title: Shad Roe with Black Butter, picturelink: null}, 45823: {instructions: Mix mayonnaise, sour cream, green onion, parsley, Beau Monde Seasoning, and dill weed in a small bowl. Cover and chill a minimum of 30 minutes to blend flavors., ingredients: [23 cup mayonnaise, 23 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped green onion, 1 tablespoon Spice Islandsu00ae Parsley, 12 teaspoon Spice Islandsu00ae Beau Monde Seasoning, 12 teaspoon Spice Islandsu00ae Dill Weed], title: Beau Monde Dip, picturelink: null}, 45824: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium mixing bowl, add the diced avocados and mash with a fork until smooth but still chunky. Add the vinegar and lime juice and mix to combine. Season with salt.nServe with tortilla chips or fresh veggies., ingredients: [2 avocados, diced, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, Juice of 1 lime, French sea salt, Tortilla chips or fresh veggies, for serving], title: Marcelas Guacamole, picturelink: cGw1Yb3m8UFqC9Iu.k.quuPb8Cw1ujq}, 45825: {instructions: Crust:nCut shortening into salt and flour until mixture is peasized pieces. Add cold water slowly until mixture forms a ball. Refrigerate several hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nRoll out on a floured board. Put in pie pan. Prick crust on bottom of pan with a fork. Bake for 8 to10 minutes until light brown. Cool.nChocolate Filling:nIn the bowl of a mixer, combine the butter and powdered sugar and beat together until fluffy. Add the egg yolks, 1 at a time, beating after each addition. Add the peppermint and melted chocolate and mix until combined.nBeat the egg whites in a separate mixer until they hold stiff peaks. Gently fold the whites into the butter mixture.nCream Cheese Filling:nMix together powdered sugar, vanilla and cream cheese. Fold in whipped cream until smooth.nRaspberry FillingnCook until raspberries are partially cooked and run through a cheesecloth or sieve to get the seeds out. Return to heat and add sugar and cornstarch. Boil over medium heat. Spread 12 of the raspberry filling into baked pie shell gently. Spread 12 of the chocolate filling over that and chill. Spread 12 the cream cheese filling over the chocolate filling. Repeat the layers., ingredients: [1 allpurpose flour, 12 cup solid shortening recommended: Crisco, 14 cup cold water, Pinch salt, 1 12 sticks of butter, 1 12 cups powdered sugar, 5 egg yolks, 12 teaspoon peppermint flavoring, 3 squares baking chocolate, melted and cooled, 5 stiffly beaten egg whites, 13 cup sifted powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 cup heavy whipped cream, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup frozen raspberries, 12 tablespoon cornstarch], title: Raspberry Chocolate Mint Ribbon Pie2003 1st Place Other, picturelink: null}, 45826: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker, stir together the tequila, harissa paste, tomato juice, lime juice, Worcestershire sauce, celery salt, horseradish, onion and Tabasco. Divide among 4 icefilled highball glasses. Garnish with Mini Sliders.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the cherry tomatoes with the horseradish, shallot and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Place the tomatoes in a baking dish and roast until they are just wilted, about 5 minutes. Allow to cool to room temperature.nDivide the ground beef into 4 even patties slightly wider than the buns the beef will shrink during cooking do not overwork the meat, handle it just enough to form the patties. Season the patties liberally with salt and pepper on both sides.nHeat a griddle or castiron pan over mediumhigh heat. Place a small amount of clarified butter or canola oil into the pan or griddle, and sear the burgers on both sides until charred. Transfer burgers to the oven and cook until they reach your desired temperature, about 4 minutes for medium rare.nAllow the burgers to rest for 5 minutes. In the same pan, toast the buns until golden brown. Brush one side of the buns with mustard, and place the patties on the buns. Top with slices of preserved lemon, followed by the tomatoes. Cover with the bun tops and skewer one cornichon on a wooden skewer and use it to secure the slider. Serve warm., ingredients: [6 ounces tequila, 12 teaspoon harissa paste, 12 ounces tomato juice, 2 ounces lime juice, 6 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 1 pinch celery salt, 1 tablespoon fresh grated horseradish, 12 teaspoon yellow onion, grated, Tabasco to taste, Mini Sliders, recipe follows, for garnish, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 teaspoon fresh grated horseradish, 12 teaspoon finely minced shallot, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces coarsely ground 20 percent fat ground beef, Clarified butter or canola oil, Four 2inchwide brioche slider buns, split, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 4 paperthin slices preserved lemon, seeds removed, 4 cornichons, 4 wooden skewers], title: Bloody Maria with Mini Slider Garnish, picturelink: null}, 45827: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together the honey and the lime juice. Combine the pineapple, cucumber and mint in a medium bowl, pour the dressing over and toss to combine. Set aside.nHeat 2 teaspoons of olive oil in a large skillet over a mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken breasts and cook for about 4 minutes on each side, or until browned and cooked through. Transfer the chicken to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm.nAdd the remaining 2 teaspoons of oil to the pan. Stir in the scallions, pepper, garlic, ginger, allspice, and thyme. Cook for 30 seconds over a medium heat. Add the chicken broth and soy sauce and cook until liquid is reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Stir in the lime juice. Put the chicken back in the pan and coat well with the sauce.nServe with the pineapple salsa., ingredients: [1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 cup finely diced pineapple, 13 cup finely diced, seeded English cucumber, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves, 4 teaspoons olive oil, divided, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, about 5 ounces each, pounded to 12inch thick, 1 cup chopped scallions about 6 scallions, 12 Scotch bonnet or habanero chile pepper, seeded and finely minced wear gloves when handling, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, or 14 teaspoon ground, 1 teaspoon allspice, 1 12 teaspoons fresh thyme or 12 teaspoon dried, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons lime juice], title: Chicken with Jerk Sauce and Cool Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: PdKXMVto0DHhSG6HF7.ltbXRL5kmm6K}, 45828: {instructions: Pour the oil into a large heavy pan suitable for deepfrying and heat oil to 350 degrees F. Pour the egg substitute into a shallow bowl and place the bread crumbs into another shallow bowl. Dip the sliced green tomatoes into the egg substitute and then into the bread crumbs to lightly coat. To test if the oil is hot enough, add a pinch of the bread crumbs to the oil if it bubbles to the top, then you are ready to fry. Carefully add tomatoes to the hot oil and cook on 1 side for 1 minute. Flip the tomatoes to cook on the reverse side for 1 minute. Remove tomatoes from the oil and drain on paper towels. Top with a remoulade sauce and serve with shrimp, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup canola oil, 1 cup egg substitute recommended: Egg Beaters, 1 cup fine plain bread crumbs, 1 green tomato, sliced 14inch thick, Remoulade sauce, accompaniment, optional, Shrimp, accompaniment, optional], title: Fried Green Tomatoes, picturelink: 9sjgapxbZvSgaVw3nTNQsRbC.5iWj5C}, 45829: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the EVOO in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat and brown the mushrooms until tender and dark. Stir in the thyme, garlic, shallots, some salt and pepper, cook 1 to 2 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the marsala and stir until almost completely evaporated. Pour in the stock, wilt in the spinach and turn off the heat. Whisk the halfandhalf with the eggs, nutmeg and some salt and pepper in a large shallow bowl. Soak the bread, turning occasionally, until the liquid is absorbed. Grease a 9by13inch baking dish. Lay 4 slices of the bread on the bottom and top with the mushrooms and spinach and half of the cheeses, followed by the remaining bread and cheeses. Dot the top with the butter and bake until golden, 45 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [14 cup EVOO, 1 pound cremini or mixed mushrooms, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 shallot, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 to 13 cup marsala or dry white wine, 14 to 13 cup chicken stock, 1 pound spinach, stemmed and chopped, 1 pint halfandhalf, 6 large eggs, A few grates fresh nutmeg, Eight 1inchthick slices peasantstyle white bread, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, plus softened butter, for greasing, 12 ounces Fontina Val dAosta or Gruyere cheese, shredded or thinly sliced, 1 12 to 2 cups freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Mushroom and Spinach Breadzagna, picturelink: YoeV7u9AIGAzpuynZkMmtxSUtLISyK}, 45830: {instructions: Wash chicken pieces and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Marinate pieces for 1 hour in buttermilk. Remove chicken pieces 1 at a time from buttermilk, coat with flour, and deepfry until golden brown., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, cut into pieces, Buttermilk, to marinate chicken, Salt and pepper, Selfrising flour, to coat chicken, Oil, for frying], title: Mamas Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 45831: {instructions: Position a rack in the top third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.nLay the lemon slices in an even layer on one side of the baking sheet. Place the chicken thighs skinside up on top of the lemon slices and brush with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Sprinkle the chicken thighs with berbere, chili powder, ground cumin, and some salt and pepper. Place the carrots in the center of the baking sheet leaving an empty space on the other side and drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil, the zaatar and some salt. Toss to coat and top with the whole cinnamon stick.nRoast until the carrots are almost completely tender and the chicken thighs are crispy on top and almost cooked through, 40 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and add the chickpeas to empty space, tossing with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and some salt and pepper spread into an even layer.nRoast until the chicken has brown, crisp skin and reads an internal temperature of 160 degrees F, the carrots are completely tender and browned in spots, and the chickpeas are warmed through, about 5 minutes more. Discard cinnamon stick. Divide the chicken and vegetables between two plates and serve with the pan juices drizzled over., ingredients: [1 lemon, thinly sliced, 4 bonein chicken thighs with skin about 1 34 pounds, 14 teaspoon berbere, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 4 medium carrots about 8 ounces, thinly sliced on a bias, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon zaatar, 1 whole cinnamon stick], title: North African Chicken and Chickpeas SheetPan Dinner, picturelink: I2fpWNxrutIcNPzNSYEIf6nSJxGeCSW}, 45832: {instructions: Saute onions in olive oil in saucepan. Add remaining ingredients and simmer 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve over the pasta of your choice., ingredients: [14 onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 28ounce can pureed tomatoes, Bunch parsley, leaves chopped, 12 cup fresh basil, torn by hand, Salt and pepper], title: Basil Marinara, picturelink: null}, 45833: {instructions: Make the aioli: Mince the garlic, then sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and mash with the flat side of a chefs knife to make a paste. Transfer to a medium bowl add the mustard, lemon zest, lemon juice and egg yolk and whisk to combine. Gradually whisk in the olive oil, then the vegetable oil, whisking constantly until smooth whisk in 1 teaspoon water to loosen. Cover and refrigerate the aioli until ready to use.nMake the broth: Trim the spring onions to about 6 inches transfer the tops to a large saucepan set the bulbs aside. Trim the fennel and thinly slice transfer 1 cup fennel fronds to the saucepan set the sliced fennel aside. Add the celery, carrot, parsley sprigs, bay leaf, peppercorns and 8 cups water to the saucepan. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat reduce the heat to medium and cook, 15 minutes.nRemove the fava beans from their pods. Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Add the fava beans and cook 1 minute drain and rinse under cold water. Slip off the skins set the beans aside.nStrain the vegetable broth into a wide pot. Add the potatoes and 1 12 teaspoons salt and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to a bowl with a slotted spoon. Add the reserved spring onion bulbs and the tomatoes to the broth simmer 5 minutes.nMake the fish: Score each fish fillet crosswise 3 or 4 times on the skin side do not cut through to the flesh. Season the flesh side with salt. Add the fish to the pot add the fava beans and reserved sliced fennel, cover and cook until the fish is just opaque, about 6 minutes.nDivide the potatoes among shallow bowls top each with a fish fillet, then divide the broth and vegetables among the bowls. Sprinkle with the chopped parsley and top each with a spoonful of aioli. Serve with bread and the remaining aioli.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [1 clove garlic, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 large pasteurized egg yolk, at room temperature, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup vegetable oil, 6 small spring onions, 12 small fennel bulb with fronds, 1 celery stalk, halved crosswise, 1 small carrot, halved crosswise, 2 sprigs parsley, plus 1 tablespoon chopped leaves, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon peppercorns, 1 pound fresh fava beans, 1 14 pounds small redskinned potatoes, halved, Kosher salt, 1 cup multicolored cherry tomatoes, halved, 6 5to6ounce black sea bass fillets, pin bones removed, Crusty bread, toasted, for serving], title: Black Sea Bass in Spring Vegetable Broth, picturelink: Z4MMHCTEjcUchBCXRDGrBkX2yRoj2V.}, 45834: {instructions: For the celery: Butter a shallow ovenproof pan with 1 tablespoon of the butter, place the celery in the pan, and season it with salt and pepper. Add the chicken stock to the pan to cover the celery by 34. Bring the liquid to a boil over high heat, cover the pan, and transfer it to a preheated 400 degree oven. Bake the celery for 35 to 40 minutes, or until it is tender. Drain the cooking liquid, reserving the celery, into a large casserole and reduce it over high heat to about 2 tablespoons. Add the remaining butter, a little bit at a time, until it is emulsified and keep the celery sauce warm. Keep the reserved celery hot.nFor the mustard sauce: In a medium skillet melt the butter, add the shallot and the thyme, and cook the shallot over moderately high heat until it is just caramelized a light blond. Deglaze the pan with the wine and reduce the liquid over high heat until it is almost evaporated. Add the veal stock and reduce it for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the cream and reduce the liquid for 2 to 3 minutes, or until it starts to thicken. Add the mustard to taste, season the sauce with salt and pepper, and strain it through a fine sieve. Reserve the sauce.nFor the pork: Cut the pork into 4 pieces and season each piece on both sides with salt and pepper. Using a small spatula spread the Dijon mustard over each piece of pork. In a bowl combine the mustard seed and the bread crumbs, roll each piece of pork in the crumbs, and reserve the pork. To a preheated skillet melt enough peanut oil and butter to just cover the pan, heat the oil and butter over moderately high heat until it is hot, and add the pork. Cook the pork on 1 side until it is colored. Transfer the skillet to a preheated 400 degree oven and bake the pork, turning it to the uncooked side, for about 4 to 5 minutes, until the inside is just pink. Arrange the Spring Potato Puree on a platter, put the celery beside it, and glaze it with the warm celery sauce. Put a small ladle of the mustard sauce on the platter and arrange the pork, each piece cut into 3 slices, over the sauce. Garnish the dish with the herbs and serve the remaining sauce in a sauceboat., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 celery hearts, cut short and split in half, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 cup sliced shallot, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 1 cup white wine, 14 cup veal stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, or to taste, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 pounds trimmed loin of pork, Salt and pepper, to taste, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup toasted and crushed mustard seed, 1 cup bread crumbs, Peanut oil for sauteing, Unsalted butter, for sauteing, Minced chive or chervil, for garnish], title: MustardCrusted Loin of Pork with Mustard Sauce and Celery a la Mode, picturelink: null}, 45835: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nHeat heavy cream and sugar over a double boiler until the sugar is dissolved. Add egg yolks and orange concentrate. Stir to blend well. Fill into desired dishes and bake in a water bath in the oven for approximately 1 to 1 12 hours until internal temperature of brulee is 170 degrees F. Cool overnight. Sprinkle granulated sugar on top and flame with a gas torch or carefully broil until sugar is caramelized., ingredients: [4 12 cups heavy cream, 34 cup granulated sugar, plus extra for caramelizing, 9 egg yolks, 1 12 tablespoons frozen orange concentrate], title: Orange Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 45836: {instructions: For the ossobuco: Churn the parsley, basil, and fresh marjoram and rosemary, if using, in a food processor fitted with the metal chopping blade 5 seconds. Scrape the work bowl and churn 2 to 3 seconds more until moderately fine. Scrape into a large fine sieve, then rinse the work bowl and blade directly over the sieve so that all stray bits of herbs fall into it. Rinse the herbs well under cool running water, transfer to paper toweling, and wring dry. Set aside.nDredge the veal shanks well on all sides in the flour, shaking off the excess. Heat the butter and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large, heavy nonreactive kettle over high heat for 2 minutes.nAdd 12 the shanks, brown well on all sides, and lift to paper toweling to drain. Add the remaining tablespoon olive oil to the kettle, heat 1 minute, then add the remaining shanks, and brown the same way. Transfer to paper toweling to drain and slide the kettle off the heat. Sprinkle the shanks well on both sides with the salt and pepper.nAdd the garlic to the processor and mince fine by churning 4 to 5 seconds. Scrape the work bowl well, add the 12 the onion, the dried marjoram and rosemary, if using, and pulse 5 to 6 times until moderately coarsely chopped add to the drippings in the kettle. Coarsely chop the remaining onion with the celery the same way and add to the kettle.nAdd the carrots to the processor and churn 10 to 15 seconds until fairly finely chopped. Add to the kettle along with the lemon zest and reserved chopped parsley and herbs. Stir well to mix.nSet the kettle over low heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables very soft but not brown.nMeanwhile, add the tomatoes to the processor no need to wash the bowl or blade, and reduce to juice by churning 30 seconds.nAdd the tomatoes to the kettle together with the wine and stir well to mix. Return the veal shanks to the kettle, pushing down under the liquid. Bring to a boil over moderately high heat, then adjust the heat so the mixture bubbles gently, cover, and simmer very slowly until the meat almost falls from the bones, 3 12 to 4 hours. Remove the strips of lemon zest and discard. Taste for salt and pepper and adjust as neededbut remember theres salt in the gremolata.nFor the gremolata: Coarsely chop garlic and lemon zest with the salt in a mini food processor using 2 5second pulses, scraping the work bowl and lid in between. Use the grind mode if your mini offers that option. Add the parsley and coarsely chop with 3 2second pulses, again scraping the work bowl and lid between each. If the mini has chop mode, use it for the parsley.nScatter the gremolata evenly over the veal shanks, cover, and simmer for 5 minutes more.nServe the ossobuco with boiled riceeither over it or beside it., ingredients: [13 cup lightly packed Italian parsley leaves, 12 cup lightly packed fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary leaves or 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled, 1 tablespoon fresh marjoram leaves or 1 teaspoon dried marjoram, crumbled, 6 2 12inch thick veal shanks measuring about 4 inches in diameter, 34 cup unsifted allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 to 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 large whole clove garlic, peeled and halved, 1 large Spanish onion, peeled and cut into 1 12 inch chunks, 1 medium rib celery, trimmed and cut into 1inch lengths, 2 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch lengths, 6 3inch strips lemon zest, removed with a vegetable peeler, 2 medium ripe tomatoes, cored and cut into slim wedges no need to peel, 2 cups dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 2 medium whole cloves garlic, halved, 5 3inch strips lemon zest, removed with a vegetable peeler, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup lightly packed Italian parsley leaves, rinsed in cool water and wrung as dry as possible in paper toweling], title: Ossobuco, picturelink: null}, 45837: {instructions: Place whole milk, heavy cream, and vanilla bean and seeds in a sauce pot and scald. Remove vanilla bean. Whip the granulated sugar and egg yolks to a pale yellow ribbon state. Your sugar and egg yolks should be nice and fluffy. Add about a 12 cup of your scalded cream to your chopped chocolate in a bowl. Stir until melted. Place the bowl over a double boiler of barely simmering water. Set up a second double boiler. Constantly stirring with a wooden spoon, add scalded cream to your whipped egg and sugar mixture. Place egg and cream mixture over the double boiler and cook custard until it becomes thick and creamy. See Cooks Note.nOnce custard is cooked, place the bowl over a cold water bath to cool. Gradually add your melted chocolate. Once custard is cool place in an ice cream machine and run as per manufacturers instructions. Enjoy the love., ingredients: [34 cup whole milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 8 ounces granulated sugar, 10 egg yolks, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 ounces sweet dark chocolate, chopped], title: Chocolate Gelato, picturelink: null}, 45838: {instructions: In saute pan, heat butter over mediumlow heat until softened. Remove from heat, add cookie crumbs to pan and stir until butter is evenly distributed through the crumbs.nLine a half sheet size pan approximately 13 by 18 by 2 inches deep with plastic wrap. Spread half the cookie crumb mixture over the plastic.nWith a mixer on lowest speed or by hand, combine ice cream and mint candy, mixing slowly and trying to avoid breaking up the mints.nPour the ice cream mixture over the cookie crumbs and spread gently throughout the pan, trying not to break the cookie crumb base. Top evenly with remaining cookie crumb mixture, cover with plastic wrap and refreeze for a few hours.nCut into 12 triangular pieces, by cutting in half lengthwise, then thirds crosswise, and cutting each resulting rectangle into right triangles. Serve each triangle topped with whipped cream, chocolate syrup, and mint sprigs., ingredients: [6 ounces 1 14 sticks or 10 tablespoons butter, 6 cups chocolate sandwich cookie crumbs recommended: Oreor, 1 quart mint chocolate chip ice cream, slightly softened, 1 pound dark chocolate covered mint candy, frozen recommended: Junior Mint, 1 cup whipped cream, 1 cup chocolate syrup, 12 mint sprigs], title: Breath Mint Pie, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 45839: {instructions: For Croque Monsieur: Spread each slice of bread with butter. Trim cheese so it is a tad smaller than the bread slices. Arrange 2 slices of cheese, top with bread and dip both sides of each sandwich in egg.nIn a skillet heat butter and brown the sandwich on each side for 3 minutes or until golden.nFor croque Madame: Wedge a slice of Black Forest ham in between each slice of cheese., ingredients: [4 slices Gruyere cheese, 4 slices brioche bread, crusts removed, 1 egg beaten with some water, 3 tablespoons butter], title: Croque Monsieur and Croque Madame, picturelink: null}, 45840: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss the berries with 1 teaspoon vanilla and 3 tablespoons flour set aside. Combine the brown sugar and 3 tablespoons water in a medium ovenproof skillet. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until thick and caramelized, about 7 minutes. Remove from the heat stir in the lemon juice then the berry mixture and set aside.nWhisk the remaining 1 cup flour, the granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter and work it into the flour mixture with your fingers until evenly incorporated and the mixture resembles fine meal. Whisk the egg yolks with the buttermilk and the remaining 1 teaspoon vanilla in a small bowl, then gradually whisk into the flour mixture until the batter is smooth. Spread the batter evenly in the skillet so the berries are almost covered.nBake until the top is golden, about 35 minutes. Let stand at least 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [6 cups fresh blueberries about 3 pints, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 34 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature, 3 large egg yolks, 12 cup buttermilk], title: BlueberryCaramel Skillet Cobbler, picturelink: IoUCqDKKTRanSUfFWrMPcAyKgB05bbu}, 45841: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the walnuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until golden, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nPuree the olive oil, parsley, garlic, lemon zest, lemon juice and 14 teaspoon salt in a food processor or blender until smooth. Add the gruyere, olives and toasted walnuts pulse until coarsely chopped, about 1 minute. Transfer the pesto to a large bowl.nAdd the potatoes to the boiling water and cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to the bowl with the pesto.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook until al dente, 10 to 12 minutes, adding the lettuce during the last 1 minute. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta and lettuce and transfer to the bowl with the pesto. Toss to coat, adding enough of the reserved pasta cooking water to loosen the sauce.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped walnuts, Kosher salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups fresh parsley, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, plus 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup grated gruyere cheese about 2 ounces, 14 cup pitted green olives, 8 ounces fingerling potatoes, sliced 14 inch thick, 12 ounces lasagna noodles, broken into 2inch pieces, 4 cups roughly chopped romaine lettuce or escarole], title: Broken Lasagna with Parsley Pesto, Lettuce and Potatoes, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 45842: {instructions: Heat a 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat.nToss the potatoes with the granulated garlic, paprika, cayenne and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl.nAdd half of the butter and half of the oil to the skillet. Let melt, and then add the potatoes, pressing them down with a spatula. Cook until crisp and golden brown on one side, 5 to 7 minutes.nSet a baking sheet or a large plate over the skillet and carefully invert the potatoes onto the baking sheet. Add the remaining butter and oil to the skillet and slide the potatoes back in, uncooked side down, and cook until golden and crispy on the second side as well, 4 to 5 minutes.nSlide onto a cutting board and cut into wedges to serve., ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, coarsely grated on a box grater and squeezed dry in a kitchen towel, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Atomic Hash Browns, picturelink: 8SwmiWgBnuzL1PMchfWGbWmSCOCFwTq}, 45843: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chicken pieces in a large bowl, and add the buttermilk, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, the thyme, and 4 of the garlic cloves. Marinate for at least 1 hour at room temperature or, refrigerated, overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F, and set a baking sheet fitted with a rack on the middle shelf.nMeanwhile, prepare the chicken coating: Combine the 1 12 cups flour, the ground crackers, 1 34 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, and the paprika in a large bowl. One at a time, take the chicken pieces from the buttermilk and dunk them in the flour dredge, pressing hard to make the coating adhere to every spot. Set aside on a plate.nIn a large, highsided castiron pan, add lard or oil to a depth of 1 inch. Heat over mediumhigh heat until a droplet of water sprinkled on the surface sizzles loudly.nGive the chicken pieces a fresh roll in the flour mixture if theyve absorbed it, and add as many pieces of the dark meat thighs, wings, and drumsticks as will fit comfortably in the pan. Fry, turning as needed, until all sides turn dark golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer the cooked chicken to the baking sheet in the oven. Continue frying the rest, saving the white breast meat until last, and being careful not to burn the residue forming at the bottom the pan thats your gravy base. When it is browned, add the chicken to the baking sheet. Ideally the dark meat should bake in the oven for about 20 minutes and the light meat for about 10 minutes, until cooked through.nPour off most of the fat in the pan, leaving 2 tablespoons of oil and the brown sludge at the bottom of the pan. But if any of it looks burnt, discard that as well, because that is the base of your gravy. Let the pan cool down for a minute. Then add the remaining 3 garlic cloves and the sage, and fry for 1 minute. Add the remaining 5 teaspoons flour and cook, stirring, until the mixture is smooth and light brown, about 2 minutes. Add the stock and whisk until smooth. Cook the gravy over low heat until it thickens softly, about 5 minutes.nSeason the gravy with salt and pepper to taste, remove the garlic and sage, and pour it into a spouted pitcher to pass behind the hot chicken and the mashed potatoes., ingredients: [One 4 to 4 12pound chicken, cut into 10 pieces, 1 cup buttermilk, Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme, 7 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 12 cups plus 5 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup finely ground butter crackers, such as Ritz or Club about 1 sleeve, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, About 2 cups lard or canola oil, for frying, 1 small bunch fresh sage, 2 12 cups chicken stock, lowsodium storebought or homemade, Mashed potatoes, for serving], title: Midwestern Fried Chicken with Gravy, picturelink: hz70mjyVAIxelgRZgMOCTSHn3fcOvki}, 45844: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition the oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the eggplant slices, season with salt and cook until golden on both sides. Remove to a plate and repeat with the onion slices.nRub a small baking dish with the garlic clove. Layer the eggplant, onions, and tomato slices in rows in the baking dish. Drizzle a little more olive oil on top. Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil and bake until heated through and the tomatoes are soft but still hold their shape, about 20 minutes. Remove the baking dish and set the oven to broil. Sprinkle the tomatoes with the shredded cheese and broil to melt and brown the cheese, about another 2 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small eggplant, sliced 14inch thick, Kosher salt, 2 small onions, sliced into 14inch thick rounds, 1 clove garlic, 2 small tomatoes, sliced into 14inch thick rounds, 14 cup shredded Parmesan], title: Tomato and Eggplant Tian, picturelink: oh3YfgT86sUHtjbjFqo7c8xCHaZsly}, 45845: {instructions: Combine the cherry tomatoes in a medium bowl with 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Add the sugar, lemon juice, vinegar and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Marinate at room temperature for a minimum of 30 minutes and up to 3 hours.nIf the marinated cherry tomatoes have released a lot of juice, pour a little off before adding the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil.nPlace the arugula in a salad bowl and season lightly with salt and pepper. Add the cherry tomato mixture and toss to combine. Top with the parmesan. Serve., ingredients: [1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 ounces arugula, washed and dried, 2 ounces shaved Parmesan], title: Marinated Cherry Tomatoes with Arugula, picturelink: null}, 45846: {instructions: Soak the rice in a bowl of cold water for at least 4 hours, or overnight. Strain and dry on a clean towel. In a bowl, combine the pork, egg, soy, sugar, pepper, ginger and cornstarch. Mix well then add the dried and fresh shiitakes, water chestnuts and cilantro. Using wet hands, make small balls the size of a pingpong ball, then roll them in the soaked rice. Press the rice in firmly. In a large steamer basket or 2 levels sprayed with a nonstick spray, place the balls, cover and steam hard for 30 to 35 minutes. Make sure there is a lot of water to keep the steam going strong.nPLATING: Place a small bowl of chutney in the center of a clear plate glass plate and surround with rice balls. Place glass plate on top of another plate filled with rice.nSPICY MANGO SALSA: In a bowl, combine all. Let stand for at least 30 minutes so flavors blend., ingredients: [2 cups glutinous rice, 1 pound ground pork, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 4 dried shiitakes, rinsed, soaked for 30 minutes, destemmed and finely diced, 8 medium fresh shiitakes, destemmed and finely diced, 8 fresh water chestnuts, peeled and finely diced canned will work, rinse well, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 2 ripe mangoes, peeled and finely diced, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 1 jalepeno, destemmed, finely diced with seeds, 14 cup sliced scallions, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 12 tablespoon sambal, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Steamed Rice Pearl Balls with Spicy Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 45847: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over low heat, bring the cream, sugar, cinnamon and butter to a rolling boil. Remove from the heat, add the chocolate and stir until the chocolate melts. Add the rum and stir in the orange zest before serving., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 teaspoons dark rum, 18 teaspoon grated orange zest], title: Enriched Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45848: {instructions: Mix the vinegar and mustard season to taste with salt and pepper.nSlowly whisk in oils reserve.nTo assemble salad, cut each avocado half into 3 slices fan around the outside perimeter of the plate.nPlace the orange segments between the avocado slices sprinkle both with salt and pepper.nToss the frisee with 12 tablespoon of vinaigrette place in the center of the plate.nGarnish with Roma tomato and toasted pecans drizzle with remaining vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. champagne vinegar, 1 Roma tomato, julienned, 1 cup frisee, torn, 1 Blood orange, cut into segments, 1 Fresh, Ripe California Avocado, cut in half, Freshly ground pepper as needed, Salt as needed, 1 Tbsp. white truffle oil, 1 Tbsp. virgin olive oil, 1 Tbsp. pure olive oil, 14 tsp. Dijon mustard, 12 cup toasted pecans], title: Avocado, Blood Orange And Frissee Salad With Toasted Pecans And White Truffle Vinaigrette, picturelink: Pw1okncLM7G8VKY6A8ypVwaHNMT.MA2}, 45849: {instructions: Prepare bean curd: In a saucepan combine water, 14 cup of the soy sauce and fivespice powder. Add bean curd and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes. Remove saucepan from heat and let bean curd marinate in liquid, 1 hour. Using a slotted spoon, place bean curd in one layer on a plate lined with paper towels. Reserve cooking liquid. Cover bean curd with more towels, then weight with 5pound weight. Bean curd must be pressed under weight at least 5 hours, or refrigerated with weight up to 24 hours.nPrepare duck: In a nonreactive bowl mix duck with garlic, the remaining 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup of the Shao Hsing and sugar. Marinate overnight.nHeat oil in a large heavybottomed saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add duck, skinside down, and cook 5 minutes, or until wellbrowned. Turn and cook 2 minutes more. Remove duck to a plate and discard rendered fat. Place pan over high heat, and add remaining 12 cup Shao Hsing and reserved bean curd cooking liquid, stirring to scrape up any browned bits. Add ginger, scallions, chili peppers and star anise and bring to a boil. Place duck pieces in a sand pot or an enamelware or cast iron pot skinside up. Using a slotted spoon, transfer ginger, scallions and spices to pot and scatter over duck pieces. Pour cooking liquid over duck to barely cover. You may not need to use all liquid. Bring to a boil over medium heat and simmer, basting occasionally, 1 hour. If you use a sand pot, read instructions carefully. Be sure to use a flame tamer to prevent pot from cracking.nJust before serving slice pressed bean curd into 14inch thick slices. Add bean curd to pot and simmer 1 minute to heat through. In a cup, dissolve cornstarch in water to consistency of heavy cream. Using a slotted spoon, divide duck, bean curd and aromatics among 6 plates. Bring cooking liquid to a boil and add cornstarch mixture, stirring well until thickened. Taste for seasoning, then spoon sauce over duck., ingredients: [4 cups water, 12 cup dark soy sauce, 4 teaspoons fivespice powder, 4 cakes extrafirm or firm bean curd, 4 ounces each, 2 5to 6pound ducks, cut in 16 large pieces, 4 large cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup Shao Hsing Chinese rice wine, available in Asian liquor stores or dry sherry, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 cup peanut oil, 24 14inch slices fresh ginger, 8 scallions, halved lengthwise, 6 small dried red chili peppers, 6 whole star anise, 3 tablespoons cornstarch], title: RedCooked Duck with Pressed Bean Curd, picturelink: null}, 45850: {instructions: Heat olive oil and bacon and cook until bacon bits are almost crisp. Add onions, celery and carrots and saute for about 10 minutes or until soft. Add the garlic, zucchini, tomatoes, cabbage, spinach and cook for about 10 minutes longer or until wilted. If vegetables begin to stick, add some water. Add the bean puree and whole beans, basil, broth, water and 1 teaspoon of salt. Bring liquid to a boil, and simmer, over low heat, stirring on occasion, for 20 minutes. Season well to taste with salt and pepper and ladle into hot deep bowls. Garnish with grated cheese to taste., ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 4 slices bacon, diced, 2 medium onions, finely diced, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 2 carrots, finely diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large zucchini, cut into 12inch dice 2 cups, 14ounce can or 2 cups canned plum tomatoes, chopped, 12 head small savoy cabbage, cut into 1inch pieces or finely sliced, 2 cups washed spinach leaves, chopped roughly, 2 cans 16 ounces each white beans rinsed and drained one can pureed, the can of beans left whole, 12 cup stemmed washed basil leaves cut into strips, 4 cups chicken broth, preferably homemade, 4 cups water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, About 12 cup grated Parmesan or Pecorino Romano cheese], title: Bean and Vegetable Soup, First Time Around, picturelink: null}, 45851: {instructions: Add the garlic cloves and oil to a small saucepot and place over mediumhigh heat. Cook until the garlic is golden brown and soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the garlic from the oil, reserving the oil.nPlace the garlic cloves into a mini food processor with the mayo and 1 teaspoon salt. Puree until smooth. Transfer to a small bowl.nUse a widemouth Mason jar lid to form the ground beef into six patties, about 5.5 ounces each.nHeat a large castiron skillet over high heat.nBrush the patties on one side with garlic oil, and season with salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper.nPlace the patties, brushedside down, in the hot skillet and cook until well browned, 5 minutes. Brush the other side of the patties with garlic oil and season with more salt and pepper. Flip the patties, and cook until well browned and firm to the touch, another 3 to 5 minutes place a slice of Cheddar on each burger during the last minute to melt.nSpread the brioche buns with softened butter and brown them in a large saute pan.nSpread the toasted buns with some garlic mayo, add a burger patty and top with a tomato slice, lettuce and pickles. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup garlic cloves, peeled, 1 cup olive oil, 2 cups mayonnaise, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds ground beef 85 percent lean, 6 slices Cheddar, 6 each brioche buns, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 large heirloom tomatoes, cut into thick slices, 6 leaves green leaf lettuce, washed and dried well, Dill pickle chips, for serving], title: Cheeseburger with Garlic Mayo, picturelink: LmwrDV.ZGWyyJPlRqUHxiB4gaglTsdm}, 45852: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large skillet and saute the chiles and onions until browned, almost blackened. Add the frozen hash browns, some salt and pepper and toss together. Tip into a buttered baking dish and top with the cheese and bacon. Bake until hot and bubbly, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 large green chiles, diced, 2 jalapenos, finely diced, 1 poblano chile, diced, 2 onions, diced, 4 pounds diced frozen hash brown potatoes 2 bags, Salt and ground pepper, 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 2 cups grated Monterey Jack, 8 slices bacon, fried and chopped], title: Cheesy Hash Brown Casserole, picturelink: 96mTggOv4CgJl1NKJeosVKv9sV3qS}, 45853: {instructions: In a large pot place the cleaned mussels and pour 34 cup of boiling water into the pot. Cover and steam for about 3 minutes or until mussels open. Remove from heat and allow to cool. Transfer the mussels with a slotted spoon to a bowl, reserving the liquid, and strain the liquid through a fine sieve into another small bowl.nIn a small bowl let the saffron soak in the wine for 15 minutes.nIn a large heavy skillet cook the onion, the ham, and the bell peppers in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, add the garlic, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and cook the mixture, stirring, for 5 minutes, or until it is thickened. Add the saffron mixture and the reserved mussel liquid and boil the mixture until most of the liquid is evaporated. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and let it cool to room temperature. While the sauce is cooling discard the top shell from each mussel and loosen the mussels from the bottom shells. Top the mussels with the sauce and arrange them on a platter., ingredients: [2 pounds mussels, cleaned, 18 teaspoon saffron thread, crumbled, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 onion, minced, 2 ounces thickly sliced smoked ham, chopped fine, 12 red bell pepper, chopped fine, 12 green bell pepper, chopped fine, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1pound can tomatoes, drained well and chopped], title: Mussels with Ham, Peppers, and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 45854: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lay 2 sheets of the phyllo on a flat surface and brush each with 2 tablespoons of the butter. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of sugar over each. Top each with another sheet of phyllo, brush with butter, and sprinkle each with 2 tablespoons of sugar and 4 tablespoons of pecans.nCut out 6 5inch triangles from each sheet and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Place another sheet of parchment on top of the triangles and top the parchment with another sheet pan. Bake until golden brown. Remove from oven and cool on a baking rack.nWhen the phyllo has cooled make 4 3layer napoleons starting with a layer of phyllo then a layer of Chocolate Silk then another phyllo and end with a layer of phyllo. Spoon some of the Vanilla Anglaise onto a large dessert plate. Place the napoleon on top and garnish with Caramelized Pecans.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F. Bring milk and cream with 12 of the sugar to a boil.nPlace chocolate in a large bowl and pour the hot milk mixture over. Let sit for 1 minute then whisk until smooth.nWhisk the yolks, remaining sugar, vanilla, and salt together. Sift in the cocoa powder and whisk until smooth. Combine milk and egg mixture, and whisk in the butter. Strain through a fine mesh strainer.nPour into a half sheet pan and bake, covered with aluminum foil, until just set. Refrigerate until cold. Cut into 8 5inch triangles.nHeat milk, cream, vanilla bean in a medium saucepan. Whisk together sugar and eggs to the ribbon stage. Slowly whisk in the hot milk and return mixture to the pan. Cook over low heat until the mixture coats the back of a spoon.nStrain the mixture into a bowl set into a larger bowl of ice water and stir until cold.nCaramelized Pecans: 1 cup granulated sugar 14 cup water 8 whole pecans 1 pound butter in its wrappernPlace sugar and water in a small saucepan and cook to the mixture reaches the hard crack stage 300 degrees F on a candy thermometer.nSkewer the pecans onto a wooden skewer and dip into the caramel. Place the skewers into the butter sideways and let the caramel drip onto a plate. Let the caramel harden and snip off with scissors leaving a 1inch piece of caramel hanging from the pecan., ingredients: [4 sheets phyllo, 8 tablespoons softened butter, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, Chocolate Silk, recipe follows, Vanilla Anglaise, recipe follows, Caramelized Pecans, recipe follows, 2 cups milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 ounces granulated sugar, divided, 1 pound 58 percent cocoa chocolate, finely chopped, 8 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 4 tablespoons cocoa powder, 14 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, split, 12 cup sugar, 4 large egg yolks], title: Chocolate Silk Napoleon with Vanilla Anglaise and Caramel Dipped Pecans, picturelink: null}, 45855: {instructions: 1. Pulse the garlic, scallions, coriander, chipotle chile, cumin, 2 tablespoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in a food processor or minichopper to make a thick paste. If the butcher didnt trim the fat cap on the pork shoulder, trim off all but a thin layer of fat. Make deep incisions with a paring knife, at about 2inch intervals, all over the meat. Rub the garlic and spice mixture into and all over the meat.n2. Combine the lime zest and juice, orange juice, adobo sauce, olive oil, and cinnamon in a nonreactive stainless steel or glass bowl. Add the meat, cover tightly with plastic wrap, making sure the meat is submerged. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours or up 2 days. Bring to room temperature about 1 hour before roasting.n3. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put the pork, fatside up, in a large Dutch oven. Roast the meat, uncovered, for 30 minutes. Add the marinade to the pot and cover with the lid. Lower the temperature to 350 degrees F and roast for 2 hours more. Uncover and continue to cook, basting occasionally, until an instant read thermometer inserted into the meat registers 190 degrees F and the meat is a rich burnished brown, 1 12 to 2 hours more. Set aside on a cutting board to rest for 20 minutes before slicing.n4. For the sauce: Strain the pan drippings through a fine mesh sieve into a gravy separator and discard all excess fat. In a small saucepan, mix the pan drippings with 12 cup water and bring to a vigorous boil. Slice the meat and serve with the pan drippings., ingredients: [10 cloves garlic, 2 scallions, sliced white and green parts, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 chipotle chile in adobo plus 2 tablespoons adobo sauce, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 6 to 8pound Boston butt pork shoulder, bonein, 4 wide strips fresh lime zest, 1 cup fresh lime juice, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cinnamon sticks, broken up], title: Lime and Chile Roasted Pork Shoulder, picturelink: SPOQLgX62ylBIaa6PitUCafmCV5Dqy}, 45856: {instructions: Prepare turkey by removing giblets and boil for stuffing. Wash turkey well and pat dry. Stuff turkey and rub with vegetable oil. Wrap wing tips and end of legs with foil to avoid overcooking. Bake in a preheated 350degree oven and tent with foil for first hour. Remove tenting and allow to brown until done, until a thermometer inserted reads 165 degrees F, about 1 12 more hours. Allow to rest for 20 minutes. Remove stuffing from cavity and carve turkey., ingredients: [1 10 to 12 pound turkey, 3 recipes Nonos stuffing, recipe above], title: Nonos Turkey, picturelink: null}, 45857: {instructions: For the broth: Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion, peppers, Aji, habanero, garlic, fennel, and saffron and saute, stirring constantly, until just soft. Deglaze with sherry, and reduce by 12. Add the lobster stock and reduce half way down. Add the cream. Allow to come to a boil and remove from the heat. Allow to cool, puree in a blender.nFor the seafood: In a large deep saute pan with large surface area, heat olive oil. On medium heat, add scallops, clams, head on shrimp and cook for 1 minute. Add shrimp, snapper, mussels, razors, and bay scallops. Add broth and cook seafood until shrimp is tender and clams are open. Finish with cilantro and lime juice and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 yellow pepper, chopped, 1 red pepper, chopped, 14 teaspoon Aji Amarillo, 14 teaspoon seeded and minced habanero pepper, 3 cloves minced garlic, 14 fennel, chopped, Large pinch saffron, 14 cup dry sherry, 4 cups clam juice or lobster stock, 14 cup heavy cream, Olive oil, 4 dry scallops, 8 clams, 4 head on shrimp, cleaned and deveined, 4 U10 shrimp, cleaned and deveined, 8 ounces fresh snapper, cut in small pieces, 8 mussels, 8 razor clams, if available, 8 Taylor bay scallops, in the shell, if available, 4 teaspoons chopped cilantro leaves, Freshly squeezed lime juice, to taste, Salt and pepper], title: Miami Spiced Bouillabaisse, picturelink: null}, 45858: {instructions: Special equipment: deep fryer or heavybottomed pot filled with 4 inches of vegetable oil heated to 365 degreesnSoak the onion rings in the milk mixture for 30 minutes. Toss each ring in the flour mixture repeat, dipping rings in milk and flour again. Fry in the hot oil until golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer to paper towels season with salt.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [2 large red onions, cut into 1inch rings, Shallow bowl of 2 cups milk whisked with 1 large egg, Shallow bowl of 1 cup flour mixed with 1 cup cornstarch and 1 teaspoon salt], title: Steakhouse Onion Rings, picturelink: EzdYe5Whds4iscT4kAjyoVeR3dbF6dW}, 45859: {instructions: In a deep, mediumsize pot, heat about 3 inches of oil over medium heat until temperature reads 350u00b0F on a thermometer.nMeanwhile, make the waffles. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, jalapeno, salt and 1 cup of the grated cheese.nIn a separate mixing bowl, beat the eggs, then whisk in the buttermilk and vegetable oil.nIncorporate the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and mix just until combined.nHeat a waffle iron and spray with nonstick spray. Pour 1 12 cups of the batter into the waffle iron and cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Follow the manufacturers directions. You may need to adjust amount of batter based on your waffle iron. Transfer the waffles to a wire rack set over a baking sheet and quarter. Repeat with the remaining batter.nMake the fried chicken: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cornstarch, salt, pepper to combine. Pour the buttermilk into a shallow baking dish.nToss the chicken pieces in the flour mixture to coat.nWorking in batches, dip the floured chicken into the buttermilk, then return it to the flour and toss to coat. Working in batches, add the breaded chicken to the hot frying oil. Dont crowd the pot with chicken, as it will bring down the temperature of the oil. Fry until golden brown and the chicken rises to the surface of the oil, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the chicken from the oil and drain on a paper towel lined plate.nJust before serving, turn the broiler to low. Scatter the remaining 1 cup grated cheese over the waffles and broil just until the cheese has melted, about 1 minute. Let cool slightly, then place a piece of chicken on top of a waffle square and secure with a toothpick.nServe immediately with hot sauce on the side., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 12 pounds chicken tenders, cut into bitesize about 1inch pieces, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 2 large eggs, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 14 cup vegetable oil, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Mini Fried Chicken and Cheddar Jalapeno Waffles, picturelink: 6urz8oGITsECdOgzvG5MJSpcusNWe8e}, 45860: {instructions: Put the chapati flour into a large bowl and add the salt and the yeast. Use your fingers to mix and blend the dry ingredients. In a separate bowl, combine 2 tablespoons of the melted butter, the yogurt and warm water. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the hook attachment or, alternatively, with your hands, combine all of the ingredients. Knead the dough with the mixer on low speed until it becomes smooth, 8 to 10 minutes. Again, alternatively, knead the dough on a lightly floured flat surface.nPour the remaining 2 teaspoons of melted butter into a bowl large enough to hold the dough. Coat the sides and bottom of the bowl with the butter and put the dough in the center. Cover the bowl with a kitchen towel and keep it in a warm place. Allow the dough to rise for 1 to 1 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nUsing a pastry brush, lightly grease 2 baking sheets with some canola oil. Slide the baking sheets into the center of the oven for a few minutes. Chefs Note: Be careful to not leave the baking sheets in the oven for too long, otherwise youll risk the oil getting too hot and smoky.nGently roll the dough into a 9inch circle on a lightly floured surface so it is about 14 to 12inch thick. Cut the disk into quarters. Roll each quarter to 18inch in thickness and still be able to fit 2 on a baking sheet.nWhen all the ovals are rolled, brush off any excess flour. Remove the baking sheets from the oven and arrange the naan in a single layer, 2 pieces per pan. Bake until they are light brown and puffy, about 5 minutes. Remove the baking sheets from the oven and transfer the naan to a serving platter lined with kitchen towels to keep them warm., ingredients: [2 cups chapati or bread or wholewheat or allpurpose flour, plus extra for kneading and rolling, 12 to 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, slightly cooled, plus 2 teaspoons, 34 cup whole milk yogurt, 1 tablespoon warm water, Canola oil, as needed], title: Naan, picturelink: null}, 45861: {instructions: Bring 12 cup water, the sugar, and fennel and coriander seeds to a simmer in a small saucepan over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium low cook until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Let cool, then transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate overnight.nA few hours before serving, strain the syrup into a pitcher. Add the cranberry juice, brandy and pears. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nAdd the sparkling cider to the pitcher and stir. Serve over ice.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 2 cups white cranberry juice, 34 cup pear brandy, 2 pears, thinly sliced, 1 750ml bottle dry sparkling hard cider], title: PearCider Cocktails, picturelink: 8uFF651Quzs551AzROlmU9ujzffNENW}, 45862: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook soba noodles according to package directions. Drain and set aside or refrigerate until later in the week.nIn a blender or food processor, combine jalapenos, honey, cilantro, and 12 teaspoon each salt and black pepper and puree until smooth. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons of water to the mixture until desired consistency is achieved. Pour the 2 teaspoons of olive oil into a preheated skillet. Add the shredded chicken and the blended sauce and cook until heated through.nIn a medium bowl, combine cooked soba noodles, soy sauce, sesame oil, scallions, and pickled ginger. Toss and then transfer to serving bowl. Pour heated chicken and sauce over noodles., ingredients: [12 ounces soba noodles, 1 jalapeno, seeds removed, 13 cup honey, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons water, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 rotisserie chicken, shredded or sliced, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 14 cup chopped scallions, green part only, 2 tablespoons pickled ginger, minced], title: HoneyJalapeno Chicken with Sesame Soba Noodles, picturelink: Ys71VQratv11Ff6xCYqPEkPph1gXeGC}, 45863: {instructions: Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat.nIn a small bowl, sprinkle cheese sauce mix over mayonnaise stir thoroughly. Brush corn with mixture. Wrap each ear with a bacon slice wrap in foil.nPlace on hot grill. Cook for 25 to 30 minutes or until corn is tender and bacon is cooked, turning often. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons fourcheese sauce mix, 14 cup mayonnaise, 4 ears corn, shucked and cleaned, 4 slices precooked, thickcut bacon], title: BaconWrapped Cheesey Corn, picturelink: kHsPuZ6SAQz70WgYy5zYcrQrZgbd..}, 45864: {instructions: Add all ingredients into an icefilled cocktail shaker. Shake well and strain into chilled martini glass. Garnish with maraschino cherry., ingredients: [1 34 ounces gin, Splash Grenadine, 1 egg white powdered reconstituted, 23 ounce fresh squeezed lemon juice, Maraschino cherry, for garnish], title: Pink Lady Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 45865: {instructions: 1.COMBINE Szechwan seasoning, ginger, soy sauce, water and peanut butter in medium bowl. Crumble ground beef over mixture. Gently combine the ingredients. Shape meat into eight 4inch patties. Refrigerate.n2.COMBINE apricot preserves, plum jam, vinegar, ginger and pepper flakes in small bowl.n3.COAT unheated grill grate with nostick cooking spray. Heat grill to mediumhigh 350 degrees F to 400 degrees F. Grill patties 3 to 5 minutes per side or until juices run clear. To serve, place 12 cup warm fried rice onto each plate. Top with 2 burgers, garnish with sweet and hot sauce and cilantro.nTip: Szechwan seasoning is available in your grocers spice aisle., ingredients: [BURGER PATTIES:, 1 tablespoon Szechwan seasoning or to taste, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons water, 14 cup Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 1 14 pounds ground beef chuck, SWEET AND HOT SAUCE:, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Apricot Preserves, 14 cup Smuckersu00ae Red Plum Jam, 2 teaspoons white vinegar, 12 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger, Crushed red pepper flakes to taste, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 2 cups prepared fried rice, warmed, Cilantro, chopped for garnish], title: Szechwan Beef Burgers with Sweet and Hot Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45866: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degree F.nFor the bananas: Mix the bananas in a bowl. Squeeze the lemon juice on them to ensure they dont brown. On a parchment paperlined baking tray, brush 1 tablespoon melted butter. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon sugar and lay out the banana slices. Brush the slices with remaining butter and sprinkle with remaining sugar. Bake for about 12 hour until the bananas are golden brown. Set aside.nFor the cookies: In a medium bowl, stir together the peanut butter and honey. Mix in the flour, then the caramelized bananas and chocolate. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Drop tablespoonsize clusters on the baking sheet. Bake for 20 minutes, or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 banana, thinly sliced, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup peanut butter, 12 cup honey, 1 cup flour, 1 cup chocolate, coarsely chopped], title: Dog and Human Cookies, picturelink: null}, 45867: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: DeepfryernPreheat oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F.nMeasure flour into a pie plate. In another pie plate combine panko, Parmesan, parsley, red pepper flakes and salt and pepper, to taste. In a third plate add eggs and water. Dredge the zucchini in the flour, followed by the egg and finally in the panko.nWorking in batches, place the breaded zucchini slices in the hot oil and fry until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on a paper towel lined sheet tray and immediately season with salt and pepper. Serve alongside the zucchini.nFor the sauce:nAdd all the ingredients into a serving bowl and mix until incorporated. Cover with plastic wrap and let flavors marinate for at least 1 hour., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 3 large zucchini, cut into 12inch rounds, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups panko bread crumbs, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup water, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 1 medium shallot, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Dash hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Neelys Fried Zucchini, picturelink: Vu8DMMftHuWtOdvuJGIypBWqzZNQ0aO}, 45868: {instructions: Preheat a grill to 500 degrees F.nPlace the olive oil in a medium heated shallow pot. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until golden brown. Add the piquillo peppers and orange juice and simmer for about 30 minutes. Remove form the heat and puree in a blender. Season, to taste.nToss the octopus and shrimp with the extravirgin olive oil, garlic, oregano and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill and cook until charred on the outside. Place in a mixing bowl and toss with the sliced red onions, lemon juice, water cress and Piquillo Pepper Fondue. Season, to taste, and finish with the crispy chick peas., ingredients: [1 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup shallots, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, rough chopped, 2 cans piquillo peppers, drained roasted red peppers can be substituted, 2 cups orange juice, 1 pound tenderized baby octopus, blanched and cleaned, 1 pound medium sized shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 sprigs fresh oregano leaves, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, Juice of 2 lemons, 2 pounds watercress, stemmed and well washed, 2 cups cooked chick peas, fried until crispy], title: Grilled Shrimp and Octopus Salad with Piquillo Pepper Fondue and Crispy Chick Peas, picturelink: null}, 45869: {instructions: Combine the carrot, orange and lime juice in a pitcher. Fill chilled champagne flutes or glasses halfway with the juice and top with the Champagne. Garnish with the carrot greens., ingredients: [1 12 cups freshly squeezed carrot juice, carrot greens reserved for garnish, 1 12 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, Juice of 1 lime, 1 bottle Champagne or sparkling wine, chilled], title: CarrotOrange Mimosa, picturelink: fz5SAEjIbmxbM3nsYWln9ePhNs32a6}, 45870: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat large pot of water to a boil, salt water and cook pasta to al dente.nWhile pasta water comes to a boil, heat olive oil in a medium sauce pot over mediumhigh heat, add pancetta and render 2 to 3 minutes then add meat and break up as it browns. When the meat has begun to caramelize and develops a nice brown color, 4 to 5 minutes, add carrot, onion, 2 cloves of garlic, allspice, salt and pepper and a bay leaf. Cook 3 to 4 minutes more to soften onions and carrots bits then stir in tomato paste and cook for 2 minutes, then stir in wine and cook out 1 minute then stir in stock and reduce heat to simmer.nWhile red sauce cooks, cut remaining whole clove of garlic and rub the inside of a medium sauce pot with it. Melt butter in pot over medium heat. Add in flour and whisk together a minute or so then whisk in milk and bring to a bubble, reduce heat then season sauce with salt, pepper and nutmeg, thicken 8 to 10 minutes.nToss pasta with white sauce and 12 cup grated cheese. Serve pasta in individual bowls and top with a ladle of meat sauce in the middle of the bowl for mixing in. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound Campanelle pasta, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound pancetta, a couple of thick slices, chopped, 34 pound ground beef pork and veal mix or ground beef, 12 large carrot, peeled and grated or finely chopped, 1 small to medium onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, 2 chopped or grated, 1 peeled, 12 teaspoon allspice, a couple of pinches, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup dry red wine, 2 cups beef stock, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 cups milk, Nutmeg, to taste, 12 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano, plus some to pass at table, A handful fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped], title: Two Sauce Weeknight Lasagna Bowls, picturelink: yn.S5QjqsVnvU46g9HScf0.HVVCekS}, 45871: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the porchetta: The day before roasting, chop 1 teaspoon of the fennel seed and mix it with the orange zest and 2 14 teaspoons of the salt. Rub the turkey breast with the salt mixture, then transfer it to a gallonsize freezer bag and refrigerate over night.nThe day of roasting: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the turkey breast from the refrigerator and allow it to come to room temperature for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, toast the panko in a 12inch ovenproof skillet over medium heat, stirring with a rubber spatula until golden brown. Remove to a medium bowl and add the remaining 1 teaspoon fennel seed, the red pepper flakes and 12 teaspoon of the salt. Set aside.nTo the same pan, over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, then the apples, shallots, fennel, rosemary and the remaining 12 teaspoon salt. Cook until the fennel softens, about 5 minutes add to the bowl with the panko and toss to combine.nUnfold the butterflied turkey breast and spread the stuffing evenly over the surface of the breast. Tightly roll up the breast and tie it with butchers twine at 2inch intervals, then tie it once lengthwise.nPlace the skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Sear the turkey on all sides until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to the oven and roast until an instant read thermometer reads 155 degrees F at the thickest point, about 40 minutes. Remove the turkey to a cutting board, tent with foil and rest for 15 minute before slicing.nFor the gravy: While the porchetta is resting, prepare the gravy. Over mediumhigh heat, add the rosemary sprigs and flour to the skillet the turkey was cooked in whisk to form a smooth paste. If there arent enough pan drippings to make a paste, add a tablespoon of olive oil. Cook the paste to a medium amber color over mediumhigh heat, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the white wine and cook, whisking, for 1 minute more. Add the chicken broth, salt and pepper and whisk until smooth. Bring the gravy to a boil, lower the heat to medium and simmer for 5 minutes. Strain the gravy just before serving. Serve alongside the porchetta., ingredients: [2 teaspoons fennel seed, 2 teaspoons orange zest 1 orange, 3 14 teaspoons kosher salt, One 6pound boneless, skinon turkey breast, butterflied, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 small apples, cut in 13inch dice, 2 shallots, minced, 1 large bulb fennel, cut into 14inch dice, 2 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary about 2 sprigs, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon flour, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, as needed, 12 cup dry white wine, such as pinot grigio, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Breast Porchetta, picturelink: owmbqvSEp8Jbkbz4b30F7vn8IrNHuO}, 45872: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh.nFor the patties:nCombine the chuck, basil, sundried tomatoes, onion, garlic, and salt in a large bowl, handling as little as possible. Shape into 6 patties to fit the bun size. Loosely cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nFor the fennel:nGrate 2 teaspoons zest from the lemons. Juice the lemons to yield 2 tablespoons juice. Put the fennel rings in a mediumsized bowl and toss with the lemon juice, oil, and salt. Put the fennel in a grill basket and grill, shaking the basket occasionally, until soft, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the fennel to a sheet of foil, sprinkle with the lemon zest, and wrap to keep warm.nHeat a large, heavy nonstick fireproof skillet on the grill. Add the bacon and cook until crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Wrap in foil to keep warm.nFor the topping:nDrain off the bacon fat from the skillet, wipe out the skillet with paper towels, and set the skillet back on the grill. Add the walnuts to the skillet and toast until golden and fragrant set aside.nWhisk the vinegar with the oil in a small bowl and season with salt, to taste. Combine the figs, arugula, and toasted walnuts in a medium bowl. Toss with just enough dressing to coat.nWhen the grill is ready, brush the grill rack with vegetable oil. Place the patties on the rack, cover, and cook, turning once, until done to preference, 5 to 7 minutes on each side for medium. Place the cheese slices on the patties during the last 3 minutes of grilling. Place the buns, cut side down, on the outer edges of the rack to toast lightly during the last 2 minutes of grilling.nTo assemble the burgers, place equal portions of the warm grilled fennel on each bun bottom, followed by a cheesetopped patty, 2 bacon slices, and an equal portion of the figarugula topping. Add the bun tops and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds ground chuck, 34 cup packed fresh basil leaves, chopped, 34 cup drained and chopped sun dried tomatoes, packed in oil, 12 grated onion, 3 garlic cloves, minced or pressed, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 mediumsized lemons, preferably Meyer lemons, 4 mediumsized fennel bulbs, tops removed, sliced into rings, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil recommended: Colavita, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 slices thickcut black pepper bacon or regular thickcut bacon, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 4 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil recommended: Colavita, Salt, 6 fresh figs, stemmed and sliced lengthwise, 3 cups prewashed bagged baby arugula, roughly torn, 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, for brushing on the grill rack, 34 pound aged Teleme cheese semisoft cheese made in northern California, sliced thinly Camembert or Brie may be substituted, 6 goodquality hamburger buns, split], title: Born in Berkeley Burgers winning Beef Burger, picturelink: null}, 45873: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdjust the racks to the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spray two 9by112inch round cake pans with nonstick spray.nAdd the granulated sugar and butter to the bowl of a stand mixer outfitted with the paddle attachment. Beat until creamy, just 2 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time to the mixture and beat until mixed together.nWhisk together the cake flour, allpurpose flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. In a measuring cup, mix the milk and vanilla extract together. Turn the mixer back to medium speed and add the flour mixture and milk mixture alternately to create a smooth batter.nEvenly divide the cake batter between the prepared pans. Bake until the cakes start pulling away from the edges of the pan and a toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool the cakes for 10 minutes in their pans, then turn them out on a wire rack to cool completely before frosting.nFrost the cake by tucking parchment underneath the first cake layer and the cake plate. Spread the Chocolate Frosting evenly over the first layer, then place the second cake on top. Frost the top of the cake, then work your way over the sides. Remove the parchment and serve.nAdd the chopped chocolate to a heatproof bowl and set over a lightly simmering pot of water make sure the bottom of the pot is not touching the water. Stir until the chocolate is completely smooth and melted. Remove from the heat and cool until room temperature, about 15 minutes.nAdd the confectioners sugar to a medium bowl and whisk out the lumps.nBeat the butter in a stand mixer outfitted with the paddle attachment until creamy. Add the cooled melted chocolate. Gradually add the confectioners sugar in 3 batches and beat until combined. Add the milk, vanilla and salt, and beat until the mixture is creamy, well mixed and spreadable., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, for spraying pans, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 cups cake flour, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Chocolate Frosting, recipe follows, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon whole milk, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Vanilla Birthday Cake with Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: 0oKK4AMn9HMMxCUJ6jR5p5aa0deP4lm}, 45874: {instructions: Preheat a grill or broiler to high.nIn a blender, combine vinegar, jalapeno, garlic, and bay leaves puree until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and add the herbs. Whisk in the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Mix well and set aside.nSeason the flank steak with olive oil, salt, and pepper and grillbroil the steak for 2 to 3 minutes per side for medium rare. Slice the steak thinly, across the grain on the bias and serve with the chimichurri sauce., ingredients: [14 cup distilled white vinegar, 2 jalapenos, roughly chopped, 4 cloves garlic, 4 bay leaves, 12 cup freshly chopped Italian parsley, 12 cup freshly chopped cilantro, 12 cup freshly chopped oregano, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 1 12 to 2pound flank steak], title: Argentinean Steak with Parsley Sauce: Carne y Chimichurri, picturelink: pWYttaDyI4yRyxNA4bFss1puuy2CBQK}, 45875: {instructions: Melt chocolate chips over hot water and stir until smooth. Set aside and cool for 15 minutes. In large bowl, beat the butter until creamy. Gradually add powdered sugar alternating with the milk. Add melted chocolate and vanilla and beat until smooth., ingredients: [1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup butter, softened, 2 cups powdered sugar, 5 tablespoons milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Butter Cream for Hamburger Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 45876: {instructions: For the Lasagna:nHeat olive oil in a small pan and saute onions and garlic until onions become translucent, being careful not to burn garlic. Stir in tomato paste and 2 cups water and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and cook over low heat for approximately 15 minutes, or long enough to allow flavors to integrate into a sauce.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lay 14 about 15 of the wontons over the bottom of a lasagna dish, followed by a layer each of yellow squash, zucchini, eggplant, fresh tomato, about 12 cup tomato sauce, and 12 cup of the ricotta. Repeat for a total of 4 layers, finishing on the top layer with the mozzarella. Bake for about 30 minutes covered with foil, and about 10 minutes more uncovered. Remove from oven and let rest 10 minutes. While the lasagna is in the oven, begin the red pepper coulis.nWhisk the cornstarch into the chicken broth. Melt the butter over medium heat in a saute pan, and then add the chicken broth mixture, red peppers and garlic. Simmer 30 minutes. Pour hot mixture into blender and blend until smooth to make red pepper sauce.nSpoon some red pepper coulis onto serving plate and place a square of lasagna on top. Garnish with fresh basil sprigs., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, minced, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 4ounce can tomato paste, 2 cups water, Salt, Pepper, 1 package wonton skins, about 60 these measure about 3 inches square, 2 large yellow squash, peeled and sliced lengthwise into very thin slices, with a mandoline, 2 large zucchini, peeled and sliced lengthwise into very thin slices, with a mandoline, 1 large eggplant, peeled and sliced lengthwise into very thin slices, with a mandoline, 2 large fresh tomatoes, sliced very thin, on a mandoline, 2 cups ricotta cheese, 12 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 6 to 8 sprigs fresh basil, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 34 cup chicken broth, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 roasted red bell pepper, seeded and peeled, 1 small clove garlic], title: Winners Circle Lasagna, picturelink: 9Y3pF2kNs7yYraVNRFGQiwwZXe1Cmcm}, 45877: {instructions: Add the shredded potatoes to a bowl of water, stir to combine. Pour the potatoes over a wire mesh strainer and allow to drain.nWhisk the egg and egg white in a large glass mixing bowl until just incorporated, about 30 seconds. Sift the flour, granulated garlic, cayenne and cinnamon into the egg. Add the chives. Sprinkle with 3 teaspoons each salt and black pepper whisk until smooth. Fold in the sweet potato and potato, making sure the batter is thoroughly combined.nSet a large castiron or heavybottomed skillet over medium heat. Add the oil. Working in small batches, drop about 3 tablespoons per latke into the skillet just before the oil begins to smoke. Flatten each slightly with a slotted metal spatula. Make sure to not overcrowd the skillet.nCrisp the latkes until the bottoms are caramelized, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip with the spatula and continue crisping the second side for about 6 minutes total. The latkes should be cooked through and a dark, golden brown. Transfer to a papertowellined dish. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Serve immediately, garnishing each latke center with a small dollop of sour cream and a sprinkle of torn parsley leaves., ingredients: [1 medium russet potato, peeled and shredded about 10 ounces, 1 large sweet potato, peeled and shredded about 1 pound, 1 whole egg plus 1 egg white, 12 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons canola oil, One 16ounce container sour cream, Freshly torn fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Sweet PotatoChive Latkes, picturelink: YmQJ3G4fkSOyOQXUXjBsHQyMi7wBkO}, 45878: {instructions: Drain the peas, discarding the water, and set them aside. In a large skillet over medium heat, put the butter onion and shallot. When the butter is melted, increase the heat and add the peas. Mix with a wooden spoon, cover and cook about 8 minutes. Pour the contents of the skillet into a large pot, adding enough water to cover the peas. Bring to a boil, and add green bell pepper, salt and black pepper. Lower the heat to medium, and cook 50 to 60 minutes, or until peas are tender., ingredients: [1 pound dried blackeyed peas, soaked overnight, 12 stick 2 ounces butter or margarine, 1 large onion, cut into big cubes, 1 large shallot, quartered, 3 to 4 cups water, 14 green bell pepper, cored, seeded and chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: BlackEyed Peas, picturelink: null}, 45879: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPut the lamb in a roasting pan and roast until an instantread thermometer registers 140 degreesnF, about 2 hours. Remove from the oven to a cutting board and let stand for 2 hours. Trim off the fat and cut into 12inch squares. In a medium pot over medium heat, mix the beef base with the water and bring to a boil. Add the port, reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes. While the mixture is simmering, add the garlic. In a large saucepan add the carrots, celery, parsnips and onions. Stir in the lamb and the beef broth mixture and cook until the vegetables are al dente.nDistribute the mixture evenly into 12 shallow heatproof dishes and sprinkle with chopped thyme and rosemary. There should be about 2 ounces of liquid in each dish, or about a 12inch deep. Sprinkle with green peas. Pipe mashed potatoes through pastry bag to cover the mixture. Raise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Put the dishes into the oven and bake until the tops of the mashed potatoes are browned.nRemove from the oven and serve with a pint of beer., ingredients: [One 5pound boneless leg of lamb, 1 tablespoon beef base, 2 cups water, 1 12 cups port, 4 cloves garlic, sliced thin, 5 carrots, peeled, sliced in 12inch pieces and cubed, 6 stalks celery peeled, sliced in 12inch pieces and cubed, 5 parsnips, peeled, sliced in 12inch pieces and cubed, 2 white onions, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped rosemary leaves, 12 cup frozen green peas, Mashed potatoes, as needed, for topping, Beer, for serving recommended: Guinness], title: Shepherds Pie, picturelink: CZsROOV01kbo4ePpBf92zB2xbhS5vry}, 45880: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCream together the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar in a large bowl. Add the vanilla and eggs, mixing well. Combine the flour, instant coffee, baking soda and salt in a separate bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients in 3 batches, mixing after each one. Stir in the milk and semisweet chocolate chips.nSpread the mixture into a 10inch skillet and bake until golden brown, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove the skillet from the oven, top the cookie with several scoops of your favorite ice cream, drizzle on some hot fudge and top with whipped cream and a cherry., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, softened, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 heaping teaspoons instant coffee, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk chocolate chips, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, Ice cream, such as vanilla, strawberry, mint chocolate chip or chocolate, for serving, Hot fudge, for serving, Canned whipped cream, for serving, Maraschino cherries, for serving], title: Skillet Cookie Sundae, picturelink: vcVV8.lBck.q2cWvAQMAzUrfVgW1TZO}, 45881: {instructions: Melt butter over high heat in a medium saute pan. saute okra with all seasoning 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce heat to moderate and cook, stirring occasionally, an additional 5 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds okra, stems trimmed, washed, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin], title: Sauteed Okra with Cumin, picturelink: null}, 45882: {instructions: Preheat a grill for cooking over mediumhigh heat. Lightly oil the grill grates.nDrizzle the cutsides of the tomato halves with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place them on the grill cutside down until they have very dark grill marks, about 8 minutes. Gently flip and grill on the skinside to char, about 2 minutes. Lightly drizzle some olive oil on a sheet of aluminum foil. Arrange the onion rounds in one layer on the foil. Drizzle with a little more olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the foil sheet on the grill grates. Grill until the onions develop dark char on both sides, about 5 minutes per side. Turn the grill down to medium for the grilled cheese toast.nHeat the 1 tablespoon butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the grilled onions and cook until soft and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and thyme stir for about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and all their juices and mash down the tomatoes with a wooden spoon to break them up a bit. Add 2 cups water, 2 teaspoons salt and some more black pepper. Bring the soup to a boil, then turn down to a simmer and cook, about 15 minutes. Take the soup off the heat, and stir in the basil leaves. Very carefully puree the soup in a blender or with a handheld stick blender. When ready to serve, bring the soup back to a simmer, and add the heavy cream. Taste for seasoning. Add more salt, if necessary. If the tomatoes are too acidic, add a little sugar to taste.nMeanwhile, make the grilled cheese toast: brush the melted butter on both sides of each bread slice. Place the slices on the grill cook until nicely toasted on the underside, 3 to 5 minutes. Flip the bread and top each with 2 slices of cheese. Cover and cook to melt the cheese and toast the other side, 2 to 3 minutes. Grind a little pepper on each cheese toast. Serve immediately with the soup., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for oiling the grill grates and drizzling, 3 pounds plum tomatoes, halved through the stem ends, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, sliced into 14inch rounds, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter plus 2 tablespoons melted, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, minced, 6 large fresh basil leaves, 13 cup heavy cream, Sugar, for seasoning, optional, Four 12inchthick slices crusty bread, 8 slices Havarti cheese], title: Grilled Tomato Soup with Grilled Cheese Toasts, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 45883: {}, 45884: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 or 2 bundt muffin tins makes mini bundt cakes with no hole or 1 regular muffin tin, buttered and floured or use nonsticknHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the dates in a bowl and toss them with 2 tablespoons of the flour until lightly coated this will prevent them from sinking in the cake batter during baking.nBeat the eggs and sugar in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer until fluffy. With the mixer running, slowly pour in the oil. In a separate bowl, mix the flour, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, allspice, and vanilla. Mix into the egg mixture. Mix in the apples and nuts, then stir in the dates by hand, distributing them evenly in the batter. Spoon into the muffin tins and bake about 35 minutes, until springy and dry in the center. Let cool in the pan on a wire rack, then turn out.nMeanwhile, make the glaze: Stir the maple syrup and sugar together in a bowl. Glaze the cooled cakes by spooning the glaze around the tops of the cakes and letting it drip down the sides., ingredients: [1 cup chopped dates or whole raisins dark or golden, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon each ground cloves and ground allspice, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups peeled apple chunks from about 3 apples, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup maple syrup, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar], title: Stellar Apple Spice Cakes, picturelink: null}, 45885: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 cupcake pans with 24 cupcake liners.nSift the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Set the bowl aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer, with a paddle attachment, cream the sugar and eggs until light yellow in color, about 3 minutes. Add the oil and mix until incorporated. Add the sifted ingredients and mix until incorporated. Then, add the yogurt and mix until incorporated. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, add the coffee, cinnamon, vanilla extract and ancho chile powder. Mix until incorporated.nFill 24 cupcake liners threequarters full of batter. Bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, for 20 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool 15 minutes, then pull them from the pan and place on a cooling rack or a flat sheet pan.nTo assemble: Scoop 14 cup Vanilla Italian Buttercream Frosting onto the middle of the cupcake. Roll the cupcake, upside down, in bowl of Toasted Coconut until top is rounded and coated in coconut. Drizzle chocolate syrup on top.nIn the bowl of a large standing mixer, combine the egg whites and cream of tartar. Whip with whisk attachment at medium speed until frothy. Add 1 12 cups sugar and whip at high speed until stiff peaks form.nIn a saucepan on mediumhigh heat, stir the remaining 12 cup sugar into 12 cup water. Place a candy thermometer in the pan. When the simple syrup reaches soft ball stage 235 to 245 degrees F, immediately pour into the egg white mixture while the mixer is on low speed. Once the syrup is added, turn the mixer to high speed for 15 minutes or until the bottom of the mixing bowl is cool. Add the butter and whip until smooth and silky. Add the vanilla extract and mix until incorporated.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSpread the coconut out evenly on a cookie sheet, forming a single layer. Bake until golden brown but not scorched, 12 minutes stirring halfway through. Let cool for 15 minutes. Put the toasted coconut in a bowl., ingredients: [4 cups flour, 1 cup cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 cups sugar, 6 eggs, 2 cups canola oil, 2 cups plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons instant coffee, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ancho chile powder, Vanilla Italian Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, Toasted Coconut, recipe follows, Chocolate syrup, storebought or homemade, for garnish, 1 cup egg whites 7 large, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 cups sugar, 1 34 pounds unsalted butter, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 4 cups shredded sweetened coconut], title: Mayan Macaroon Cupcakes, picturelink: c5uz.TsZdOImcRCZsjrJJRzeu4uMTja}, 45886: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and put the pan over medium heat. Add the onions, season with salt, to taste, and saute until they are translucent and aromatic but have no color, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Remove from the heat and cool.nIn a large bowl, combine the meats, rosemary, Parmesan, water, bread crumbs, and eggs. Season generously with salt and add the cooked onions and garlic. Combine until well mixed. Squish with your hands, its funnMake a small patty of the meat mixture. Cook it and eat it. This is a tester patty to check and see if the seasoning is correct it will probably need salt. Adjust the seasoning, if needed.nRoll the meat mixture into 34inch meatballs. Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and put over high heat. Working in batches, cook the polpettini until they are brown on all sides. Add half a cup of chicken stock and cook until the stock has reduced by half. Remove to serving platters. Repeat this process until all the polpettini are cooked and serve immediately. Buonissimo, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups diced 14inch Spanish onion, Kosher salt, 3 garlic cloves, smashed and finely chopped, 34 pound each ground beef, veal, and pork, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 6 tablespoons water, 13 cup bread crumbs, 3 large eggs, 2 cups chicken stock], title: Polpettini, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 45887: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill with high, medium high, and medium zones. Lightly oil grates.n2. Season chicken with salt and black pepper, to taste and place it skinside down on grate on high heat. Cook until skin is crisp, turning once, about 5 minutes. Dip each piece of chicken in sauce, shake off excess, and return to grilldark meat pieces over medium high and white meat over medium heat. Cook, covered, basting once more, until glazed and an instantread thermometer inserted in thickest part of each piece of chicken registers 170degreesF, about 25 to 30 minutes.n1. Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the garlic, tomato paste, chili powder, paprika, red pepper flakes, allspice, and cloves and cook, stirring, until paste is dark brick red, about 3 minutes. Add the ketchup, water, vinegar, molasses, brown sugar, salt, soy sauce, Worcestershire, mustard, black pepper, and bay leaf.n2. Adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer and cook until the flavors come together, about 30 minutes. Remove and discard bay leaf before using., ingredients: [3 12 pounds mixed chicken parts breasts halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups Kansas CityStyle BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons neutraltasting oil, such as grapeseed or vegetable, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 slightly heaping tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, Pinch ground cloves, 2 cups ketchup, 2 cups water, 12 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup dark molasses, 14 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons Englishstyle dried mustard, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 bay leaf], title: Kansas City BBQd Chicken, picturelink: null}, 45888: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker, combine bloody Mary mix, vodka, Worcestershire sauce and adobo sauce. Squeeze lemon into shaker and shake to combine. Pour into a tall glass full of ice. Garnish with black pepper, olives, and a piece of pickled okra or green bean, if desired., ingredients: [2 shots bloody Mary mix, 1 shot pepper vodka recommended: Absolut Pepper, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon adobo sauce from canned chipotle chiles in adobo, 14 lemon, juiced, Ice cubes, Black pepper, Green olive with pimento, Pickled vegetable, for garnish like okra, green beans, optional], title: Bonfire Smoky Mary, picturelink: null}, 45889: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a bowl and stir well. Serve as a dipping sauce for wings, fried shrimp, and other fried appetizers. Use as a sandwich spread for burgers, fried chicken, or fish sandwiches. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 12 quarts ketchup recommended: Heinz Tomato Ketchup, 3 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 34 teaspoon finely chopped orange zest, 12 teaspoon finely chopped lemon zest], title: Citrus and Ancho Chili Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 45890: {instructions: Divide the ginger ale, ginger beer, vodka, lime juice and cherry juice between 2 lowball glasses or copper mugs. Stir to combine. Add ice and serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [6 ounces ginger ale, 6 ounces ginger beer, 4 ounces vodka, 2 limes, juiced, plus wedges, for garnish, 3 splashes cherry juice], title: Cherry Moscow Mule, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 45891: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil a 9 by 9inch square baking pan.nBeat eggs with sugar until well blended. Add the oil, matzo meal, potato starch, salt and blend well.nPut all the fruit in the pan and sprinkle with most of the cinnamon sugar, reserving a little for the top. Spoon the batter over the fruit, covering as much of the fruit as you can. Sprinkle with remaining sugar.nBake until the topping is set and just turning tan, about 45 minutes. Serve hot, warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup kosher for Passover vegetable oil, 34 cup matzo meal, 2 tablespoon potato starch, 6 to 8 cups peeled and sliced fruit, like apples, pears, and strawberries, 18 cup cinnamon sugar], title: Passover Cobbler, picturelink: W.PkDcaiyCt6XG2WfE.JCfyzc8VEIse}, 45892: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the sausage to a heavy skillet over medium high heat and cook until the sausage begins to render some of its fat, about 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the onions, jalapeno and peppers to the sausage and cook until soft and translucent. Add the potatoes to the skillet and increase the heat to high. Cook until the potatoes have browned lightly.nAdd the black beans, pudding, and turkey and stir occasionally. Cook until the hash is thoroughly heated. Season with cayenne, salt, and pepper., ingredients: [8 ounces breakfast sausage, 12 onion, chopped, 12 jalapeno, minced, 12 cup red peppers, chopped, 1 12 cups red bliss potatoes, cubed and cooked, 1 12 cups cooked black beans, 2 cups Good Eats Corn Bread Pudding, cubed, recipe above, 1 to 2 cups cooked turkey, cubed, Dash cayenne pepper, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Turkey ReHash, picturelink: 2DDcG7TO2EiRs9vVwNgiit.NoJYT436}, 45893: {instructions: Preheat grill.nBrush fillets with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side.nRemove from grill and drizzle with some of the Citrus Vinaigrette. Let rest 5 minutes and then flake with a fork.nFill each fried tortilla with some of the mahi, top with the Red Cabbage Slaw, Tomato and Avocado Salsa, and drizzle with Charred Pineapplehabanero Hot Sauce.nCombine all ingredients in a blender and blend for 1 minute.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nGently combine all ingredients in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat a grill to high or preheat the broiler. Place the whole pineapple do not peel it on the grill and grill until the entire surface is completely black and charred. Remove from grill and let cool slightly. Peel the pineapple, remove the core and coarsely chop the flesh.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat add the onion and cook until soft. Add the pineapple, pineapple puree, habanero and vinegar and cook until the mixture is completely soft, about 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth. Season with salt, pepper and honey, to taste. Strain the mixture into a bowl., ingredients: [4 8ounce mahi mahi fillets, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Citrus Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 8 6inch flour tortillas, cut into 2 12 to 3inch circles, and deep fried, Red Cabbage Slaw, recipe follows, Tomato and Avocado Salsa, recipe follows, Pineapple hot sauce, store bought or recipe follows, for drizzling, 34 cup orange juice, 14 cup lime juice, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 heaping tablespoon honey, 12 cup canola oil, 14 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 14 head red cabbage, finely shredded, 1 large carrot, cut into fine julienne, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper, 4 plum tomatoes, chopped, 2 ripe Hass avocados, peeled, pitted and diced, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, 1 serrano chile, finely diced, 1 to 2 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons honey, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 ripe pineapple, preferably Golden pineapple, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 large Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 1 container frozen pineapple puree, thawed, 2 habanero chiles, chopped, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, Salt and pepper, Honey], title: Grilled Mahi Mahi Tacos with Red Cabbage Slaw, Tomato and Avocado Salsa and Pineapple Hot Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45894: {instructions: Special equipment: an absinthe spoon and a lighternPour the absinthe into a rocks glass. Quickly soak the sugar cube in the absinthe just roll it around to coat. Remove the sugar cube.nPlace an absinthe spoon across the rim of the glass and set the soaked sugar cube atop the spoon. Light the sugar cube on fire and let the sugar caramelize for 10 to 20 seconds.nSlowly pour the water over the sugar cube, allowing the sugar to dissolve into glass.nStir lightly with the absinthe spoon. Serve without ice, neat., ingredients: [1 ounce absinthe, 1 sugar cube, 3 ounces chilled water], title: Green Fairy  Czech Method, picturelink: null}, 45895: {instructions: Make the ChardonnayLemonHerb Splash ahead and keep refrigerated. Bring it to room temperature and stir it well before serving.nRinse frozen Alaska Crab legs under cold running water to remove any ice glaze pat dry with paper towels. Discard towels. Cut crab legs into smaller sections with a large knife or clean kitchen scissors, if desired.nIn the bottom of a large steamer pot with an insert and a tightfitting lid, combine the wine, water and lemon slices. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Place crab legs in steamer insert and place over boiling mixture. Cover pan tightly and cook for 6 to 8 minutes for frozen crab or 3 to 4 minutes for thawed crab, cooking just until crab is heatedthrough.nServe crab drizzled with the ChardonnayLemonHerb Splash pass the remaining splash on the side.nMix all the ingredients well.nMakes 34 cup, ingredients: [3 pounds Alaska King Crab legs, thawed or frozen, 1 cup Chardonnay, 1 cup water, 1 lemon, cut into 8 slices, ChardonnayLemonHerb Splash recipe follows, ChardonnayLemonHerb Splash:, 6 Tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 Tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 Tablespoons Chardonnay, 2 teaspoons minced lemon zest, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary, 1 Tablespoon minced fresh basil, 1 Tablespoon minced parsley, 18 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Steamed Alaska King Crab with ChardonnayLemonHerb Splash, picturelink: wq73bBeuf1GCxV.Hg35o0gW.9MVOY2}, 45896: {instructions: Halve the chicken breasts horizontally separating each into 2 cutlets.nPlace each halved cutlet in an individual freezer plastic storage bag with slider tab. Add a tablespoon of water to each bag and pound into18inch thick cutlets.nArrange the 4 cutlets on work surface. Season cutlets with salt and pepper on the side facing up. Cover each piece of chicken with 1 slice cheese and 1 slice ham. Starting on 1 side of the breast, place a small bundle of 3 asparagus spears. Wrap and roll the chicken around the asparagus. Wash hands.nHeat about 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. When hot, using tongs, add the chicken rollups to skillet with seam side down. Season the rollups with salt and pepper. Cover the pan loosely with tin foil and cook 4 to 5 minutes, turn rollups over and cook and other 4 to 5 minutes. Remove cooked roll ups to a serving plate. Add 2 tablespoons of butter and 2 tablespoons flour Stir in the chicken stock and Dijon mustard, scraping up any drippings from the bottom of the pan, and simmer 1 minute. Remove from the heat, add the lemon zest, lemon juice and parsley and spoon over chicken., ingredients: [2 6ounce pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 thin slices provolone cheese, 4 thin slices prosciutto cotto, 12 thin spears asparagus, trimmed of tough stems and blanched in salted water 2 minutes, drained, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock or vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 lemon, zested and juiced, 14 cup chopped, flatleaf parsley, a handful], title: Spring Chicken RollUps with Lemon Dijon Pan Sauce, picturelink: null}, 45897: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 4 by 4inch pieces parchment paper 4 cedar plank pieces, food service qualitynPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small saute pan over medium heat, heat oil. When hot, add jalapenos and saute until caramelized. Add garlic, and before it begins to brown, deglaze with white wine. Next add mustard and apricot preserves and bring to a simmer. Simmer over low heat for 20 minutes and let completely cool.nPlace parchment paper on planks, add salmon, lightly salt and pepper, place a rosemary sprig on each fillet, and liberally apply cooled apricot mixture.nPlace cedar plank on gas burner. When plank has begun to smoke, place into preheated oven.nCook salmon until mediumrare remove from oven and let sit for 2 to 3 minutes until serving. Garnish with lemon zest., ingredients: [2 tablespoons oil, 2 jalapenos, cut into rings, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 12 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 cup apricot preserves, Four 6ounce salmon fillets, skinned and boned, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Four 3inch fresh rosemary sprigs, 1 lemon, zested], title: Johnny Garlics Cedar Plank Salmon, picturelink: ob3bp5M9DmJLawniJJEVZPXAveoT22q}, 45898: {instructions: Combine the milk, heavy cream, sugar, cocoa powder and a pinch of salt in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat, whisking occasionally, until the sugar and cocoa powder dissolve and the milk is steaming do not boil.nWhisk in half of the chopped chocolate until melted, then whisk in the remaining chocolate until smooth. Remove from the heat and whisk in the vanilla. Pour into mugs and top with marshmallows or whipped cream.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [3 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, Kosher salt, 6 ounces milk chocolate, chopped, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Marshmallows or whipped cream, for topping], title: Classic Hot Chocolate, picturelink: s4pyTT4IpDPNaPbYax8MU6WI2Ad1o.K}, 45899: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the noodles in a bowl, cover with hot tap water and soak, flipping once, for 10 minutes the noodles should pull apart easily. Drain well toss with the melted butter.nWhisk the eggs, sugar, coconut milk, sour cream, almond extract, cardamom, anise seed and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Stir in the noodles, raisins and ginger until combined.nButter an 8inch square baking dish spread out the bananas in a layer, then pour the noodle mixture on top. Sprinkle with coconut and almonds. Bake until golden brown and set, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Let cool for at least 1 hour before slicing.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [3 3ounce packages ramen noodles, seasoning packets discarded, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing, 2 large eggs, 23 cup sugar, 1 14ounce can coconut milk, 12 cup sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons almond extract, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon anise seed, crushed, Salt, 12 cup golden raisins, 14 cup crystallized ginger,chopped, 2 bananas,thinly sliced, 14 cup shredded coconut, 2 Tablespoons sliced almonds], title: BananaCoconut Ramen Pudding, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}}