{46800: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial Equipment: food processornPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason roast well with salt and pepper. In a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons oil. When hot, sear roast on all sides, until nicely caramelized, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove roast to a sheet tray lined with a wire rack.nMeanwhile, place garlic, parsley, thyme, oregano, rosemary, mustard powder, 12 cup oil, salt and pepper, to taste, in a food processor and pulse until mixture forms a paste.nRub paste all over roast. Bake in the oven until the roast is cooked to mediumrare or registers 125 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 45 minutes.nLet roast rest 10 minutes before slicing and serve with Horseradish Cream.nHorseradish Cream:nIn a small bowl, mix together all ingredients. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nYield: 12 cup, ingredients: [1 3pound boneless beef eye round roast, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 5 cloves garlic, 1 bunch parsley, leaves only, 12 bunch fresh thyme, leaves only, 8 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves only 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves only, 2 tablespoons mustard powder, Horseradish Cream, recipe follows, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Salt], title: HerbCrusted Roast Beef with Horseradish Cream, picturelink: Ngi6axyyzoXbnNCX9BHMiLHWn8gt7Ve}, 46801: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove half of cookie dough from wrapper refrigerate remaining dough until needed.n2. Sprinkle about 14 cup of flour onto work surface coat sides of half of dough with flour. With rolling pin, roll out dough to 14inch thickness, adding additional flour as needed to prevent sticking. With floured 2 12 to 3inch gingerbread boy or girl cutter, cut out dough boys or girls. Gently brush excess flour from shapes place 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining half of dough.n3. Bake 7 to 9 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool 1 minute remove from cookie sheet to cooling racks. Cool completely. Place icing in piping bag, decorate with icing and candies for eyes and buttons, as desired., ingredients: [1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated gingerbread cookies, 12 cup readytospread frosting, 100 red cinnamon candies or other small red candies], title: Easy Gingerbread Friends, picturelink: null}, 46802: {instructions: Combine jicama, orange sections, lemon sections, juice, cabbage, carrots, scallions, 1 tablespoon honey and pinch of cayenne and mix together with hands to assure distribution of honey. Taste and adjust if too acidic with remaining 12 tablespoon honey., ingredients: [1 large jicama peeled and grated or shaved thin on a mandoline, 2 to 3 oranges, zest and pith removed and sectioned, 1 lemon, zest and pith removed and sectioned, juice reserved, 1 cup red cabbage sliced very thin by hand or mandoline, 2 large carrots or 4 small curled or grated, 1 cup scallions sliced thin, 1 to 112 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon of cayenne], title: Jicama Slaw, picturelink: null}, 46803: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPulverize the saffron to create a powder using a mortar and pestle, and then add to a saucepan with the chicken stock and heat. Allow the saffron to dissolve keep warm until ready to use.nHeat the oil in a large Paella pan or large ovenproof casserole and saute the garlic, tomatoes, onions and green peppers until the onions are transparent. Add the chicken and pork, sprinkle generously with salt and black pepper, and cook until the meat is lightly browned on all sides. Add the shrimp, squid, scallops, clams and mussels and saute for 1 minute. Pour in the saffron chicken stock, rice and bay leaf stir well. Bring to a boil, and then cover and transfer to the oven to bake until the rice is done, about 20 minutes.nFor garnish and assembly: Sprinkle the paella with the wine and garnish with the peas, asparagus tips and roasted red peppers. Serve out of the pan., ingredients: [12 teaspoon saffron, 4 cups chicken stock, 12 cup Spanish extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 medium tomatoes, chopped, 1 large Spanish onion, chopped into eighths, 1 large green pepper, chopped into eighths, 1 pound boneless chicken breast, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 ounces boneless pork loin, cut into 1inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces shrimp, 3640 count, 8 ounces squid, tentacles and tubes, cut into 34inchwide tubes, 12 scallops, 1020 count, 8 littleneck clams, 8 mussels, 2 cups longgrain rice, 1 whole bay leaf, Garnish:, 14 cup dry white wine, 12 cup small peas, cooked, 4 white asparagus tips, 2 roasted red peppers, cut into strips], title: Paella Valenciana, picturelink: null}, 46804: {instructions: Combine the yolks, sugar and wine in a stainless steel bowl. Whisk the ingredients together to create a smooth texture. Set the bowl over a pot of simmering water on the stove being careful of the hot water in the pot and continue to whisk in long strokes so that the egg mixture rides high up the side of the bowl. Continue to whisk air into the eggs, all the while over the pot of hot water, for 5 to 7 minutes or until the mixture is triple in volume. When the eggs have increased in volume and thickened serve with fresh fruit and pound cake., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 12 cup Marsala wine, 4 fresh peaches, washed, stones removed and sliced, 1 pint strawberries, washed and hulled], title: Fresh Peaches and Zabaglione, picturelink: null}, 46805: {instructions: To make the marinade and sauce: In a large bowl, combine the garlic, yellow bean sauce, pork fillet and Shaohsing rice wine with the Sweet and Sour Sauce ingredients except for the groundnut oil. Marinate the pork for as long as possible.nBefore cooking, strain and slice the pork fillet. Retain the marinade.nHeat a wok over high heat and add the 2 tablespoons groundnut oil. Add the sliced pork and stirfry until browned for about 3 to 4 minutes. Lastly, pour in the marinade and reduce the heat. Cook so the sauce achieves a sticky consistency, a further 2 to 3 minutes.nTo make the onions: Heat a small wok or pan, add the groundnut oil and stirfry the red onions until translucent and softened, about 4 to 5 minutes. Then, add the black rice vinegar, and brown sugar, and caramelize for another minute.nFor service: Heat a griddle pan, add some groundnut oil, and place the sliced seeded buns, cut side down, and grill until browned slightly. Stuff the buns with some of the salad leaves, some of the sticky pork slices, caramelized onions, and sliced red tomatoes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons yellow bean sauce, 2 pounds pork fillet  loin, sliced, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar recommended: Chinkiang or balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly cracked white pepper, 2 tablespoons groundnut oil  peanut, 1 tablespoon groundnut oil peanut, 3 red onions, peeled and sliced, 1 tablespoon black rice vinegar recommended: Chinkiang or balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Groundnut oil peanut, for service, 8 large sesame seed buns, for service, Green and red Lollo salad leaves, washed and torn into small pieces, for service, 4 tomatoes, sliced, optional, for service], title: Sweet and Sour Soy Pork Buns, picturelink: null}, 46806: {instructions: Rinse the asparagus, peel the stalks and then remove the tough white ends at the base. Saute the asparagus in oil and butter until tender along with the sage leaves. Discard the sage leaves after cooking. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 asparagus stalks, 18 cup grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 fresh sage leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Sauteed Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 46807: {instructions: Cake: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nSift the sifted cake flour with 12 cup of the sugar 3 times this is to aerate the mixture and make it light. Set aside. Whip the egg whites in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and salt and continue whipping until soft peaks form. With the mixer running, gradually add the remaining cup of sugar and continue whipping until stiff and the sugar is dissolved, about 30 seconds more. Gradually add the sifted floursugar mixture and fold into the whites. Lastly fold in the lemon zest and vanilla extract. Pipe the batter into ungreased mini muffin tins. Bake until light golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Let the cakes cool in the pans, then run a knife along the edges to loosen them. Remove from the pans and place upsidedown on a wire rack set over a sheet pan. Stir the lemon juice and powdered sugar together until smooth, creating a glaze. Pour over each cake until the tops are smoothly coated.nConfit: Cut a slice off the top and bottom of each lemon to expose the flesh. Cutting from top to bottom and following the contours of the fruit, cut off the peel and white pith in 1inchwide strips. Scrape off any pulp adhering to the strips, but leave the pith intact. You now have several 1inch wide strips of lemon peel and pith. Cut each one into long strips, about 14inch by 3 inches each. Meanwhile, boil a kettleful of water. Pour about a quart of the boiling water into a saucepan, bring to a boil, add all the lemon rind, and boil 30 seconds. Drain in a strainer and rinse under cold running water. Repeat 2 times more, using fresh boiling water each time.nCombine the 1 cup of sugar and 2 cups of water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the blanched rind and reduce the heat to a simmer. Simmer until tender, about 1 hour. Drain in a strainer and let cool 15 minutes until cool enough to handle. Using your fingers, arrange the strips on a wire rack so that they do not touch each other. Let cool. Chop the lemon confit and sprinkle over the tops. Let set 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 18 cups sifted cake flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 12 cups egg whites, at room temperature about 10 eggs, 1 14 teaspoons cream of tartar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 lemon, grated zest, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 5 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 12 cups powdered sugar, 2 large lemons, 1 cups sugar, 2 cups water], title: Lemon Angel Food Cake, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 46808: {instructions: To make the carrots: Whisk together sugar, lemon juice, spices, salt, and oil in a large bowl until sugar is dissolved.nHalve carrots crosswise on a long diagonal, then, starting from diagonal ends, cut into 116inchthick slices using slicer. Cook carrots in a 4 to 5quart pot of boiling salted water until crisptender, about 45 seconds. Drain well in a colander and immediately toss with dressing. Cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally, then marinate, covered and chilled, at least 4 hours.nTo make the tapenade and assemble sandwiches: Pulse olives with capers, parsley, anchovy, zest, lemon juice, and pepper in a food processor until coarsely chopped, then scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Pulsing motor, add oil in a slow stream and continue to pulse until mixture is finely chopped do not pulse to a paste.nSpread tapenade on 6 slices of bread and goat cheese on remaining 6 slices, then make sandwiches with carrots., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup olive oil, 1 12 pounds medium carrots about 8, 1 14 cups green olives 6 to 7 ounces such as Cerignola or picholine, pitted, 3 tablespoons drained bottled capers, rinsed, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 flat anchovy fillet, chopped, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 12 slices goodquality pumpernickel sandwich bread, 6 ouncse soft mild goat cheese 34 cup at room temperature, Special equipment: an adjustableblade slicer], title: Moroccan Carrot and Goat Cheese Sandwiches with Green Olive Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 46809: {instructions: Combine the butter, sugar and salt using an electric mixer on low speed until mostly incorporated. Add the milk and almond extract, increase the speed to mediumhigh and mix until light and fluffy.nTake 34 cup of the frosting and reserve. Take 1 cup of the frosting and add 8 to 10 drops of green food coloring to make a grassy color and reserve. Fill a pastry bag or resealable plastic baggie with the remaining frosting and snip a 1inch corner off the bag.nTo make the body: Place 5 of the cupcakes in a line. Nestle 4 cupcakes above the line and 4 more cupcakes below the line, making them touch so you have a rough oval shape. Top each cupcake with a swirl of white frosting from the piping bag. Then pipe smaller peaks to fill all of the spaces between the cupcakes.nTo make the head: Put 3 cupcakes together in an upsidedown triangle. Spread with 12 cup of the reserved white frosting so that all of the cupcakes are connected.nTo make the ears: Cut 1 cupcake in half, paper and all. Set each half, cutside in, on either side of the bottom of the triangle. Spread 12 tablespoon of white frosting on top. Cut 1 licorice wheel in half and place, cutside in, on each half cupcake. Now, pipe little swirls all over the top third of the head and around the outsides of the licorice ears. Nestle the head into the shoulder.nTo make the face: Peel off a 3inch strip of licorice. Pull apart into 2 strands and cut into 1inch lengths. Place 2 of them on the head for eyes. Make a Y shape with 3 pieces and place so the bottom point is centered at the bottom edge of the face. Discard or eat the fourth piece.nTo make the legs: Put 2 cupcakes into the first and third gaps on the bottom row of the body. Spread some frosting on each cupcake. Top each leg with a whole licorice wheel. Cut another wheel in half place one half under each wheel for the hooves.nTo make the grass: Line the remaining 5 cupcakes horizontally under the legs. Spread half of the green frosting in an even layer along the cupcakes, covering and connecting them.nNext, fill the reservoir of a garlic press with some of the remaining the green frosting. The frosting is easiest to work with at cool room temperature. Press, attaching the frosting to each cupcake, while pulling upward to create grass. Repeat using the rest of the frosting until all of the cupcakes are covered., ingredients: [1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, 2 pounds 2 boxes confectioners sugar, Pinch fine salt, 24 devils food cupcakes, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 to 3 teaspoons almond extract, Green food coloring, 5 licorice wheels, such as Haribo], title: Little Lamb PullApart Cupcakes, picturelink: YsrU7JYMhL7Pi6sNdWqvgv96YQkc9JK}, 46810: {instructions: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nBrush the nectarines with the amaretto. Grill until golden, tender and you have achieved beautiful grill marks, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side, 6 minutes total. Remove from the grill and let cool slightly.nAdd the mascarpone, whipping cream, sugar, lemon zest, and vanilla to a large mixing bowl and beat with a hand mixer until soft peaks appear.nPlate the grilled nectarines on a platter and top each with a dollop of whipped mascarpone and a sprinkling of chopped pistachios. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 firm yet ripe large nectarines, pitted and halved, 14 cup amaretto, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, chilled, 12 cup whipping cream, chilled, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon zest, 14 cup chopped pistachios], title: Grilled Nectarines with Mascarpone, picturelink: UKfNr.J1g0cO.sJt.Q5gXPCpLwoZuEi}, 46811: {instructions: Cut peaches in half, remove seed. Cut into 14inch slices. Brush with oil and grill on each side until tender. Cool slightly, cut into chunks.nCombine all ingredients in salad kit except White Balsamic Vinaigrette, in large bowl. Add peaches and bacon, toss well. Toss with dressing. Serve with crusty bread, if desired., ingredients: [2 peaches, Olive oil to brush, 1 pkg. DOLEu00ae All Natural Spinach Cherry Almond Bleu Salad Kit, 4 slices turkey bacon, cooked and cut into 12inch pieces], title: Spinach Cherry Almond Salad with Bacon and Peaches, picturelink: vtmZuyYV6UQgDOhEN6zYnUQnK3IeLjC}, 46812: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nClean the 12 large squid tubes remove skin and cartilage inside the squid and rinse and clean. In a large pan saute onions in 2 tablespoons olive oil until soft. In a large bowl, combine the Sauteed onions, 12 cup of olive oil, garlic, 1 cup pecorino, 12 cup parsley, and the bread crumbs and mix well. Add the remaining 12 cup of oil to make the bread crumbs soft. Add the raisins last. Fill the squid tubes with the mixture and secure with a toothpick at the top opening. Lay the tubes in a baking pan with a little oil in the bottom of the pan, and bake for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, remove from oven and top with tomato sauce. Sprinkle with 14 cup of pecorino and an additional 14 cup of parsley. Put pan back in the oven and bake until the cheese is melted, 10 to 15 minutes.nIn a large frying pan, mix crushed tomatoes, garlic, basil, salt, pepper and sugar. Cook for 5 minutes and set aside., ingredients: [12 large squid tubes, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons, plus 12 cup olive oil, plus 12 cup, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup grated pecorino, plus 14 cup, 12 cup Italian finely chopped parsley, plus 14 cup, 6 cups bread crumbs, 1 cup raisins, 12 toothpicks, Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, 56 ounces canned, crushed tomatoes, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped basil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Stuffed Calamari, Sicilian Style, picturelink: null}, 46813: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread 14 cup enchilada sauce in the bottom of a 9inch pie plate.nPour the remaining enchilada sauce into a shallow dish. Dip 3 tortillas into the enchilada sauce and turn to coat. Line the pie plate with the coated tortillas, overlapping as needed. Top with half the chicken and 12 cup cheese. Repeat the layers. Coat the remaining tortillas with the enchilada sauce and place on top. Spread with the remaining enchilada sauce.nBake for 25 minutes or until the filling is hot and bubbling. Top with the remaining cheese and bake until the cheese is melted., ingredients: [2 cups prepared enchilada sauce, 9 corn tortillas 6inch, 2 cups shredded or chopped cooked chicken, 2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend about 8 ounces], title: Chicken and Tortilla Enchilada Bake, picturelink: EIR3lPaSwXQAZSMjM47.deLFoaptBoS}, 46814: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottoms and sides of two 9inch round cake pans dust with flour, and tap out the excess.nWhisk together the flour, cornstarch, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside.nBeat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, making sure the batter is well mixed before adding the next egg. Beat in the vanilla until blended.nAlternate folding the flour mixture and the milk into the butter mixture with a spatula, adding the flour in three additions and the milk in two, starting and ending with the flour, until just smooth. The batter may look slightly curdled as you mix it, but this is not a problem. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans.nBake until the cakes are golden and the centers spring back to the touch, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool in the pans about 10 minutes, turn out onto cooling racks and let cool completely. Turn the cakes over, and poke the tops all over with the tines of a fork. Generously brush the tops with the liqueur, letting it soak in before brushing on more.nFor the frosting: While the cakes cool, bring a few inches of water to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Set a large heatproof bowl over it do not let the bowl touch the water, add the egg whites and sugar and whisk until the mixture is warm and the sugar has dissolved, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the bowl from the pan, and beat the mixture with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff, glossy peaks form, 4 to 7 minutes. Beat in the butter a few pieces at a time, and continue beating until the frosting is smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Dont worry if the mixture becomes soupy or looks separated keep beating and it will come together. Stir the Kahlua and instant coffee together until dissolved, and beat into the frosting with the mixer running on low speed. Increase the speed to mediumhigh, and beat until fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes.nTo assemble: Place 1 cake layer rightside up on a cake plate or stand, and spread with 1 cup of the frosting. Top with the second cake layer. Frost the top and sides of the cake with the remaining frosting., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing the pans, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, spooned and leveled, plus more for greasing the pans, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup milk, 12 cup Irish cream liqueur, such as Baileys, 4 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 3 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature, 13 cup coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua, 1 tablespoon instant coffee], title: Spiked Mudslide Cake, picturelink: jdtH8x61M36Z9DYkPHamC1IQVP921S}, 46815: {instructions: Muddle the sugar and bitters to a paste in an oldfashioned glass. Fill the glass with ice, add the bourbon and stir for 12 to 15 seconds with a bar spoon or longhandled spoon.nIn a second oldfashioned glass, add the absinthe, swirl to coat the inside of the glass, then discard the excess absinthe. Strain the bourbon mixture into the absintherinsed glass.nServe without ice, neat. Garnish with a lemon peel., ingredients: [1 sugar cube, 2 dashes Peychauds bitters, 2 ounces bourbon, 14 ounce absinthe, Lemon peel, for garnish], title: Classic Sazerac, picturelink: null}, 46816: {instructions: Spread 1 side of each slice of bread with butter set aside. In a small bowl, combine eggs, creme fraiche, and mint. Season with salt and pepper. Spread egg mixture 14inch thick on 2 slices bread. Top with sliced cucumber, and cover with the remaining slices of bread. Remove crusts, and cut each sandwich into 3 equal fingers., ingredients: [4 slices extra thin white bread, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 large hard boiled eggs, peeled and finely grated, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 12 bunch fresh mint, leaves picked and finely chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 English cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced lengthwise], title: Cucumber Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 46817: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nToss the shrimp in a medium bowl with 1 teaspoon of salt and red pepper flakes. Heat the 3 tablespoons oil in a heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp and saute for about a minute, toss, and continue cooking until just cooked through, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the shrimp to a large plate set aside. Add the onion to the same skillet, adding 1 to 2 teaspoons of olive oil to the pan, if necessary, and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices, wine, garlic, and oregano. Simmer until the sauce thickens slightly, about 10 minutes. Return the shrimp and any accumulated juices to the tomato mixture toss to coat, and cook for about a minute so the flavors meld together. Stir in the parsley and basil. Season with more salt, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined, 1 teaspoon salt, plus additional as needed, 1 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 14 teaspoon dried oregano leaves, 3 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 3 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Shrimp Fra Diavolo, picturelink: Ec.dkaqtUPGSclHDFpo.SZmYi4ErMaK}, 46818: {instructions: Peel back the husks from the corn and remove the silk. Butter the kernels and sprinkle with salt and smoked paprika. Fold the husks back over the corn and grill over low heat until cooked through, turning occasionally, 12 to 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Smoky Corn On the Cob, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 46819: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSqueeze the lemon juice over the avocado to prevent browning.nCover a bamboo rolling mat with plastic wrap. Cut nori sheets in half crosswise. Lay 1 sheet of nori, shiny side down, on the plastic covered mat. Wet your fingers with water and spread about 12 cup of the rice evenly onto the nori. Sprinkle the rice with sesame seeds. Turn the sheet of nori over so that the rice side is down. Place 18 of the cucumber, avocado and crab sticks in the center of the sheet. Grab the edge of the mat closest to you, keeping the fillings in place with your fingers, and roll it into a tight cylinder, using the mat to shape the cylinder. Pull away the mat and set aside. Cover with a damp cloth. Repeat until all of the rice has been used. Cut each roll into 6 pieces. Serve with pickled ginger, wasabi and soy sauce.nPlace the rice into a mixing bowl and cover with cool water. Swirl the rice in the water, pour off and repeat 2 to 3 times or until the water is clear.nPlace the rice and 2 cups of water into a medium saucepan and place over high heat. Bring to a boil, uncovered. Once it begins to boil, reduce the heat to the lowest setting and cover. Cook for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, for 10 minutes.nCombine the rice vinegar, sugar and salt in a small bowl and heat in the microwave on high for 30 to 45 seconds. Transfer the rice into a large wooden or glass mixing bowl and add the vinegar mixture. Fold thoroughly to combine and coat each grain of rice with the mixture. Allow to cool to room temperature before using to make sushi or sashimi.nYield: 4 cups, ingredients: [Juice of 12 lemon, 1 medium avocado, peeled, pitted, and sliced into 14inch thick pieces, 4 sheets nori, 12 batch sushi rice, recipe follows, 13 cup sesame seeds, toasted, 1 small cucumber, peeled, seeded, and cut into matchsticksize pieces, 4 crabsticks, torn into pieces, Pickled ginger, for serving, Wasabi, for serving, Soy sauce, for serving, 2 cups sushi or short grain rice, 2 cups water, plus extra for rinsing rice, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt], title: California Roll, picturelink: Ul7mDYwrkS7Atsk7qrhZb12NAIXh8S}, 46820: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the sugar and 13 cup water and place over medium heat. Bring the mixture to a boil, then cook the sugar until dissolved but the syrup is still clear. Do not cook the sugar until it starts to turn color. Remove from heat and cool.nIn a pitcher, combine the syrup, 8 cups water, the lemon juice, vodka and ice and stir to combine. Pour into tall glasses and enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 13 cup water, plus 8 cups, 4 lemons, juiced, Vodka, Ice cubes], title: Vodka Lemonade, picturelink: rMaR6a4XVEP8V3pgIXbR6xjnyn3HP5K}, 46821: {instructions: Combine lemon juice and cider in pot and bring to boil, then cool.nDissolve gelatin in water over very low heat. Add Cointreau and ciderlemon juices. Let cool.nCut apples most of the way through from top to bottom into six even segments, keeping them intact at apples base. The apple should open to resemble a flower. Place each apple in a small serving bowl, leaving 12inch clearance at top. Pour cooled cider mixture over apples and place in refrigerator to set.nIn a bowl, mash together cheese, eggs, brandy, sugar and orange rind. Whisk to get rid of lumps. Pour over set apple jelly and place back in refrigerator to set again. When firm, run heated knife around outer edge of jelly and invert bowl onto plate to serve., ingredients: [1 lemon, juiced, 2 34 cups apple cider, 2 12 ounce packets gelatin, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon Cointreau, 2 small apples, cored, 12inch cut off top, 12 ounces cream cheese, 1 12 eggs, 18 cup brandy, 14 cup sugar, 12 orange, zested], title: Appleandy, picturelink: null}, 46822: {instructions: To cook the dried beans, soak them overnight in plenty of water. Drain, put them in a pot, and cover them with fresh water by 1inch. Bring them to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer until they are tender, about 30 to 40 minutes.nPut the beans into the bowl of a food processor. Add the lemon juice, cumin, garlic, tahini paste, and salt and pepper, to taste. Turn the processor on and slowly pour in the olive oil. Process until smooth and thick., ingredients: [1 24ounce can cannellini beans or 12 pound dried cannellini beans, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 12 cup tahini paste, Salt and pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: White Bean Hummus, picturelink: UQB25gTnscZks9qkqYhqUVqjwqkGCry}, 46823: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine the milk, heavy cream, vinegar and salt. Place the pan over a medium heat and slowly bring the milk mixture to a simmer. Simmer the milk mixture for 1 to 2 minutes, you will see curds begin to form.nLine a mesh strainer with several layers of damp cheesecloth. Gently pour the curds and whey through into the strainer and let drain for 15 minutes. Gather the cheesecloth together and gently squeeze some of the excess liquid from the ricotta. Transfer the ricotta to a serving dish and drizzle with big fat finishing oil.nPreheat the grill or broiler.nWhile the ricotta is draining, slice the bread into 12inch thick slices. Toast the bread on the grill or in the broiler on both sides. Swipe the garlic 2 times on each piece of toast and drizzle each toast with big fat finishing oil.nServe the ricotta and grilled bread. The ricotta is best served a little warm., ingredients: [6 cups whole milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Big fat finishing oil, Rustic Italian bread, for serving, 1 clove garlic], title: Homemade Ricotta, picturelink: foyKhEwhNKOctFsM7Eu1W8R4stpRzZS}, 46824: {instructions: Halve each half avocado lengthwise and arrange quartered avocados on a platter. Heat lemon 10 seconds on high in microwave to get the juices flowing. Dress avocados with lemon juice, wrap with ham, then continue to dress with extra virgin olive oil, cilantro and salt and pepper, serve., ingredients: [3 ripe Haas avocados, halved, pitted and scooped from skin with spoon, The juice of 1 lemon, 14 pound thinly sliced Serrano ham, proscuitto may be substituted, Extra virgin olive oil, for drizzling, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Salt and pepper, to your taste], title: Dressed Up Avocados with Serrano Ham, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 46825: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh. Lay 8 wooden skewers in a baking dish and cover with cold water soak for 15 minutes you can skip this step if using metal skewers. Thread 4 shrimp onto two skewers for each serving. Season the shrimp with the dried oregano and some salt and pepper and drizzle with 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil. Grill the shrimp, turning occasionally, until pink in color and cooked through, about 5 minutes total.nWhile the shrimp are on the grill, in a medium bowl toss together the tomatoes, cucumbers, olives, olive oil, juice of half the lemon, and some salt and pepper. Let the salad marinate for 5 minutes. Cut the remaining lemon half into wedgesnOnce the shrimp come off the grill, brush both sides of the bread cheese slices with the remaining vegetable oil and grill just until softened, about 20 seconds per side.nServe the bread cheese while still warm with the vegetable salad, grilled shrimp, wedges of lemon, and a few drizzles of extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [16 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 1 pint cherry or Campari tomatoes, halved, 2 Kirby or 4 Persian cucumbers, thinly sliced, 1 cup assorted pitted olives, 2 tablespoons highquality extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 lemon, divided, One 10 to 12ounce block bread cheese, sliced into four pieces], title: Grilled Shrimp and Greek Bread Cheese, picturelink: null}, 46826: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash the oranges and lemon thoroughly. Cut the oranges into 18inch slices using a mandoline, removing the seeds as you go. Stack the orange slices and cut them into quarters. Place the oranges into an 8quart stainless steel pot. Add the lemon zest and juice and the water to the pot, set over high heat and bring to a boil, approximately 10 minutes. Once boiling, reduce the heat to maintain a rapid simmer and cook, stirring frequently, for 40 minutes or until the fruit is very soft.nWhile the fruit is cooking, fill a large pot at least 12quart 34 full with water, set over high heat and bring to a boil. Place 10 8ounce jars and rings, canning funnel, ladle, and tongs into the boiling water and make sure the water covers the jars by at least an inch. Boil for 10 minutes. Turn off the heat, add the lids and leave everything in the pot until the marmalade is ready.nMeanwhile, place a small plate in the freezer. Increase the heat under the orange mixture to return to full boil. Add the sugar and stir the mixture continually, until it reaches 222 to 223 degrees F on a deepfry or candy thermometer, and darkens in color, approximately 15 to 20 minutes. You may need to adjust the heat in order to prevent boil over. Test the readiness of the marmalade by placing a teaspoon of the mixture onto the chilled plate and allowing it to sit for 30 seconds. Tilt the plate. The mixture should be a soft gel that moves slightly. If mixture is thin and runs easily, it is not ready.nRemove jars from the water and drain on a clean towel. Place a canning funnel onto the top of 1 of the jars and ladle in the marmalade just to below the bottom of the threads of the jar. Repeat until all of the mixture has been used. The amount of marmalade may vary by 1 to 2 jars. Wipe the rims and threads of the jars with a moist paper towel and top each with a lid. Place a ring on each jar and tighten.nReturn the jars to the pot with boiling water, being certain that they dont touch the bottom of the pot or each other. If you dont have a jar rack, try a round cake rack, or metal mesh basket. Even a folded kitchen towel on the pot bottom will do in a pinch. Add additional water if necessary to cover the jars by at least an inch. Boil for 10 minutes. Using canning tongs, carefully remove the jars from the water, place in a cool dry place and allow to sit at room temperature for at least 24 hours before opening. Once open, store in the refrigerator. Unopened marmalade will last for up to 6 months., ingredients: [1 34 pounds oranges, 4 to 5 medium, 1 lemon, zest finely grated and juiced, 6 cups water, 3 pounds plus 12 ounces sugar, Special Equipment: 10 8ounce canning jars with rings and lids, funnel, tongs, ladle, and 12quart pot], title: Orange Marmalade, picturelink: 9Z4e8BHtWF.7ESBjPw3Fwub5MhjgP8i}, 46827: {instructions: Remove the head, collar, and tail and reserve for stock. Using the line down the middle of the fish as your guide, cut with your knife and run down the line and remove the flesh from both sides. While filleting, press your knife down against the bones so you get as much flesh as you can. Repeat with the other side. Flip the fish over and repeat, removing the last 2 sides from the bone. Using a spoon, scrape the bones and reserve this meat for the mousse or quenelles. Chop and reserve the bones for stock. Skin each side, remove any bloodlines and portion into desired sizes., ingredients: [1 whole halibut], title: Filleting Whole Halibut, picturelink: null}, 46828: {instructions: Heat a large heavy saucepan. Add the oil, butter, and chopped onions. When onions turn slightly brown, deglaze with port wine. Add thyme, chestnuts, chicken stock, and a little salt and pepper. Cover and cook until chestnuts are tender and the chestnuts have absorbed most of the liquid.nServe as whole braised chestnuts or pass through a ricer and make a wonderful chestnut puree., ingredients: [2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup onion, finely chopped, 1 cup Port wine, Thyme leaves, chopped, 2 pounds chestnuts, 3 cups chicken stock, Salt and pepper], title: Braised Chestnuts, picturelink: null}, 46829: {instructions: Special equipment: 10inch round cake pannPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease the sides and bottom of a 10inch round cake pan with butter.nFor the filling: In a bowl, add the brown sugar, pecans, diced apple, lemon zest, cinnamon, nutmeg, cardamom and a pinch of salt. Stir until combined.nIn a small pot, melt the 2 tablespoons butter with a pinch of salt. Lightly dust a clean work surface with flour. Flatten the puff pastry and roll with a rolling pin to even out and seal the perforations, if any. Brush the butter all over the puff pastry, leaving a 1inch border at one of the shorter ends. Sprinkle the applecinnamon mixture evenly over the pastry sheet, being careful to leave that 1inch border. Starting from the end furthest from the edge without any filling, begin to tightly roll the pastry. Tuck and press as you go, keeping the log as even as possible. When the edge is reached, roll the pastry onto itself and press firmly, even pinching, to seal. Using a serrated knife, trim the edges and gently cut 6 equal slices from each log. Repeat with the second puff pastry sheet to make 12 pieces total.nPlace the slices spiral side up in the prepared cake pan. Start around the edges and fill in the center. Bake until the pastry is cooked through and golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes.nMeanwhile, for the glaze: In a small pot, add the butter and melt over low heat. Add the vanilla extract and lemon juice and begin whisking in the powdered sugar in 14 cup increments. Continue adding and whisking between additions until the glaze thickens. Season with a pinch of salt, then remove from the heat.nRemove the buns from the oven and pour the glaze over the top. Let rest about 5 minutes before serving. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, plus more for greasing pan, 34 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 honeycrisp or Fuji apple, peeled, cored and diced, 1 lemon, zested, 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg 8 scrapes on a fine grater, 18 teaspoon ground cardamom, Generous pinch of salt, Pinch of salt, Flour, for dusting, 2 puff pastry sheets, thawed, 1 12 tablespoons butter, melted, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 34 to 1 cup powdered sugar, Pinch of salt], title: Sunnys Easy Glazed Cinnamon Buns, picturelink: PWxr2PdfMg5KiozL9Y4JF98MvEQUqS}, 46830: {instructions: Spread the wings in a single layer on wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet and season liberally with salt and pepper. Refrigerate at least 1 hour, or preferably overnight.nHeat 2 inches of oil in a large, heavybottomed pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 275 degrees F. Working in 2 batches, fry the wings, tossing occasionally, until pale brown and cooked through, about 20 minutes per batch. To test for doneness, lift a wing from the oil and pierce with a paring knife. If there is no resistance they are done. Transfer the wings with a slotted spoon to a clean rack set over a baking sheet and let cool for at least 30 minutes. Make sure the oil returns to the proper temperature between batches.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the garlic, onion and chile and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and lightly golden, about 12 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring until lightly caramelized, about 2 minutes. Stir in the peanut butter and bay leaf, then pour in the broth. Bring the mixture to a simmer then cook, stirring often, until it is thickened and slightly reduced, about 8 minutes. Remove the sauce from the heat, discard the bay leaf and stir in the fish sauce. Finely grate the zest of 1 lime into the sauce, then add its juice. Season the sauce with salt and pepper, then pour it into a blender and puree until very smooth. Transfer the sauce to a small saucepan and keep warm.nIncrease the temperature of the frying oil to 425 degrees F. Working in 3 batches, fry the wings again until the skin is golden brown and very crisp, about 3 minutes per batch. Transfer the wings to a large bowl and season each batch with salt while hot. Make sure the oil returns to the proper temperature between batches.nPour twothirds of the reserved peanut sauce over the wings and toss to coat evenly. Transfer the wings to a platter and sprinkle with the peanuts. Finely grate the zest of another lime over the wings then cut the remaining limes into wedges. Serve the wings immediately with lime wedges, sliced mango and extra peanut sauce on the side., ingredients: [4 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, wingtips removed and discarded, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 6 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 1 medium yellow onion, roughly chopped, 1 habanero or Scotch bonnet chile, stemmed, seeded and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 13 cup natural smooth peanut butter, 1 bay leaf, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 3 limes, 14 cup finely chopped roasted, salted peanuts, for serving, 2 ripe mangos, peeled, pitted and thinly sliced. for serving], title: West African Spicy Peanut Chicken Wings, picturelink: WO7UVRcsv1cX94769xc51PRgrRWYhh.}, 46831: {instructions: To make sponge cake: Place the eggs and sugar into a bowl standing over hot water and whisk until the mixture is pale and thickened about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk for 2 minutes more. Fold in the sifted flour and add the salt. Pour into an 8inch cake tin which has been greased, sugared and floured. Bake in a 375 degree oven for 25 minutes. Cool on a cake rack.nTo make pastry cream: Heat milk until boiling. Mix the egg yolks with the sugar and when well combined add the flour. Whisk until smooth and then gradually add the hot milk. Place the pastry cream back into the saucepan over a gentle heat and whisk until cream comes to a boil and thickens. Flavor with almond extract and then lower heat and allow to cook 10 minutes. Remove from heat and cool placing a piece of buttered waxed paper over the surface to prevent a skin from forming.nTo make meringue: Beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. Flavor with almond extract and then fold in the sugar. This mixture should be very thick.nTo garnish: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. Cut cake into 3 layers. Soak bottom and middle layer with creme de cacao. Spread the bottom and middle layers of the cake with the cooled pastry cream and sprinkle with the almond slivers. Reform the cake and place onto a large round oven dish. Spread cake with a thin layer of meringue. Fill a large piping bag with a rose shaped tip and pipe meringue in vertical loops around the sides and on top of the cake. Dust cake with sifted confectioners sugar and place into oven for 3 minutes to lightly brown., ingredients: [4 eggs, 12 cup superfine sugar, 1 cup flour, sifted, Pinch salt, 3 34 cups milk, 6 egg yolks, 34 cup superfine sugar, 34 cup flour, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 6 egg whites, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 2 cups sugar, 4 tablespoons Creme de Cacao, 4 tablespoons almond slivers, Confectioners sugar for dusting, sifted], title: Frogmill Meringue Gateau, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 46832: {instructions: HEAT panini grill.nCOMBINE peaches and salsa.nFILL bread slices with cheese, turkey and peach mixture to make 4 sandwiches. Brush outsides of sandwiches with oil.nGRILL 5 min. or until golden brown.nSpecial Extra: Stir 2 Tbsp. chopped cilantro into peach mixture before adding to sandwich filling.nSubstitute: Prepare using finely chopped fresh peaches.nUse Your Stove Top: If you dont have a panini grill, cook sandwiches in nonstick skillet on medium heat 3 min. on each side or until golden brown on both sides., ingredients: [14 cup drained canned sliced peaches packed in lite syrup, finely chopped, 14 cup TACO BELLu00ae HOME ORIGINALSu00ae Thick N Chunky Salsa, 8 slices sesame semolina bread, 4 KRAFT DELI DELUXE Process Jalapeno American Cheese Slices, 12 slices OSCAR MAYER Oven Roasted Turkey Breast, 4 tsp. olive oil], title: Peachy Keen Panini, picturelink: null}, 46833: {instructions: Using a fork, prick holes in each potato. Place the potatoes in a microwave safe dish and heat on high for 15 minutes until tender. Use oven mitts to remove cooked potatoes from microwave and set aside for 2 minutes or until cool enough to handle.nUsing a knife slice lengthwise on the top of each potato. At the same time push each end of the potato inward causing the top to break open and potato to fluff up. Repeat with remaining potatoes.nTop each potato with Cheddar, red pepper, carrots, bacon and chives., ingredients: [4 russet potatoes, 14 cup shredded Cheddar, 14 cup chopped roasted red peppers, 14 cup chopped canned carrots, 14 cup crumbled bacon, 14 cup chopped chives], title: Potato Bombs, picturelink: 5L.wuzRREstnvN4raIBdhbT2R9033Ze}, 46834: {instructions: Preheat a broiler.nIn a large bowl, mix together the cheese, milk, salt, pepper and eggs. Stir in the cooked pasta, peas and spinach.nIn an ovenproof 10inch nonstick skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over medium heat. Add the egg mixture. Using a flat spatula, gently press on the vegetables and pasta to form an even layer. Cook until the underside is golden brown, about 8 minutes. Place a plate, slightly larger than the skillet, over the pan. Using an oven mitt, invert the pan and place the pizza on the plate. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in the pan. Slide the pizza back into the pan and cook for 5 minutes.nIn a small saucepan, stir the tomatobasil sauce over medium heat until warmed through, about 1 minute.nTransfer to a serving platter and cut into wedges.nServe the tomatobasil sauce alongside or as a dipping sauce., ingredients: [34 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, beaten, 2 cups cooked rotelle pasta, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 1 packed cup spinach, finely chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups tomatobasil sauce, such as Giada De Laurentiis for Target Sauce], title: Pizza di Rotelle, picturelink: null}, 46835: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large pot, melt the butter with the oil over medium heat. Add in the red onion, garlic, and green chile and saute until tender, approximately 2 minutes. Sprinkle over the curry powder and all of the flour, stirring to create a roux. Whisk to remove the lumps, and cook the flour for approximately 1 minute.nSlowly pour in the milk while whisking to create a curried creamy sauce over low heat.nBring the sauce to a simmer, and continue whisking for 2 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat, discard the green chile, and add 2 cups grated Provolone, and stir until smooth.nAdd the cooked macaroni to the curry sauce, mix until evenly coated, and season with salt. Transfer the macaroni mixture to a 9 by 9inch baking dish. Sprinkle the top with 14 cup bread crumbs and 14 cup cheese.nArrange the asparagus in a line over the macaroni. Sprinkle the remaining 14 cup bread crumbs and cheese over the asparagus, and bake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the top is golden brown., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 12 red onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 green chile, split lengthwise, optional, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 5 cups 2 percent lowfat milk, 2 12 cups Provolone or any other mild cheese, grated, 1 14 pounds elbow macaroni pasta, prepared according to package instructions, 12 cup bread crumbs, Bunch asparagus, trimmed, Kosher salt], title: Curried Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 46836: {instructions: Spread some peanut butter on the top few inches of pretzel rods. Roll in chopped peanuts andor dried fruit., ingredients: [], title: Nutty Pretzel Wands, picturelink: AxIWz.AoSvh02l.cZqnzWFzScEO6lSO}, 46837: {instructions: Combine the farro and water or stock in a medium saucepot. Bring to a simmer and cook until tender, 20 to 30 minutes, and then drain. Transfer to a bowl, season with salt and pepper and let cool.nRemove and discard the ribs from the kale, then chiffonade the leaves finely and place in a bowl. Add the pomegranate seeds, olive oil, garlic and lemon juice and mix thoroughly. Stir in the farro and season the salad with salt and pepper. Divide among 4 deep plates or bowls and garnish with the shaved goat cheese., ingredients: [12 cup farro, 1 12 cups water or vegetable stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch Tuscan kale, 14 cup fresh pomegranate seeds, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, Juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup aged goat cheese, shaved, or Parmesan], title: Kale and Farro Salad with Aged Goat Cheese, picturelink: pWYttaDyI4yRyxNA4bFss1puuy2CBQK}, 46838: {instructions: Place milk, Carnationu00ae Breakfast Essentialsu2122 Drink, and banana in blender. While its blending, add frozen orange juice, honey and ice. Blend until smooth. Makes 1 large smoothie or 2 if you feel like sharing, ingredients: [1 packet Classic French Vanilla Flavor Carnationu00ae Breakfast Essentialsu2122 Complete Nutritional Drink, 1 cup skim milk, 1 banana, 1 to 2 tablespoons frozen concentrated orange juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 3 to 4 ice cubes], title: Sunrise Surprise Smoothie, picturelink: QUSCzqsDsAoAxtjiriMEtVT5oAtH0gm}, 46839: {instructions: In a medium skillet over medium heat, cook the garlic in 3 tablespoons of the olive oil until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add the onion, scallions, celery and peppers and cook until soft, about 5 more minutes. Add the wine and simmer for 1 minute, then remove the pan from the heat. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl. Add the crabmeat and mix well. Add the bread crumbs, Parmesan, lemon juice, eggs, parsley, mustard, seasoning, salt, and pepper, and mix well. Line a cookie sheet with waxed paper. Divide the crab mixture into 6 patties.nIn a large skillet, heat the remaining olive oil and cook the crab cakes until fully cooked and lightly browned, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Serve 2 crab cakes per hamburger bun, with tomato slices, lettuce, lemon wedges, and Remoulade sauce on the side.nIn a medium bowl, combine all the ingredients and mix well. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. It is best to refrigerate for several hours to allow the flavors to marry., ingredients: [4 large garlic cloves, minced, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup diced onion, 13 cup diced scallions, 12 cup diced celery, 2 tablespoons diced green bell pepper, 2 tablespoons diced red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons white wine, 1 pound lump crabmeat, drained, 12 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay Seasoning, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 hamburger buns, Tomato, sliced for garnish, Lettuce, for garnish, 1 lemon, cut into wedges for garnish, 2 cups Remoulade sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons green sweet relish, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons capers, 1 tablespoon anchovy paste, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grandmas Old Fashioned Crab Cake Roll, picturelink: null}, 46840: {instructions: Warm a little macadamia nut oil in a nonstick frying pan just enough to cover the bottom.nSalt and pepper the scampi. When the oil is heated, saute the scampi quickly and uniformly, 2 to 3 minutes will suffice, just to cook through and until they curl slightly and turn red. The scampi must remain crispy. Set aside.nChop the olives finely with the capers and 3 leaves of the basil. Set aside.nIn the center of the plate, arrange the olive mixture. Place 2 pieces of scampi, and several small pieces of nicoise olives on top, and garnish with a bouquet of fresh basil., ingredients: [Macadamia nut oil, 8 scampi, shelled, Salt and pepper, 15 nicoise olives, pitted, plus 6 more pitted olives, quartered, 5 capers, 4 bunches fresh basil], title: Sauteed Scampi in Macadamia Nut Oil, picturelink: null}, 46841: {instructions: Sweet Tart Shells: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCream the butter and sugar in a mixer. Add the yolks, then flour, then heavy cream until just incorporated. Remove from the mixer and wrap in plastic wrap and let rest refrigerated over night.nRoll out the dough on a lightly floured work surface to 14inch thick. Use a round cutter to cut the dough to fit miniature tart molds that are 1 12 inches wide. Grease the molds with cooking spray and line the dough in the mold. Place on a sheet tray and bake in oven until golden.nPassion Fruit Mousse: Place the passion fruit puree, butter and eggs into a stainless steel saucepan over medium heat. Use a wooden spoon to stir until the mixture becomes slightly thick. Be careful not to scramble the eggs. Make sure to stir along the edges of the saucepan. Remove from the heat and add the soaked gelatin sheets. Strain the mixture into a stainless steel bowl and let cool. Whip the heavy cream until soft peaks form and fold into the cooled passion fruit mixture. Place mousse into a piping bag fitted with a small fluted tip and pipe into tart shells. You can decorate with fresh mint leaves or small pieces of colorful fruit. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pound 4 ounces sweet butter, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 4 egg yolks, 6 34 cups flour, 2 ounces heavy cream, 3 12 ounces passion fruit puree, 5 12 ounces sweet butter, 4 eggs, 2 gelatin sheets, soaked in cold water, 2 34 cups heavy cream], title: Passion Fruit Tarts, picturelink: null}, 46842: {instructions: Line an 8inchsquare baking pan with foil, pressing it into the corners and up the sides leave an overhang on 2 sides. Brush the foil with butter.nCombine 34 cup condensed milk, the chocolate chips and a pinch of salt in a medium saucepan. Combine the remaining condensed milk, the peanut butter chips and a pinch of salt in a separate saucepan. Put both pans over low heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the chips are melted and smooth.nSpoon the chocolate mixture into the prepared pan, leaving spaces between the spoonfuls. Spoon the peanut butter mixture into the gaps. Brush an 8inch square of parchment paper with butter and lay it directly on top of the fudge press to flatten evenly and fill any gaps. Refrigerate until firm, about 45 minutes. Lift the foil to remove the fudge from the pan and cut into 1inch squares. Store up to 1 week in an airtight container.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, softened, for brushing, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 2 cups bittersweet chocolate chips, 2 pinches salt, 2 cups peanut butter chips], title: ChocolatePeanut Butter Fudge, picturelink: vSUJFeb2j8FAJRySPJFPUCYXhtRiMy}, 46843: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the cream, halfandhalf, horseradish, nutmeg, garlic and onion in a medium saucepan and slowly bring the mixture to a simmer. Be sure to stir on occasion to prevent scorching. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a 9by13inch baking dish, spoon a thin layer of the cream and onion mixture onto the bottom. Layer the potatoes, followed by a sprinkle of cheese. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Repeat this process until the dish is filled and the gratin is moist. Combine the breadcrumbs and thyme and sprinkle on top.nBake until the potatoes are tender and the gratin is caramelized on top and bubbly on the edges, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Allow to cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup grated fresh horseradish, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 1 Vidalia or other sweet onion, sliced as thin as possible, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, sliced 18 inch thick best to do when ready to assemble, 2 cups grated Gruyere cheese, 1 cup coarse breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme], title: Yukon Gold Potato Gratin with Horseradish, Gruyere and Sweet Onion, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 46844: {instructions: In a bowl combine flour and baking soda. Whisk in 1 cup water. Stir in garlic, bell pepper, scallions, Tabasco, Worcestershire sauce, salt and the shrimp, stirring until well combined. Cover bowl and let batter stand for 1 hour.nIn a bowl stir together the mayonnaise, mustard, lemon juice, parsley, cilantro, jalapeno, and red onion. Season with salt, cayenne andor Tabasco. Chill for service.nIn a deep heavy pan or deep fryer heat 3 inches of oil to 325 F. Drop spoonfuls of batter into oil and fry the beignets, turning them once, until golden. Transfer the beignets to a paper towellined sheet pan to drain. Season with salt. Continue frying remaining batter in same manner. Serve the beignets warm with the tartar sauce and lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup water, 1 clove garlic, minced, 13 cup minced red bell pepper, 12 cup finely chopped scallions, Tabasco, to taste, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 pound cooked, shelled and chopped crayfish tails, or shrimp may be substituted, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 24 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons minced parsley, 3 tablespoons minced cilantro, 2 tablespoons minced pickled jalapeno, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, Salt, Cayenne pepper or Tabasco, to taste, Lemon wedges, Vegetable oil for frying], title: Crayfish Beignets with Tartar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 46845: {instructions: In a large bowl stir together the oil, herbs, zest, salt, and pepper. Add the prawns, and toss them to coat them well.nLet the prawns marinate, covered and chilled, for 1 hour. Stir in the lemon juice, let the mixture stand at room temperature for 30 minutes, and drain the prawns in a sieve.nGrill the herbcoated prawns on a rack set about 4 inches over glowing coals for 3 minutes on each side, or until they are cooked through. Alternatively, the prawns may be broiled on the rack of a broiler pan under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 4 minutes on each side. Divide the prawns among 8 plates and serve with lemon wedges and the bearnaise sauce.nBearnaise Sauce:n12 cup red wine vinegarn2 teaspoons dried tarragonn1 shallot, mincedn14 cup watern4 large egg yolksn8 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 stick, chilled and cut into small piecesnKosher saltnLemon juicenCombine the vinegar, tarragon, and shallot in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until almost evaporated. Remove from the heat and add the water.nTransfer the tarragon mixture to a small metal bowl and whisk together with the egg yolks. Place the bowl over a saucepan of boiling water the water should not touch the bottom of the bowl and whisk constantly until the mixture forms thick ribbons.nWhile whisking constantly, add the butter, little by little, waiting for each addition to be incorporated before adding any more, until a smooth sauce is formed. You may need to remove the bowl from the water, from time to time, if the sauce gets too hot.nWhisk in salt and lemon juice, to taste. Add water to adjust consistency, if desired.nYield: about 1 12 cups, ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, crumbled, 1 tablespoon dried mint, crumbled, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 24 prawns or jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Lemon wedges, for garnish, Bearnaise Sauce, recipe follows], title: Grilled Lemon Prawns with Bearnaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 46846: {instructions: Special equipment: French coffee press and a handpump milk frothernRemove the plunger from the coffee press and put the coffee in the bottom. Pour in the water, leaving about 1 inch of space at the top and stir with a small wooden spoon. Rest the plunger on top of the glass pot and let the coffee steep for about 4 to 6 minutes. Meanwhile, pour the hot milk into the frother, insert the plunger, and pump until the milk is frothy. Using slight pressure, slowly push the plunger down on the coffee press. Divide the coffee among cups and spoon over the frothed milk. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coarseground French roast coffee for every 34 cup hot water used, Hot milk, preferably 2 percent, as needed], title: Perfect French Pressed Coffee with Frothed Milk, picturelink: null}, 46847: {instructions: Fill 2 lowball glasses with ice. Divide the ingredients evenly among the glasses, stir to combine, and serve., ingredients: [Ice, 4 ounces golden rum recommended: Mount Gay, 1 9ounce bottle grapefruit soda recommended: Ting, 12 lime, juiced], title: This Rum Ting, picturelink: PkNssU45SAwQnBtM6GEcLgqYYAzLlby}, 46848: {instructions: Soak chicken breasts for at least 10 minutes in cold water to which 1 tablespoon granulated garlic has been added.nMix together the flour, cayenne pepper, seasoned salt, regular salt, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic and Accent in a paper bag. Add the breasts, 1 at a time, and shake each thoroughly to coat.nHeat cooking oil to approximately 315 degrees F in a deep fryer. Fry breasts approximately 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown and cooked through. Drain on paper towels and serve., ingredients: [4 chicken breasts, skin on, bone in, 1 gallon cold water, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 tablespoons seasoned salt, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 tablespoons Accent flavor enhancer, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying], title: Strawns Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 46849: {instructions: First cook your pasta until al dente, then chill. Mix together the cream, eggs , sugar and nutmeg. Mix together the cooked chilled pasta and all the wet indigents. Add the chocolate chips and dried cranberries, mix and add into a well greased terrine mold. Bake in a water bath for about one hour until firm at 325 degrees. Chill, slice and serve with chocolate sauce, ingredients: [2 12 cups cooked pasta, 14 cup chocolate chips, 14 cup dried cranberries, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 ounces brown sugar, 12 tablespoons nutmeg, 4 eggs], title: Chocolate Macaroni Terrine with Dried Cranberries and Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 46850: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the Mojo Sauce: Put the garlic, chilies, cilantro, lime juice, orange juice, and olive oil into a blender and process until smooth. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nTo make the burritos: Warm the tortillas for 30 seconds in a dry skillet or on the grill until pliable. Place some chicken down the center of a tortilla and top with rice and beans, avocado, grated cheese, and Mojo Sauce. Roll up the burrito and serve topped with a generous drizzle of sour cream garnish with cilantro leaves and a squeeze of lime juice.nPut all the ingredients into a heavy bottomed pot, stir well, and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover, and cook over low heat until the rice has absorbed the water, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered, for 5 minutes. Discard the garlic and bay leaf, fluff with a fork, and serve.nYield: 8 servingsnQuick soak the beans: Put beans in a pot and cover with water by 2 inches. Bring to a boil and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from heat, cover, and let soak for 1 hour. Drain the beans.nIn the same pot, heat the olive oil. Add the onion, jalapeno pepper, garlic, and bay leaf and cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the beans and cover with water by about 1 inch. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, cover, and simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours, or until the beans are tender. Remove the bay leaf and discard. Taste the beans and season them with salt and pepper.nYield: 8 servings, ingredients: [4 garlic cloves, 2 serrano chilies, seeds removed, 1 large handful fresh cilantro leaves, Juice 2 limes, Juice 1 orange, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 large flour tortillas, 1 3 to 4 pound whole roasted chicken, shredded, Yellow Rice, recipe follows, Spicy Black Beans, recipe follows, 2 avocados chopped, 1 cup grated queso blanco or Monterey jack cheese, Sour cream, for garnish, Cilantro leaves, for garnish, Lime wedges, for garnish, 2 cups longgrain rice, 4 cups water, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 bay leaf, 2 cups about 1 pound dried black beans, picked over and rinsed, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Easy Chicken Burritos with Mojo, picturelink: N0KU6WYlVi4UhTIUokIAWzJpqERJCpe}, 46851: {instructions: Mold beef, onion, seasonings, cracker crumbs, milk, egg and tomato soup into a loaf shape. Place in a pan and over the top pour the catsup, brown sugar, nutmeg, dry mustard mixed with a little water. Bake 1 hour in a preheated 350 degree oven., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, Onion, to taste, Salt, pepper, savory salt, 1 cup cracker crumbs, 1 cup milk, 1 egg slightly beaten, 14 cup tomato soup optional, 14 cup catsup or ketchup, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, Little water], title: Branding Crew Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 46852: {instructions: For the stock: Start with the stock by peeling and deheading the shrimp. In a 5 to 6 quart pot add a tablespoon of oil, and when hot cook the shrimp peels and heads until slightly toasted. Add the live crabs and cover the pot to steam for 5 minutes. Add the rest of the stock ingredients except the water and sweat the vegetables. Add half the quantity of water and boil for half an hour. Add the remaining half of the water, bring to a boil, and then lower heat and keep on a low boil for 1 12 hours.nFor the roux: While the stock is boiling, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn an ovenproof saucepan make the roux by heating up the oil, add the chicken and brown, then remove and place in a baking dish in the preheated oven. Add the flour to the hot oil in the saucepan being careful that the oil isnt too hot or the mixture will boil over. Cook this until it begins to get lighter in color, then put in the oven, stirring a few times until it turns mahogany brown.nFor the gumbo: While the stock is boiling and the roux is in the oven, start the gumbo. In a large pot add 12 cup oil and sausage and render the sausage a few minutes to extract the flavor and grease from them. Add the vegetables and set over medium heat, stirring occasionally.nIn a small bowl mix the seasonings and add to the gumbo pot when the onions have turned transparent. Stir to release the flavorful oils, then add the tomato paste.nTake the chicken out of the oven and let cool. Take the roux out of the oven and cool slightly before adding to the gumbo pot. Strain the stock.nTo the gumbo pot, add the roux and mix well. Add the diced tomatoes and half the stock and scrape the bottom of the pot well. Bring to a boil over medium heat and add more stock, as needed. After about 30 minutes, taste and correct seasonings, adding salt as needed.nPull the chicken meat from the bones and chop to desired size. Saute the shrimp and any other fish you want and add to the gumbo with the okra. After simmering a few minutes the gumbo is ready serve  however it will taste better after resting several hours or until the next day., ingredients: [1 pound shrimp, heads on, 1 tablespoon oil, 3 medium blue crabs, live, 2 bay leaves, 1 head garlic, cut in 12, 1 medium onion, 2 ribs celery, 1 carrot, 2 tablespoons crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 gallon water, 1 cup peanut oil, 4 chicken legs and thighs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup oil, 1 pound andouille or smoked sausage, 2 large onions, chopped, 5 to 6 ribs celery, chopped, 3 to 4 carrots, peeled and chopped, 1 large green pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 14ounce can diced or stewed tomatoes, 1 pound cut okra, frozen], title: Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 46853: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBegin by seasoning the burgers with salt and pepper. Heat a saute pan over medium heat until hot. Sear off the burger patties to medium rare, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer the patties to a sheet pan and cool to room temperature.nAssemble the sandwiches with the Swiss cheese and Cheddar slices divided among half of the bread slices and the Caramelized Onions and beef patties divided among the other half of the slices. Combine 1 slice of each kind to create a sandwich.nHeat a 12inch skillet to medium and melt 4 tablespoons 2 ounces of the butter into the pan per sandwich. Add in a sandwich and press with a steak weight or another pan to press all the ingredients together and warm and melt the cheese. Flip the sandwich and repeat until golden brown and the cheeses are melting. Repeat with each sandwich until complete.nCut in half and serve with salad or French fries.nMelt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add onions and toss to coat with butter. Cover and slowly cook onions, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until a golden Color is reached. Turn heat up to medium high and begin to brown the onions, stirring constantly about 10 more minutes. Season with salt and peppernRecipe Courtesy of Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [Four 5ounce burger patties using 8020 beef blend, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 4 slices Cheddar, 8 slices seedless rye bread, 1 cup Caramelized Onions, recipe follows, or your favorite recipe, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons butter, Pinch of Sugar, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, Salt and Pepper], title: Empire Diner Patty Melt, picturelink: 9Xqz542kwC5sAY7PxEl0O2W3.WXDhS}, 46854: {instructions: Cook the green beans in the microwave according to package instructionsnHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes, a generous pinch of salt and pepper and saute for 2 minutes. Add the green beans, toss to coat them in the oil and saute another 2 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 12ounce bag green beans recommended: Birds Eye Steamfresh, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Italian Green Beans, picturelink: a1CrBnX4BFM9Dlij2KcTy47kJW2nHy}, 46855: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Spread coconut on nongreased cookie sheet. Toast in oven, stirring occasionally, until it turns light golden, about 25 minutes.n2. Remove coconut from cookie sheet and set aside.n3. Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees. In large bowl, add butter and sugar and whip until light and fluffy beat in egg and vanilla.n4. In medium bowl, combine flour and salt. Blend into creamed mixture.n5. Form dough into 114inch balls. Roll heavily into toasted coconut.n6. Place coconut cookies 2 inches apart on lightly greased cookie sheets. Make indentation with thumb in center of each cookie. Bake 12 to 14 minutes or until golden brown.n7. Remove cookies and cool completely. Fill indentations with MMSu00ae Brand Speckled Milk Chocolate Eggs., ingredients: [1 cup flaked coconut, 34 cup butter, softened, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups MMSu00ae Brand Speckled Milk Chocolate Eggs], title: Birds Nest Cookies, picturelink: null}, 46856: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason pork ribs with plenty of salt and pepper. Heat a heavybottomed roasting pan over high heat and drizzle with oil. Sear ribs on both sides until golden brown for a few minutes per side. Pile both racks of ribs on 1 side of the roasting pan. On the other side, place collard greens, then onion and garlic on top. Pour in the apple juice and cider vinegar, add thyme, then cover with foil, place in the oven and braise for 1 hour 30 minutes to 2 hours.nWhen done, remove foil, baste the meat with the pan juices, then cook uncovered for a further 20 minutes until the meat has a nice caramelization and the liquid reduces, forming a sticky glaze on the meat. Place the collard greens and braising liquid on a serving platter and top with the ribs. Serve ribs over collard greens with braising liquid and pureed sweet potatoesnWhipped Sweet Potatoes:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPrick the sweet potatoes all over with a fork, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Put them in a roasting pan and roast for 45 minutes until they are very soft. Remove the pan from the oven.nIn a small sauce pot, over low heat, heat the cream with the bay leaves, then keep warm until ready to puree potatoes. Discard the bay leaves before adding to potatoes.nWhen the potatoes are cool enough to handle, scoop the flesh into the bowl of a food processor. Season with salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, orange zest, and brown sugar. Add cream and 1 tablespoon of butter and puree until super smooth.nYield: 10 to 12 servings, ingredients: [2 slabs 4 pounds baby back ribs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 bunches young collard greens, washed and rib removed, 1 onion, peeled and sliced, 14inch thick, 1 head garlic, cut through the equator, 12 gallon apple juice, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 bunch thyme, Whipped Sweet Potatoes, recipe follows, 4 large sweet potatoes, scrubbed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 12 orange, zested, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Baby Back Ribs and Young Collards Braised in Apple Juice, picturelink: E17EXaQP3vM32q58Iisf8eq9neZtcxG}, 46857: {instructions: Peel the oranges, removing the white membrane, and cut into sections. Wash the radishes and cut into fine slices. Julienne the olives.nOn a salad platter, make a mound in the center with the julienned olives, reserving a few. Arrange the orange sections alternately with the radish slices. In a bowl whisk together the oil, lemon juice, cumin and salt. Drizzle dressing over salad, garnish with remaining olives and serve immediately., ingredients: [5 large oranges, 4 large red radishes, 4 ounces pitted black Spanish olives, 8 tablespoons Spanish extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Pinch of ground cumin, Pinch of salt], title: Orange Radish Salad, picturelink: null}, 46858: {instructions: Separately cut kumquats and shallot crosswise into thin slices, discarding any kumquat seeds. Season chicken with salt and pepper. In a skillet heat butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and saute chicken, skin sides down, until skin is golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Turn chicken over and cook over moderate heat until just cooked through, about 5 minutes more. Transfer chicken to a plate and keep warm, covered.nAdd shallot to fat remaining in skillet and cook, stirring frequently, 1 minute. Sprinkle sugar over shallot and cook, undisturbed, until sugar is melted and golden. Immediately stir in kumquats, water, vinegar, and red pepper flakes and simmer, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Stir in parsley and salt to taste and, if sauce is too liquid, simmer until thickened to desired consistency, about 1 minute.nTransfer two thirds sauce to a small bowl and to remainder add spinach and salt to taste, turning with tongs until just wilted.nDivide spinach between 2 plates and top with chicken. Spoon sauce over chicken., ingredients: [3 kumquats, 1 large shallot, 2 boneless chicken breast halves with skin, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 13 cup water, 3 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 18teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 4 cups packed spinach leaves about 1 bunch], title: Sauteed Chicken Over Wilted Spinach with Kumquat Sauce, picturelink: null}, 46859: {instructions: Heat 1 teaspoon of the oil in a large soup pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. When the oil shimmers, add the bison and cook until browned, taking care not to break the meat into very small pieces, about 10 minutes. Transfer the bison to a plate using a slotted spoon and set aside. Drain the liquid in the bottom of the pot and discard. Keep the pot over mediumhigh heat and add the remaining 1 teaspoon oil, the poblano peppers and onions. Cook until softened and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the chili powder, coriander, cumin, salt, cayenne pepper and garlic. Cook and stir until the spices are fragrant and toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes with the juices, and bring to a simmer while scraping any browned bits off the bottom of the pan, about 2 minutes. Return the bison to the pot and add the black beans, kidney beans, hominy and 4 cups water. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat, cover and simmer until thickened, about 45 minutes. Season with salt. Serve with the sour cream, cheese, cilantro, onions, lime and avocados, if desired. Per serving optional garnishes not included: Calories 494 Total Fat 15.5 grams Saturated Fat 5 grams Protein 43 grams Total Carbohydrate 52 grams Sugar: 7 grams Fiber 18 grams Cholesterol 83 milligrams Sodium 1031 milligrams, ingredients: [3 poblano peppers, seeded and diced, 2 medium onions, diced, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 2 pounds lean ground bison, 6 tablespoons Mexican chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, One 14.5ounce can whole fireroasted tomatoes, crushed by hand, One 15.5ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, One 15.5ounce can red kidney beans, drained and rinsed, One 15.5ounce can white hominy, drained and rinsed, One 8ounce container lowfat sour cream, optional, 12 cup shredded lowfat cheese, optional, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, optional, 12 medium red onion, finely chopped, optional, Lime wedges, for serving, optional, Avocado, diced, for serving, optional], title: Healthy Bison Chili, picturelink: 0iPVuOoxHDW1Ft2eteANHmP5dZ12V8W}, 46860: {instructions: Empty a 12ounce bag of fresh or frozen cranberries into a saucepan and transfer 12 cup to a small bowl. Add 1 cup sugar, 1 strip orange or lemon zest and 2 tablespoons water to the pan and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves and the cranberries are soft, about 10 minutes. Increase the heat to medium and cook until the cranberries burst, about 12 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and stir in the reserved cranberries. Add sugar, salt and pepper to taste. Quarter 1 each unpeeled orange and tart apple remove seeds. Roughly chop the fruit with 12 cup sugar in a food processor. Fold into cranberry sauce along with 12 cup chopped toasted pecans. Let cool to room temperature before serving.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Nutty Cranberry Relish, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 46861: {instructions: Cut zucchini in horizontal halves. Arrange zucchini halves in a roasting pan with 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt and pepper. Place the pan in a 375 degree F. oven and baste frequently with the oil until slightly golden.nIn a bowl mash together the bread crumbs, parsley and garlic. Sprinkle mixture over golden zucchini. Add additional oil to roasting pan and continue to roast, basting frequently, until golden brown. Transfer to warm serving platter and serve very hot., ingredients: [8 mediumsize zucchini, 14 cup Spanish olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons fresh bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 3 cloves garlic, minced], title: Golden Zucchini, picturelink: null}, 46862: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Lightly butter a baking sheet.nPut the currants in a medium bowl and cover with hot water. Soak for 15 minutes and drain.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, cake flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt. Add the butter and, using your hands, work it into flour mixture, until it is about the size of small peas. Stir in the currants.nAdd the buttermilk and stir with a spatula, just until the flour is moistened and comes together in a shaggy dough. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and knead lightly until just smooth, about 1 minute. Form the dough into a ball and place on the center of the prepared baking sheet.nUsing a sharp knife cut a 14inchdeep X into the top of the dough to let the fairies out. Bake until well browned and the bottom sounds hollow when tapped lightly with your knuckles, about 1 hour.nTransfer the bread to a rack and let cool completely before serving., ingredients: [12 cup currants, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups cake flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons fine salt, 14 cup unsalted butter, cut into small pieces and chilled, 1 12 cups buttermilk], title: Irish Soda Bread, picturelink: null}, 46863: {instructions: To prepare the fish, first coat the fish with flour, tap off excess and then dip into the egg wash. Mix the breadcrumbs, coconut and walnuts together in a third pan. Finish the fish in the coconut breading mixture. Ensure that the breading is evenly covering the fish, and then repeat with the remaining fish.nHeat the oil in a large, heavyduty pot or deepfryer to 350 degrees F. Once the fish has been breaded, drop the breaded fish into the oil and cook until golden brown, about 90 seconds. Flip the fish once during the cooking process. Once cooked, remove and allow to rest on paper towels to absorb excess oil.nDuring resting, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and then squeeze the lemon over the cooked fish. Serve., ingredients: [Eight 1 to 1 12ounce halibut cheeks or medallions, 14inch thick can substitute grouper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, seasoned with a pinch of salt and white pepper, 1 cup egg wash 2 eggs and 12 cup milk, mixed well, 1 cup plain Asian breadcrumbs, 12 cup shredded coconut, 12 cup walnut pieces can substitute pecans, 12 gallon vegetable oil, 1 lemon], title: Coconut Walnut Halibut, picturelink: null}, 46864: {instructions: To make the crust, chop the toasted nuts coarsely. Do not reduce the nuts to a powder. Stir the nuts into the honey and set aside.nTo make the coffee sauce, in a heavybottomed saucepot, bring the consomme and the cream to a boil, reduce the heat, and let simmer. Stirring occasionally, reduce the sauce by about 34, until it will coat the back of a wooden spoon. Add the cracked coffee beans, cover, and turn off the heat. Let the sauce infuse for 10 minutes, then strain, and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Set sauce aside and keep warm.nPreheat the broiler. To prepare the duck breast, trim away excess fat and lightly score the skins with a sharp knife. Season with salt and pepper and cook, skin side down, over medium heat in 4 tablespoons of the canola oil. As the duck breasts render their own fat, the skins will crisp and become golden brown. Drain off excess fat periodically. Cook the duck breasts for about 10 minutes. Turn the breasts onto their flesh side and cook for 1 more minute. Remove the breasts from the pan, and wipe pan clean with a paper towel.nIn a separate saute pan, heat the remaining canola oil. Add the endive, orange zest, and sugar, and saute until the endive is wilted. Set aside and keep warm.nSpread each breast with 1 12 tablespoons of the honey nut crust, and place them back in the clean pan. Caramelize the duck under the broiler for 1 minute, making sure the crust doesnt burn. Remove the breasts to a plate and rest for 5 minutes.nTo serve duck breast, slice each breast into 14inch thick pieces and fan out. Place slices on warmed plates with sauteed endive. Pour the coffee sauce around duck breast, and garnish with the brandied cherries., ingredients: [4 tablespoons blanched almonds, toasted, 4 tablespoons blanched hazelnuts, toasted, 4 tablespoons walnuts, toasted, 6 ounces wildflower honey, 4 cups duck consomme, 4 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons cracked espresso beans, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 Moulard duck breasts, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons canola oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 4 cups cleaned endive, 1 orange, zested, 1 teaspoon sugar, 4 ounces brandied cherries], title: Duck Breast Crusted with Honeyed Nuts Coffee Infusion and Brandied Cherries, picturelink: null}, 46865: {instructions: In a glass with ice, add Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, sugar syrup, and lime juice. Top with ginger beer and stir. Garnish with mint sprig and lime slice., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, 3 oz. ginger beer, 1 teaspoons sugar syrup, 0.25 oz. lime juice, 1 sprigs mint, 1 slices limes], title: Smirnoff Moscow Mule, picturelink: CAS.CEEEN0BtBOsWMobL9GX5U0d4aWW}, 46866: {instructions: Pound scallopini between pieces of plastic wrap until thin. Top each of the slices with a slice of prosciutto and a sage leaf. Secure prosciutto and sage leaf to the veal with a toothpick. Melt the butter in a pan large enough to accommodate the 4 veal slices and brown them on both sides for a few minutes. Sprinkle with fresh pepper and lightly with salt prosciutto is already salty. Add white wine and reduce quickly over high heat until almost glazed. The whole procedure should not take longer than 5 minutes. Serve with instant polenta andor saute of mushrooms and parsley., ingredients: [4 small 14inch thick veal scallopini, 4 thin slices of prosciutto, 4 whole fresh leaves of sage, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup dry white wine, Salt and pepper], title: Saltimbocca, picturelink: null}, 46867: {instructions: In a large saucepan over medium heat, add the oil and saute the onion and garlic until translucent and soft. Add the barley and stir together so the barley gets coated with oil and begins to toast.nReduce the heat and slowly add the vegetable stock a little at a time to the toasted barley. Stir constantly until all the liquid youve added has evaporated, then add more. Continue to do this until all the stock has been used. Reduce the heat to low and add the asparagus. Simmer until the asparagus is cooked, normally around 8 minutes. Cooks Note: Alternatively, you could blanch the asparagus first in boiling water, prior to adding it to the cooked barley. This will save you time if youre in a hurry.nStir in the cream, cheese and butter and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with the chopped basil before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups quick cooking barley, 4 cups vegetable stock, 12 spears fresh asparagus, peeled and cut into 1 12inch pieces, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup grated Asiago cheese, 3 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons fresh chopped basil leaves], title: Barley and Asparagus Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 46868: {instructions: Ganache: Cook the blueberries and sugar over medium heat until juice is syrup like consistency. Strain the blueberries through a fine mesh strainer chinois. You dont want to have the skins of the berries in the ganache, just the juices. Reserve this liquid.nBring the heavy cream to a simmer in a small saucepan. Add the white chocolate and stir frequently or whisk until smooth. This can also be done over a double broiler to risk the chance of scalding the cream and chocolate. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons of the blueberry liquid. A pourable ganache should be held around 90 degrees F. The ganache can be held in refrigeration for 4 days or frozen for 3 months.nIce Cream: Puree blueberries in a food processor until the berries are somewhat chunky, similar to a salsa consistency. Whisk the sugar and eggs in a medium mixing bowl until they are thickened and pale yellow. Bring the creams to a simmer in a saucepan 170degrees F. Slowly whisk the cream mixture into the egg and sugar mixture. Pour entire mixture back into saucepan and bring and cook over low heat, stirring constantly until the custard thickens. If the heat gets too high or boils, the eggs will scramble. Pour the custard through a strainer into a clean bowl. Place in a freezer until cool, then stir in blueberries and vanilla extract. Transfer to an ice cream machine and follow manufacturers directions or return to freezer and stir occasionally until custard sets.nProfiteroles: Bring water, milk, and butter to a boil, then add flour all at once, stirring vigorously with a large spoon until mixture groups together. Reduce heat while continuing to stir for one more minute to cook out any excess moisture. Beat the eggs in one at a time with a mixer at low speed or with a spoon. Make sure the paste is smooth before the next egg is added. When all eggs are incorporated, the dough should be smooth and shiny.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace paste in a large pastry bag and pipe on to a large ungreased cookie sheet in 12 round mounds around 2 to 2 1 2inch in diameter and 1inch high. Place in 400degrees for 15 minutes then reduce heat to 350degrees for roughly 25 to 30 minutes. Profiteroles should be golden brown. Remove from oven and place profiteroles on a rack to cool.nCut profiteroles in half. Scoop blueberry ice cream into bottom half of profiteroles and place top half on ice cream. Drizzle with ganache. Top with a dollop of fresh whipped cream and a few fresh blueberries., ingredients: [1 cup blueberries, 14 cup sugar, 13 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces white chocolate, 2 14 cups blueberries, 13 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 cup light cream, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup flour, 1 2 cup water, 1 2 cup whole milk, 8 Tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 large eggs], title: Blueberry and White Chocolate Ganache on a Profiterole, picturelink: null}, 46869: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a bowl whisk into the pumpkin puree, the sugar, and the spices. With a wooden spoon so you dont get too much air in mixture stir in the eggs, cream and rum. Ladle the mixture into 6 buttered 1cup ramekins. Arrange ramekins, on a cloth set in a baking pan and pour in enough boiling water in the pan to reach half way up sides of ramekins. Bake for 40 minutes or until set. Remove flans from pan and let them cool until lukewarm. Cover tops with buttered waxed paper and chill. Pipe a rosette of whipped cream in center of each flan and garnish with toasted pecans., ingredients: [1 12 cups unsweetened pumpkin puree, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pinch of ground cloves, Pinch of salt, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 34 cup light cream, 14 cup white rum, Lightly whipped cream as garnish, optional, Toasted chopped pecans as garnish, optional], title: Pumpkin Flans, picturelink: null}, 46870: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 46871: {instructions: In a heavy pot or Dutch oven, add the chopped bacon and cook over medium heat just until the fat begins to render, about 4 minutes. Add baked beans, ketchup, brown sugar, hot pepper sauce, and honey and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce the heat slightly to maintain a simmer for 25 to 30 minutes, or until flavors are combined., ingredients: [12 pound slab bacon, thickly sliced and chopped into 12inch dice, 2 32ounce cans baked beans, 12 cup ketchup, 13 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Baked Beans, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 46872: {instructions: Preheat grill mediumhigh. Whisk together the vinegar, garlic and chipotle puree in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil and season with honey and salt and pepper to taste. Place the vegetables in a large baking dish and pour the vinaigrette over them. Mix well to coat and season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Grill until the vegetables are just cooked through but still hold their shape. Arrange on a large platter with a bowl of the Cabrales Dip.nMix the creme fraiche and blue cheese together in a medium bowl until combined. Add the cilantro and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chipotle pepper puree in adobo, 34 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 16 baby carrots, blanched, 1 large fennel bulb, peeled and sliced lengthwise 12inch thick, 8 pattypan squash, 8 baby zucchini, halved lengthwise, 16 asparagus spears, trimmed, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and quartered, 2 yellow bell peppers, seeded and quartered, 2 poblanos, seeded and quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups creme fraiche or low fat sour cream, 12 cup finely crumbled cabrales, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Chipotle Glazed Barbecue Crudite with Cabrales Blue Cheese Dip, picturelink: null}, 46873: {instructions: Special equipment: two 8inch cake pansnFor the candied pecans: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Whisk the sugar, cinnamon and salt together in a bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg white and water together until frothy. Toss the pecans in the egg white mixture, then add the sugar mixture and toss until the pecans are evenly coated. Spread the coated pecans on a baking sheet. Bake, stirring every 15 minutes, until the pecans are evenly browned, 1 hour.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut two 8inch parchment circles and use to line the bottoms of two 8inch cake pans.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the four, white sugar, black and Dutchprocess cocoa powders, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add the buttermilk, brown sugar, oil, vanilla and eggs beat with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes. Whisk in the hot coffee until completely incorporatedthe batter will be quite thin.nPour the batter into the prepared pans. Bake until a cake tester inserted into the center of the cakes comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes, then slide an offset spatula around the edge of the pans and flip out the cakes. Cool on a rack for another 30 minutes.nFor the buttercream: Combine the egg whites and powdered sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed for 5 minutes. This helps dissolve all the sugar and prevents that grainy texture you often get with American buttercreams. You will now have what looks like a really runny royal icing. Make sure your butter is soft. Set the mixer to medium and gradually add the butter, scraping down the bowl occasionally. Add the vanilla extract. Beat for 10 minutes on medium. Swirl in the butterscotch caramel.nFor the ganache: Heat the cream in a microwave just until boiling, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the cream over the chocolate and allow to sit for 1 minute. Stir until the ganache is silky smoothit look a bit curdled at first but will eventually come together. Leave the ganache on the counter to cool until it has reached the consistency of peanut butter. At this point it is ready to be used to frost the outside of the cake. Makes 2 cups.nTo assemble the cake: Remove the parchment paper from the bottoms of cakes. Split the cakes in half horizontally with a serrated knife to make four layers. Place one layer on a serving platter. Spread a generous 34 cup buttercream over the layer to within 12 inch of the edge. Sprinkle 3 to 4 tablespoons candied pecans over the buttercream. Place a second cake layer over the first and repeat witht the buttercream and pecans. Continue with a third layer. Top the cake with the final layer and gently frost the outside with ganache., ingredients: [1 cup white sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 egg white, 1 tablespoon water, 1 pound pecan halves, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup white sugar, 14 cup black cocoa, 12 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup canola oil, 2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup hot instant coffee, 4.2 ounces pasteurized egg whites, 1 pound powdered sugar, 2 pounds 8 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 8 ounces butterscotch caramel see Cooks Note, 300 milliliters heavy whipping cream, 600 grams dark chocolate, chopped], title: Turtle Cake, picturelink: null}, 46874: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace apples, lemon juice, cider, sugar and cinnamon in a medium pot over medium high heat and cook down into a thick sauce, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in cranberry sauce to warm through and combine.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat.nPlace potatoes and water or milk in a bowl and cover with plastic. Microwave 2 minutes on high to slightly reheat and loosen potatoes. Stir them up with the liquid to make them workable again. Combine cheese, scallions and nutmeg with potatoes and adjust salt and pepper.nAdd a drizzle of vegetable oil and a pat of butter to your preheated skillet then score the potatoes and cheese mixture in half. Using the first half of the potatoes, make 6 3inch across and 12inch thick potato cakes and space them evenly around the pan. Cook the cakes until golden all over, 3 minutes per side, then remove and garnish with paprika, if using, and repeat with remaining ingredients.nServe potatocheddar cakes with warm cranapple sauce for topping., ingredients: [3 Golden or Red Delicious apples, peeled and chopped, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 cup apple cider, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup prepared whole berry cranberry sauce, store bought or homemade, 3 cups smashed or leftover mashed potatoes, Water or milk, as needed to thin potatoes, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it, Coarse salt and pepper, Drizzle vegetable oil, Butter pats, Paprika, to garnish, optional], title: Smashed PotatoCheddar Cakes with Warm CranApple Sauce, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 46875: {instructions: Potato cake: Squeeze the water out of potatoes with paper towels. In a large bowl combine add the potatoes and remaining ingredients, except the oil. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Drop 6 large spoonfuls of the potato mixture into the oil to make 6 potato cakes. Cook until the potatoes are crisp and golden, about 4 minutes on each side. Remove to paper towellined plate and sprinkle with salt.nScallops: Season the scallops with salt and pepper, to taste, and rub with curry powder. Heat the oil over high heat in a large saute pan. Add the scallops to hot pan and sear for about 2 minutes on first side and 1 minute on the other side. Scallops should be opaque in the center and slightly firm.nBeurre blanc: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine the shallots, thyme, bay leaf, peppercorns, vinegar and Champagne and cooked until reduced to 1 tablespoon. Strain the liquid and discard the solids. Add the cream and simmer until reduced by half. Cut the butter into cubes and whisk it into the vinegar reduction in thirds. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir in the lemon juice.nTo serve, put a potato cake on each plate, top with a scallop and drizzle with the warm beurre blanc sauce., ingredients: [2 potatoes, grated, 1 pear, peeled and diced, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves chopped, 14 cup roughly chopped trumpet mushrooms, or other wild mushroom, 1 egg, Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 scallops, cleaned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 sprig thyme, 1 bay leaf, 6 peppercorns, 12 cup champagne vinegar, 1 cup Champagne or sparkling wine, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 12 sticks butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Spiced Seared Scallops with PotatoPear Pancake and Champagne Beurre Blanc, picturelink: 7QYLowx138JP5BqUK704VlrIzrxZ2}, 46876: {instructions: This is a very simple technique for making an impressing centerpiece. First, design your centerpiece. I drew 3 artistic shapes onto cardboard and then cut out the shapes to make templates. Roll out the PlayDough and cut long ropes that are about an inch wide and 12inch deep. Place a silpat baking mat on a baking sheet. Using the template as a guide, recreate the shape with PlayDough formed directly on the baking sheet.nI also used concentric circles to form all of the base pieces of the centerpiece. I used 2 12inch cake rings, a 10inch ring, and an 8inch ring. Lightly coat the inside of each ring with vegetable cooking spray. Set the rings on baking sheets covered with silpat baking mats. Now you are ready to cook the sugar.nPlace the sugar, vinegar and water in a saucepan over high heat. Insert a candy thermometer and cook until the sugar reaches 320 degrees F. Use a pastry brush to keep the inside of the saucepan clean as the sugar cooks or the sugar may recrystallize. When the sugar has cooked, add the color. I used a whisk to mix in some white color. Then, I added red but I did not mix it completely. Let the heat of the sugar mix the red.nImmediately pour the marbled sugar inside the cake rings and inside the PlayDough forms. Allow the sugar to cool completely.nTo stick the sugar pieces together, use a blow torch. The process is using the flame to gently melt the place where the 2 pieces will be joined. I glued my largest upright piece to my largest circle. Make a few passes with the flame and you will see the sugar start to melt. Use that process to put all of the pieces of the centerpiece together., ingredients: [3 .3 pounds 1.5 kilos sugar, 2 ounces 60 grams vinegar, 11 .5 ounces 325 grams water, Food color liquid u2013 assorted colors], title: Faux Marble Poured Sugar Centerpiece, picturelink: null}, 46877: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine the bottom and sides of an 8inch square pan with parchment paper.nCombine the sugar, water, corn syrup, and cream of tartar in a heavy 4quart saucepan and put over high heat. Stir occasionally until the sugar has dissolved. Cover and continue to cook for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the heavy cream and soy sauce in a liquid measuring cup. Have this and the butter standing by.nRemove the lid from the sugar mixture, and attach a candy thermometer to the side of the pan. When the sugar mixture reaches 230 degrees F, reduce the heat to medium and cook, without stirring, until the syrup is a golden color and is approaching 300 degrees F, about 6 to 7 minutes. At this point, there is less likelihood of any crystallization, so gently swirl the pan to break up any hot pockets.nWhen the temperature approaches 350 degrees F, it will turn deep amber. Remove the pan from the heat, and gently swirl again to break up all of the hot pockets. Cool for 2 minutes.nCarefully incorporate the cream and soy mixture and the butter into the pan. Stir to combine. Return the caramel to medium heat, stir until the butter is completely melted, and continue cooking until it reaches 255 degrees F. Remove from the heat and pour into the parchmentlined pan, tap gently to release air bubbles.nCool on a cooling rack for 30 minutes, and then sprinkle evenly with the salt. Continue cooling on the rack for an additional 3 12 hours. Cut into 1inch pieces and wrap individually in parchment. Store in an airtight container for up to a week., ingredients: [14 12 ounces sugar, 12 cup water, 12 cup light corn syrup, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup heavy cream, room temperature, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt], title: Dark Salty Caramels, picturelink: Gk9wVzKAWXhWdmHLi9R3CzMEeHXIdm}, 46878: {instructions: For the white bean: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nFor the tapenade: Combine all ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth.nFor the fresh tomato: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste.nFor the bruschetta: Brush bread with olive oil on one side and grill oiled side down until golden brown. Top with the white beans, tapenade and tomatoes., ingredients: [1 cup cooked white beans, if using canned, rinsed and drained, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 cup black nicoise olives, pitted, 1 tablespoon capers, 3 cloves garlic, 2 anchovy fillets, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tomatoes, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh basil chiffonade, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 16 slices French bread, sliced 12inch thick, Olive oil], title: A Trio of Bruschetta, picturelink: bVG3MFGvcWmD729Iy2z9DMLohJchuj.}, 46879: {instructions: With a paring knife, cut the sardine in half, top to bottom, along the backbone. Arrange the sardines in a single layer, flesh side down, in a shallow dish. Mix together vinegar, oil, orange juice and oregano pour over the sardines. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and let cure in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Drain the sardines from the marinade, cut into chunks, and toss gently with piquillo peppers and capers. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with basil. Serve with plenty of grilled flat bread., ingredients: [2 pounds small whole sardines, heads, tails and fins removed, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 1 orange, juiced, 14 cup chopped fresh oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 13ounce cans piquillo peppers, drained and chopped, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 small bunch fresh basil leaves, handshredded], title: Piquillo Pepper Salad with Sardines and Basil, picturelink: null}, 46880: {instructions: For the sauce: In a medium saucepot set over medium heat, add the wine, bell peppers and shallots. Stirring constantly, cook until the shallots and peppers soak up the wine and the wine evaporates, about 5 minutes. Season with a pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Add the cream, mustard and lemon zest. Increase the heat slightly, and continue to cook and stir until the liquid slightly reduces and thickens, about 8 more minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley.nFor the fingerlings and mushrooms: Place a large baking sheet in the oven and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large pot, add the potatoes, a nice pinch of salt and cover with an inch of water. Bring to a boil and boil the potatoes for 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow the potatoes to sit for 5 more minutes. Drain and airdry the potatoes.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven and quickly scatter half of the rosemary and thyme on it. Arrange the potatoes and mushrooms over the herbs. Spritz the entire baking sheet with the lemon juice and drizzle everything lightly with the olive oil. Place the remaining herbs over the top. Roast until the potatoes are tender and the mushrooms are darker in color and tender, 30 to 35 minutes, tossing halfway through.nRemove the herbs and serve warm, at room temperature or chilled, with a drizzle of the sauce, served at the same temperature as the dish., ingredients: [12 cup white wine, 14 cup finely chopped red bell peppers, 1 shallot, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 heaping tablespoons wholegrain Dijon mustard, Zest of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 pounds fingerling potatoes, Kosher salt, 4 stalks fresh rosemary, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 pound button mushrooms, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Sunnys Roasted Fingerlings and Mushrooms with a Mustard Cream Sauce, picturelink: IwkWnDjoMbcEuxwlbR9tOqzoLTY25u}, 46881: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Cut the 2 medium pumpkins in half, scoop out the seeds, and place skinside down on a baking sheet. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes, or until soft. Scoop out the pumpkin flesh into food processor and puree until smooth. Pour pureed pumpkin into a saucepan and add the chicken broth, water, maple syrup and spices. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, cut the top off the large pumpkin to create the soup tureen. The hole should be wide enough to fit a ladle. Hollow out the seeds, checking for holes and lining with plastic, if necessary. Remove the soup from heat and stir in the half and half. Pour the soup into the pumpkin tureen and serve garnished with toasted pumpkin seeds., ingredients: [2 medium pumpkins for recipe, 1 large pumpkin for tureen, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup water, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ginger, 1 cup half and half, Toasted pumpkin seeds, optional], title: Pumpkin Soup, picturelink: null}, 46882: {instructions: Bring a pot of wellsalted water to a boil over medium heat. Set up a bowl of ice water and season it generously with salt.nAdd the beans to the boiling water and cook them until they are tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Bite a bean to be sure they are properly cooked. Put them immediately in the bowl of salted ice water to stop the cooking or to shock them. When they are cold, remove them from the water and let them dry a little.nCoat a large saute pan with both clarified butter and olive oil. Bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat, add the shallots and brown. Add the haricot vert, season with salt and saute until all the beans are coated with oil and hot. Serve immediately or later at room temperature., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound haricots verts, stem end removed hairy end left on, Clarified butter, for coating pan, Extravirgin olive oil, for coating pan, 2 small shallots, cut into rings], title: Perfect Haricots Verts, picturelink: XBLY1oHNShHm4YbtlCQEYeEylQWiYa}, 46883: {instructions: Combine milk with pudding mix in a bowl. Beat with an electric mixer or a whisk for 2 minutes, or until thoroughly blended. Set aside.nIn a 9inch square baking pan, arrange a layer of wafers, flat sides down, and then top with a layer of banana slices. Continue alternating layers until all of the wafers and banana slices are in the dish.nTop the dish with the pudding and let it seep down in between the wafer and banana layers. Cover and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours. If desired, add whipped topping before serving., ingredients: [2 cups fatfree milk, 1 small 4serving package sugarfree fatfree instant vanilla pudding mix, 24 reducedfat vanilla round wafer cookies recommended: Reduced Fat Nilla, 2 medium bananas, sliced, Fatfree whipped topping thawed from frozen, optional], title: Bananarama Wafer Pudding, picturelink: JWePnMw970GQuHMNsMQ1yWGmrXcSLoS}, 46884: {instructions: Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, apple pie spice and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the buttermilk and eggs in a medium bowl until well blended and then whisk in the melted butter, vanilla and mashed banana. Pour the buttermilk mixture into the flour mixture and stir until just combined with a few lumps. Set aside for 10 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Preheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh. Lightly brush the top and bottom of the waffle iron with butter.nFill each waffle indent about threequarters full. Close the lid gently and cook until the waffle is golden brown and crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Repeat with additional butter and the remaining batter, keeping the cooked waffles warm in the oven until ready to serve.nServe the waffles topped with warmed honey, sliced banana and chopped peanuts.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon apple pie spice, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 34 cups buttermilk, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, plus more for the waffle iron, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 very ripe banana, mashed, Warmed honey, sliced bananas and chopped peanuts, for serving], title: Banana Spice Waffles, picturelink: 0U6BPHVHLRzRdCajNRSeyj9gM7gLf4m}, 46885: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 6quart slow cookernHeat a 6quart slow cooker with insert on high until hot.nCombine the chocolate, cream, milk, vanilla and salt in the hot insert. Cover and cook on high for 30 minutes, then whisk the ingredients together and set on low. Add the bourbon or liqueur if using.nServe with fruit, marshmallows or pound cake., ingredients: [1 pound dark or milk chocolate chips, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt, 2 tablespoons bourbon or orange, coffee or hazelnut liqueur, optional, Fruit, marshmallows or pound cake, for serving], title: Slow Cooker Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: 771OsXuM7DHN07dYrNI35UiY4OEMjZ2}, 46886: {instructions: For the dough: Add the flour, sugar, lemon zest and salt to a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook. Mix together for 30 seconds. Add the vanilla seeds and mix to combine. Add the butter and mix on medium speed no higher than speed 4, until the mixture looks like coarse crumbs.nIn a small bowl, beat together the egg yolks and the rum. Add to the mixer, as the machine keeps running on medium speed the dough will start to form. As soon as it starts to leave the sides of the bowl, turn off the machine. By hand, on a flat surface, work the dough into the shape of a disk and refrigerate for about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter an 11inch tart pan very well.nOn a floured surface, roll the dough to about 14inch thick and gently lay it into the tart pan. Press the dough lightly into the round edges, then, using your fingers, press on the edges of the pan, cutting off the excess. With a fork, poke the dough several times, all the way through to the pan. Brush the dough with a thin layer of egg white. Bake, with a sheet tray on the rack below it, until the edges of the dough look golden and crisp, 25 to 30 minutes.nFor the filling: Whisk together the cream, sugar, yolks and eggs in a large bowl. Whisk in lemon juice and zest. Let rest while the tart shell bakes.nRemove the crust from oven, place on a sheet tray and pour the filling into the warm shell. Tap gently on the counter to release any excess air bubbles.nLower the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nBake the tart in the oven for 40 minutes. The custard will appear firm with just a slight jiggle in the center of the tart. Remove from the oven and let cool for about 30 minutes.nTo serve, remove the tart from the pan, sprinkle evenly with granulated sugar and use a torch to caramelize it. Repeat the final step twice to ensure a real crunch Garnish with the powdered sugar., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup granulated sugar, plus more for topping, Zest of 1 lemon, Pinch salt, 1 vanilla bean, seeded, 2 sticks 12 pound unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces and chilled, 3 large organic egg yolks, plus 1 white, 1 shot rum or grappa, 1 cup whipping cream, 1 cup granulated sugar 5 large egg yolks, 2 large eggs, Zest and juice of 2 organic lemons, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Lemon Brulee Tart, picturelink: null}, 46887: {instructions: Heat rice according to package directions. In medium microwavesafe bowl, combine chicken, broth and vegetables. Microwave on high for 5 minutes. Stir in rice.nCooks notes:nYou can adjust the amount of ingredients based on your tastes. Save leftovers for lunch the next day, ingredients: [2 containers Minuteu00ae Ready to Serve White Rice, 1 cup 6oz. cooked, diced chicken breast, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup frozen mixed vegetables], title: Country Chicken and Rice Soup, picturelink: Kx78ZdnpSBjDJZ8eK5jY8y5MhIzjN4m}, 46888: {instructions: Light the burner under a brulot bowl or chafing dish and adjust the flame to low. Drop the orange and lemon peel, sugar cubes, cloves, and cinnamon stick into the bowl or pan, pour in the cognac and curacao, and stir to dissolve the sugar. When the mixture is warm, ignite it with a match. Stirring gently, pour the coffee into the bowl in a slow, thin stream continue to stir until the flame dies out. Ladle into brulot cups or demitasse cups and serve at once., ingredients: [Peel of 1 orange, cut into 1 by 18inch strips, Peel of 1 lemon, cut into 1 by 18inch strips, 3 sugar cubes, 6 whole cloves, 2inch cinnamon stick, 1 cup cognac, 12 cup curacao or other orange liqueur, 2 cups fresh strong black coffee], title: Cafe Brulot, picturelink: 7D1m649UQrKy5akE1JThJiUsbZLOelu}, 46889: {instructions: Special equipment: Eight 4ounce ramekinsnPut the dark chocolate chips in a large heatproof bowl. In another large bowl, whisk together the eggs and brown sugar until well combined.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the cream, milk, brandy, orange zest, vanilla seeds, salt, and granulated sugar to a boil stir until the sugar is dissolved. Pour the hot liquid over the dark chocolate chips and whisk until melted and smooth. While whisking constantly, pour the dark chocolate mixture into the eggs, mixing until combined. Add the bread and toss gently to coat. Transfer the bread mixture to the refrigerator and cool to room temperature. Stir in the chocolate chips and dried cherries. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Put eight 4ounce ramekins on a baking sheet and lightly coat them with cooking spray.nStir the bread pudding mixture to evenly distribute the chocolate chips and cherries. Divide the mixture among the prepared ramekins. Sprinkle a little Turbinado sugar over the top of each pudding and bake until puffed and set, about 30 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [23 cup about 4 ounces dark chocolate chips, 5 large eggs, 5 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons brandy, Finely grated zest of 14 orange, Seeds of 12 vanilla bean, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar, 6 slices soft white bread, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup about 3 ounces milk chocolate chips, 12 cup dried cherries, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 tablespoon Turbinado sugar], title: ChocolateDried Cherry Bread Pudding, picturelink: UcOKvqUbq0yD.1sVliuXhBJ3Bgpc0eu}, 46890: {instructions: For the red winerosemary butter: Place the wine and the rosemary sprig in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer until the wine has reduced to a syrup and measures approximately 2 tablespoons, about 20 minutes. Let cool to room temperature before removing and discarding the rosemary sprig. Place the butter, the chopped rosemary and the salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the wine syrup and process until fully integrated, about 1 minute. Set aside.nFor the strip steak: Preheat a grill or grill pan to high heat. In a small bowl, combine the olive oil, rosemary, salt and garlic, and rub the mixture all over the steaks. Place the steaks on the grill and sear for 4 minutes without moving to form a golden brown crust. Flip the steaks and sear on the reverse side until crusty on the outside and mediumrare at the center, another 3 minutes. Remove the steaks to a plate and let rest for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, drizzle about 1 teaspoon olive oil over the lemon halves and place them, cut side down, on the grill. Grill until charred and fragrant, 3 minutes.nTo serve: Transfer each steak to a plate and top with a dollop of red wine butter and a squeeze of the charred lemon., ingredients: [1 cup dry red wine, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, plus 2 teaspoons chopped, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Four 6ounce boneless NY strip steaks, 2 lemons, halved], title: NY Strip Steak with Red WineRosemary Butter, picturelink: CtRxlS6p1qy2NO3t3WgSR4YMQbHex.}, 46891: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel, core, and cut the apples into 1inch dice and toss with melted butter in a large bowl. Scatter the apples in the bottom of a roasting pan fitted with a rack.nSeason the tenderloin generously with salt and pepper and place on the rack in the roasting pan. Whisk together all remaining ingredients in a small bowl. Put the tenderloin in oven until internal temperature registers 160 to165 degrees on an instantread thermometer, about 30 to 40 minutes. During the last 10 minutes of cooking brush with half of the glaze. Remove from oven, brush with remaining glaze and allow to rest for 10 minutes on a cutting board before slicing. Serve with roasted apples., ingredients: [4 apples recommended: a mix of Golden Delicious and McIntosh, 14 cup melted butter, 3 pounds pork tenderloin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup apple butter, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves], title: Apple Glazed Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 46892: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saute pan over medium heat add oil. When oil is hot add onions and cook, stirring occasionally until onions release their natural sugar and become golden brown, about 20 minutes.nTo make dressing: In a small jar or pint container with a lid add mustard, honey, vinegar, oil, salt and pepper. Place top on container and shake to combine.nIn a large mixing bowl add spinach, roasted pepper, beans, feta, tuna and 2 tablespoons dressing. Toss to combine. Garnish with caramelized onion, orange segments and toasted almonds., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 8ounce bag baby spinach, 1 roasted red pepper, cut into strips, 1 can white beans, drained and rinsed, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 can whole chunk tuna in water, 1 orange, cut into segments, 14 cup toasted sliced almonds], title: Spinach Salad, picturelink: z6FONLFJsYOfiyBIV7NKpsl.acnSHFy}, 46893: {instructions: To a large pitcher, add lemonade concentrate and water, stir to combine. Top with ginger beer. Pour over ice and garnish with candied ginger., ingredients: [1 12ounce can frozen lemonade concentrate, 4 cups water, 2 12ounce bottles Jamaicanstyle ginger beer, Ice cubes, Candied ginger chunks, for garnish], title: Windy Road GingerLemonade, picturelink: null}, 46894: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a regularsized muffin tin with 12 aluminum cupcake liners.nFor the graham cracker crust: Put the melted butter and graham crackers in a food processer. Blend until the graham crackers are crushed. Press 1 tablespoon of graham cracker mixture into the bottom of each cupcake liner, making sure to pack it down. For the cheesecake cupcakes: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the cream cheese on medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes, scraping down the sides as needed. In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar and flour. With the mixer on low speed, gradually add the sugar mixture to the cream cheese and mix until smooth. Add the sour cream and vanilla paste and mix until smooth. Add the egg, beating until just combined do not over mix. Fill the cupcake liners threequarters full. Bake for 15 minutes. Cool slightly until the cupcakes become concave.nFor the sour cream glaze: In a medium bowl, stir together the sour cream, sugar and vanilla paste. Place a heaping tablespoon of glaze in the center of each cupcake. Return to the oven for 10 minutes. Cool to room temperature on a wire rack, and then chill in the refrigerator until cold, at least 2 hours.nTo assemble: Pipe Fresh Whipped Cream around the rim of the cupcake leaving an empty space in the middle. Fill the empty space in the middle with Mixed Berry Compote.nUsing the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with whisk attachment, whip the heavy cream and sugar until soft peaks form. Put into a pastry bag fitted with a star tip.nIn medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the berries and sugar to a boil, stirring constantly until thick. Remove from the heat and chill until cold., ingredients: [12 stick butter, melted, 4 ounces graham crackers, 1 34 cup cream cheese, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons flour, 4 tablespoons sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste, 1 egg, at room temperature, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste, Fresh Whipped Cream, recipe follows, Mixed Berry Compote, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup blueberries, 12 cup raspberries, 12 cup strawberries, 3 tablespoons sugar], title: Fan Favorite Triple Berry Cheesecake Cupcakes with Sour Cream Glaze, Mixed Berry Compote, Fresh Whipped Cream, Graham Cracker Crust, picturelink: vzTmtDxIF3Qowu0xNNSYPePHGJnHzK}, 46895: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Keawe woodnPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nGrind the Paniolo spice together with the coffee and salt or the coffee with paprika, cumin, salt and pepper. Rub spice mixture over all the ribs. Place ribs in a heavy roasting pan and cook uncovered for 12 minutes, drain off excess fat.nLower the oven temperature to 375 degrees F.nMix together water and Worcestershire sauce and pour around ribs. Cover pan tightly with foil and bake until tender, about 1 hour 45 minutes. Ribs may be prepared to this point a few days in advance.nTo prepare barbecue, light the Keawe wood and allow it to burn until coals are medium hot and spread out. Cook ribs 3 minutes on each side and dip or brush ribs in the sauce and cook slowly for another 5 to 6 minutes. Be careful not to burn the ribs.nWarm a little Kona Coffee BBQ sauce to serve on the side. Serve with grilled corn and campfire potato salad or your favorite sides., ingredients: [5 tablespoons Paniolo Rounemup seasoning or use 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 12 tablespoons Kona coffee, finely ground, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 baby back ribs, 30 ounces water, 10 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 2 12ounce bottles Kona Coffee BBQ grilling and dipping sauce], title: Keawe Grilled Baby Back Ribs with Kona Coffee Bbq Grilling and Dipping Sauce, picturelink: V0qjVB712SFx5edXUbb0wmjAvVCJm36}, 46896: {instructions: Combine the artichokes, spinach, pecorino, mayonnaise, red pepper flakes and garlic in a bowl. Spread on one side of the puff pastry sheet. Roll up like a jelly roll and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Place in the freezer for 30 minutes to an hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray.nRemove the plastic wrap and slice the puff pastry log into 1inchthick slices. Place the pastry pieces flat on the baking sheet, about 1 inch apart from each other. Bake until puffed and golden brown, 50 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [One 16ounce can waterpacked artichokes, drained and chopped, One 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and liquid squeezed out, 4 ounces pecorino, grated, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, One 8by12inch rectangle frozen puff pastry, thawed and unfolded, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying baking sheet], title: Puff Pastry Spinach Artichoke Pinwheels, picturelink: null}, 46897: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring 1 cup of water to a boil in a small saucepan. Meanwhile, in a small castiron skillet if possible, toast the quinoa over moderatelyhigh heat until the grains give off a nutty aroma and start to pop. Pour the quinoa into the boiling water, taking care that the pot doesnt boil over Turn it down to a simmer, cover, and cook until the water is absorbed and the quinoa is tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove it from the heat and allow to cool.nWhisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, 12 rounded teaspoon of salt, pepper and nutmeg.nCombine the parsley, mint, cherry tomatoes, cucumber, peppadews and the cooled cooked quinoa in a large bowl. Pour the dressing over the salad and toss to coat. Taste for seasoning, and let sit for about 5 minutes before you serve. This tastes even better the next daynAnother way to serve it is with the tabbouleh in the center of a platter encircled with endive or romaine leaves to scoop it up., ingredients: [12 cup quinoa red or white, rinsed, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, A pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 3 bunches of fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped about 4 cups, see Cooks Note, 12 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, quartered, 1 English cucumber, diced, Small handful jarred peppadew peppers or roasted red peppers, finely chopped], title: Quinoa Tabbouleh, picturelink: E8RJkucVJ68PyFUMtmtUnG8F2g1NeO}, 46898: {instructions: For the turkey brine: Heat the apple cider, brown sugar, salt, peppercorns, garlic, bay leaves, oranges, shallots, parsley, sage and thyme in a saucepot to dissolve the sugar and salt. Then let the mixture cool completely.nDivide the turkey pieces between two 2 12gallon resealable plastic bags or containers big enough to hold them. Add equal parts of the brine to the two bags. Let rest for several hours in the fridge, preferably overnight.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nRemove the turkey from the brine and pat dry. Rub the skin with oil and sprinkle with pepper. Set the turkey on a metal rack placed over a rimmed baking sheet and cook about 15 minutes per pound, or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers about 165 degrees F. The temperature will go up 5 to 10 degrees as it rests.nFor the glaze: Place a small saucepot over mediumhigh heat. Add the apple cider, turkey stock, maple syrup, butter, peppercorns and orange rind. Bring the mixture to a light simmer and reduce by half. Baste the turkey every now and then during the last half of the cooking time., ingredients: [8 cups goodquality apple cider, 13 cup brown sugar, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 teaspoons peppercorns, 5 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 bay leaves, 2 oranges, sliced, 2 large shallots or medium onions, quartered, A handful fresh parsley leaves, A handful fresh sage leaves, A handful fresh thyme sprigs, 4 bonein skinon turkey legthigh quarters, 2 bonein skinon turkey breasts, about 6 to 7 pounds each, Olive oil, for drizzling, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup goodquality apple cider, 1 cup turkey stock, 23 cup dark amber maple syrup, 6 tablespoons butter, 10 whole black peppercorns, A couple strips orange rind], title: CiderBrined Turkey with MapleCider Glaze, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 46899: {instructions: Special equipment: deepfryer or heavybottomed potnCut the steak in long pieces 14 by 1 12 to 2 inches. Season the steak with salt, pepper and garlic, to taste.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F. Add the fries and fry until golden. Remove them to paper towels to drain.nAdd 18 cup of vegetable oil to a medium skillet over medium heat. Once the oil is hot add the ribeye. After the meat has browned add the onions and cook until they soften. Add the tomato, vinegar and the soy sauce. Pour in the beer and simmer until the vegetables are cooked through. Remove the beef mixture to a serving plate and top with the fries. Garnish with parsley and serve with white rice., ingredients: [12 ounces ribeye steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Garlic, to taste, 18 cup vegetable oil, plus more for deepfrying, Handful precooked French fries, 14 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 14 medium tomato, sliced, 3 to 4 teaspoons vinegar, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 to 2 ounces beer, 2 to 3 pinches chopped parsley leaves, Steamed white rice, for serving], title: Lomo Saltado, picturelink: null}, 46900: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the zucchini, yellow onion, bell pepper, onion, serrano and garlic in bowl of food processor and pulse briefly. The pieces should be small but not minced or soupy. Transfer the vegetable mixture to a large bowl. Halve and pit the avocados. Put 12 an avocado in the food processor and pulse to puree. Dice the remaining 1 12 avocados. To the bowl of vegetables, add the avocado puree, diced avocado, fresh corn, tomatoes, cilantro, lime juice, cold water, and salt and pepper. Mix gently with a large spoon. Taste and adjust the salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and refrigerate until ice cold. Ladle into soup bowls and serve., ingredients: [1 zucchini, coarsely chopped, 1 yellow squash, coarsely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, coarsely chopped, 1 small yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeds removed, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 3 ripe avocados, 1 12 cups fresh corn, cut from 1 or 2 cobs. frozen may be used, but when in season, you cannot beat fresh corn, 13 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves, 12 cup lime juice, 5 to 5 12 cups ice cold water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Avocado Corn Gazpacho, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 46901: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of a large mixer cream the butter until fluffy, then add vanilla and the espresso.nIn a large bowl sift the confectioners sugar then add to it the butter mixture in the mixer and mix well.nIn the same bowl used to sift the sugar, add flour and salt and sift. Add them to the mixer that contains the cream, butter mixture. Turn the mixture out on a floured board and sprinkle the pine nuts on the mixture and mix nuts in well with your hands if dough gets too sticky add a bit more flour to the board and to your hands. When nuts are mixed in, place mixture in a large glass bowl and put in refrigerator for 12 hour to make it easier to roll. Take bowl out of the refrigerator and with your hands pick up walnut sized balls of dough, roll them in your hands and place them in an ungreased cookie sheet.nBake for 20 minutes or until cookies turn a light golden brown. When all of the cookies have been baked place them on a cooling rack overnight. If you are pressed for time 5 hours will do.nIn a large resealable plastic bag place the pound of confectioners sugar this is a bit of overkill but I wanted to have enough powdered sugar for the cookies. Add 6 to 12 cookies at a time and gently toss them in the powdered sugar and then place them on a cooling rack trying not to disturb the sugar coating. Continue until all cookies are coated. Let cookies rest so that the coating really adheres. Now  when you eat one  you will want another and another and anothernMy Dad used to also coat these cookies with raw sugar that he had family ship from Italy, and I have made them that way also. However, people seem to like the powdered sugar more., ingredients: [12 pound salted butter, 1 teaspoon real vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon brewed espresso coffee, 3 heaping tablespoons confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, coarsely chopped, 1 pound confectioners sugar], title: Dads MeltInYourMouth Cookies, picturelink: null}, 46902: {instructions: Using a vegetable peeler, remove the zest from half of 1 orange. Cut the zest into long thin strips set aside. Cut the skin and pith away from the remaining 1 12 oranges. Using a paring knife, carefully cut sections from oranges. Set aside for garnish.nRinse duck well under cold water. Pat dry with paper towel. Remove giblets from cavity and reserve for sauce. Cut off wings and ankle joints. Set aside for sauce. Remove excess fat from the tail cavity and discard. Cut off excess skin from neck and discard. Using a paring knife, make small 14inchdeep incisions on the back of the duck. This will allow for the fat to render during cooking.nHang duck in refrigerator or place on top of wire rack set over a baking sheet for 3 days to dry out the skin.nPeel ginger and cut into thin rounds. Combine ginger, soy sauce, orange zest, garlic, honey, and peppercorns in a medium bowl. Stir to combine. Let stand overnight, refrigerated, and strain through a fine sieve pressing with the back of a wooden spoon to extract all of the liquid. Using a wooden spoon, press solids to remove all of the liquid.nRemove duck from refrigerator and place breast side up in a large shallow pan. Brush duck with half the marinade. Let stand for 20 minutes. Rub duck all over with remaining marinade. Transfer duck to refrigerator and let stand overnight.nHeat oven to 375 degrees F. Fill a roasting pan with 14inch of water and place on lowest oven rack. This will create steam and will catch fat as it is released from the duck during cooking. Arrange oven rack in center of oven. Place duck directly on rack and roast until dark brown and slightly puffed, 1 12 to 2 hours. Remove from oven. Let rest 20 minutes before carving. Serve with peppercorn and orange sauces on the side and the vegetables. Garnish with orange sections.nIn a small saucepan, combine red wine and shallots. Cook over mediumhigh heat until liquid has almost disappeared, 5 to 7 minutes. Just before the sauce has finished reducing, add the peppercorns. Reduce heat to low, add heavy cream, brandy, and duck sauce. Stir to combine, and heat through. Remove from heat. Season with salt and pepper.nYield: about 1 cupnIn a small saucepan, combine orange juice, marmalade, Grand Marnier and vinegar. Cook over medium heat until reduced by half, 8 to 10 minutes. Add duck sauce. Remove from heat. Season with salt and pepper.nYield: 1 13 cupsnHeat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large roasting pan, combine the neck, wings, giblets, celery, carrot, and onion. Transfer to oven and roast until deep brown, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven. Transfer neck, wings, giblets, and vegetables to a medium saucepan.nPlace roasting pan on stove over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 cup wine and deglaze pan, stirring with a wooden spoon to release and browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Set aside.nAdd tomato paste to saucepan with vegetable mixture. Cook over medium heat until paste begins to color, 45 to 60 seconds. Add flour, and cook, stirring constantly to cook the flour, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in remaining 1 cup wine.nAdd deglazing liquid and browned bits from roasting pan. Add chicken stock, and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, and cook until the liquid has reduced by half, 35 to 40 minutes. Strain through a fine sieve into a bowl, discarding solids. There should be about 1 cup of sauce.nYield: 1 cupnBring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil. Add carrots, turnip, and beet, and cook until just tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Add potato, ramp bulbs, and fiddleheads and cook for an additional 2 to 3 minutes.nIn medium saute pan, heat olive oil and butter over medium heat until butter melts. Using a slotted spoon, remove vegetables from stockpot transfer to saute pan. Cook until barely golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Julienne reserved ramp leaves, and stir in. Season with salt and pepper and remove from heat.nYield: 2 to 4 servings, ingredients: [2 oranges, 1 6 to 7pound duck, 1ounce fresh ginger, about 1inch, 1 cup soy sauce, 12 orange, zested, 2 cloves garlic, halved, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 12 teaspoons whole black peppercorns, Green Peppercorn Sauce, recipe follows, Orange Sauce, recipe follows, Sauteed Vegetables, recipe follows, 1 cup dry red wine, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon green peppercorns in brine, drained and crushed, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon brandy, 12 cup Basic Duck Sauce, recipe follows, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons orange Marmalade, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 cup Basic Duck Sauce, recipe follows, Coarse salt, Freshly ground pepper, Reserved duck neck, wings, and giblets from 1 6 to 7pound duck, 3 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 1 carrot, peeled, coarsely chopped, 1 onion, skin on, coarsely chopped, 2 cups dry red wine, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups homemade or low sodium canned chicken stock, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 small carrots, peeled, halved crosswise and lengthwise, 1 baby turnip, trimmed, halved, 1 small yellow beet, ends trimmed, peeled, and cut into quarters, 1 small purple potato, washed, and cut into quarters, 1 bunch ramps, trimmed, reserving 2 leaves, 5 to 7 fiddlehead ferns, washed, and ends trimmed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Four Seasons Duck, picturelink: null}, 46903: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the onion filling:nIn a large saute pan, cook the onions with salt in 2 tablespoons olive oil over mediumlow heat until very soft and caramelized, about 30 minutes. Add the minced garlic and thyme and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Season the onions with salt, and pepper, to taste. Cooks Note: Slightly under salt to account for the salt from the anchovies and olives.nTo assemble:nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nStretch the dough into a long rectangle and place on a greased baking sheet. It should almost fit the size of the baking sheet. Spread the onion mixture on the dough, leaving a small border. Arrange the anchovies and olives decoratively over the onions. Brush the exposed dough with the remaining olive oil and bake in the hot oven until golden and cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [6 medium onions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves or 3 teaspoon dried thyme, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 anchovies, packed in oil, 16 olives, pitted recommended: nicoise, 1 pound fresh pizza dough], title: Pissaladiere, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 46904: {instructions: If using regular yogurt, place it in a strainer lined with paper towel and set the strainer over a bowl. Let the yogurt drain and thicken for 20 minutes.nCombine thickened or Greekstyle yogurt, mayonnaise, horseradish and salt and pepper in a small bowl and stir to incorporate.nPlace 14 cup watercress each on 4 slices of bread and drizzle with 2 tablespoons horseradish mayonnaise. Layer with 3 ounces roast beef per sandwich, tomato slices and onion slices. Top with another slice of bread and wrap in waxed paper, then aluminum foil., ingredients: [14 cup nonfat Greek style yogurt or 13 cup regular, plain nonfat yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 14 cup prepared white horseradish, squeezed of excess juice about 3 tablespoons, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 1 bunch watercress, thick stems removed, 8 slices wholegrain pumpernickel bread, 12 ounces lean roast beef, thinly sliced, 2 medium tomatoes sliced, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced], title: Roast Beef Sandwich with Watercress and Horseradish Mayonnaise, picturelink: oA8N2Wq4wPeVW4F5.XadELeoizlDiq}, 46905: {instructions: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh.nDrizzle each fig half with vinegar and fill each fig center with 1 tablespoon of the cheese. Sprinkle a couple flakes of crushed red pepper on top of the cheese and wrap each fig with a slice of prosciutto. Paint the outside of each fig very lightly with olive oil.nPut the figs on the grill. The idea here is that we want to grill the figs gently to cook the fig all the way through but to still get the char on the outside. Grill the figs on all sides so the prosciutto is starting to become crispy and the fig feels soft when squeezed, 5 to 6 minutes.nDrizzle a couple of drops of balsamic on each and serve. Its figgy delicious, ingredients: [24 Black Mission figs, cut in half lengthwise, 2 cups balsamic vinegar, 2 pounds gorgonzola dolce, Crushed red pepper flakes, 48 slices prosciutto, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled Prosciutto Wrapped Figs Stuffed with Gorgonzola Dolce, picturelink: yJ4fUdgyBGj4buJpqhXXryAhF0Pu1BC}, 46906: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Heat oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F.nDrop corn tortillas 1 at a time into hot oil. Fry until the tortilla turns golden brown, about a minute. Remove the tortillas with tongs or a slotted spoon and drain on a wire rack set over a shallow pan or paper towel lined plate.nTransfer the tortillas to a baking sheet. Sprinkle a layer of half the shredded Cheddar on top of the tortillas. Set aside the remaining cheese. Add a layer of heated pinto beans onto the cheese. Add the shredded brisket on top of the pinto beans. Top with Monterey jack and remaining Cheddar. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 to 2 minutes, or until cheese is melted. Remove from oven to a cutting board and cut each tortilla into quarters.nArrange the nachos in a circle on a platter. Add the lettuce and tomatoes to center of the nacho circle. Serve immediately with sour cream, guacamole, salsa and sliced jalapenos., ingredients: [4 cups canola or other vegetable oil, 9 corn tortillas, 2 cups shredded Cheddar, 1 12 cups pinto beans, warm, 1 cup cooked shredded brisket, 1 cup shredded Monterey jack, 1 12 cups shredded lettuce, 1 12 cups diced tomatoes, Sour cream, Guacamole, Salsa, Sliced jalapenos], title: Brisket Nachos, picturelink: null}, 46907: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut off the bottoms and stems of the eggplants. Peel them using a vegetable peeler and slice them into 12inch slices.nIn a heavy bottomed pan heat some olive oil and fry the eggplant slices for about 4 to 5 minutes if you prefer a healthier version of the dish, you can grill the eggplants. Place the cooked slices on some paper towels to drain any excess oil.nIn a large bowl combine the butter, freshly grated Parmesan, and salt, to taste. Add the roughly shredded fresh basil leaves.nPlace the angel hair pasta or spaghetti into a pan of boiling water, bring back to the boil and cook until al dente. Drain.nAdd the cooked pasta into the big bowl with the butter mixture and combine.nTake a small portion of the pasta and place it on top of an eggplant slice. Roll the eggplant around the pasta and place it in an ovenproof dish. Repeat this process with all the eggplants slices.nPour some pureed tomato sauce, or passata, over the eggplant rolls. Place slices of cacioavallo on the top. Finally cover the dish with more freshly grated Parmesan.nPlace the dish in oven for around 20 minutes, or until sauce is bubbly., ingredients: [3 eggplants, 2 cups olive oil, to fry the eggplants, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Pinch sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 fresh basil leaves, roughly shredded, 14 pound angel hair pasta, or spaghetti, 1 cup tomato sauce, or passata, 1 clove garlic, 2 tablespoons caciocavallo cheese], title: Involtine di Melanzane con Capelli dAngelo, picturelink: 9rwkJGwrcOkdoJJyxb4Bu5DvQPt2oBC}, 46908: {instructions: Put the broth, ginger, roughly chopped scallions and 2 cups water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cover the pan, lower the heat so the soup just simmers and cook for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Put the sliced scallions, watercress, tomatoes, avocados and cucumbers in separate small bowls and set aside.nStir the edamame into the boiling water and cook for 1 minute. Add the soba noodles to the pot with the edamame and cook until the noodles no longer have a hard, chalky bite but are still springy, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain the noodles and edamame in a colander shake to remove as much water as possible. Divide among 4 soup bowls.nRemove the broth from the heat and stir in the sherry and soy sauce. Ladle the hot broth over the noodles. Serve with the sliced scallions, watercress, tomatoes, avocadoes, cucumbers and chili garlic sauce for topping., ingredients: [8 cups chicken broth, 2 teaspoons grated ginger, 6 scallions, 4 roughly chopped, 2 thinly sliced on the bias, 1 cup small sprigs watercress, thick stems trimmed, 12 cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 avocado, diced, 12 English cucumber, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced into halfmoons, 1 12 cups frozen edamame, One 9.5ounce package buckwheat soba noodles, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 14 cup chili garlic sauce, for serving], title: Gingered Chicken Soup with Soba and Vegetables, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 46909: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. In a blender, finely grind the first 7 ingredients in a blender or food processor. Add garlic and whirl to form a paste. Rub seasoning paste all over tenderloin. Set meat on rack in a 12 by 17inch roasting pan. Roast in a 425 degree oven for 20 minutes. If using buffalo, do not cook beyond rare or it will start to dry out. Meanwhile, rinse canned chipoltes, discard seeds and veins and mince. Mix onion slices with oil and put in roasting pan around meat not on rack. Continue to cook until a thermometer inserted in center of the thickest part of meat registers 130 degrees for rare, 30 to 40 minutes longer. Transfer roast to a platter and let rest in a warm place for 10 to 15 minutes to allow juices to settle and meat to firm slightly for neater slicing. Skim and discard excess fat from drippings in roasting pan. Add back the chipoltes and onions to pan. Set pan over mediumhigh and deglaze with the stockwine mixture, cranberry sauce or chopped dried tart cherries if using scraping browned bits free, stirring until mixture is reduced to desired consistency. Sauce may be served as is or pureed and strained. Slice meat and offer chipolteonion sauce to spoon over portions. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon juniper berries, 1 tablespoon coriander seed, 1 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano, 1 12 teaspoons black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 whole allspice, 1 12 tablespoons chopped pecans, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 buffalo or beef tenderloin, 4 to 5 pounds, fat trimmed, rolled, and tied, 1 can chipolte chiles, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon oil, 2 cups buffalo stock or Demiglace or beef broth plus 12 cup red wine, 3 to 4 fresh sage leaves, chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste, 12 cup whole cranberry sauce or chopped dried tart cherries can be added for a sweeter flavor jus optional], title: Crusted Buffalo Tenderloin with Chipolte Onions, picturelink: null}, 46910: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nIn a large ovensafe saute pan over high heat, heat the olive oil until oil ripples. Season pork chops on both sides with salt and pepper and crushed red pepper flakes. Sear the chops, presentation side down, until browned. Then flip and cook until the other side is browned. If the chops are more than 2 inches thick, sear them on the sides as well, using tongs to hold them.nOnce a uniform sear is achieved, remove the pan from the heat and pour the syrup over the chops. Cook in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until firm to the touch. A meat thermometer should register 150 degrees F.nWhen fully cooked, remove the pan from oven and place it over a burner on high heat for a minute to thicken the glaze. Flip the chops so they are evenly coated and serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 2 12 to 16ounce bonein pork loin chops, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pinches crushed red pepper flakes, 1 cup maple syrup], title: Glazed Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 46911: {instructions: Mix all ingredients, stir and serve., ingredients: [2 ounces ice, 1 34 ounces vodka recommended: Triple Eight, 6 12 ounces cranberry juice], title: The Cape Codder, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 46912: {instructions: Special equipment: a stand mixernPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9by13inch baking pan with cooking spray.nPrepare the cake according to the directions on the box and pour it into the prepared pan. Set aside.nCombine the ricotta, sugar, vanilla, eggs and 4 ounces 12 cup of the mascarpone in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula as needed. Gently scoop the filling onto the cake batter and cover it completely.nBake until a skewer inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean and the strawberry layer has risen to the top, 50 to 60 minutes. Cool completely on a rack.nCombine the remaining 12 ounces mascarpone with the pudding mix and milk in a clean bowl in the stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat on low speed until incorporated. Increase the speed to medium and beat until smooth and creamy. Spread the frosting evenly over the cake. Serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for the baking pan, 1 box strawberry cake mix plus ingredients indicated on the box, such as eggs and vegetable oil, 32 ounces partskim ricotta cheese, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, 16 ounces mascarpone, One 3.4ounce box instant strawberry creme pudding, 1 cup milk], title: Strawberry Love Cake, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 46913: {instructions: 1 Mix the ground chicken with green onions and garlic. Cover with foil and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, but up to 24 hours.n2 When you are ready to eat: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Wet your hands with cool water and gather 18 of the chicken mixture. Shape it into a sort of nest and place one heaping tablespoon of blue cheese into the center, then cover with 18 more chicken and shape into a patty. Repeat with the remaining chicken. You will have 4 burgers. They can be placed back into the fridge for up to a day in which case, turn the oven off, or cook immediately. Drizzle a scant amount of veg oil over both sides of the burgers and a light sprinkle of salt then line a baking tray with foil and bake for 15 minutes, douse both sides with Buffalo sauce and flip the burgers. Continue to bake for 15 more minutes. Remove from the oven and allow the burgers to rest for 510 minutes before serving.nServe on soft hamburger buns with shredded lettuce and Ranch dressing. Makes 4 burgers, ingredients: [1 and 12 pounds lean, ground chicken, 3 large green onions, white and light green part only, roughly chopped, 1 fat clove garlic, minced or pressed, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, Prepared Ranch dressing, Salt, Bottled Buffalo sauce whichever brand you prefer, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Blue Cheese Stuffed Buffalo Chicken Burger, picturelink: 4Ga74k55k4b7pu2NPzEJ37sTDOsWS0y}, 46914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and adjust the rack to the center of the oven. Spray a 9inch cake pan generously with nonstick spray.nCombine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt and lemon zest together in a bowl and whisk until blended.nAdd the eggs and both sugars to the bowl of a standing mixer and beat until smooth, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the oil, honey and sour cream into the egg mixture and beat until combined, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the dry ingredients in increments until blended. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack for 30 minutes before using a paring knife to loosen the cake from the sides of the pan, and removing to a cake plate.nUse a toothpick to poke holes into the cake, and then lightly drizzle with about half of the Honey Lemon Syrup. Serve with fresh berries and whipped cream and a little extra honey syrup.nAdd honey, 1 cup water and the lemon zest to a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Stir and lightly simmer for 25 minutes.nSqueeze in the lemon juice, and then remove from the heat. Remove the lemon zest and cool completely before using., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup yellow cornmeal, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 4 large eggs, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup honey, 14 cup sour cream, Honey Lemon Syrup, recipe follows, Fresh berries blackberries and raspberries, for serving, optional, Whipped cream, for serving, optional, 1 cup honey, Two 3inch strips lemon zest, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Olive Oil Honey Cake, picturelink: 8fbA5OMk.s7nW6Iq6.66qNHXslnVu}, 46915: {instructions: Blend flour, shortening, sugar, salt, grated lemon peel, and the lightly beaten eggs. Add milk as required, roll 12inch thick, and line pie pan.nMix the applesauce with the cinnamon and cloves, spread over dough in pie pan, and top with dough rolled to 12inch thickness. Bake 1 hour in moderate 375 degree F oven. Serve in deep dish with whipped cream., ingredients: [4 cups flour, 2 cups 1 pound shortening, 1 cup sugar, 1 pinch salt, Grated peel of 1 lemon, 4 eggs, Milk as needed to make dough of a consistency to roll, 1 No. 3 can about 5 24 cups applesauce, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 pinch ground cloves, Whipped cream], title: Apple Cake, picturelink: null}, 46916: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThread the sliced cube steak strips onto the skewers.nIn a baking dish whisk together the egg, buttermilk and hot sauce. In a second baking dish combine the flour, semolina flour, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, cayenne, salt and pepper.nHeat the canola oil in a medium pot over mediumhigh heat to 350 degrees F.nDredge the beef skewers in the flour mixture and shake off excess so they are lightly dusted. Dip them in the buttermilk and egg mixture coating both sides, then put back in flour mixture making sure to coat completely.nWorking batches of 6 fry the skewers in hot oil until the coating is golden brown and crispy, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels to drain. The skewers can be held in a preheated 250 degree F oven while frying the remaining skewers. Arrange the skewers on a serving platter and serve the sauce.nWhisk all of the sauce ingredients in a small bowl until smooth., ingredients: [1 pound cube steak, sliced into 1inch wide strips, 18 12inch bamboo skewers, 1 egg, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup semolina flour or cornmeal, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups canola oil, 1 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon horseradish, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Chicken Fried Steak on Stick with Whatsthishere Sauce, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 46917: {instructions: Pulse the chocolate in a food processor until finely chopped transfer to a bowl. Add the hazelnuts to the food processor and pulse until finely chopped transfer to the bowl with the chocolate.nWhisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the flour mixture and chocolate and hazelnuts, then increase the speed to medium high and beat until combined.nDivide the dough between 2 sheets of parchment paper roll each into a 1by9inch log, using the parchment to help you. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Unwrap the logs and slice into 14inchthick rounds arrange 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Sprinkle with coarse sugar. Bake until set, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, broken into pieces, 12 cup blanched hazelnuts, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Coarse sugar, for decorating], title: Dark ChocolateHazelnut Sables, picturelink: inTnnXZLU2tVxW.cpT2fn0ul0jkOSzm}, 46918: {instructions: Special equipment: meat grinder, spice grindernDice the wild boar meat and fatback into cubes that will easily fit into a meat grinder. Partially freeze the meat and fatback to facilitate grinding, about 1 hour.nWhile your meat is freezing, toast the fennel seeds, anise seeds, and peppercorns in a dry pan on the stovetop until fragrant, and grind them in a spice grinder. Mix the ground fennel seeds, anise seeds and peppercorns with the sage, thyme, salt, paprika, cayenne, garlic and citrus zests in a large bowl.nWhen the meat and fatback are almost frozen, remove them from the freezer, and mix them with the other ingredients. Grind everything together through a mediumsize die. Add a couple ice cubes at the end of the grinding to push out the last bit of meat in your grinder. Mix the meat vigorously in a stand mixer for a few minutes until the whole batch is very sticky. Pump the mixture into the sausage casings, and twist to create links of your preferred size 8 inches is ideal., ingredients: [3 13 pounds wild boar meat, 34 pound fatback, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 2 teaspoons anise seeds, 2 teaspoons mixedcolor peppercorns, 14 cup fresh sage leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 24 grams sea salt, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 5 cloves garlic, Zest of 1 lemon, Zest of 1 lime, Zest of 1 orange, 1 length of fresh hog casing], title: Wild Boar Floridian Sausage, picturelink: NbInJ2kkQ6X8lGNBKj8hADurzDLigcy}, 46919: {instructions: Remove the zest of the lemon with a vegetable peeler in fat strips and toss it in a bowl. Add the salt, sugar, white peppercorns, and dill rub all the ingredients together with your hands to release the oils in the zest and dill. Lay the fish out on a large sheet pan or glass baking dish. Pack the salt mixture on top of and around the salmon. Cover with another sheet pan and place a brick or heavy can weight on top to press out the moisture from the salmon. Refrigerate for 24 to 36 hours to cure the fish. Scrape the salt mixture off the salmon and lightly rinse the fish under cool water pat dry with paper towels. The cured salmon will be firm but pliable.nTo set up the presentation, lay the salmon on a large wooden cutting board. The whole fish looks great as a center piece on the table, so only slice a quarter of the gravlax at a time. With a very sharp knife slice the salmon New York Delistyle paperthin on a slight angle. Serve the cured salmon with the blini, the dill creme fraiche, and radishlime salsa on the side. This is an interactive hors doeuvre: let your friends attack it, then slice more as needed.nTo prepare the blini, in a large bowl, proof the yeast in the warm milk for 10 minutes, stirring to dissolve. In another large bowl, sift the allpurpose flour, buckwheat flour, salt, and sugar together. Make a well in the center and pour in the yeast mixture, melted butter, and egg yolks reserve the whites and whisk until smooth. Cover with a towel and let it rise in a warm place for 1 12 hours.nJust before you are ready to cook the blini, beat the egg whites until stiff, then fold them into the batter. Place a griddle or nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and brush it with a little melted butter. Pour 1 tablespoon of the batter into the pan, to make pancakes about 3 inches in diameter. Cook for about 30 seconds, then flip them over with a spatula and cook another 30 seconds. Stack the blini on a platter and wrap them in a cloth napkin to keep them warm.nMix all ingredients together in a bowl until combined.nYield: 34 cupnPut all the salsa ingredients in a food processor and pulse 5 times to combine. Put it in a bowl and serve.nYield: 2 12 cups, ingredients: [1 lemon, zested, 2 cups coarse sea salt, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon whole white peppercorns, 12 bunch fresh dill, 2 pound side salmon, 1inch thick, pin bones removed, skin on, 1 package active dry yeast, 1 12 cups warm milk 108 to 110 degrees F, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup buckwheat flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup melted unsalted butter, plus more for sauteing, 3 large eggs, separated, 1 recipe Dill Creme Fraiche, recipe follows, 1 recipe Radishlime salsa, recipe follows, 12 cup creme fraiche, 12 bunch fresh dill, leaves coarsely chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 bunch radishes, coarsely chopped, 1 tomato, coarsely chopped, 12 red onion, coarsely chopped, 12 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 lime, juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Salmon Gravlax with Buckwheat Blini, picturelink: null}, 46920: {instructions: Add the olive oil to a large, highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, add the onion, yellow squash, and zucchini and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cranberries and chicken broth and bring to a boil. Stir in the couscous, cover with a tight fitting lid, turn off the heat, and let sit for 10 minutes.nRemove the cover and fluff with a fork. The couscous can be served hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 yellow squash, thinly sliced, 1 zucchini, thinly sliced, 12 cup dried cranberries, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 12 cups couscous], title: Veggie Couscous, picturelink: dHm79ltzQCdP40DDB75ePjQLys.p.a}, 46921: {instructions: For the tea syrup: Bring the water and sugar to a boil in a small saucepot. Remove from the heat and add the tea bags. Steep for 10 minutes. Remove the tea bags and let the tea syrup cool completely.nFor the shaved ice: In a blender, combine the ice, water, lemon juice, limoncello if using, and all of the tea syrup. Puree until smooth.nPour the tea ice into tumblers, and garnish with a lemon wheel and a mint sprig., ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 6 black tea bags, 8 cups ice, 1 12 cups water, 3 lemons, 2 juiced and 1 cut into wheels, 1 or 2 shots 3 ounces limoncello, optional, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Shaved Sweet Tea Ice, picturelink: null}, 46922: {instructions: Place mussels in a large pot. Add 1 12 cups water. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Steam for 3 minutes. Add wine and bay leaf. Steam for 3 minutes more. Add onion and celery and steam until all the mussels open, about 1 minute more. Remove from heat and add butter. Toss until butter melts. Transfer to a serving dish. Sprinkle with parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 14 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 1 12 cups water, 1 cup dry white wine or Belgian beer, 1 bay leaf, preferably fresh, 1 small Spanish onion, thinly sliced, 1 rib celery, cut into 14inch dice about 12 cup, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Mariniere Mussel Pot, picturelink: null}, 46923: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Have ready 2 ungreased baking sheets. In a medium bowl, gently whisk together the flour, salt, and baking soda. Set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer, using the paddle attachment beat the butter at medium high speed until creamy, about 1 minute. Gradually add the granulated and light brown sugar and beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the vanilla extract and eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary. At low speed, add the dry ingredients in 3 additions, mixing just until blended. Add the bittersweet chocolate, peanut butter chips and macadamia nuts and mix just until blended.nDrop the dough by scant 14 cup measures onto the baking sheets, spacing them 3 inches apart. Bake for 11 to 13 minutes, until light brown on the edges. Transfer to wire racks and cool completely., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butterslightly softened, 34 cup granulated sugar, 23 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 3 3ounce bars bittersweet chocolate, cut into 14 inch chunks, 1 cup 6 ounces peanut butter chips, 1 cup unsalted macadamia nuts, coarsely chopped], title: Chocolate Macadamia Peanut Butter Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 46924: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTrim the sides of the eggplant and slice lengthwise into 4 large thin steaks or eggplant cutlets, 14inch thick. Salt the eggplant on both sides and drain on a towel for 20 minutes, turning occasionally.nIn a shallow dish combine the juice of 1 lemon with the vinegar and Dijon. Whisk in 3 tablespoons olive oil, and season the dressing with pepper. Pat the eggplant dry and turn in the dressing, and cover and chill at least 4 hours or overnight.nChar the peppers evenly over a flame or under the broiler to blacken the skins all over. Cover and cool to handle. Wipe off the skins, seed and slice the peppers into long strips. Combine the peppers with the capers, thyme, chopped garlic, a drizzle of olive oil and some salt and pepper.nIn a shallow dish combine the breadcrumbs with the granulated garlic, onion and nutmeg. Mix in the grated parm and parsley. Remove the eggplant and press to coat in breadcrumbs.nHeat 12inch of frying oil in a large skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Fry the eggplant until crispy and deeply golden, 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Serve with the lemon wedges and side of peppers.nGet Rachaels shopping list for this episodes recipes here., ingredients: [1 large firm eggplant, Salt, 2 lemons, 1 juiced and 1 cut into wedges, 2 tablespoons white wine or cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus some for drizzling, Black pepper, 3 large field or bell red peppers, 3 tablespoons capers, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 large clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 cups breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, About 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 3 tablespoons grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, Oil, for shallow frying], title: Eggplant Schnitzel and Roasted Peppers, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 46925: {instructions: Fill a Collins glass with ice. Add the Aperol, prosecco and Angostura bitters and top off with club soda. Garnish with orange zest and serve., ingredients: [2 ounces Aperol, 2 ounces prosecco, 3 dashes Angostura bitters, Club soda, to top, Finely grated orange zest, for garnish], title: The Bitter Truth, picturelink: null}, 46926: {instructions: Place raisins in a small bowl with rum and soak for a couple of hours. Drain raisins and reserve soaking liquid.nPlace bread pieces in a 9 by 12inch baking dish. Add raisins to dish. In a large bowl, combine the milk, eggs, butter, cinnamon, vanilla, heavy cream, sugar, brown sugar, molasses, lemon zest, and salt, and mix well to ensure the sugar has been dissolved. Add the reserved raisin soaking liquid to the milk mixture and pour over bread. Let sit until bread has soaked up all of the milk mixture for at least 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace baking dish in another large pan and add water about halfway up the sides of the baking dish. Bake for 1 hour or until bread pudding has set. Remove bread pudding from oven and let cool to just warm.nCombine sugar, evaporated milk, margarine, egg and yolks in the top of a double boiler and cook, stirring well, until thick. Do not let sauce boil. Keep warm until serving time. Whisk in rum just before serving. Serve bread pudding with sauce., ingredients: [1 cup raisins, 14 cup dark rum recommended: Myerss, 1 12 loaves stale French or Italian bread, torn into pieces, 3 cups milk, 3 eggs, slightly beaten, 12 cup butter, melted, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream or 1 cup evaporated milk, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 5 ounces evaporated milk, 4 tablespoons margarine, 1 egg, beaten, 2 egg yolks, beaten, 3 tablespoons dark rum recommended: Myerss], title: Steves Killer Bread Pudding, picturelink: REtMSDcHoky8U6nGRirN65FREFzbFe}, 46927: {instructions: For Crab Mouse: Chop finely the scallops and mix with the crabmeat in ice bowl. Saute, and add bechamel. Hold warm.nFor Vegetables: Cut the vegetables in small cubes. Panfry them quickly in butter, until al dente.nFor Sauce: Reduce lobster stock by 12. Add lobster butter, cream and 1 tablespoon butter. Assembly: In the middle of the plate place 1 ravioli pasta. Add crab mousse in the middle. Cover with other ravioli pasta and heat on salamander. Add chopped chives and salt and pepper to the sauce and cover the ravioli. Serve with vegetables. Finish with fried lotus root and chives., ingredients: [10 ounces crab meat, 5 ounces fresh scallops, 4 ounces bechamel, 1 tablespoon carrots, in cubes, 1 tablespoon celery, in cubes, 1 tablespoon leeks, in cubes, 1 tablespoon daikon, in cubes, Butter, to fry, 1 cup lobster stock, 1 tablespoon lobster butter, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoon cream, Chopped chives, Salt, pepper, Ravioli pasta cooked al dente, Lotus root, sliced and fried, Chives], title: Crab Big Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 46928: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Fill a large bowl with ice water.nTrim the broccoli into florets. When the water boils, add the florets and a big pinch of salt. Cook until the broccoli is just tender, about 3 minutes. Drain and plunge the florets into the ice water to stop the cooking. When they are thoroughly chilled, drain, and spread them out onto a paper towel lined sheet pan to dry.nIn a small bowl, mix together the yogurt, cream cheese, and onion soup mix. Transfer the yogurt mixture to a large resealable plastic bag. Arrange the broccoli, on a serving platter, cut sides down, so that they form a domed pielike appearance. Cut the tip off the corner of the bag and pipe a latticework design over the broccoli. Garnish with the cherry tomatoes and serve., ingredients: [2 heads broccoli, Kosher salt, 1 cup plain Greek yogurt, 8 ounces lowfat or light cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon onion soup mix, 12 small cherry tomatoes, for garnish], title: Broccoli Pie, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 46929: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat bottom and sides of a 13 by 9inch baking dish with butter.nArrange the bacon on an aluminum foil lined sheet pan and bake until crisp, about 22 minutes. Allow to cool and coarsely chop.nPut the chicken and beer in a large bowl and let marinate, at room temperature, for 20 minutes.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the macaroni and cook stirring occasionally, until cooked al dente, about 6 to 7 minutes. Drain and reserve in a large pot or mixing bowl.nMelt 12 cup butter in a large saucepan over medium heat whisk in the garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until golden. Whisk in 13 cup flour and cook until golden, about 1 minute. Whisk in 3 cups milk, the salt and the pepper, and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring frequently. Add 2 cups of the Cheddar and 2 cups of the mozzarella reserving additional cheese for topping and stir until melted, about 2 minutes.nStir the cheese sauce, blue cheese and bacon into the macaroni until well combined pour evenly into the prepared baking dish and smooth the surface.nPut the remaining 1 cup of flour in a mediumsized shallow mixing bowl. In another mediumsized shallow mixing bowl, add the remaining 2 tablespoons milk and the egg and whisk until combined. Drain the beer from the chicken tenderloins and dip into the flour to coat well, then dip into the egg mixture and back into the flour. Put on a plate until ready to fry.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Working in 2 batches, fry the chicken until golden brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Remove to paper towels to drain. Add the chicken and hot sauce to a large bowl and toss until well coated. Carefully slice the chicken into bitesized strips. Avoid knocking off the batter.nEvenly top the macaroni with the sliced chicken, and drizzle with additional hot sauce, if desired. Sprinkle remaining 1 cup of white Cheddar and the remaining 1 cup of mozzarella cheese over the top of the chicken and sprinkle with the panko bread crumbs. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and drizzle it evenly over the bread crumbs. Bake at 400 degrees F until golden brown and bubbly, about 25 to 30 minutes.nCool 10 minutes before serving. Serve with celery and carrot sticks, if desired., ingredients: [34 pound applewood smoked bacon, 1 pound chicken tenderloins, 12 cup beer, 1 pound dry elbow macaroni, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons, plus more for baking dish, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 13 cup allpurpose flour, plus 1 cup, 3 cups whole milk, plus 2 tablespoons, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups grated white Cheddar, divided, 3 cups grated mozzarella cheese, divided, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 1 large egg, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 23 cup hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, Sliced carrots and celery, for serving], title: Buffalo Chicken Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: ZSq26cgzxonaC.V32dl8T3.95I4Tuh6}, 46930: {instructions: Place the cola, juice, vodka and 6 cups ice in a blender and blend until frosty. I use a wooden spoon to move the ice around a bit so it blends evenly.nAdd a glug of cherry juice to the bottom of two glasses. Top with the cola slushies, then pour a little more cherry juice over the top. Place a cherry or two on top and serve, ingredients: [1 12 cups cherry cola, Maraschino cherries, for topping, plus 14 cup cherry juice, plus extra for drizzling, 14 cup cherry vodka], title: Boozy Cherry Cola Slushies, picturelink: VEs7zeCVH9jt9pFEmf5jOWw2a3EI0Hi}, 46931: {instructions: Noodles: Soften in water according to directions on package  normally 30 to 45 minutes in cool water. Drain and set aside.nPad Thai: Heat wok over high heat, add 2 tablespoons of the oil. When the oil is shimmering, add the basil and fry until crisp. Transfer the basil to a paper towel. Meanwhile, add 1 tablespoon of oil to wok, then add shrimp and tofu and stirfry until the shrimp begins to become opaque, about 2 minutes. Add the eggs and scramble quickly. Transfer the mixture to a plate and wipe out the wok with a clean, dry cloth.nHeat the wok and add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil. When the oil is hot, add the garlic and habenero pepper and cook for 20 seconds. Add the fish sauce and brown sugar and heat through. Add the noodles and toss until the noodles have absorbed most of the sauce. Add peanuts, bean sprouts and reserved tofu, shrimp, and eggs and toss.nTransfer mixture on a serving platter. Garnish with lime, basil and mint., ingredients: [8 ounces flat rice noodles, Olive oil, 4 ounces basil leaves left as whole, stems removed, 1 pound, peeled and deveined shrimp, 4 ounces firm tofu, cubed, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon habenero pepper, minced, 12 cup fish sauce, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons, finely chopped lightly salted peanuts, 12 cup bean sprouts, 1 cup mint leaves, 2 limes, cut into wedges], title: Shrimp Pad Thai, picturelink: null}, 46932: {instructions: For the chimichurri: While the steak rests, place the cilantro leaves, onion, remaining 4 cloves garlic, juice of 1 lime, and remaining 13 cup vinegar to a blender and puree until combined. With the blender on low speed, drizzle in the remaining 14 cup olive oil in a slow stream. Remove the sauce from the blender and stir in the red pepper flakes and salt, to taste.nFor the chipotle cream: Combine the sour cream, chipotle pepper, adobo sauce, juice of 12 lime, and pinch of salt.nPlace the steak, 3 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons each olive oil and vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper, and Dijon mustard in a resealable bag. Rub the ingredients into the meat and place in the refrigerator to marinate for 2 hours.nAfter 2 hours, remove the meat from the bag and pat dry to remove any excess moisture. Lightly season both sides with salt and pepper. Set aside.nSpray an indoor, stovetop grill with nonstick cooking spray and preheat on mediumhigh heat. Place the steak on the preheated grill and grill about 6 minutes on each side for medium rare. After grilling the steak, cover with tented foil and allow to rest for 10 minutes, before thinly slicing across the grain.nTo serve, top each warm tortilla with some mixed greens and sliced steak. Drizzle with the chimichurri and chipotle cream.nServings: 4 to 6 tacos, ingredients: [1 small bunch fresh cilantro, leaves picked, 12 medium yellow onion, Juice of 1 12 limes, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 ounces sour cream, 1 large chipotle pepper in adobo, finely diced, plus 1 tablespoon adobo sauce, Mixed greens, 6 small fajitasize flour tortillas, warmed, 1 pound skirt or flank steak, 7 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 13 cup, plus 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Steak Tacos with Chipotle Cream and Chimichurri, picturelink: null}, 46933: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large roasting pan with cooking spray.nSeason chicken all over with salt and black pepper. Arrange chicken in prepared pan and set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine apricot preserves, soy sauce and liquid smoke. Mix until blended. Pour mixture over chicken.nRoast 35 minutes, until chicken is cooked through. Serve 4 chicken breast halves with this meal and refrigerate remaining chicken until ready to use or freeze up to 3 months. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 10 5ounce skinless chicken breast halves with bone, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 12 cups apricot preserves, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon liquid smoke, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Roasted Chicken with Smokey Apricot Sauce, picturelink: null}, 46934: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to boil, season it liberally with sea salt. Fill a large bowl with ice water.nAdd the basil to the boiling water for 30 seconds or so and transfer to the ice bath. Drain and dry the basil in a salad spinner or on clean kitchen towels.nPlace the EVOO in the food processor and add the basil, ParmigianoReggiano, PecorinoRomano, pine nuts, lemon juice, garlic and some salt and pepper. Pulse process into a fine sauce. Store in an airtight container. Freeze or refrigerate to store for a makeahead meal. Bring to room temperature to prepare.nTo serve, bring a large pot of water to a boil, salt the water and cook the pasta to al dente. Reserve a cup of the salty cooking water just before draining the pasta.nPlace the pesto in serving bowl. Add the starchy water and stir to combine, then add the pasta and toss 1 to 2 minutes to coat evenly. Adjust the seasoning and serve., ingredients: [Sea salt, 4 cups packed fresh basil tops 2 bunches, 12 cup EVOO, 13 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 13 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 14 cup pine nuts, lightly toasted, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 large cloves garlic, pasted or grated, Pepper, 1 pound spaghetti], title: True Ligurian Pesto with Spaghetti, picturelink: gwFJ5g.GesysujE1yq8JZEy.C3Jfb6}, 46935: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a mini cupcake or muffin pan with 24 mini cupcake liners or a regularsize cupcake or muffin pan with 9 cupcake liners.nSift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt into a mediumsize bowl. Set the bowl aside.nIn the bowl of an electric stand mixer, with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar together, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, and then add the vanilla and one egg at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition. Turn the mixer to the lowest speed, and add the flour mixture and sour cream, alternating between the 2, beginning and ending with the flour.nMix the cinnamon and brown sugar together in a small bowl and fold by hand into the batter. Do not fully mix into the batter, it should be swirled in.nFill 24 mini cupcake liners 12full with batter and bake for 30 minutes or fill 9 regularsize cupcakes 34full with batter and bake for 32 minutes, or until golden and baked through. Cool the cupcakes completely.nTo assemble: Generously frost the top of each cupcake with the maple cream cheese mixture. Chop the mapleglazed turkey bacon into a fine dice and divide evenly among the cupcakes, sprinkle over the frosting. Sprinkle the maple sugar on top of the bacon to resemble sand.nWhip the cream cheese and maple butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment until fully incorporated. Fold in, by hand, the jelly and fresh strawberries. Put the frosting into a pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip.nCook the bacon on the stove top in 2 nonstick skillets coated with olive oil spray, over medium heat, turning once, making sure the bacon is fully cooked. Turn the heat down and divide the maple syrup between the 2 skillets, drizzle the syrup over the bacon. Continue to cook, turning the bacon often, watching closely that the syrup does not burn. You want the bacon to be coated with the syrup and caramelized, but not soggy. Let cool., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces salted butter, 1 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups sour cream, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup brown sugar, loosely packed, Maple Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, MapleGlazed Turkey Bacon, recipe follows, 1 pound cream cheese, 4 tablespoons maple butter or creamed honey, 4ounces strawberry jelly, 14 cup fresh strawberries, hulled, and finely diced, MapleGlazed Turkey Bacon, recipe follows, 1 12ounce package turkey bacon, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 cup maple sugar], title: Cinnamon Swirl Sour Cream, Maple Cream Cheese, Strawberry and Bacon Breakfast Cupcake, picturelink: S.0GM.scM2QzXJXUpacH6cRMmwOyj6y}, 46936: {instructions: Place the salmon in the freezer for 45 minutes to 1 hour.nPlace the soy sauce, molasses, lemon juice, black pepper and liquid smoke into a large ziptop bag, seal and shake to combine. Remove the salmon from the freezer and cut into thin strips. Add the salmon strips to the bag with the marinade, reseal and allow to marinate for 1 12 to 3 hours.nDrain the strips in a colander and pat dry on paper towels. Evenly distribute the strips of salmon onto 2 of the air filters and then stacking the filters on top of one another. Top these with one empty filter. Next, lay the box fan on its side and lay the filters on top of it. Strap the filters to the fan with two bungee cords. Stand the fan upright, plug in and set to medium. Allow the meat dry for 1218 hours. If using a commercial dehydrator, follow the manufacturers directions.nOnce dry, store in a cool dry place, in an airtight container for 2 to 3 months., ingredients: [1 14 pound side of salmon, skin on, pin bones removed, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon liquid smoke], title: Salmon Jerky, picturelink: null}, 46937: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Combine the rosemary, garlic and cayenne in a small bowl. Add enough olive oil until it becomes a loose paste. Schmear the roast with the rosemarygarlic paste and really massage it into the meat. Season generously with salt.nPut the onion, carrots, celery and mushrooms in the bottom of a roasting pan. Toss with a little olive oil and salt to taste.Add the wine, 1 cup chicken stock and thebay leaves. Put the roast on top of the veggies roast until the meat is really brown and lovely, about 45 minutes.nReduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F continue roasting, rotating the pan halfway through, until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the meat reads 125 degrees F for medium rare or 130 degrees F for medium, another 2 hours 20 minutes. During the roasting time, occasionally spoon some of the pan juices over the meat. If the liquid level in the pan goes down too much, add the remaining 1 cup stock.nRemove the roast from the oven and transfer to a cutting board. Let rest 15 to 20 minutes before carving. Taste the veggies and season with salt, if needed. Skim off any excess fat from the pan juices and remove the bay leaves. Slice the roast and serve with the veggies.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [12 bunch rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 8to8 12pound bonein standing rib roast, Kosher salt, 1 onion, cut into 12inch dice, 1 pound baby carrots, tops trimmed, 3 stalks celery, cut into 12inch dice, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, stems removed, quartered, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 to 2 cups chicken stock, 2 bay leaves], title: Standing Rib Roast, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 46938: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nGenerously salt and pepper both sides of the steak. Wrap the steak with the bacon and secure with a toothpick.nHeat an ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter and olive oil. When melted, add the steak to the skillet and sear on both sides until a really nice color, about 1 minute per side.nRemove the skillet from the stovetop and place into the oven to finish cooking. Cook until medium rare, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 beef filet steak, 8 to 10 ounces, 2 inches thick, 1 piece thin bacon, 1 tablespoon butter, more if needed, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: BaconWrapped Filet, picturelink: VHmEliy8CmbxZPdgMiXAKx8KY6QIyvi}, 46939: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the squash on a baking sheet and spray with the olive oil spray and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Roast until tender and brown at the edges, 20 to 25 minutes.nHeat a soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add a drizzle of oil and the sausage, cook until brown, then remove. Add the remaining oil, some black pepper, flour and paprika, and stir. Cook until brown and very fragrant, 20 minutes. Add the celery, onions and bell peppers, season with salt and pepper and soften, 5 minutes. Add the okra, thyme, garlic, bay leaf and chile peppers, stir a few minutes more. Add the stock, beer and tomatoes and the hot sauce, to taste. Add the sausage back to the gumbo, simmer to thicken, 20 to 30 minutes. Add the squash and stir to combine. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat. Serve in shallow bowls and top with the scallions., ingredients: [1 teaspoon smoked paprika or sweet paprika, 1 butternut squash or small pumpkin 1 12 pounds, peeled and diced to bitesize pieces, Olive oil spray, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 pound andouille, coarsely chopped, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 to 3 ribs celery with leafy tops, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 8 ounces fresh okra, sliced, or one 10ounce box sliced frozen okra, defrosted, optional, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 Fresno chile pepper, thinly sliced, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 bottle lager beer, One 32ounce can stewed tomatoes, Hot sauce, Sliced scallions, for garnish], title: Andouille and Roasted Squash Gumbo, picturelink: 5xx8lYfeDWPHdQhFp1S4bp2g3zZTkju}, 46940: {instructions: Spread the oil over a baking sheet. Spread almonds evenly over the surface of the sheet. In a medium heavy bottomed saucepan, stir the sugar and cream of tartar into the water over low heat until dissolved. When the sugar is dissolved, increase the heat to medium and stop stirring. Bring to a boil and allow temperature, as measured with a candy thermometer, to 300 degrees F hard crack stage. Immediately pour the syrup over the almonds and allow to cool and harden completely. Break into pieces to serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 cup roasted whole almonds, 4 cups brown sugar, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup water], title: Almond Brittle, picturelink: null}, 46941: {instructions: Combine the sesame seeds, salt pepper, cumin, scallions, tomatoes, avocado, black beans, chickpeas, corn, jalapeno, lime juice and pepper in a medium mixing bowl. Serve immediately, with fresh jicama rounds., ingredients: [2 tablespoons black sesame seeds, Pinch sea salt, Pinch black pepper, Pinch ground cumin, 4 fresh scallions, thinly sliced on a bias, 3 Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 large avocado, pitted and diced, One 15ounce can about 1 34 cups black beans, drained and rinsed, One 15ounce can about 1 cup chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 large ear sweet corn, kernels cut off, 1 small jalapeno, minced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, One medium jicama root, peeled and sliced into flat rounds or half moons], title: Black Bean Chickpea Salad, picturelink: null}, 46942: {instructions: In a small saucepan, cook the rice with the water, covered, for 20 minutes. Stir occasionally. When rice is cooked add remaining ingredients. Let cool slightly and shape into desired shapes.nIn a hot, nonstick skillet, spray with cooking spray and brown rice cakes on both sides until golden brown. Place on sheet pan and keep in a hot oven. Serve as needed., ingredients: [12 cup shortgrain rice, 1 cup water, 2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar, 1 ounce thinly sliced scallion, 1 tablespoon chopped pickled ginger, Cooking spray, as needed], title: Asian Rice Cakes, picturelink: null}, 46943: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix sugar and cinnamon in plastic bag. Cut biscuits into quarters. Shake 6 to 8 pieces at a time in cinnamon sugar mixture. Place biscuit pieces in greased 10cup bundt pan.n2. Mix leftover cinnamon sugar mixture with melted butter. Pour over biscuits.n3. Bake 35 minutes or until golden brown. Cool in pan 5 minutes. Invert onto serving plate. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons McCormicku00ae Cinnamon, Ground, 3 cans 7.5 ounces each refrigerated buttermilk biscuits, 12 cup 1 stick butter, melted], title: Cinnamon PullApart Bread, picturelink: ij0BIuyeFP6VF5fSzwqaeDOFQIDhX.}, 46944: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onions and fennel and saute until translucent, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the flour, reduce the heat to low, and cook for 3 more minutes, stirring occasionally. Slowly add the stock, Pernod, saffron, salt, and pepper, and bring to a boil. Simmer for 5 more minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the heavy cream and season to taste. The sauce should be highly seasoned.nCook the potatoes in boiling salted water for 10 minutes. Lift out with a sieve. Add the asparagus, carrots, and squash to the pot and cook in the boiling water for 5 minutes. Drain well. Add the potatoes, mixed vegetables, onions, and parsley to the sauce and mix well.nFor the pastry, mix the flour, salt, and baking powder in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Add the shortening and butter and mix quickly with your fingers until each piece is coated with flour. Pulse 10 times, or until the fat is the size of peas. With the motor running, add the ice water process only enough to moisten the dough and have it just come together. Dump the dough out onto a floured board and knead quickly into a ball. Wrap the dough in plastic and allow it to rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDivide the filling equally among 4 ovenproof bowls. Divide the dough into quarters and roll each piece into an 8inch circle. Brush the outside edges of each bowl with the egg wash, then place the dough on top. Trim the circle to 12inch larger than the top of the bowl. Crimp the dough to fold over the sides, pressing it to make it stick. Brush the dough with egg wash and make 3 slits in the top. Sprinkle with sea salt and cracked pepper. Place on a baking sheet and bake for 1 hour, or until the top is golden brown and the filling is bubbling hot., ingredients: [12 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 12 sticks, 2 cups sliced yellow onions 2 onions, 1 fennel bulb, top and core removed, thinly sliced crosswise, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups good chicken stock, 1 tablespoon Pernod, Pinch saffron threads, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 12 cups largediced potatoes 12 pound, 1 12 cups asparagus tips, 1 12 cups peeled, 34inchdiced carrots 4 carrots, 1 12 cups peeled, 34inchdiced butternut squash, 1 12 cups frozen small whole onions 12 pound, 12 cup minced flatleaf parsley, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 14 pound cold unsalted butter, diced, 12 to 23 cup ice water, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, Flaked sea salt and cracked black pepper], title: Vegetable Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 46945: {instructions: Spread foie mousse on each fillet and top with 3 chives. Soak the rice wrappers in warm water until soft, about 3 minutes, then lay on a dry, clean hand towel. Place halibut, foie side down in the middle of the wrapper and fold in bottom side first. Then fold in the 2 sides followed by the top. Let rest on folded side for 5 minutes before cooking. These can be made 4 hours in advance. In a non stick pan, coat with a little oil and sear folded side first, about 3 minutes. This will seal the package. Flip over and sear the foie side until brown. Flip back over and toast in a 400 degree oven for about 8 to 10 minutes. On a large plate, place small mound of squash in the middle. Surround with mushrooms and garnish with truffle oil and chives.nIn a processor, puree into a mousse the foie gras, egg, cream, truffle oil and chicken until smooth. Transfer the mousse to a chilled bowl and fold in the chives and season with salt and pepper. Set asidenPreheat oven to 375 degrees. Place squash on baking dish and add the butter, honey, ginger and seasoning. Bake for 45 to 60 minutes until squash is al dente. Do not overcook the squash. Spoon out squash and check for seasoning. Keep warm for servingnWild Mushroom Ragout: Canola oil 5 sliced shallots Salt and black pepper 1 cup crimini or button mushrooms 1 cup chanterelles 1 cup quartered shiitakes 1 cup morels 1 cup cepes or porcinis 12 tablespoon fresh minced thyme 1 cup red wine 1 cup veal demiglace 1 cup chicken stock with 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce 1 tablespoon butter optionalnIn a hot saute pan coated with oil, caramelize the shallots. Season. Add the crimini mushrooms first and cook for 1 minute. Add the remaining mushrooms and thyme. Check for seasoning. Deglaze with red wine. Let reduce by 75 percent then add the demiglace. Simmer slowly for 20 minutes. Whisk in butter and keep hot for serving.nYield: 4 servingsnSuggested Wine: Sebastopol Vineyards, Dutton Ranch, Russian River, Pinot Noir, 1995, ingredients: [4 large, round rice wrappers, 4 6ounce fillets of halibut, 8 ounces foie gras mousse, 12 long chive batons, Salt and black pepper, Chives, for garnishing, Truffle oil for garnishing, 8 ounces B or C grade fresh foie gras, 1 whole egg, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon white truffle oil, 4 ounces diced chicken breast, skinless, 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped, Salt and black pepper, 1 small spaghetti squash cut in half, deseeded, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 tablespoon minced ginger, Salt and black pepper], title: Rice Paper Wrapped Halibut Roasted with Foie Gras Gingered Spaghetti Squash and Wild Mushroom Ragout, picturelink: null}, 46946: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 mini glass trifle dishes or dessert glassesnIn a medium mixing bowl, beat together the pumpkin puree, cream cheese, brown sugar and pumpkin pie spice. In a separate bowl, beat the heavy cream with the granulated sugar and vanilla to medium peaks. Fold threequarters of the whipped cream into the pumpkin mixture.nTo assemble: In a small bowl, combine the tea with the orange juice and spiced rum if using. Slice the ladyfingers in half. Dip 2 ladyfingers halves into the tea mixture and place in a single layer on the bottom of a dessert glass. Top with about 14 cup of the pumpkin mixture. Repeat with another layer of soaked ladyfingers and another layer of the pumpkin mixture. Top with a dollop of whipped cream. Repeat with the remaining glasses and ingredients. Place in the refrigerator until ready to serve. Just be for you serve, garnish each tiramisu with 2 ladyfinger halves., ingredients: [One 14ounce can pumpkin puree, One 8ounce block cream cheese, at room temperature, 34 cup packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup orange spice tea, brewed with one tea bag and cooled, 12 cup orange juice, 3 tablespoons spiced rum, optional, 24 ladyfingers], title: Pumpkin Tiramisu, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 46947: {instructions: In a large pot over mediumhigh heat add chickens and cover with water. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until the chickens are cooked through. Remove the bones, setting aside the chicken meat and broth.nIn a large saucepan, fry the ground spicy sausage until cooked through. Set aside.nIn a large pot over medium heat, fry the bacon until crisp. Add the onions, celery, green and red peppers, and garlic cloves. Cook until the vegetables sweat. Add all seasonings and the hot sauce, to taste. Stir together. Add the chicken broth as needed and bring to a boil. Add the tomatoes, corn, and mushrooms. Add additional spices, to taste. Add the reserved chicken meat, reserved ground sausage, butter, smoked sausage, and ham. Add additional chicken broth as needed and return to a boil. Add the shrimp and continue to cook. When the shrimp are cooked through, determine that there is enough liquid to cook the rice. Add additional chicken broth, if needed. Add the rice and bring to a boil. Turn the heat down to low. The jambalaya is finished when the rice is fully cooked. Serve in large bowls., ingredients: [2 whole chickens, 3 pounds ground spicy sausage, 2 pounds bacon, chunked, 5 pounds onions, chopped, 3 pounds celery, chopped, 2 12 gallons green and red bell peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 pound garlic cloves, peeled, Salt, Freshly ground black and white pepper, Cayenne pepper, for seasoning, Oregano, Basil, Bay leaves, Thyme, Paprika, Hot sauce, 1 gallon canned whole peeled tomatoes, 1 gallon canned crushed tomatoes, 1 gallon canned whole kernel corn, 1 12 gallons canned mushrooms, 2 pounds butter, 3 pounds hot and spicy smoked sausage, sliced, 3 pounds ham, chunked, 3 pounds shrimp, 3 pounds rice], title: Johns Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 46948: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the beef: Combine the chuck, bell peppers, onions, garlic, tomatoes, Italian seasoning, fennel seeds, 2 12 teaspoons salt, and some pepper in a slow cooker. Cook on the low setting for 8 hours. Use a ladle to remove some of the excess fat from the surface, then coarsely shred the beef with two forks. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the aioli: Place the egg, garlic and Dijon in a food processor and pulse to combine. With the motor running, add the olive oil and vegetable oil in a very slow steady stream until it is all incorporated. Add the in the giardiniera to the food processor and pulse until chopped. Season with salt and pepper.nSpread about 2 tablespoons of the aioli on both sides of the bread and then make sandwiches with the shredded beef. Serve immediately.nIn a small bowl, mix together the basil, marjoram, oregano, parsley, granulated garlic, rosemary, thyme and red pepper flakes. Store in a jar with a tightfitting lid., ingredients: [4 pounds boneless beef chuck roast, quartered, 2 red, orange or yellow bell peppers, seeded and sliced, 1 small onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes with basil and oregano, 2 teaspoons Italian Seasoning, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon whole fennel seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg, 2 cloves garlic, finely grated, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup vegetable oil, One 16ounce jar giardiniera, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 12 to 14inch loaves French bread, halved crosswise, split and lightly toasted, 3 tablespoons dried basil, 3 tablespoons dried marjoram, 3 tablespoons dried oregano, 3 tablespoons dried parsley, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Italian Slow Cooker Beef Sandwiches with Giardiniera Aioli, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 46949: {instructions: Preheat the broiler element in your oven.nCombine the mayonnaise, ketchup, mustard and vinegar in a bowl. Set aside.nPlace onethird of the potato chips in a baking dish. Layer with onethird of the cheese, sauerkraut and corned beef. Add half of the remaining chips in another layer on top, then evenly layer half of the remaining cheese, sauerkraut and corned beef. Finish with the remaining chips followed by the rest of the cheese, sauerkraut and corned beef. Broil just until the cheese melts.nToss the lettuce with the mayonnaise mixture and top the chips. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 10 cups potato chips, 1 12 cups shredded Swiss cheese, 1 cup prepared sauerkraut, 1 cup chopped thicklysliced corned beef about 7 slices, 2 cups shredded romaine lettuce], title: Reuben Chips, picturelink: OBsPmGHAt7GPckC.AWnjNh9uwJ0ja5u}, 46950: {instructions: Preheat grill or grill pan over high heat.nBrush salmon with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill on each side for 3 to 4 minutes. Let cool slightly and shred the meat with a fork. Place in a bowl with the cabbage and green onions.nCombine the mayonnaise, chipotle and lime juice in a small bowl and season with salt. Add the mayonnaise and the cilantro to the salmon mixture and gently fold to combine. Season with salt to taste, if needed. Divide the salmon mixture among the taco shells and drizzle each with the OrangeHabanero Sauce.nPlace juice and habanero in a medium nonreactive saucepan and cook over high heat until reduced to 1 cup, stirring occasionally. Remove the habanero, whisk in the honey and season with salt. Let cool to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [3 coldsmoked salmon fillets, 8 ounces each, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 head green cabbage, finely shredded, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, 1 cup bestquality mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 12 fried blue corn taco shells, OrangeHabanero Sauce, recipe follows, 6 cups fresh orange juice, 1 habanero chile, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt], title: San Diegostyle Blue Corn Salmon Tacos with OrangeHabanero Hot Sauce, picturelink: P27FnprhrZgAMQvEm3FbIfYPDwP1tQe}, 46951: {instructions: Special equipment: Special Equipment: 8inch pastelletortilla pressnFor the corn dough: Add the cornmeal, coconut sugar and sea salt to a stand mixer with a paddle attachment. Turn the stand mixer to a low speed and add 3 12 cups water followed by the melted butter. Once it starts to come together, turn the mixer to medium speed and mix for 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap touching the dough and allow to rest for 1 hour at room temperature. Once the dough has rested, make 24 equalsize balls, approximately the size of an ice cream scoop. Place all on a tray and cover with a damp towel to prevent drying out.nFor the filling: While the dough is resting, preheat a large rondeau pan to high heat. Add the vegetable oil and immediately add the ground meats. Saute until halfcooked, breaking up the meat as small as possible using a potato masher. Reduce the heat to mediumhigh, and then add the onions and saute for a couple of minutes until they start to soften. Add the garlic and continue to cook for another minute. Add the dried herbs and chiles and saute for 1 minute. Add the olives, raisins, chicken stock, tomato paste, capers and Worcestershire, and simmer over medium heat until the liquid is almost fully reduced and the meat comes to a pastelike consistency. Season with salt and then allow to cool fully.nFor assembly: Cover your prep surface with several layers of newspaper this can be a messy job. Using an 8inch pastelletortilla press, place a piece of a 16inch long aluminum foil strip on the bottom of the press and top with a banana leaf. Lightly coat the banana leaf with oil and place a dough ball on top, rolling the ball over the leaf to coat it in oil. Brush a square of aluminum foil liberally with some vegetable oil and place on top of the corn dough ball. Press the dough using the pastelletortilla press until it becomes a flat, round piece of dough. Set aside the top square of foil to reuse.nRemove the bottom piece of aluminum foil, banana leaf and flattened dough to a flat surface and place approximately 2 heaping tablespoons of the cooled meat filling on half of the dough, starting from the center out towards the edge, making sure to leave about a 12inch rim of dough around the edge. Fold the halfmoon of uncovered dough over the meat using the banana leaf and aluminum foil and press the edges together. Fold into a rectangular package, by first rolling it then sealing the ends by folding with the banana leaf and foil. Repeat until all the packages are complete.nBring a large pot of water to the boil and place as many packages as you want in the water until fully cooked and heated through, about 20 minutes. Remove from the water with tongs and place on a tray to cool enough so you can handle it, approximately 2 minutes.nFor the avocado cilantro root puree: Put the avocado, lemon juice and cilantro root in a food processor and process until very smooth. Season with salt and pepper, and then transfer to a nonreactive bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nServe the pastelles hot with the avocado cilantro root puree., ingredients: [1 pound precooked fine cornmeal, such as Promasa or PAN brands, 34 tablespoon blonde granulated coconut sugar, 12 tablespoon sea salt, 2 cups diced white onion, 5 cloves garlic, minced into a paste, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 pound lean ground pork, 10 Thai green chiles, chopped, 1 cup chopped pitted kalamata olives, 1 cup black raisins, 23 cup chicken stock, 12 cup tomato paste, 14 cup chopped capers, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt, 1 package banana leaves, cut into 12inch lengths about 24 pieces, Vegetable oil, Aluminum foil, cut into 16inch lengths about 24 pieces, 1 aluminum foil square about the size of the tortilla press, 1 Hass avocado, skin removed and pitted, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon cleaned and chopped cilantro root white parts only, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pastelles, picturelink: null}, 46952: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large heavy skillet, over a medium heat. Fry the chorizo until browned. Drain off any excess oil. Add the onion and cook 2 to 3 minutes, add the chilies.nBeat the eggs until frothy and add to the chorizo. Stir with a fork as you would scrambled eggs.nFold the cilantro in just before the eggs set. Serve with flour tortillas, fresh salsa, and mashed avocado., ingredients: [2 tablespoons oil, 1 pound homemade chorizo, 1 white onion, chopped, 2 Serrano chilies, chopped, 8 eggs, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 4 flour tortillas, 1 avocado mashed, 12 cup fresh salsa], title: Chorizo con Huevos, picturelink: null}, 46953: {instructions: In a large saute pan, combine the carrots, 12 cup of the water, and butter. Sprinkle the sugar over the top and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cover and reduce the heat to medium. Simmer for 10 minutes, or until the carrots are almost tender. Add the celery root add more water if the mixture is dry. Cook for 5 minutes, or until the celery root is just tender. Season with the salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 medium carrots, sliced, 12 to 1 cup water, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 large celery root, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Carrots and Celery Root Saute de Carottes et CeleriRave, picturelink: null}, 46954: {instructions: Season the ribs with a mixture of chili powder, toasted cumin and beer. Wrap the ribs in foil and steam in a steamer for 1 hour or roast in a 250 degree F. oven in a pan with moisture for 2 hours until tender and moist.nCoat the ribs with barbecue sauce then slow grill over low heat face down. Coat the backside of the ribs with barbecue sauce. Heat for 5 to 10 minutes to caramelize the outside of the ribs and heat them through. Remove the ribs from the grill and cut the meat away from the bone between the ribs.nIn a bowl whisk together the ketchup and steak sauce. Whisk in the beer, then the cayenne. Add the peanut butter a tablespoon at a time, whisking until the mixture is smooth. Add the chives and peppers and stir.nGrits Cake with Barbecue Riblets: Cut the grits cake mixture into the desired shape using a cookie cutter. Dredge them in flour and reshape. Saute the cakes in an olive oil and butter mixture until crispy on both sides. Place 3 slices of the rib meat over the grits cake and drizzle with extra barbecue sauce., ingredients: [1 rack baby back ribs, brushed with oil, Peanut Butter Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup smoky ketchup, 12 cup steak sauce, 14 cup beer, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons peanut butter, any kind, 1 tablespoon minced chives, 1 tablespoon minced red peppers], title: Boneless Barbecue Riblets, picturelink: null}, 46955: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Stick a skewer down center of pork fillets from thick end. Season with salt and pepper and wrap with strips of bacon. Brush with oil and broil about 8 minutes each side. To serve, slide from skewer and slice into medallions. Serve in sauce. Garnish with lemon and parsley.nMelt butter in saucepan over low heat. Add onion and cook until tender. Add mushroom stems and continue to cook. Mix in arrowroot and then white wine, hot water, and meat concentrate. Bring to a boil. Add sliced mushrooms, lemon juice, parsley and cayenne pepper at last moment., ingredients: [4 6ounce pork tenderloins, trimmed, Salt and pepper, 8 slices bacon, 14 cup olive oil, Freshly ground white peppercorns, to taste, 1 12 cups Mushroom Sauce, recipe follows, Lemon, to garnish, Parsley, to garnish, 1 tablespoon clarified butter, 1 small onion, finely diced, 4 ounces mushrooms, tops finely sliced, stems finely chopped, 2 tablespoons arrowroot, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 14 cups hot water, Meat concentrate, to taste, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 sprig parsley, leaves chopped, Cayenne pepper, to garnish], title: Pork Teko Teko, picturelink: null}, 46956: {instructions: In a bowl with a pastry blender or in a food processor blend or pulse together flour, butter, shortening, and salt until mixture resembles meal. Add 2 tablespoons ice water and toss or pulse until water is incorporated. Add enough remaining ice water if necessary to form a dough and form dough into a disk. Lightly dust dough with flour and chill, wrapped in wax paper, 1 hour. On a lightly floured surface, roll dough out to 1214 inch circle. Gently ease dough into a 1012 inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. Prick dough all over with fork and chill in refrigerator for at least 30 minutes. Using a melon baller, remove core from each apple half. Lay apple flat side down on cutting board. Thinly slice apple lengthwise without cutting through the flat side. Turn apple on its side and slice off flat side of apple so that apple slices can be fanned like a deck of cards. Repeat method for remaining apple halves. Fan apples on top of chilled dough in a decorative pattern. Dot with butter and sprinkle with sugar. Bake in a preheated 375 F oven for 3545 minutes or until golden. In a small saucepan combine apricot jam and water over medium heat. Bring mixture to a simmer and stir until smooth. Brush baked tart with glaze., ingredients: [1 storebought crust, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 stick 6 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 to 4 tablespoons ice water, 56 Golden Delicious apples, peeled and halved, 12 stick unsalted butter, cut into bits, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup apricot jam, 23 tablespoons water], title: French Apple Tart, picturelink: null}, 46957: {instructions: Combine the avocados, corn, onion, cilantro, lime juice, and creme fraiche in a bowl and mix well. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [3 avocado, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 ears corn, roasted and kernels removed, 12 red onion, finely chopped, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Blue corn tortilla chips], title: Roasted Corn Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 46958: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the garlic onto a piece of aluminum foil and drizzle with a little olive oil. Close up the foil and roast until the garlic is soft, about 45 minutes.nIn a large skillet, heat a thin film of oil over moderate heat. Add the chiles and brown on all sides. Remove the chiles and set the skillet aside.nGenerously season the meat with salt and pepper. Reheat the same skillet over medium heat and cook the meat until well browned on all sides, about 15 minutes. Do this in batches to avoid crowding the pan, adding additional oil as needed. Remove the meat with a slotted spoon and set aside. Pour off the excess fat from the pan. Deglaze the pan with about 12 cup water, scraping the browned bits off the bottom.nIn a large pot, bring 4 quarts of water to a simmer and add the liquid from the skillet. Add the garlic, chiles, posole, oregano, and pepper to taste. Simmer 1 hour.nAdd the browned meat. Simmer gently, partially covered, about 2 hours, or until the meat is very tender. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nServe the posole in soup bowls with the garnishes in individual bowls on the side.nIn a large skillet lined with aluminum foil, toast the chiles over moderate heat for about 5 minutes, until they almost smoke, stirring often.nBring 2 cups of salted water to a boil. Add the toasted chiles, garlic, and oregano. Simmer about 10 minutes, or until the chiles are soft.nPour into a blender. Blend on low speed for several seconds, then increase to high speed for about 1 minute or until smooth. Add water to thin out sauce if you prefer., ingredients: [2 heads garlic, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 whole ancho chiles, seeded and stemmed, 4 pounds pork shoulder blade roast, cut into 2inch cubes, 2 pounds pork back ribs, cut into 2rib portions, Gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 quarts posole or canned white hominy, drained, 12 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 2 onions, peeled and chopped, 2 avocados, cut into chunks, 2 lemons, cut into wedges, 2 bunches radishes, washed and quartered, 1 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, Dried Mexican oregano, Tortilla chips or tostadas, Felicitas Hot Salsa, recipe follows, 2 ounces chiles de arbol 80 to 90 chiles, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano], title: Felicitas Posole, picturelink: null}, 46959: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl or baking dish, whisk together 1 quart of the buttermilk, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 teaspoons of chile de arbol powder, or hot sauce, and a little bit of pepper, if desired. Add the chicken pieces, turn to coat, cover, and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight.nPlace the remaining 2 cups of buttermilk in a bowl. Stir together the flour, garlic and onion powders, paprika, and 2 teaspoons chile de arbol powder or cayenne in a large bowl. Divide flour mixture among 2 shallow platters and season generously with salt and pepper. Drain the chicken in a colander and pat it dry. Dredge the pieces a few at a time in the flour mixture and pat off excess, then dip in the buttermilk and allow excess to drain off. Dredge in the second plate of flour and pat off the excess. Put the chicken pieces on a piece of waxed paper or on a clean platter while you heat the oil.nPour about 3 inches of oil into a deep cast iron skillet the oil should not come more than halfway up the sides of the pot. Put the pot over mediumhigh heat and heat the oil to 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Working in batches, add the chicken pieces to the hot oil, 3 or 4 at a time and fry, turning the pieces occasionally, until evenly golden brown and cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and transfer to a rack to drain repeat to cook the remaining pieces. Serve hot.nYield: 4 to 6 servings, ingredients: [1 quart buttermilk, plus 2 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons chile de arbol powder, or 2 tablespoons hot sauce, plus 2 teaspoons chile de arbol powder, or cayenne pepper, 2 chickens 3 to 4 pounds each, each cut up into 8 pieces, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, Peanut oil, for deepfrying], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: avQTYqDOxALt8kHcBWB2EEjEztd7ote}, 46960: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the mushrooms and a couple of cups of beef stock in a small pot. Simmer to reconstitute the mushrooms.nBoil 1 34 cups water in a saucepot, season with a little salt, add the kasha and stir. Cover and reduce heat to simmer. Cook until tender, 18 to 20 minutes. Drizzle with a little EVOO and cool. Store separately from the soup base until the soup is served, to avoid mushy buckwheat.nIn a soup pot or Dutch oven, heat 2 tablespoons EVOO, a couple of turns of the pan, and add the guanciale. Brown the guanciale and then remove. Pat the beef dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Brown over mediumhigh heat in the guanciale drippings and remove. Add the garlic, onions and bay and stir and cook to soften, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the kale and wilt, and season with a few grates nutmeg. Add the tomato paste and stir until fragrant, then add the Worcestershire, the remaining beef stock, beef and guanciale. Remove the mushrooms and chop, then add the mushroom and the mushroom stock to the soup. Cook partially covered until the beef is tender, about 1 hour. Cool and store.nTo serve, combine the kasha with the hot soup and serve in shallow bowls with bread and cheese curls., ingredients: [1 ounce, or a generous handful, dried porcini mushrooms, 8 cups beef stock, Salt, 1 cup kasha buckwheat groats, 2 tablespoons EVOO, plus extra for drizzling, 4 ounces guanciale, bacon or pancetta, diced, 1 pound stew beef, cut into small cubes, Freshly grated black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 onions, finely chopped, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 bundle flat kale, stemmed and chopped, Whole nutmeg, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Crusty bread and shaved pecorino, to pass at table], title: Buckwheat Soup with Porcini, Beef and Kale, picturelink: Fraceu.APQys0euYcklWe7J62LQTrhy}, 46961: {instructions: To make the pineapple ice: Halve the pineapple lengthwise. With a grapefruit knife or other small sharp knife, cut around the inside edges and remove the pulp, leaving 14inchthick shells. Pat the shells dry and freeze them, covered with plastic wrap. Core the pineapple pulp and cut it into 1inch pieces. In the food processor or in a blender puree the pulp until smooth, blend in the granulated sugar and lemon juice to taste, and transfer the mixture to the icecube trays. Freeze the ice in the freezing compartment of the refrigerator until frozen, transfer the cubes to the food processor, and blend them until the ice is light and fluffy. Pack the ice into the pineapple shells, mounding it slightly, and freeze the shells, covered with plastic wrap, in the freezing compartment of the refrigerator until the ice is frozen. Preheat the broiler.nIn a bowl with the mixer beat the whites with the salt until foamy, add the cream of tartar, and beat the whites until they hold soft peaks. Add the pulverized granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, and beat the meringue until it holds stiff peaks.nTransfer the meringue to the pastry bag fitted with a small star tip and pipe it decoratively over the ice, covering the ice completely. Sift the confectioners sugar over the meringue, arrange the shells on a baking sheet, and put them under the broiler about 6 inches from the heat for 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until the meringue is browned lightly. Serve the desserts immediately., ingredients: [1 3 12pound pineapple, 14 to 13 cup granulated sugar, 14 to 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 egg whites at room temperature, Pinch salt, Pinch cream of tartar, 34 cup granulated sugar, ground to a powder in the food processor or blender], title: Ananas en Surprise: Pineapple Ice Topped with Meringue, picturelink: null}, 46962: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace the tomatoes on a baking dish and drizzle with a little extravirgin olive oil and season with some salt and pepper and transfer to the oven. Roast until the tomatoes start to burst, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Once cool, transfer to a salad bowl and slightly smash up the tomatoes with a fork, add the minced red onion and the mustard and vinegar. In a slow steady steam, pour in the extravirgin olive oil, to taste, while mixing with a fork. Add the romaine lettuce and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 small red onion, minced, 12 tablespoon Dijon mustard, eyeball it, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, eyeball it, 3 hearts romaine lettuce, roughly chopped], title: Roasted Tomato Dressed Romaine Salad, picturelink: 6IhzxF4hQ0Hrj.N.Jsq4LYS2zLqBu}, 46963: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with cold water by 2 inches. Add 1 tablespoon of salt, bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are soft, about 25 minutes.nPlace the cream and milk in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat.nDrain the potatoes well and get out any additional water. Process them in batches through a ricer set over a large bowl. Fold in the butter and stir in the warm creammilk mixture in parts until you achieve a smooth and velvety consistency. Season the mashed potatoes well with salt and pepper. Keep warm in a covered bowl set over a simmering pot of water.nWhen ready to serve, garnish with snippets of chives and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [4 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and cubed, Kosher salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes, Freshly ground black pepper, Snipped chives, for garnish, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Perfect Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: lLeQu3rmKXvGt4aRusQHxLcSfh3Z7v2}, 46964: {instructions: In a small saucepan over moderate heat combine vinegar, sugar, Worcestershire and pepper. Allow sugar to dissolve in vinegar and liquids to come to a bubble. Remove sauce from heat and whisk in tomato sauce, then extravirgin olive oil. Let dressing stand.nArrange sliced tomatoes and onions on a serving platter. Season tomatoes and onions with salt, to taste Pour dressing over the tomatoes and onions and garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [14 red wine vinegar, 3 rounded tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, eyeball it, 1 cup canned tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, eyeball it, 3 beefsteak tomatoes, sliced 12inch thick, 1 large Vidalia onion, peeled and sliced into 12inch thick slices, Salt, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, to garnish], title: Tomato and Vidalia Onion Salad with Steak Sauce Dressing, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 46965: {instructions: In a large bowl, add the chicken, cover with wine, and set aside.nQuarter the potatoes, leaving the skinon. Place in a large pot, cover with water and bring up to a boil over medium heat. When the potatoes are cooked, drain and place in a medium bowl. Mash the potatoes, season with salt and set aside.nIn a small pot, combine apple and cream and reduce over medium heat 15 minutes.nDrizzle olive oil in a large skillet over medium high heat, add the bacon and crisp 3 to 4 minutes. Remove to a plate.nWhile bacon crisps, remove the chicken to a work surface, reserving the wine. Cut chicken into large bitesize pieces, season with salt and pepper, dredge in flour then brown in bacon drippings. While chicken browns chop vegetables. Remove the chicken to a plate, then add 2 tablespoons olive oil to the skillet, season the vegetables with salt and pepper and add bay leaf and thyme. Cover pan to sweat vegetables 5 minutes then remove lid, stir in 2 tablespoons flour, cook 1 minute then stir in wine, add chicken back to pan and simmer together to thicken and the chicken is cooked through, a couple of minutes more.nTo a food processor, add the applecream and brie, process until smooth and season with salt. Combine applebrie mixture with the mashed potatoes.nServe chicken with wine over brie mashed potatoes., ingredients: [2 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs and breasts, 12 bottle dry white wine, 2 pounds baby Yukon gold potatoes, Salt, 12 cup cream, 1 Golden Delicious apple, peeled, cored and chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus a drizzle, 4 slices delicut bacon or thick cut pancetta, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, Flour, for dredging plus 2 tablespoons, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped or 1 cup shredded carrot, 1 bay leaf, A few sprigs thyme, stripped and leaves chopped, 13 pound wedge brie, cut into pieces, Crusty, warm bread], title: Quick ChickinWine with BrieYukon Gold Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: L5UfQbsXubEJGT02UROjB9cm1QQ4cu}, 46966: {instructions: Heat butter and olive oil in a medium saute pan. Add onions and sugar and cook slowly until soft and caramelized. Heat olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the mushrooms and saute until golden brown and cooked down. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Preheat grill. Flatten the dough, brush liberally with olive oil and throw on the grill. Grill on one side until golden brown, turn over spread with the mozzarella, onions and mushrooms and blue cheese., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound assorted wild mushrooms portobello, shiitake, chanterelle, porcini, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 Spanish onions, sliced thinly, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 ricipe flatbread, 12 cup fresh mozzarella, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Caramelized Onions, Cabrales Blue Cheese and Wild Mushroom Flatbread, picturelink: null}, 46967: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Leaving their skins on, scrub the potatoes with a brush to remove any dirt or blemishes. Dry the potatoes with paper towels or a cloth. Cut the potatoes in half or in quarters, depending on their size. Pour the olive oil into a roasting pan or large castiron skillet and heat in the oven 10 minutes before adding the potatoes.nRoast the potatoes 45 minutes, until crisp. Shake the pan several times during cooking, so that the potatoes roll around to brown evenly. Remove from the oven. Drain the potatoes on paper towels or a cloth to absorb the excess oil, then place in a serving dish.nIn a saute pan, melt the butter, then add the garlic and saute until light golden brown. Add the chopped herbs to the garlic butter, stir together quickly, and remove from the heat. Pour the garlicherb butter over the potatoes, season with the salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds small potatoes: Red Bliss, small whites, Yukon Golds, Yellow Finns, or Fingerling potatoes, 14 cup pure olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and finely minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Roasted Potatoes with Garlic and Thyme, picturelink: null}, 46968: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nTo prepared brownie mix add instant espresso or ground coffee and coffee liqueur or syrup. Butter a disposable 9 by 13inch pan and bake brownies 22 to 25 minutes on upper rack of oven. Cut brownies into 16 barshaped pieces and serve warm as is or with your choice of: cold milk, coffee ice cream, coffee beverages or Italian after dinner liqueurs., ingredients: [1 package store bought brownie mix, any brand, batter prepared to package directions, 3 tablespoons instant espresso or 2 rounded tablespoons ground dark roast coffee beans, 1 shot coffee liqueur or 1 ounce coffee flavored syrup, Softened butter, for greasing pan, Disposable 9 by 13inch baking pan], title: Espresso Brownies, picturelink: ymeIncs7dt2553OGq0bbj6ZdPCRckm2}, 46969: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nWhisk the eggs in a large bowl until smooth. Whisk in the spinach dip, halfandhalf, cheese, salt and pepper.nFill the pie crust with the egg mixture and bake until golden brown, 25 to 35 minutes. Let rest for 15 minutes to set, then cut and serve., ingredients: [5 large eggs, 1 cup storebought spinach dip, 34 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup shredded Gruyere cheese, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 storebought frozen pie crust], title: FiveIngredient Spinach Dip Quiche, picturelink: NyNRnkj1cpfgPL.QDFAR0fFFr6KxMe}, 46970: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a medium saucepan with water. Add the bay leaves, smashed garlic and zest. Salt the water generously and bring it to a boil over mediumhigh heat. When boiling, add the couscous. Cook until cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes, and then drain. Discard the bay leaves, garlic and zest.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, toss together the chopped garlic, cranberries, vinegar, scallion whites and celery. Season with salt and let sit for 20 minutes to soften.nStir in the couscous, parsley and scallion greens. Drizzle with oil. Taste and reseason. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 bay leaves, 2 cloves garlic, 1 smashed and the other finely chopped, 1 blood orange, zested in wide strips, Kosher salt, 1 cup Israeli couscous, 12 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 3 scallions, greens sliced and whites sliced thinly on the bias, 2 ribs celery, sliced thinly on the bias, 12 bunch fresh parsley, finely chopped, Big fat finishing oil], title: Israeli Couscous with Celery, Scallions and Cranberries, picturelink: 7O2SA6eNDX7i0r.dFRJjuvbS44wOOEW}, 46971: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, blend together all the ingredients but the chicken until smooth. Reserve 1 cup of marinade. Place chicken wings into a large resealable plastic bag and pour remaining marinade over them. Seal and marinate in the refrigerator 4 to 6 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 sheet trays with parchment. Remove chicken from bag and place on the baking sheets. Bake 20 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan bring reserved marinade to a boil. Reduce by 13 until it thickens slightly, about 10 minutes. After 20 minutes, remove chicken from oven. Brush chicken with the glaze. Raise the heat to 400 degrees F and cook chicken until cooked through, another 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 habanero, seeded and chopped, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup honey, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons fennel seed, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons allspice, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 4 green onions, chopped, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup lime juice, 14 cup orange juice, 7 pounds chicken wings], title: Caribbean Chicken Wings, picturelink: HM.XLAIZrZDbXFuXc7Pw5loWcIWaOoK}, 46972: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWarm the butter, olive oil, onions, and curry powder in a large stockpot uncovered over low heat for 15 to 20 minutes, until the onions are tender. Stir occasionally, scraping the bottom of the pot.nPeel the squash, cut in half, and remove the seeds. Cut the squash into chunks. Peel, quarter, and core the apples. Cut into chunks.nAdd the squash, apples, salt, pepper, and 2 cups of water to the pot. Bring to a boil, cover, and cook over low heat for 30 to 40 minutes, until the squash and apples are very soft. Process the soup through a food mill fitted with a large blade, or puree it coarsely in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade.nPour the soup back into the pot. Add the apple cider or juice and enough water to make the soup the consistency you like it should be slightly sweet and quite thick. Check the salt and pepper and serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 4 cups chopped yellow onions 3 large, 2 tablespoons mild curry powder, 5 pounds butternut squash 2 large, 1 12 pounds sweet apples, such as McIntosh 4 apples, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups water, 2 cups good apple cider or juice], title: Butternut Squash and Apple Soup, picturelink: vswHNL4JGtG71y4zXxJIUTFRQ5BJQG}, 46973: {instructions: For each drink, combine 4 ounces dry vermouth, 3 tablespoons pomegranate liqueur, 1 tablespoon pomegranate seeds and 2 dashes of orange bitters in a shaker with ice. Shake well, then pour into a glass and top with seltzer. Garnish with more pomegranate seeds.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [], title: Sparkling Pomegranate Cocktails, picturelink: YgR72NjuEnlBVH088Kb5.lD9x6fWu}, 46974: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine garlic, butter, and oil in a microwave safe dish or in a small saucepan. Heat garlic and butter and oil in microwave for 1 minute or in a small pot over moderatelow heat for 3 minutes.nToast split bread under broiler. Remove bread when it is toasted golden brown in color. Brush bread liberally with garlic oil. Sprinkle with cheese, if using, and parsley. If you added cheese, return to broiler and brown 30 seconds. Cut into chunks and serve., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 loaf crusty bread, split, 3 tablespoons grated cheese, Parmigiano or Romano, optional, Chopped fresh parsley], title: Garlic Bread, picturelink: TSomBi.ZOB82rA3COvpBCIHPhcrwwq}, 46975: {instructions: So first things first, you put all the components of your salad together. Combine the romaine lettuce, the candied walnuts, and the sliced pears n a serving bowl.nWhisk the lemon juice, extravirgin olive oil, and the salt and pepper, to taste, in a small bowl. Drizzle the dressing over the salad.nFor the finishing touch, shave some fresh Parmesan over the top and serve., ingredients: [3 heads romaine lettuce, washed, dried and leaves roughly torn, 1 12 cups storebought candied walnuts, 1 large sliced pear or apple, Shaved Parmesan, to taste, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Parmesan and Candied Walnut Salad, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 46976: {instructions: Combine the coffee ice cubes, halfandhalf and 14 cup ChocolateToffee Syrup in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into 2 glasses, top with whipped cream and drizzle with more of the syrup.nCook the sugar in a medium, heavy saucepan over medium heat, undisturbed, until it begins to melt, then continue to cook, stirring slowly with a fork, until melted and pale golden. Continue to cook, swirling the pan, until the sugar is a deep golden caramel.nRemove from the heat and carefully add the warm cream down side of pan the mixture will bubble and steam vigorously, return the caramel to the heat, add the chocolate and salt and stir until smooth. Remove the mixture from the heat and stir in the vanilla., ingredients: [Ice cubes made from 1 cup very strong, brewed hazelnut coffee about 8, 1 cup very cold halfandhalf or whole milk, 14 cup ChocolateToffee Syrup, plus more for drizzling, recipe follows, Whipped cream, optional, for serving, 12 cup pure cane sugar, 34 cup heavy cream, warmed, 6 ounces bestquality milk chocolate, chopped, Pinch of salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Cold Hazelnut ChocolateToffee Latte, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 46977: {instructions: Place a 6 quart pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring frequently, until the bacon is browned, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove the bacon to a papertowel lined plate or rack. Pour off all but 3 tablespoons of the bacon fat.nDecrease the heat to medium and add the onions to the pot. Cook, stirring occasionally until the onion is softened and beginning to brown around the edges, approximately 6 minutes. Add the broth, peanuts and thyme. Increase the heat to high, and bring to a boil. Once the mixture reaches a boil, reduce the heat to mediumlow to maintain a rapid simmer. Cook until the peanuts begin to loosen from their skins and the broth is reduced by 14, approximately 20 to 25 minutes.nTurn off the heat and puree the mixture with a handheld stick blender until smooth. Add the milk, vinegar, salt and pepper and puree until combined. Turn the heat back to medium and cook until warmed through, 5 to 7 minutes. Garnish with the reserved bacon and serve immediately.nWash the peanuts in cool water until the water runs clear. Soak in cool water for 30 minutes to loosen any remaining dirt.nDrain and rinse the peanuts. Add the peanuts to a 12quart pot along with the salt and 3 gallons of water. Stir well. Cover and cook on high for 4 hours. Check the texture of the peanut at this point for doneness. When done, boiled peanuts should have a similar texture to a cooked dry bean. It should hold its shape, but not crunch when bitten. Add more water throughout the cooking process, if needed. If necessary, continue cooking for 3 to 4 hours longer.nDrain the peanuts and store in a covered container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nCooks note: The cooking time can vary greatly depending on how fresh the peanuts are. The fresher the peanut, the less time it will take to cook.napproximately 4 pounds in shell and 2 pounds out of shell, ingredients: [8 slices thickcut bacon, chopped, 14 ounces chopped onions, approximately 3 cups, 6 cups chicken broth, 22 ounces shelled boiled Virginia or Valencia peanuts, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 3 cups 2 percent milk, 4 teaspoons rice wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 pounds inshell raw Virginia or Valencia peanuts, 3 ounces kosher salt, 3 gallons water], title: Boiled Peanut Soup, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 46978: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and stir 1 minute, then add the spinach, stirring constantly until the spinach has cooked do not overcook. Make sure to mix the garlic and do not let it burn on the bottom of the pan.nPlace the garlic and spinach in a strainer and let the liquid strain 1 to 2 minutes.nTransfer to a mixing bowl and add the bacon, feta, Parmesan and whipping cream and mix well. Place 1 heaping tablespoon of the mixture onto each opened oyster and sprinkle each with grated Parmesan. Place under the broiler until golden brown, about 2 minutes.nReady to serve, ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 13 cup freshly chopped garlic, 1 pound fresh baby spinach, 1 cup chopped freshly cooked bacon, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for sprinkling, 14 cup heavy whipping cream, 18 halfshell oysters], title: Beach Pub Oysters Rockafellar, picturelink: null}, 46979: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Make several slashes along the surface of the pork butt. Rub with salt, then liquid smoke. Prepare ti leaves by removing the rib. Lay out a large piece of heavyduty aluminum foil, and place 4 ti leaves on top. Place pork on leaves and wrap them around the pork. Cover with remaining leaves in the opposite direction until pork is completely wrapped. Wrap the foil tightly around the pork to make a watertight seal.nPlace package in a large roasting pan. Fill with two inches of water and cover pan tightly with foil. Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour. Lower temperature to 325 degrees F and cook for 33 12 hours or until tender. Unwrap pork from package and shred before serving., ingredients: [45 lb pork butt, 3 tablespoons Hawaiian salt or kosher salt, 2 tablespoons liquid smoke, 8 ti leaves or 23 banana leaves], title: Oven Kalua Pork, picturelink: null}, 46980: {instructions: Put the figs, kumquats, prunes, sugar, Cognac and lemon zest in a saucepan with 2 cups500 ml water and bring to a boil. Cook until the fruits are plump and the sauce syrupy. Turn off the heat and let the fruit macerate for 30 minutes. Pour into a serving dish a cut glass bowl looks lovely and let cool. Serve with creme fraiche and toasted almonds, or with a big spoonful of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [8 ounces225 g dried figs, halved or quartered, 8 ounces225 g kumquats, 8 ounces225 g dried prunes, 12 cup100 g sugar, 14 cup60 ml Cognac, Zest of 12 lemon, Creme fraiche and toasted almonds, or vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Winter Fruit Compote with Cognac, picturelink: null}, 46981: {instructions: In a bowl combine the pumpkin puree, cinnamon, garlic, brown sugar, soy sauce, red pepper, maple syrup and salt. Add the chicken and mix well.nSpoon equal amounts of the chicken mixture onto the wonton wrappers and seal the edges by brushing the egg white on them and pressing down. Heat the oil in a deep saucepan and drop in the wontons, in batches. Fry for a few seconds until wonton is lightly browned and crispy., ingredients: [1 cup pumpkin puree, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 garlic clove, crushed, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups finely diced cooked chicken breasts, 24 wonton wrappers, 2 cups vegetable oil, 1 egg white, beaten], title: Chicken Pumpkin Wontons, picturelink: Magqg5h4Xo8PcKEO2GLThez2.NI1RB2}, 46982: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place the pizza shell on a cookie sheet. Scatter spinach all over crust. Drizzle with oil. Evenly distribute prosciutto, Parmesan and garlic on top of spinach. Crack eggs onto pizza, roughly positioning 1 yolk on each pizza quarter. Bake for 1215 minutes, until spinach is wilted and egg whites are just fully cooked. Cut into 4 large slices., ingredients: [1 storebought baked thincrust pizza shell, preferably wholewheat, such as Boboli, 4 cups about 4 ounces baby spinach leaves, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 3 ounces prosciutto di Parma, thinly sliced, 12 cup grated Parmesan 1 12 ounces, 3 cloves thinly sliced garlic, 4 eggs], title: Egg, Ham and Spinach Pizza, picturelink: SYrXq5OpdgnHcHWtrawCOsvljnQqD9K}, 46983: {instructions: For the carrot butter: Juice the carrots using a juicer you should have 4 cups1liter. If you dont have a juicer you can use storebought carrot juice.nBring the carrot juice to a simmer in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat until reduced to 1 cup 250 ml, about 45 minutes. Add the diluted cornstarch. Slowly add the melted butter, using a hand mixer or whisk to incorporate it. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the risotto: Heat the vegetable stock in a saucepan.nIn a large skillet, heat the oil and saute the celeriac, parsley roots, parsnips, salsify and shallots. Add vegetable stock, one ladle at a time, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon and cooking until almost all the liquid has been absorbed before adding more. Continue cooking and adding stock until the vegetables are cooked but still al dente, about 25 minutes. Stir in the butter, ParmigianoReggiano, chives and parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C.nFor the mushrooms: Heat the oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the mushrooms until golden brown. Season with steak spice. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast the mushrooms for 5 minutes.nTo serve, divide the vegetable risotto among dishes and top with the mushrooms. Drizzle with carrot butter and garnish with micro herbs.nHeat the oil in a large stockpot over medium heat. Lower the heat and add the carrots, celery, garlic, onions, parsley roots and leeks. Cook until the vegetables are slightly colored, about 5 minutes. Stir in the ketchup, peppercorns, celery leaves and parsley leaves. Add enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 30 to 45 minutes its important not to cook it for too long. Strain, cool and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [8 to 10 large carrots, 1 teaspoon5ml cornstarch, diluted in water, 1 cup250ml butter, melted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups1liter vegetable stock, storebought or homemade, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons45ml olive oil, 2 cups500ml peeled and diced celeriac, 2 cups500ml peeled and diced parsley roots, 2 cups500ml peeled and diced parsnips, 2 cups500ml peeled and diced salsify, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 14 cup60ml butter, 1 cup250ml grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons45ml olive oil, 12 to 16 King Eryngii mushrooms also called French horn mushrooms, 1 teaspoon5ml steak spice, Micro herbs, for garnish, 2 tablespoons30ml olive oil, 6 carrots, chopped, 4 celery ribs with leaves, separated and roughly chopped, 2 heads garlic, cloves separated and crushed, 2 onions, quartered, 2 parsley roots with leaves, separated and chopped, 1 large leek, roughly chopped, 14 cup60ml ketchup, 1 tablespoon15ml whole black peppercorns], title: Root Vegetable Risotto with Carrot Butter, picturelink: null}, 46984: {instructions: Put 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a pot over medium high heat. If youre cooking outside you can cook over the grill flames. Add the pancetta to the pot and crisp it up, 3 to 4 minutes, add the onion to the pot and season with salt and pepper  go heavy on that pepper. The black pepper will really balance out the sweetness of your sauce later on. Add the bay leaf to the pot.nWhile the onions cook, place the ground chicken in a bowl and add fennel seed, red pepper flakes, allspice, orange zest, rosemary, garlic, salt and pepper, to taste, and cheese. Mix the meat with seasonings and form 4 large patties. Make a shallow dent in each patty at the center of it to prevent the burger from bulging up as it cooks. Wash up and drizzle the patties liberally with extravirgin olive oil. Place the patties on the grill and cook 6 to 7 minutes on each side.nWhen the onions are very soft and begin to caramelize, remove the bay leaf and add the Worcestershire sauce, balsamic vinegar, honey or sugar, and orange juice. Let the sauce thicken up and sweeten up 6 to 7 minutes until the liquids are syrupy. Adjust the black pepper level to your taste.nMix the chopped endive, shredded arugula and chopped radicchio together. Pile the chopped lettuces on the bun bottoms top with burgers and lots of onion barbecue sauce. Set bun tops in place and serve., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling plus 2 tablespoons, 14 pound pancetta, chopped, 2 red onions chopped, Salt and black pepper, 1 fresh bay leaf, 2 pounds ground chicken, 1 12 tablespoons fennel seed, lightly toasted, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes  go heavier for extra spicy, 14 teaspoon allspice, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 3 tablespoons finely chopped rosemary, 4 to 5 sprigs, 4 cloves garlic, grated with a microplane or the small side of a box grater, 2 generous handfuls of grated Parmigiano Reggiano or Romano cheese, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 12 cup aged balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons honey or dark brown sugar, 12 endive, chopped, 1 cup arugula leaves, shredded, 12 radicchio, chopped, 4 crusty rolls, split, toasted and drizzled with extravirgin olive oil or buttered], title: Chicken Sausage Burgers with Balsamic Onion Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 46985: {instructions: Butter a 2quart steamed pudding mold and line it with wax paper and then butter and flour the paper. In a food processor coarsely chop cranberries. Transfer to a bowl and add almonds, sugar, flour, orange zest, ginger, cinnamon and allspice and combine. In another bowl mix bread crumbs, melted butter, milk, eggs, baking powder, sugar and salt. Combine the bread crumb mixture with the cranberry mixture.nSpoon the batter into the prepared mold, a little at a time, tapping the mold as it is filled to eliminate any air bubbles. Cover the mold tightly with a lid and tie with a towel wrung out in cold water and floured. Tie a knot at the top of the towel to facilitate removal of the mold from the kettle.nSet a rack in the bottom of a kettle and add enough simmering water to reach 3 inches up the sides of the mold. Transfer the mold to the kettle. Keep the water at a brisk but not a rolling boil on the stove top. Cover the kettle with a lid.nSteam the pudding for 2 hours, checking occasionally to make certain the water remains at a boil, adding more water throughout the cooking process as necessary.nTo test for doneness, insert a skewer in the center of the pudding. It should come out with crumbs adhering to it. Return the lid to the mold and transfer it to a rack. The pudding will stay warm in the mold, covered, for several hours.nTo make the glaze combine cranberry juice, sugar and salt in a saucepan. Simmer the juice, stirring, until the sugar has dissolved. Bring the mixture to a boil and swirl gently until a candy thermometer reads 250 degrees. Add whole cranberries and remove the pan from the heat.nLet the glaze cool and then chill it, covered, until ready to serve. To serve, unmold the pudding onto a serving plate and pour the cranberry glaze over it., ingredients: [Butter and flour for lining the baking pan, 3 34 cups fresh cranberries, 12 cup ground, blanched almonds, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons orange zest, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon allspice, 3 cups fine bread crumbs, 1 12 sticks butter, melted and cooled, 23 cup milk, 3 large eggs, beaten lightly, 1 tablespoon double acting baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup cranberry juice, 1 cup sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 cup cranberries], title: Steamed Cranberry Pudding, picturelink: null}, 46986: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Internal Error, picturelink: null}, 46987: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix the cornstarch, white pepper, and egg whites. Add the chicken and toss until well coated.nHeat a large nonstick wok until blazing hot. Coat the bottom of the pan with the canola oil. Add the chicken to the pan and move continuously to prevent chicken from sticking together. Saute for about 1 12 minutes. Once the chicken is cooked, remove from the wok and keep warm.nOver high heat, add to the wok the soy sauce, tomato paste, sesame oil, honey, garlic, ginger, vinegar, and marmalade. Lower heat and simmer for approximately 30 seconds to thicken. Add the baby corn and bamboo shoots and warm through.nOnce sauce is thick and warm, whisk in the pineapple.nTo serve, arrange chicken strips on a platter and pour the sauce over the chicken., ingredients: [1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 teaspoons ground white pepper, 1 egg white, 1 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts, sliced into thin strips, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 14 cup low sodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon crushed garlic, 2 tablespoon grated ginger, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon orange marmalade, 1 8ounce jar baby corn, drained, 1 8ounce can sliced bamboo shoots, drained, 1 8ounce can crushed pineapple, drained], title: Sweet and Sour Chicken, picturelink: HO6WAKAdG9KaJeVclJCnl7RiZs4XK7G}, 46988: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a skillet to medium heat, add ground chuck and chorizo, cook until brown, breaking it up as it cooks. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add potatoes, onion and 1 more tablespoon oil, if needed. Stir to incorporate, then let cook 8 minutes, undisturbed to form golden crust. Stir potatoes, then let cook undisturbed another 8 minutes. When potatoes are almost totally cooked through, mix in garlic, rosemary, and red pepper. Form 4 pockets in the hash to put the eggs. Add a little more oil in the pockets, if necessary, so the eggs dont stick. Carefully pour an egg into each pocket, cover pan and turn heat to low. Cook until eggs are set to desired doneness, about 2 minutes. Remove to a serving platter or place on individual plates and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound ground chuck, 12 pound fresh chorizo, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium red potatoes, diced small, 12 large Vidalia onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 eggs, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves], title: Breakfast Skillet, picturelink: null}, 46989: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nBreak the heads of lettuce apart and use the smaller leaves to act as cups for the falafel. Reserve the larger leaves for other use. Cover the lettuce cups with a damp paper towel and refrigerate.nPut the chickpeas, garlic, onion, parsley, salt, cumin, red pepper flakes, mint, tahini and lemon juice into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until it forms a rough paste. Add the baking powder and flour and pulse until well combined.nPour the oil into a skillet and place over medium highheat for 2 to 3 minutes. Carefully drop the falafel into the hot oil by the heaping tablespoonful, in batches. Fry until golden, about 1 12 to 2 minutes. Flip and repeat on the other side. Remove to a paper towel lined dish. Repeat with the remaining falafel. Keep warm in a low oven until ready to serve.nPut the tahini, garlic, honey, water, soy sauce and lemon juice into a bowl and whisk until smooth. Stir in the chopped parsley, mint and salt and refrigerate until ready to use. Bring back to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [2 heads Boston lettuce, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, 14 cup diced onion, 12 cup parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon dried mint, 1 tablespoon tahini, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 3 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups vegetable oil, Garlic Tahini Sauce, recipe follows, Mint leaves, for garnish, 3 tablespoons tahini, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped mint leaves, Pinch salt], title: Falafel in Lettuce Cups with Garlic Tahini Sauce, picturelink: null}, 46990: {instructions: Cut the cooked asparagus spears into thirds. Put in a food processor with the basil, pine nuts, garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste. Keep in mind you will add Parmesan as well, so be careful not to oversalt. With the machine running, slowly add the cup of olive oil. When the sauce is about the consistency of mayonnaise, it has enough oil. Pulse in the Parmesan. Thin with water, if necessary, to achieve a slick, saucy pesto. Scrape into a bowl or jar, cover, and refrigerate until needed. You should have about 3 cups. Keeps about 2 to 3 days, refrigerated.nc 2006 NapaStyle Inc. All rights reserved, ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus, about 1 pound, trimmed and cooked for 5 minutes in boiling, salted water, 12 cup packed coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Grey salt and freshly ground black pepper, About 1 cup pure olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Asparagus Pesto, picturelink: null}, 46991: {instructions: Whisk the egg yolk, vinegar and 1 tablespoon water in a medium nonreactive heatproof bowl glass or ceramic. Fill a large bowl with ice water and set aside. Bring 2 inches water to a simmer in a saucepan over mediumlow heat.nSet the bowl with the yolk mixture over the saucepan do not let the bowl touch the water. Slowly whisk until a thermometer inserted into the yolk mixture registers 150 degrees F, 4 to 5 minutes.nSet the bowl with the yolk mixture in the ice water to stop the cooking whisk just until the mixture is lukewarm do not let it get cold.nPut the bowl with the yolk mixture on a damp towel. Add 14 teaspoon salt. Combine the oils in a measuring cup. Whisking constantly, slowly drizzle the oil into the bowl in a thin stream until smooth and thick. If at any point the oil is not emulsifying into the mixture, stop adding the oil and whisk to combine before continuing. Whisk in 1 to 2 teaspoons water if the mayonnaise is too thick. Season with salt. Cover and refrigerate up to 4 days., ingredients: [1 large egg yolk from a pasteurized egg, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar or champagne vinegar, Kosher salt, 12 cup vegetable or grapeseed oil, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Homemade Mayonnaise, picturelink: EzdYe5Whds4iscT4kAjyoVeR3dbF6dW}, 46992: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with cooking spray set aside. Soak some wooden skewers in a bowl of water for about 15 minutes.nRinse pork tenderloin with cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Trim off excess fat and silver skin. Cut into 1inch pieces. Skewer the pieces and place on baking sheet in a single layer. Sprinkle the skewers with the seasoning mix. Broil in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes, turning the skewers halfway.nPut grapes and sherry in a skillet and bring up to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer and cook until grapes just begin to split and the sauce thickens.nRemove skewers from oven and transfer to a serving platter. Spoon grapes over the pork skewers and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds pork tenderloin, 1 .88ounce packet garlic and basil veggie seasoning recommended: McCormick, 1 12 cups red grapes, washed, 12 cup sherry], title: Pork Kebobs with Red Grape Sauce, picturelink: Ek0iBD91Tg09gYSDigjfsObU0.m5zuG}, 46993: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the butter and salt and whip until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the sugar, egg, brandy, and vanilla and beat until all of the ingredients are integrated. With the mixer on low speed, gradually add sifted flour to the butter mixture. Using a rubber spatula, remove the dough and transfer it onto a piece of waxed paper or parchment. Refrigerate for about 45 minutes before rolling.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAfter the dough has cooled, pinch off small pieces and roll them into about 1inch balls. Place them in a single layer with space in between each, on a greased baking sheet. Repeat the process until all of the cookie dough has been rolled. Place a clove in the center of each cookie. Alternatively, shape the ball into half moons with a clove in the center of each.nPlace the sheets in the oven and bake until the cookies are just slightly brown, about 15 minutes. Allow them to cool thoroughly, and then roll them in powdered sugar., ingredients: [3 sticks unsalted butter, soft, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup powdered sugar, plus additional for coating, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons brandy, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, About 45 whole cloves], title: Greek Christmas Cookies Kourambiedes, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 46994: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients in a jug or container. Taste and add some sugar if desired. Serve in glasses with ice and garnished with fresh fruit, if liked., ingredients: [1 part fresh lime juice, 2 parts strawberry syrup or sugar syrup flavored with a little grenadine, 3 parts rum, 4 parts water, Sugar to taste], title: Rum Punch, picturelink: null}, 46995: {instructions: Whisk the almond flour, salt and baking soda in a bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in a separate bowl with a mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg and vanilla until smooth, then mix in the dry ingredients. Refrigerate the dough until firm, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with silicone mats or parchment paper. Drop heaping teaspoonfuls of dough about 3 inches apart on the prepared sheets. Bake until golden and crisp, about 8 minutes.nLet the cookies cool about 2 minutes on the baking sheets. One at a time, gently lift each cookie with an offset spatula. Immediately wrap it around the handle of a wooden spoon to curl. Once it sets, slide the cookie off the handle and let cool on a rack. Repeat with the remaining dough, allowing the baking sheets to cool between batches. Dont make too many cookies at once they need to be shaped while still warm. Serve with sorbet.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 14 cups almond flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Passion fruit or mango sorbet, for serving], title: Almond Tuiles, picturelink: 24RWFnLFBv6fEp43ze2wnXgTH7ltRy}, 46996: {instructions: Preheat broiler to high.nMicrowave the squash for 10 minutes on high power. Brush squash all over with maple syrup and place under broiler for about 1 12 minutes, or until golden brown. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 large butternut squash, quartered and seeded, 14 cup pure maple syrup], title: Maple Roasted Butternut Squash, picturelink: null}, 46997: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Special equipment: Four 8ounce ramekinsnFor the crust: Combine the flour, cornmeal, and salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse just until it resembles coarse crumbs.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the egg yolk and 2 tablespoons ice water. With the processor running, drizzle in the yolk mixture. The dough should just come together. If it looks dry add more water, up to 4 tablespoons.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead until it comes together it will be stiffer than a regular pie crust because of the cornmeal. Divide into four pieces, press into discs, and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the filling: Toss the potatoes, yam, parsnips, celery and mushrooms with 4 tablespoons oil.nSeason with salt and pepper and spread evenly on a baking sheet. Roast, tossing once halfway through, until golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes. You dont want to cook these all the way though since they will cook more in the pot pie. They should be al dente, but starting to get some color.nCombine the flour and remaining 4 tablespoons oil in a saucepan over medium heat and cook until smooth and bubbly like pancake batter, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the mushroom broth. Simmer until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Season to taste and remove from the heat.nAdd the roasted veggies to the mushroom broth along with the peas, thyme, rosemary and sherry vinegar. Divide the filling among four 8ounce ramekins.nRemove the dough from the fridge and roll each into a 5inch disc. Wet the rim each ramekin and lay a crust over the top. Poke each 5 or 6 times with a fork and place in the oven. Bake until the crust is golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the work surface, 34 cup white cornmeal, such as Weisenbergers, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces, 1 large egg yolk, 3 to 6 tablespoons ice water, 8 small new potatoes, medium dice about 3 cups, 1 large yam, peeled and medium dice about 3 cups, 2 parsnips, peeled and medium dice about 1 cup, 2 stalks celery, chopped about 23 cup, 12 medium shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps cut into 12inch pieces about 1 34 cups, 8 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 cups mushroom broth, warmed, 12 cup frozen peas, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and chopped, 12 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves stripped and chopped, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar], title: Veggie Pot Pie with Cornmeal Pie Crust, picturelink: .oxjUftd.bOorJyZq6UP6JVguIiZQAO}, 46998: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners.nCombine the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and eggs into the bowl of an electric stand mixer. Whip the ingredients for 8 minutes on high speed. Scrape down the bowl, and add the liquid shortening, milk and passion fruit paste. Mix 8 more minutes at medium speed. Fill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake until golden brown and baked through, about 25 minutes.nFor the vodka syrup: Bring the sugar and 1 ounce water to a gentle simmer. Remove from the heat and stir in the passion fruit vodka. Liberally douse the baked cupcakes with the syrup immediately upon removing the cupcakes from the oven. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the mango whipped cream: In the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with a whip attachment, combine the heavy whipping cream and sugar. Whip on high speed until medium peaks form. Add the mango puree, and continue whipping until stiff peaks form. Place in a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip.nTo assemble: Using an apple corer, remove the center core of the baked cupcakes and fill with raspberry marmalade. Pipe mango whipped cream generously on top of the cupcakes. Lightly sprinkle ghost chile salt evenly over the cupcakes. Place 2 pieces passion fruit crispies and a white chocolate wave on top of each cupcake., ingredients: [4 ounces cake flour, 5 14 ounces sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 ounce salt, 6 ounces whole eggs, 2 12 ounces liquid emulsified cake shortening, such as Fluid Flex, 2 ounces milk, 1 12 ounces passion fruit flavored paste, such as Albert Uster Imports, 1 ounce sugar, 2 ounces passion fruit vodka, 16 ounces heavy whipping cream, 4 ounces sugar, 8 ounces mango puree, such as Boiron, Raspberry marmalade, for filling, Ghost chile salt, for sprinkling, Passion Fruit Crispies, such as Sosa Crispies, for garnish, White chocolate waves, for garnish], title: Miami Heat, picturelink: e8NShaztqrTe8OdSTkqM530W2P1KAlW}, 46999: {instructions: Preheat oven on low broil. Have the rack about 8 inches from the broiling element. Slice the sourdough bread on the diagonal, about 12 inch thick slices. Lightly spread the pieces with the butter, then add the pistachios and the parmesan cheese, sprinkling evenly. Place under broiler and cook for 2 minutes, keeping a careful eye. When cheese just starts to melt and bread just starts to lightly tan, remove and crack the fresh pepper on top, then drizzle with the olive oil and serve., ingredients: [1 loaf seeded sourdough baguette, sliced on the diagonal 12 thick, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 14 cup parmesan cheese, grated, 12 cup pistachios, shelled and finely chopped, 2 teaspoons black pepper, freshly cracked, 13 cup Good quality olive oil for garnish], title: Pistachio Parmesan Crostini, picturelink: fjbiPAE0Kn.OKY5QSVVWQ0OlMUDlcdG}, 47000: {instructions: Mix first five ingredients in a shaker. Strain and serve over ice. Top with a splash of club soda. Garnish with fresh grapefruit peel., ingredients: [1 12 ounce of 100 percent Blue Agave Tequila, 8 ounces fresh squeezed grapefruit, 4 ounces simple syrup, 1 ounce soda water or club soda, Garnish with fresh grapefruit peel], title: Paloma, picturelink: InK4lsODpkB3mvcZJAVllFUa47HIslm}, 47001: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and cut into 34inch dice. Place the baking potatoes in a large saucepan with 2 quarts cold, lightly salted water. Bring to a boil and cook for 4 minutes. Add the sweet potatoes and simmer until both types of potatoes are just tender, 4 to 6 minutes, 10 to 12 minutes in all. Drain the potatoes in a colander.nMeanwhile, prepare the dressing. In a large salad bowl combine the mayonnaise and mustard and whisk until smooth. Whisk in the oil, vinegar, capers, green olives, and pepper. Stir in the drained potatoes while still hot and let cool.nStir in the celery, eggs, scallions, onion, and parsley. Correct the seasoning, adding salt or vinegar: the salad should be highly seasoned. Clean the edges of the bowl with a rubber spatula or a paper towel. Decorate the top of the salad with a black olive and parsley sprigs and serve at once., ingredients: [2 baking potatoes about 114 pounds, 2 sweet potatoes about 114 pounds, Salt, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijonstyle mustard, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped pitted green olives with or without pimientos, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 stalks celery with leaves if possible, finely chopped, 2 hard cooked eggs, coarsely chopped optional, 3 scallions, finely chopped, 12 red onion, finely diced about 12 cup, 14 cup chopped flat leaf parsley, plus a few sprigs, for garnish, 8 pitted black olives, rinsed and blotted dry], title: TwoTone Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 47002: {instructions: Special equipment: Stovetop smokernSalmon: Soak wood chips in a large bowl of cold water for at least 30 minutes. Toast the whole spices in a small skillet over medium heat until aromatic, about 1 minute. Cool and grind in a spice mill or clean coffee grinder. Add the salt and set aside. Rub the salmon thoroughly with 34 teaspoon of the rub and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Save extra spice rub in a sealed container for up to 3 months.nDrain the chips and scatter in the bottom of the stovetop smoker. Heat the chips over mediumlow heat until smoky, about 10 minutes. Cook the salmon, covered and skin side down, on a rack in the smoker, until just cooked through, about 15 minutes. Set aside on a rack to cool to room temperature. Refrigerate if not serving right away.nCrema: Stir all the the ingredients together to make a smooth sauce.nCut or flake the salmon into even portions. Serve salmon with warmed corn tortillas, or on black bread or sliced cucumbers with a drizzle of the chipotle crema., ingredients: [Mesquite chips, 1 tablespoon whole coriander seed, 2 teaspoons whole cumin seed, 1 teaspoon whole allspice berries, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound centercut salmon fillet, skin on, 14 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 34 teaspoon minced chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, or to taste, 12 teaspoon freshlysqueezed lime juice, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, For serving: Corn tortillas, black bread, or cucumber slices, as desired.], title: HotSmoked Salmon and Chipotle Crema, picturelink: null}, 47003: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRub the brisket generously with spice blend, cover with plastic wrap and let marinate overnight in refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the roast, fat cap up, in a roasting pan. Add 1 cup water to the pan and roast the brisket uncovered for 1 hour.nIn a medium bowl, combine the coffee, brown sugar, pepper, to taste, 3 cups hot water and cider vinegar.nRemove the brisket from the oven, pour the coffee mixture over the brisket, cover with foil and braise until brisket reaches an internal temperature of 185 and is fork tender, about 3 hours. Remove to a carving board to let rest.nSimmer the braising liquid in the roasting pan on the stovetop, skimming fat and allow to reduce just slightly or to desired consistency.nThinly slice beef across the grain. Dip the meat slices or the cut sides of the rolls in the reduced sauce. Make sandwiches with the meat and serve. Pour the remaining sauce into a small bowl and serve it with the sandwiches., ingredients: [1 6pound beef brisket, trimmed of fat, 12 cup BBQ spice blend, be sure and check sodium levels, 4 cups water 1 cup cold, 3 cups hot, 1 tablespoon very finely ground coffee, 14 cup dark brown sugar, Freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup cider vinegar, preferably unfiltered, 6 potato or dinner rolls, split], title: Braised Beef Brisket, picturelink: DyuQhV5rfClz..FwqWqMaVpODMDdX7C}, 47004: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the cashews on a baking sheet and place in the oven. Toast the cashews for 10 minutes, or until golden brown. Be sure to watch the cashews carefully so they dont burn Remove the cashews from the oven and cool. In a saucepan copper works best, add the sugar and the water. Bring the mixture to a boil. Once the mixture is boiling and the sugar has dissolved, add the cashews. Continue cooking the mixture, stirring constantly. The sugar will thicken, and then become granular again, continue stirring. The sugar will then begin to turn back into a clear liquid. When all of the sugar has turned into a clear liquid, remove the pan from the heat, stirring constantly. Once the sugar begins to turn a golden color, spoon the nuts onto a parchment paper lined sheet pan. Allow to cool., ingredients: [2 cups cashews, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water], title: Candied Cashews, picturelink: null}, 47005: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSet the puff pastry on a baking sheet. Form the sausage into a log and place it onto the pastry. Pull one side of the pastry over the sausage and pinch the edge to create a sausage roll. The sausage should be sticking out of each end of the puff pastry roll. Brush the pastry with the beaten egg and bake until golden brown.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 sheet puff pastry, 4 ounces greatquality pork sausage, 1 egg, beaten], title: Sausage Roll, picturelink: sgWablfVcf5m0B.2ilSLZrqgQDaYKJy}, 47006: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the mortadella, prosciutto, salami, ricotta, mozzarella, Parmesan and three of the eggs. Mix with a rubber spatula until combined. Lay out one sheet of puff pastry and roll it with a rolling pin just to flatten slightly. With the pastry set at an angle so that one corner is facing you, spread half of the mortadella mixture onto the half of the puff pastry that is closest to you. Brush the edges with some of the remaining beaten egg. Fold the pastry corner farthest from you over the filling to form a calzoneshaped triangle. Seal the edges either by crimping with your fingers or by using the tines of a fork. Set the pizza on a parchmentlined baking sheet and brush the outside with the remaining egg wash. Cut a slit in the top for ventilation. Repeat with remaining sheet of puff pastry and the remaining filling. Bake for 30 minutes, or until puffed, golden and cooked all the way through.nLet rest for 10 minutes before cutting., ingredients: [14 pound mortadella, cut into 12inch pieces, 14 pound prosciutto cotto, cut into 12inch pieces, 14 pound salami, cut into 12inch pieces, One 15ounce container partskim ricotta, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 1 cup Parmesan cheese, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, One 17.3ounce package frozen puff pastry 2 sheets, thawed], title: Pizza Rustica, picturelink: yFFWT8wDAvBRFOgpRAoRB9ibZM2avX6}, 47007: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the apples, raisins, brown sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a baking dish. Bake until the fruit is tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow the mixture to cool. Increase the oven temperature to 450 degrees F.nLay the 3 sheets of phyllo in a stack on a large nonstick baking sheet. Mound the fruit mixture in a row running along 1 of the short sides of the phyllo, leaving about 1 12 inches empty around the apples on the sides. Fold the close short side over the apples and fold in the long sides. Roll the phyllo and filling over onto itself to form a strudel roll. Place the roll seam side on the baking sheet. Brush the top of the strudel with the butter. Score the strudel with a sharp knife to mark the 6 portions.nBake to a golden brown, about 10 to 15 minutes. Allow to cool for 10 minutes, then cut into portions. Decorate 6 dessert plates with the berry sauce and top with the pieces of strudel. Dust with a sifting of the confectioners sugar, if using, and serve.nCombine all the ingredients in a blender. Puree until smooth. Push through a fine sieve to remove the seeds. Use as directed., ingredients: [4 medium Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, quartered, and thinly sliced, 14 cup golden raisins, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 14 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 3 phyllo sheets, 1 tablespoon clarified butter, 13 cup fresh Berry Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, optional, 12 cup fresh berries raspberries, blueberries or sliced strawberries, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons Kirschwasser cherry brandy, optional, 2 tablespoons white wine], title: Apple Strudel with Fresh Berry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 47008: {instructions: 1. Put pomegranate juice and cider in a saucepan along with dried fruits, orange zest and spices.n2. Warm gently over low heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 30 minutes. Take care not to let the mixture boil.n3. Serve in mugs with spices, dried fruit and a splash of your favorite liquor., ingredients: [4 cups pomegranate juice, 3 cups cider, 6 dried pears, 6 dried apples, 23 strips orange zest, 5 cardamom pods, 1 cinnamon stick, 5 allspice berries, 1 star anise, Brandy, rum, vodka or port, strong, Kitchen Tools:, strong, Measuring Spoons, Mugs, Zester, Saucepan], title: Mulled PomegranateApple Cider, picturelink: null}, 47009: {instructions: If you want spicy harissa, include the chiles seeds if not, slit them open to remove and discard the seeds. Tear the chiles into large pieces and place them in a medium bowl. Carefully pour 4 cups boiling water over chiles and set aside until softened, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the coriander and cumin seeds in a small skillet and cook over medium heat, swirling the pan often, until the spices are fragrant and lightly toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the spices into a blender, add the oil, salt, garlic and lemon juice, and puree until smooth. Drain the chiles, reserving 1 cup of the soaking liquid discard remaining liquid. Add the chiles and reserved liquid to the blender and puree on high until very smooth, about 2 minutes. Season the harissa with pepper and transfer to an airtight container. Refrigerate for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [10 dried New Mexico chiles 2 ounces, stems removed, 8 dried guajillo chiles 1 12 ounces, stems removed, 12 teaspoon whole coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon whole cumin seeds, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 6 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, Juice of 1 lemon about 2 tablespoons, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Harissa, picturelink: WO7UVRcsv1cX94769xc51PRgrRWYhh.}, 47010: {instructions: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter an 8inch square baking pan.nSlice the apples from top to bottom using a mandoline, Benriner or a sharp knife, turning the fruit as you reach the core. The slices should be about 116 inch thickelegantly thin, but not so thin that theyre transparent and fragile. Discard the cores.nWhisk the flour and baking powder together in a small bowl.nWorking in a large bowl with a whisk, beat the eggs, sugar and salt together for about 2 minutes, until the sugar just about dissolves and, more important, the eggs are pale. Whisk in the vanilla, followed by the milk and melted butter. Turn the flour into the bowl and stir with the whisk until the batter is smooth. Add the apples to the bowl, switch to a flexible spatula and gently fold the apples into the batter, turning everything around until each thin slice is coated in batter. Scrape the batter into the pan and smooth the top as evenly as you canit will be bumpy thats its nature.nBake for 40 to 50 minutes, or until golden brown, uniformly puffed make sure the middle of the cake has risenand a knife inserted into the center comes out clean. Transfer the cake to a rack and allow to cool for at least 15 minutes.nUsing a long chefs knife, cut the cake into 8 squares in the pan being careful not to damage the pan, or unmold the cake onto a rack, flip it onto a plate and cut into squares. Either way, give the squares a dusting of confectioners sugar before serving, if youd like., ingredients: [3 medium juicy, sweet apples, such as Gala orFuji, peeled, 12 cup 68 grams allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 13 cup 67 grams sugar, Pinch of fine sea salt, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 6 tablespoons whole milk at room temperature, 2 tablespoons 1 ounce 28 grams unsalted butter, melted and cooled, Confectioners sugar, for dusting optional], title: Custardy Apple Squares, picturelink: 4.5BgLHDLlYOk4Qq4Hx2LqcnYA9OV6}, 47011: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking.nCook bacon slices in a microwave oven for about 1 minute, or pan fry until the edges begin to curl but the bacon is still flexible. Drain well.nWrap each frank in a slice of bacon, securing the ends with toothpicks set aside.nToss onion slices with olive oil. Grill baconwrapped franks and onion slices on hot oiled grill, for 4 to 5 minutes per side 16 to 20 minutes total. Turn onions everytime you turn franks.nServe hot on toasted buns with lots of condiments.nINDOOR: Prepare dogs as directed. Preheat broiler. Place dogs on wire rack over foillined baking sheet or broiler pan. Place under broiler 4 to 6 inches from heat source and cook 3 to 4 minutes per side or until bacon is crispy., ingredients: [4 slices thick cut bacon recommended: Oscar Mayer, 4 hearty beef franks recommended: Ball Park, 1 white onion, sliced in rings, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Hot Dog buns, Sauerkraut recommended: Claussen, Nacho rings recommended: Embassa, Sweet relish recommended: Vlasic, Yellow mustard, Ketchup], title: Fountain Dogs, picturelink: UZ2rCOmaIQivYq0psB1g06TsdiiMMcG}, 47012: {instructions: In a medium skillet, over a high heat, melt the butter. Saute the mushrooms 3 to 4 minutes. Add the onion, cook until translucent then add the garlic for a minute or so, then the spices. Cook until the mixture is fairly dry. Cool.nIn a food processor fitted with a metal blade or blender, chop the cashews finely and slowly add the oil to make a paste. Add the mushroom mixture and continue mixing until smooth. Taste and add more chile powder or salt, if necessary. Place in a serving bowl and sprinkle with chopped parsley. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [4 tablespoons whole butter, unsweetened, 1 pound mushrooms, sliced, 12 large onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 teaspoons chile powder, or to taste, 1 teaspoon sea salt, or to taste, 1 teaspoon coriander, 14 teaspoon cumin, 1 cup roasted cashews, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, Freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Killer Chilied Mushroom and Cashew Pate, picturelink: null}, 47013: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with paper liners for a total of 36 mini cupcakes.nFor the vanilla bean cupcake: In a small bowl, combine the selfrising and allpurpose flours. Set aside.nUsing a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter on medium speed until smooth. Add the sugar gradually and beat until fluffy. Beat in the egg. Add the flour mixture in two parts, alternating with the milk and vanilla extract, and mix until well blended. Fold in the vanilla bean paste.nFor the salted caramel: Cook the sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat, whisking it occasionally as it melts, until it turns a deep amber color. Add the butter and stir until melted. Add the heavy cream and whisk until the caramel is smooth. Remove from the heat and let cool in a glass bowl. Add the fleur de sel.nFor the salted caramel cheesecake: Mix together the cream cheese, sugar, vanilla and egg in a stand mixer with the whisk attachment until fluffy and smooth, about 3 minutes. Mix in a third of the salted caramel.nLayer the cupcake liners with some of the vanilla bean cupcake batter first. Add a drizzle of the salted caramel not too much before adding a layer of the salted caramel cheesecake batter. Fill the liners with both batters about threequarters full because the cupcakes will rise. Depending on your layering technique, you may have more of one batter than the other. You can always make straight cupcakes or cheesecakes with the extra batter.nBake about 18 minutes. Set aside to cool completely.nFor the vanilla bean mascarpone frosting: Beat the mascarpone, butter and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer. Add the confectioners sugar and beat until fluffy.nFrost the cooled cupcakes with the frosting, decorating with the extra caramel., ingredients: [6 tablespoons selfrising flour, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg, at room temperature, 14 cup milk, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon vanilla bean paste, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon heavy cream, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon fleur de sel, One 8ounce package cream cheese, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 egg, 8 ounces mascarpone, at room temperature, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla bean paste, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar], title: Diamonds and Salted Caramel Are a Girls Best Friend Cheesecake Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 47014: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix all ingredients, except olive oil and pita bread, in food processor until pureed, then slowly add in olive oil.nLet set up for 1 hour prior to serving.nServe with toasted pita bread., ingredients: [16 ounces chickpeas, 6 ounces roasted red bell peppers, 1 jalapeno, seeded, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon paprika, 3 tablespoons chopped onion, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper in adobo, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Toasted pita bread, for serving], title: Roasted Red Bell Pepper Hummus, picturelink: iL5NRvPDEC1CKKCOsIVqL2m0vU4XOmi}, 47015: {instructions: Special equipment: an instantread thermometer and a fat separatornFor the turkey breast: Prepare the turkey breasts for brining 1 day in advance. Bring 1 gallon of water to a boil in a large pot and whisk in the full jar of turkey brine mix. Cook, stirring, until the brine mix is dissolved then remove from the heat. Add 2 gallons of ice and stir until dissolved and the liquid is cool to the touch. Put the turkey breasts in the brine, cover and refrigerate for 12 to 24 hours.nRemove the turkey breasts from the brine and place in a colander. Rinse thoroughly, then transfer to a papertowellined baking sheet. Dry both turkey breasts with paper towels and use your fingers to create a pocket between the breast meat and skin. Coat each breast with the softened butter, being sure to push the butter into the pocket underneath the skin.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Drizzle 3 tablespoons of the oil onto a baking sheet.nPut the carrots, garlic, celery, lemon and onion on the baking sheet. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Toss the vegetables to coat with the oil and spread in an even layer. Put the rosemary, thyme and sage on top of the vegetables and season with 1 tablespoon of the poultry seasoning. Put both turkey breasts on top skinside up and season with the remaining poultry seasoning. Drizzle the remaining 1 tablespoon oil over the turkey breasts and roast until the skin is crisp and an instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the breasts reads 165 degrees F, about 1 hour.nAllow the roasted turkey to rest on the baking sheet for 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board. Pour the juices remaining in the baking sheet into a fat separator for use in the turkey gravy.nFor the biscuits: Separate the dough into biscuits and arrange them on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Brush the top of each biscuit with melted butter and sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon grated Cheddar. Bake according to the package directions until golden brown. Set aside and keep warm.nFor the home fries: Put the frozen potato chunks on a baking sheet. Drizzle with the oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss to coat the potatoes and roast according to the package directions until golden brown and crispy. Set aside and keep warm.nFor the turkey gravy: Put the turkey gravy in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the chicken stock and the defatted liquid from the baking sheet. Cook about 3 minutes. Add the Cheddar and cook, stirring, until melted and smooth, about 2 minutes more. Stir in the dried sage and a pinch of black pepper. Set aside and keep warm.nFor the cranberry relish: Stir together the cranberry sauce, lemon zest, cinnamon, a pinch of salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl.nTo assemble the sandwiches: Slice the turkey breasts into 14 to 38inchthick slices and halve each biscuit. Melt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Working in batches, fry the eggs until the whites are set and the yolks are runny, about 3 minutes each. Sprinkle each egg with a pinch of salt and black pepper.nPlace a heaping tablespoon of cranberry sauce on the bottom half of each biscuit. Top the cranberry sauce with 13 cup home fries. Top the home fries with 3 slices of roasted turkey breast. Drizzle each sandwich with 2 tablespoons of warm gravy and top with more cranberry sauce. Gently place a fried egg on top of each and sprinkle with the parsley. Top each sandwich with the top half of the biscuits and serve immediately., ingredients: [One 11ounce jar turkey brine mix, Two 3 to 4pound boneless skinon turkey breasts, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 carrots, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 lemon, sliced into rounds, 1 yellow onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh sage, 2 tablespoons poultry seasoning, One 16.3ounce package buttermilk biscuit dough, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup grated extrasharp Cheddar, One 1pound bag frozen potato chunks, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 12ounce jar prepared turkey gravy, 14 cup chicken stock, 13 cup grated extrasharp Cheddar, 1 teaspoon dried sage, Freshly ground black pepper, One 14ounce can wholeberry cranberry sauce, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 pinch ground cinnamon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Thanksgiving Turkey Biscuit Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 47016: {instructions: Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt and cinnamon in a large bowl. Add the buttermilk and eggs. Whisk together, gradually incorporating the flour mixture, just until combined. Add the banana slices and gently combine the batter may be slightly lumpy. Let stand 10 minutes.nPlace a griddle pan over medium heat. Add the canola oil and butter. Using a ladle, pour 12 cup batter for each pancake, roughly 2 inches apart. When small bubbles appear across the surface of the pancakes and the edges lift from the griddle, flip and continue cooking until the pancakes are golden brown on the second side, about 4 minutes per side. Continue with the remaining batter.nIn a small dish using a rubber spatula, mix the peanut butter and maple syrup until combined. For each sandwich, spread some peanut butter mixture over a pancake, then top with another pancake., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 2 medium bananas, cut into 12inch slices, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 14 cup peanut butter, 2 tablespoons maple syrup], title: Banana Pancake Sandwich and Peanut Butter Maple Spread, picturelink: 4notBAM6hEZVLAnHmabKjNPrhQGmE.C}, 47017: {instructions: Season pork chops with seasoning salt and pepper, coat completely with flour. Heat oil in heavy skillet. Add pork chops and brown on each side about 3 minutes per side. Remove and set aside. Add sliced onions to the pan drippings and cook for 1 minute. Add remaining flour continue to stir until onions and flour begin to brown. Add 2 cups of water and bring to a boil, stir until incorporated and return pork chops to the gravy, cover skillet, reduce heat and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes until gravy is thick and pork chops are tender., ingredients: [4 center cut pork chops 1inch thick, 2 teaspoons seasoning salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 13 cup flour, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 onions, sliced], title: Reign Smothered Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 47018: {instructions: Spray a large saucepan with 4 sprays of olive oil spray. Add half the garlic and half the onion and a pinch of red chili flakes and cook over medium heat until tender, about 2 minutes. Add half the chicken stock, tomato puree and diced tomatoes and simmer over low heat for an hour.nPreheat the broiler. Meanwhile, using the tip of a knife, score the eggplant deeply and sprinkle with salt. Place the eggplant cutside up and cook under the broiler until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Remove the eggplant from the broiler and place on a plate and microwave on high until tender, about 2 minutes. Let cool.nIn a large bowl, add the meats and mix gently to incorporate. Place the egg white, remaining chicken stock, onion, garlic and parsley in the beaker of a blender and blend until smooth, about 30 seconds. Add the mixture to the bowl with the meats, add the cheese and crumble the kamut in with your fingers. Sprinkle with salt and chili flakes.nScoop the eggplant pulp out of its skin and let any excess water drip off. Measure out 12 cup of the pulp, and then lightly chop and add to the meat mixture, folding in to incorporate. With the use of a tablespoon, measure out 16 even heaping mounds on to a clean work surface and then form into balls with your hands.nSpray a large nonstick saute pan with 4 sprays of olive oil spray and heat over mediumhigh heat. Once the pan is hot, add half of the meatballs and cook until lightly browned on one side, about 1 minute. Roll the meatballs on the other side and brown evenly, about 2 minutes. Remove the browned meatballs from the pan and then spray the pan with 4 more sprays and repeat the browning with the rest of the meatballs. Add the meatballs to the sauce and simmer very slowly for an hour.nMeanwhile, bring 4 quarts of water to a simmer and then add 1 tablespoon of salt. Drop the pasta in the water and cook per manufacturers instructions. Place 4 meatballs each on 4 plates, and then add the spaghetti to the remaining sauce in the pan with 12 cup of the pasta water and cook until the sauce holds well on the pasta. Evenly distribute the pasta to each of the 4 plates., ingredients: [Olive oil cooking spray, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup chopped onion, Dried red chili flakes, 1 cup fatfree reduced sodium chicken stock, such as College Inn FatFree Light Sodium, 1 12 cups red pack tomato puree, 1 12 cups red pack diced tomatoes, 12 medium eggplant, halved lengthwise, Salt, 6 ounces lean ground turkey breast, such as JennieO, 4 ounces 94percent fatfree ground beef sirloin, such as Lauras Lean 94percent, 2 ounces extralean ground pork, such as Farmer Johns, 1 egg white, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 12 ounce ParmigianoReggiano, 2 cups puffed kamut, 6 ounces 100percent kamut spaghetti], title: Spaghetti with My Mamas Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 47019: {instructions: Fill bucket glass with ice. Pour equal parts orange juice and pineapple juice, almost to top. Drizzle grenadine into the juice mixture. Pour into a shaker and shake well. Pour back into bucket and add a splash of lemonlime soda. Garnish with a maraschino cherry., ingredients: [Orange juice, Pineapple juice, Grenadine syrup, Lemonlime soda, Maraschino cherry], title: Virgin Fruit Punch, picturelink: null}, 47020: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nClick here to see how she does it.nIn a small bowl, stir together the yogurt, oil, lemon juice, garlic, dill, and salt and pepper.nHeat 2 teaspoons of oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until soft and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the spinach and cook until wilted, about 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat. Add the feta cheese, dill and 14 teaspoon black pepper and stir to combine.nDivide the turkey into 4 equal sized rounds. Make 2 equal sized patties out of each round so you have 8 patties total. Put 2 tablespoons of the spinachfeta mixture onto half of the patties. Top with remaining patties working the turkey around the edges to seal burgers closed. Season the burgers on both sides with the salt and remaining 14 teaspoon pepper.nSpray a nonstick grill pan with cooking spray and heat over mediumhigh heat, or prepare the grill. Grill the patties until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side.nTo serve, place a burger on the bottom half of each bun, top with about 2 tablespoons of yogurt sauce, then 2 or 3 cucumber slices and a lettuce leaf. Top with the other half of the bun and serve., ingredients: [12 cup nonfat Greek style yogurt, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh dill leaves, 18 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 small onion, chopped, 2 cups lightly packed baby spinach leaves, coarsely chopped, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, or 1 teaspoon dried, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 pounds lean ground turkey breast, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 wholewheat burger buns, 14 English cucumber, thinly sliced, 4 small leaves romaine lettuce, hard ribs removed], title: My Big Fat Greek Burgers, picturelink: BeNBa9i6Z83MX7jPtLiWmYElCtSifBS}, 47021: {instructions: Put everything except the vanilla in a pot and bring it to a boil, then turn down to a simmer. Continue cooking until it looks like it is broken and separating this will take about 30 minutes. Take it off the heat, whisk in the vanilla, and then blend it with a hand blender to smooth it out. Chill until ready to serve then heat it up.nPour over scoops of ice cream, topped with whipped cream, and chopped peanuts., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 3 cups cream, 14 cup light corn syrup, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 14 cup butter, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream, Chopped nuts], title: Hot Fudge Sundae, picturelink: null}, 47022: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F.n2. MIX sour cream and salsa until well blended.n3. Cook and stir onions and garlic in hot oil in large skillet on medium heat 4 to 5 min. or until vegetables are crisptender.n4. Stir in chicken, 1 cup sour cream mixture, chiles and 12 cup cheese .n5. SPOON about 13 cup chicken mixture down center of each tortillan6. Roll up.n7. Place, seamsides down, in 13x9inch baking dish sprayed with cooking spray. Top with remaining tomatillo sauce and cheese. Cover.n8. BAKE 15 to 20 min. or until heated through.nServing Suggestion:nServe with a side of hot cooked rice to round out the meal.nSpecial Extra:nSprinkle with chopped tomatoes and sliced green onions just before serving.nVariation:nPrepare as directed, omitting the oil and substituting 1 lb. extralean ground beef for the chicken. Brown meat with onions and garlic continue as directed.nHow to Shred Cooked Chicken:nPlace cooked chicken on cutting board. Use 2 forks or your fingers to pull meat lengthwise in opposite directions, separating it into long shreds., ingredients: [1 cup BREAKSTONES or KNUDSEN Sour Cream, 1 cup tomatillo salsa, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tsp. oil, 3 cups shredded cooked chicken breasts, 1 can 4 oz. chopped green chiles, drained, 112 cups KRAFT Mexican Style Shredded Four Cheese with a Touch of PHILADELPHIA, 8 flour tortillas 6 inch], title: Creamy Chicken Enchiladas Verde, picturelink: null}, 47023: {instructions: Special equipment: Waffle ironnPreheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F to keep cooked waffles warm. Whisk together the flour, cornmeal, oats, wheat germ, if using, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a large bowl. Whisk together the buttermilk, oil, sugar and eggs in another bowl. Pour the buttermilk mixture into the flour mixture and gently stir until just incorporated its okay if there are some lumps.nLightly brush the top and bottom of the waffle iron with oil. Fill the waffle iron about threequarters of the way full some waffle iron should still be showing. Close the lid gently and cook until the waffles are golden brown and crisp, 6 to 7 minutes. Keep the cooked waffles warm in the oven or covered with foil on a plate while you make the remaining waffles.nTop each waffle with yogurt and fruit preserves, if desired., ingredients: [1 12 cups wholewheat pastry flour, 14 cup cornmeal, 14 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 tablespoon wheat germ, optional, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 3 tablespoons grapeseed or vegetable oil, plus more for brushing waffle iron, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, Plain lowfat yogurt and your favorite fruit preserves, for topping, optional], title: Multigrain Waffles, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 47024: {instructions: Preheat outdoor grill to medium heat and oil the grates using a brush or paper towel.nIn a small bowl, mix the chile powder, salt, and pepper together. Coat the yellowtail fillets with a light layer of olive oil and sprinkle with the chile mixture. Place each fillet flesh side down on a hot grill and cook for about 3 minutes. Flip fillets over and cook for an additional 3 minutes. Remove from grill and top with Mango Salsa.nTo make mango salsa, combine all ingredients together in a medium bowl and stir well. Keep refrigerated until ready to use., ingredients: [4 6 ounce yellowtail fillets silver perch and yellowtail snapper are ok substitutes, 4 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 4 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons black pepper, Olive oil, Mango Salsa, recipe follows, 2 mangoes, small dice, 1 medium red onion, small dice, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded, small dice, 2 jalapeno peppers, minced, 14 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, 12 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 large limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, Pepper], title: Grilled Yellowtail with Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 47025: {instructions: Special equipment: A waffle ironnSift together the flour, whole wheat flour, sugar, mustard, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, melted butter, and eggs. Combine the wet ingredients, dry ingredients, and thyme to form waffle batter.nLadle the batter into the waffle iron, following the manufacturers instructions. While the waffle iron is closed, trim any overflow with the back of a knife. Cook until golden.nServe waffles hot, topped with hot Roasted Chicken and a generous amount of hot Dijon Cream Sauce.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a large ovenproof skillet over high heat. Meanwhile, rub the chicken breasts with the clarified butter, salt, and pepper. Place the chicken skinside down in the hot skillet. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes until the skin is golden and crispy. Turn the breasts over and cook for another minute. Flip the chicken back onto the skin side and place the skillet directly in the oven. Roast for 10 to 12 minutes or until the juices run clear see Cooks Note. Remove the skillet from the oven and let the chicken rest for several minutes before slicing see Cooks Note.nDiagonally slice each chicken breast into 3 pieces.nIn a stainlesssteel saucepan, combine the cream and thyme. Cook over mediumhigh heat until reduced by one half. Remove from the heat and whisk in both Dijon mustards and salt. Serve warm.nThe sauce can be stored in a covered container in the refrigerator for several days. Reheat over gentle heat while stirring constantly., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, Roasted Chicken, recipe follows, Dijon Cream Sauce, recipe follows, 8 boneless chicken breasts, skin on, 4 tablespoons clarified butter See Cooks Note, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, for seasoning, 4 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 12 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon grainy Dijon mustard, Pinch kosher salt], title: Chicken and Waffles, picturelink: null}, 47026: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 18inch high styrofoam cone White craft paper Purple sanding sugar Purple satin ribbon Small handful faux violet flowers Pearltopped straight pins 50 toothpicksnLine 2 sheet pans with wax paper, unwrap all the fortune cookies, and pour the sanding sugar into a shallow bowl.nIn a glass bowl in the microwave, melt 1 bag of white chocolate chips in 30 second intervals, being sure to stir the chocolate frequently. When completely melted, dip half of the fortune cookies from the pointed end and the other half from the rounded end. Dip in the bowl with purple sanding sugar while still wet. Place on the wax paperlined sheet pans and allow to set up.nTo make the royal icing, beat together the confectioners sugar and meringue powder with the lemon juice. Slowly add in the water until smooth and thick the icing should not be runny.nTo assemble, cover the styrofoam cone with craft paper, using tape to secure. Start on the bottom row with the cookies dipped from the rounded end. Put a dollop of royal icing on the back of a cookie and press gently against the cone. Hold for a few seconds. Repeat around the base. Allow icing to set 5 minutes before continuing to the next row. To help secure each cookie you can also use toothpicks inserted into the cone through the fold in the middle of each cookie. Using cookies dipped from the pointed end, adhere around the cone above the first row in the same manner. Repeat, alternating rows between cookies dipped on the rounded and pointed ends, allowing each row to set for 20 minutes in between. Dont worry if they dont line up perfectly, the spaces will be covered later with ribbon. When complete, stick 2 cookies together with icing and place on the very top. Allow to dry for a few hours.nTo finish, using purple satin ribbon, start at the top and make loops by securing into the empty spaces with the pearltopped pins. Scatter the violets throughout, securing to the cone in the same manner. Gently place atop a cake stand in the center of your table., ingredients: [4 3ounce boxes fortune cookies, 2 12ounce bags white chocolate chips, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons meringue powder, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 13 to 34 cup warm water], title: Tablescape Centerpiece: Fortune Bush, picturelink: r4O8TGeV93iyTBdNC2NcIP7YLvE6S}, 47027: {instructions: Put the tuna in a food processor and pulse to break up the fish. With the machine running, add the butter, cream, balsamic vinegar, and soy sauce and blend until smooth. Then stop the machine and scrape down the sides of the processor bowl. Add the lemon juice and pulse again. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and blend again. Check the seasoning.nServe at room temperature, or cover and refrigerate for up to 4 days. If refrigerated, return the spuma to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 can 7 ounces or 200 grams imported olive oilpacked tuna, drained, 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tuna Mousse: Spuma di Tonno, picturelink: null}, 47028: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker combine Stirrings Simple Syrup, Smirnoff Vanilla Flavored Vodka, coffeeespresso and cream optional with plenty of ice. Cover and shake vigorously. Strain into a martini glass. Garnish with strawberry slice. Serve hot or cold., ingredients: [0.5 oz. Stirrings Simple Syrup, 1.5 oz. Smirnoff Vanilla Flavored Vodka, 1 oz. dark black coffee or espresso, 1 splashes cream, 1 slices strawberry], title: Latte Martini, picturelink: null}, 47029: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the broth and water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add chicken to broth and simmer, covered, for 8 minutes. Turn the heat off and let chicken stand in the cooking liquid, covered, until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove the chicken from the broth and cool completely in the refrigerator. Cut into 14inch dice. Toast the almonds in a small dry skillet over mediumhigh heat until fragrant and beginning to turn golden, 2 to 3 minutes.nIn a large bowl, stir together the yogurt, mayonnaise, and curry powder. Fold in the chicken, grapes and cilantro and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nIn a large bowl, toss the greens with the oil, lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the greens on 4 individual plates, top with a scoop of the chicken salad and sprinkle with the almonds.nExcellent source of: Protein, Vitamin A, Niacin, Vitamin B6, Phosphorus, SeleniumnGood source of: Riboflavin, Vitamin C, Calcium, Iron, Magnesium, Manganese, Potassium, ingredients: [1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup water, 1 14 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast halves, no more than 34inch thick, 14 cup sliced almonds, 12 cup nonfat plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 cup halved red grapes, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 ounces mixed greens about 5 cups lightly packed, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon lemon juice], title: Curried Chicken Salad, picturelink: cvwKk9G8s2TtTXdqyld..vNm0TIwq}, 47030: {instructions: In a wok or large frying pan heat the oil over high heat until very hot. Add the bok choy and stirfry until they begin to soften slightly, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the soy sauce, vinegar and sesame oil and cook until just done, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Sprinkle with sesame seeds and serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoons canola oil, 2 pounds baby bok choy, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds], title: Sesame StirFried Chinese Greens, picturelink: M1fu.N23r2WCgHxswg4hojQWSKSIEC}, 47031: {}, 47032: {instructions: Blanch and shock spinach. Squeeze out all water from spinach. Place spinach, cream, sour cream and cilantro in a food processor. Puree until smooth. Season with salt, L.A spice and lime juice., ingredients: [2 ounces spinach, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 cups sour cream, 2 12 ounces cilantro, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon L.A. spice, 2 limes, juiced], title: Cilantro Cream, picturelink: null}, 47033: {instructions: For the glutenfree flour blend: In a large bowl, whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt.nFor the pancakes: In another large bowl, whisk together 1 cup of the glutenfree flour blend, almond flour, millet flour, baking powder and salt. Reserve the remaining glutenfree flour blend for another use.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the milk, eggs, oil, honey, vanilla extract and almond extract if using stir into the flour mixture until combined.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or griddle and grease with butter. Scoop 14cup mounds of batter into the skillet and spread to make 3inch rounds. Cook over medium heat until the pancakes are golden on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until fluffy and cooked through, about 2 minutes more. Transfer the pancakes to plates and top with the almonds and maple syrup., ingredients: [3 cups 435 grams white rice flour, 1 12 cups 187 grams tapioca flour, 34 cup 123 grams potato starch, 1 tablespoon 8 grams xanthan gum, 1 12 teaspoons 5 grams salt, 14 cup almond flour, 14 cup millet flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups milk, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 14 cup canola oil, plus more for the griddle, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, optional, 14 cup glutenfree oldfashioned rolled oats, Unsalted butter, for greasing, Sliced almonds, toasted, for topping, Pure maple syrup, warm, for topping], title: GlutenFree HoneyNutsnOats Pancakes, picturelink: HlWrUyHrZy1nMt4J4Ye94GGBhPO3Cne}, 47034: {instructions: Combine the orange juice, orange slices, ginger liqueur, raspberries, strawberries, lemon slices, wine and whiskey in a large pitcher. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours 30 minutes, then serve over ice in rocks glasses., ingredients: [2 cups fresh orange juice, plus 1 orange, sliced, 7 ounces ginger liqueur, 1 cup raspberries, 1 cup strawberries, sliced, 1 lemon, sliced, One 750milliliter bottle sweet white wine, such as Moscato or Riesling, Onehalf 375milliliter bottle whiskey 14 ounces, Ice, for serving], title: Southern Sangria, picturelink: null}, 47035: {instructions: Place the apple juice, blackberries, raspberries, ice cream, strawberries, and ice in the blender. Blend on high until smooth. Pour into 2 tall frosted glasses. Enjoy on an outdoor patio., ingredients: [12 cup apple juice, 12 cup fresh blackberries, chilled, 12 cup fresh red raspberries, chilled, 12 cup superpremium vanilla ice cream, 14 cup honey, 4 medium strawberries, sliced  chilled, 2 cups ice cubes small ones work best], title: Honey Huts Triple Berry Blast Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 47036: {instructions: To a medium pot over medium heat, add oil, then butter and onion. Saute onion bits 2 minutes, then add frozen peas, raise heat a bit. Stir peas to heat them through and allow their water to evaporate. When peas are heated through, add ricotta and parsley to the pan and smash cheese together with the peas. Add lemon zest. Season mixture with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 2 cups frozen green peas, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, a couple of handfuls, 1 lemon, zested, Salt and pepper], title: Smashed Peas and Ricotta Cheese, picturelink: mQbNDk8MrmZiTYhf2wtg8g.P0RS5a}, 47037: {instructions: Remove the stems from the figs and discard. Put the figs, ginger, cinnamon and honey in a food processor and process for about 45 seconds, until the ingredients are finely chopped and begin to stick together.nRoll the fig mixture with your hands into heaping teaspoonsized balls and set them on a baking sheet or plate lined with waxed paper.nPlace a small bowl over a saucepan, containing barely simmering water, over low heat Make sure the water is at least 2 inches from the bottom of the bowl. Place half the chocolate in the bowl and stir until it is melted. Remove the saucepan from the heat and add the remaining chocolate. Stir until all the chocolate is melted. Remove the bowl containing the chocolate from the pan.nRoll the fig balls into the melted chocolate 1 or 2 at a time, until they are all covered. Place them back on the waxed paper and chill in the refrigerator until set, about 15 minutes. Serve at room temperature.nExcellent source of: FibernGood source of: Manganese, ingredients: [2 cups dried black mission figs, or other dried figs about 8 ounces, 14 cup crystallized ginger about 2 ounces, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 12 ounces dark chocolate 60 to 70 percent cocoa solids, chopped], title: Fig and Ginger Truffles, picturelink: H7.C8jPnU1X.VVSZiPoSucGLGiCKFvO}, 47038: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the salad: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a small bowl, mix the ramen noodles, almonds, sunflower seeds and melted butter. Transfer to a baking sheet and toast in the oven, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.nTear the lettuce and combine with the spinach, strawberries and cheese in a large salad bowl.nFor the dressing: Dissolve the sugar in the vinegar. Combine the oil, paprika, salt and garlic and then add to the sugarvinegar mixture. Mix well and store in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nJust before serving, sprinkle the crunchy topping over the salad green and toss the salad with enough dressing to coat the greens., ingredients: [1 package ramen noodles, crushed, flavor packet discarded, 14 cup sliced almonds, 14 cup sunflower seeds, 14 cup 12 stick butter, melted, 1 head romaine lettuce, washed and dried, One 5ounce bag baby spinach, 1 pint strawberries, hulled and thinly sliced, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoons salt, 2 cloves garlic, minced], title: Strawberry Salad, picturelink: 69B2z1svVlhIdXf6ZruRsHWV8YgbO}, 47039: {instructions: Have fritter batter, combined with orange rind ready. Cut the bananas into 1inch pieces. In a bowl combine rum and sugar, stir in bananas, and let macerate for 30 minutes. In the deep fryer heat enough shortening to measure 3 inches deep, at 375 degrees. In a bowl dredge the banana pieces in flour, shaking off the excess. Working in batches, dip the bananas in the batter, let the excess drip off, and fry them in the shortening, turning them, for 1 to 2 minutes or until golden. Remove fritters with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Drizzle with glaze if desired.nInto a bowl sift together flour and salt. Make a well in the center, pour in the beer and add the oil in a stream, stirring constantly until smooth. Strain the batter into another bowl and let it stand, covered with plastic for 3 hours or refrigerate overnight. Just before using, stir the batter and fold in the egg whites. Yield: 2 12 cupsnCombine sugar and water in a saucepan and stir over medium heat until the sugar dissolves.nYield: about 112 cupsnSuggested drink: Le Haut Lieu Vouvray, 1989, ingredients: [1 recipe beer batter below, 1 tablespoon grated orange rind, 3 bananas, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 1 tablespoon sugar, Vegetable shortening for deep frying, Allpurpose flour for dredging, Fritter Glaze, optional, recipe follows, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup flat beer, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 2 medium egg whites, beaten until they hold stiff peaks, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup water], title: Banana Fritters, picturelink: null}, 47040: {instructions: Peel and segment the oranges with a paring knife see page 52. Squeeze the empty membranes over a large bowl to release the juices.nWhisk the chili powder, salt and pepper to taste, the olive oil and lime juice into the orange juice. Toss in the orange segments and jicama. Before serving, add the scallions, cilantro and pomegranate seeds.nPhotograph by Sang An, ingredients: [4 oranges, 14 teaspoon ancho chili powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lime, 1 medium jicama, peeled and diced, 3 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, Seeds of 12 pomegranate], title: JicamaOrange Salad, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 47041: {instructions: In a small, nonreactive saucepan, mix two quarts lime juice with sugar. Cook to a light caramel color stage.nAdd honey, scallion, garlic, shallot, ginger and vinegar. Reduce by half. Add lemon, orange and pineapple juices, and pepper. Bring to a boil then lower to a simmer. Reduce by 14.nStrain vinaigrette and chill overnight. Before serving, stir in oils and soy sauce., ingredients: [3 12 quarts lime juice, 6 cups sugar, 1 12 cups honey, 8 bunches scallions, green part only chopped, 20 garlic cloves, smashed, 20 shallots, sliced thinly, 12 pound ginger, sliced thinly, 2 quarts rice wine vinegar, 12 quart lemon juice, 6 quarts orange juice, 5 quarts pineapple juice, 1 habenero pepper, seeds removed and sliced thinly, 1 12 cup sesame oil, 3 12 cup canola oil, 3 ounces soy sauce], title: Hot and Sour Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 47042: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Drop the pasta into the water and cook according to package directions, drain, reserving some of the pasta water. Toss the pasta with a splash of oil and set aside.nMeanwhile, remove the kernels from the corn with a sharp knife. Hold the shaved cobs over a bowl and scrape with the back of the knife to extract the milk, set aside. Discard the cobs.nMelt the butter in a large skillet, add the corn kernels, garlic, peppers and turmeric. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 6 minutes. Add the corn milk, 2percent milk, 3 tablespoons of the Parmesan, 34 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Bring to a gentle simmer, cook until slightly thickened like the consistency of heavy cream, about 5 minutes.nAdd the cooked pasta, lemon zest and 14 teaspoon salt. Gently toss the pasta in the sauce thin out with reserved pasta water if desired. Divide among four bowls. Sprinkle each with the remaining 1 tablespoon Parmesan and some black pepper. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [8 ounces pappardelle pasta, Olive oil, for coating, 2 ears corn, shucked, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 yellow pepper, diced, Large pinch ground turmeric, 1 12 cups 2percent milk, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon lemon zest about 1 lemon, plus lemon wedges for serving], title: LemonPepper Corn Pasta, picturelink: c5ZB5tsx19.Deadsz9zxnFc.lkr..W}, 47043: {instructions: Sift the flour, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, and baking soda in a bowl.nIn a large mixing bowl, blend the butter and brown sugar until combined. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and then the molasses. Slowly add the flour mixture. Mix well after each addition of flour. The dough will be stiff.nDivide dough in half, flatten into 2 thick circles and wrap in plastic wrap.nRefrigerate for 2 hours or until firm enough to roll out.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll out, cut into desired shapes and bake until golden brown., ingredients: [4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon cloves, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup butter, softened, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 34 cup molasses], title: Johannas Gingerbread Cookies, picturelink: oK6ZFjSZxBUEnsRLKtXqftx68nlSK}, 47044: {instructions: With a sharp knife diagonally cut carrots into scant 18inchthick slices and cut slices lengthwise into julienne strips. In a bowl stir together water, vinegar, sugar and salt until sugar is dissolved. Add carrot and marinate 5 minutes.nDrain carrot in a sieve, discarding marinade. Cut romaine crosswise into 14inchwide strips and in a bowl toss with carrot, oil, celery seeds, and salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [34 pound carrots, 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons tarragon vinegar or whitewine vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 large romaine leaves, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon celery seeds], title: Pickled Carrots and Romaine Salad, picturelink: null}, 47045: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the custard: Break the eggs into a bowl and whisk together. Add the sugar, cream, milk, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg. Whisk until the sugar is dissolved.nTrim the crust from the brioche, then cut it into a 4by6inch cylinder. Place the brioche in a baking dish and cover with the custard. Let stand until the custard has soaked through all of the bread, at least 15 minutes turn the bread occasionally with tongs to make sure it soaks evenly.nFor the bananas: While the bread is soaking, peel and slice the bananas 12inch thick. In a bowl, toss the bananas with the melted butter, pecans, brown sugar, lemon juice, cinnamon and 12 cup water and pour into a roasting pan.nFor the French toast roast: When the bread has finished soaking, melt the 2 tablespoons butter in a 10inch nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the soaked brioche with sugar and carefully place it, sugar side down, in the melted butter. Sprinkle the top with more sugar and sear the bread on all sides until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Carefully place the bread over the bananas and transfer to the oven for 15 minutes, or until the bread is caramelized. Remove from the oven, dust with powdered sugar, cut into 1inch slices and serve with the banana mixture., ingredients: [10 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups cream, 1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 loaf dayold brioche, 3 large bananas, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups chopped pecans, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup sugar, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: French Toast Roast with Bananas and Walnuts, picturelink: BDM3UA1WdLaSkQF81N.iV3x3TD4fxD.}, 47046: {instructions: To assemble: Use a pastry brush to coat the bottom half of each petal with a little Simple Syrup or warmed corn syrup. This will act as the glue to adhere the petals to the bud. Wrap the first petal around the base of the bud. Continue adding petals in the same fashion until you have formed the size of flower you would like. Gently squeeze the bottom of the bud so the petals open. You can also gently roll back the tops of the petals to achieve a more realistic appearance. Cut off the bottom of the bud. Place around the brim of the hat and add the leaves as desired.nTo make the ganache: If using gelatin sheets, place them in a mediumsize mixing bowl with enough cold water about 2 cups to cover. Let stand for about 5 minutes to allow the gelatin to soften and hydrate. Cold water hydrates the gelatin without letting it absorb too much liquid. Remove the gelatin from the bowl and squeeze out the excess water with your hands. If you use powdered gelatin, sprinkle the gelatin over 14 cup 1.75 ounces 50 grams of cold water. Let the gelatin bloom until it has absorbed all the water, about 1 minute. Place the chopped chocolate in a mediumsize mixing bowl. Pour the heavy cream in a 1quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat until bubbles begin to form around the edge of the pan. Remove from the heat and make a ganache by pouring the hot cream over the chocolate. Let stand for about 30 seconds to allow the heat to distribute throughout the bowl. Add the hydrated gelatin and gently stir the mixture with a rubber spatula. The hot cream will cause the chocolate and the gelatin to melt. Slowly mixing the heavy cream and chocolate together causes the fats in them to combine to form an emulsion. Stir the ganache until it is smooth and homogenous. Place the mixing bowl in the ice bath and stir the ganache occasionally so it cools evenly. The ganache is ready when it has thickened. Test this by using a rubber spatula to draw a line through it. If the line holds for 10 to 15 seconds, it is ready. If the line fills in immediately, the ganache is too warm. Keep cooling and retest every 30 seconds. The ganache should not cool so much that it begins to harden and set. If this happens, warm it up over a saucepan of simmering water, removing it every 10 seconds and whisking it gently until it is smooth and viscous.nTo finish the mousse: While the ganache is cooling, pour the heavy cream into another mediumsize mixing bowl and beat to soft peaks with an electric mixer on medium speed. Be careful if you overwhip the heavy cream, it will lose volume and the mousse will not be as light and airy. When the ganache is cool but not cold, fold in the whipped cream in 2 additions until combined. The ganache should not be so cold that it has begun to set and is grainy, yet is should be cool enough that it doesnt melt the whipped cream. If the mousse begins to seize while you are folding in the whipped cream, warm it up over a saucepan of simmering water 5 seconds at a time until it is smooth again. Do not warm it so much that the whipped cream begins to melt. Then fold in any remaining whipped cream. When all of the whipped cream has been incorporated, the mousse will be loose and pourable. Dont worry it will set up in the freezer.nPrepare the pound cake: Cut the pound cake into a 4inch flat circle and a 5 12inch flat circle. You want the larger circle to be just a bit smaller than the diameter of your mold. That way, the mousse will cover the edge and the cake wont show through the mold. Place the mousse into a pastry bag with a large opening no tip. Pipe the mousse into the dome mold, filling about two thirds full. Spread the mousse up the sides of the mold with the back of a large spoon. Place the smaller cake circle in the mousse. Soak the cake with the simple syrup. Fill with more mousse until almost full. Top with the larger cake circle and press down slightly. Soak the cake with the simple syrup. Place the mold in the freezer for at least 1 hour to allow the mousse to set. At this stage, the cake will hold in the freezer for up to 1 week. Spread a 18inch thick layer of tempered white chocolate onto a piece of parchment paper. Let the chocolate harden until firm but not set, about 5 minutes. To make the brim of the hat, trace around a 10inch cardboard cake circle or serving plate to cut a circle from the white chocolate. Place a clean sheet of parchment paper over the chocolate sheet and flip over both. Peel off the parchment paper. Separate the chocolate cutout and place on a cardboard cake circle.nTo assemble: Unmold by dipping the mold in hot water for 5 seconds. Press against one side of the mousse to slide it out of the dome mold. Place the dome, cake side down, in the center of the white chocolate circle. Prepare the paint sprayer: Place equal amounts of white chocolate and cocoa butter over a double boiler and melt until smooth with no lumps. Assemble the dessert and place in the freezer for about 10 minutes. The surface of the dessert must be chilled so the chocolate coating will harden upon contact, giving it the desired texture. Remove the dessert from the freezer and place on a platter or cake circle. Place the chocolate mixture in a clean paint sprayer and use it to spray the dessert with the chocolate. Cleanup will be much easier if you use a plasticlined cardboard box as a backdrop to the dessert when you spray it.nAdd the decorations. Let thaw in the refrigerator for about 1 hour before serving. The Bonnet will hold in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours.nTip: Wrap the cornstarch in cheesecloth. Then you can easily shake an even layer of the starch onto the work surface.nSources:nTeam Torres LLC www.mrchocolate.com PO Box 303 New York, NY 101010303 2124894847 2124890142 fax 6inch Dome MoldnBeryls Cake Decorating  Pastry Supplies www.beryls.com PO Box 1584 North Springfield, VA 22151 8004882749 7037503779 fax Modeling chocolate in white or dark, assorted cutters, cocoa butter, powdered and paste food colorings, white and dark chocolatenSur La Table Catalog Division www.surlatable.com 8002430852 Sinsation Chocolate Tempering Machine cutter sets of assorted shapes and sizes paste food colorings, ingredients: [1 14 cups heavy cream, 10.5 ounces, 300 grams, Storebought pound cake, Simple Syrup, White chocolate, tempered, 14 ounces, 400 grams, Cocoa butter, 14 ounces, 400 grams], title: Easter Bonnet, Part Two, picturelink: null}, 47047: {instructions: Preheat oven to 360 degrees F.nTo prepare plum tomatoes, core and score tomato and place in boiling water. Cook tomatoes for approximate 1 minute. Peel skin off and remove seeds. Dice meat into small pieces. In a saute pan, cook garlic in olive oil until golden brown. Then add tomatoes and cook 30 seconds more. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nTo assemble, place filet of sole on a sizzler plate and sprinkle with parsley, salt and pepper. Place tomato mixture and toasted bread crumbs on top of fish. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and prepare the sauce mixing together the juice from the fish, lemon juice, butter, parsley, salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds plum ripe tomatoes, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 8ounce sole fillets, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, plus extra for garnish, 12 cup toasted bread crumbs, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 ounces butter], title: Tomato and Herb Crusted Fillet of Sole, picturelink: null}, 47048: {instructions: Toss the oil, kale, onion, lemon zest and juice together in a large bowl until well combined. Season with salt and pepper, add the goat cheese and toss carefully so the goat cheese stays in clumps. Set aside.nSprinkle the chicken generously with salt and pepper. Lightly oil the grill grates. Grill the chicken, flipping once, until lightly charred and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and slice into strips.nDivide the salad among 4 plates and top with the chicken and almonds., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, 2 bunches black kale, leaves stripped and roughly chopped about 8 cups, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, Zest of 1 lemon and 1 tablespoon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 4ounce log fresh goat cheese, crumbled, 8 thin chicken cutlets about 2 pounds total, 13 cup roasted salted almonds, chopped, Prepare an outdoor grill for mediumhigh heat.], title: Kale Salad with Chicken, picturelink: 1wSZ5vPUWYU309vlm.7cabXtsBO.6j.}, 47049: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.nIn a bowl combine the first 6 ingredients. In another bowl whisk together the melted butter, buttermilk, milk, beaten eggs, and Tabasco pepper sauce, to taste. Add the dry ingredients and stir to just combine. Then fold in the warm corn kernels, grated cheddar cheese, chopped scallions, and chopped cilantro. Pour the mixture into buttered loaf pans 1 12 by 1 12 by 3inches, filling them 23 full. Bake for 20 minutes, or until bread is golden brown and a skewer inserted in center comes out clean.nRecommended drink: Cave Creek Chili Beer, ingredients: [1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 23 cups sifted flour, 23 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 8 tablespoons melted butter, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 12 cup milk, 2 beaten eggs, Tabasco pepper sauce, to taste, 4 ounces warm corn kernels, 3 ounces grated cheddar cheese, 14 cup chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro], title: Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 47050: {instructions: Pour vodka over a couple of ice cubes in a cocktail glass. Add ginger beer, garnish with a cherry, and serve., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vanilla flavored vodka, 4 ounces ginger beer, Various garnishes, Ice], title: Gingerbread Man, picturelink: null}, 47051: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the sesame oil and heat. Add the cabbage and carrots and saute for 2 minutes. Add the beef and cook, stirring, until the beef is heated and the cabbage begins to wilt, about 2 minutes. Add the hoisin sauce and soy sauce and cook 5 minutes, until mixture heats through and cabbage wilts, stirring frequently.nMeanwhile, bring the water to a boil. Place the couscous in a heatproof bowl and sprinkle with salt, pepper, and curry powder. Pour the boiling water over the couscous and cover for 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork.nSpoon some of the beef into the center of each lettuce leaf and roll up. Serve with the couscous., ingredients: [8 Bibb or romaine lettuce leaves, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 cup shredded cabbage, 1 cup shredded carrots, 2 cups shredded leftover cooked beef, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 14 cups water, 1 cup uncooked couscous, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon curry powder], title: Asian Beef Lettuce Wraps with Curried Couscous, picturelink: null}, 47052: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nScoop ice cream into blender. Pour in white chocolate liqueur, coffee liqueur, and brandy. Make sure the top of the blender is tightly in place and blend until smooth. Serve topped with whipped cream and shaved chocolate., ingredients: [8 to 10 scoops vanilla ice cream, 1 part white chocolate liqueur, 1 part coffee liqueur, 1 part brandy, Whipped cream, garnish, Chocolate, shaved], title: GrownUp Milkshake, picturelink: Mpna6TisiAYl5MQYx0vl53Mqzom3y7e}, 47053: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Season pork chops liberally with salt and pepper. Heat oil in large skillet and brown pork chops on both sides. Remove chops to a baking dish, cover with foil and bake for 20 minutes. Add shallots to skillet and cook for 1 minute. Add white wine and simmer until it becomes syrupy. Add chicken stock and season with salt and pepper. Return to a simmer and finish with tablespoon of cold butter., ingredients: [4 pork chops 2 shallots, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil 12 cup white wine, Salt 12 cup chicken stock, Pepper 1 tablespoon cold butter], title: Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 47054: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: pastry bag fitted with a 10 star tip, baking sheet, parchment paper, pastry brushnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small mixing bowl, add the grated cheese and plenty of freshly cracked black pepper to the halfrecipe of pate a choux. With a rubber spatula, scoop the pate a choux into the pastry bag and pipe out approximately 25 1inch rounds, spaced 1 to 2 inches apart on the parchment paperlined baking sheet. Brush lightly with the beaten egg and place in the oven. Cook until golden and puffed, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool briefly on a baking rack. Serve hot or at room temperature.nIn a small saucepan over high heat, bring the water, salt, sugar, and butter to a boil, making sure the butter is completely melted. Off the heat, add the flour all at once and beat vigorously with a wooden spoon. Return to the heat and continue beating until the dough forms a solid, smooth mass and pulls away from the sides of the saucepan. Take off the heat and empty the dough into a clean mixing bowl. Little by little add the beaten eggs, beating vigorously in between each addition, until the dough forms a smooth, supple mass. Divide the dough into 2 even quantities, 1 part to be used for the gougeres, the other for profiteroles., ingredients: [12 recipe Pate a Choux, recipe follows, 12 cup grated Gruyere, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 teaspoons sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, cut in pieces, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons flour, sifted, 4 eggs, beaten], title: Gougeres, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 47055: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter two 9inchround cake pans line the bottoms with parchment paper.nWhisk the flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger, cardamom, allspice and salt in a large bowl set aside. Combine the pumpkin, sugar, orange zest and vanilla in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until each one is incorporated. With the mixer running, add the vegetable oil in a steady stream. Add the flour mixture and mix just until incorporated. Divide the batter between the 2 prepared pans lightly tap the pans on the counter to distribute the batter.nTransfer the pans to the oven and bake until the cakes begin pulling away from the pans and the centers spring back when lightly pressed, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool 10 minutes in the pans, then unmold onto the rack and let cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Combine the sugar and 14 cup water in a large deep saucepan over mediumhigh heat bring to a simmer and cook, without stirring, until deep amber, about 8 minutes. Carefully whisk in the cream and cook, whisking, until smooth. Add the corn syrup and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and cook, whisking occasionally, until the sauce thickens slightly and coats the back of a spoon, 40 to 50 minutes. Remove from the heat whisk in the butter, chocolate, vanilla and salt until smooth. Let cool completely, then fold in the pecans. Cover and refrigerate until firm but spreadable, about 1 hour.nAssemble the cake: Cut each cake in half horizontally with a serrated knife to make 4 layers. Put 1 layer on a platter spread onethird of the pecan filling on top. Layer the remaining cakes and filling on top, ending with cake. Refrigerate until set, about 1 hour.nMake the glaze: Combine the chocolate, cocoa powder, butter and honey in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave 1 minute uncover and whisk until smooth. Let cool to room temperature, then spread on the cake, letting the excess drip down the sides. Refrigerate until the glaze sets, about 10 minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the pans, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 14 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup sugar, 1 quart heavy cream, 14 cup dark corn syrup, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 cups pecans, toasted and chopped, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 teaspoons honey], title: Pumpkin Spice Cake With ChocolatePecan Filling, picturelink: UlLRfgidW73tuMBIBzZQ7dMTRW2q6kq}, 47056: {instructions: Heat the oven to 300 degrees F150 degrees C.nSprinkle the lamb generously with salt and pepper. Heat a spoonful or two of the oil in a cocotte Dutch oven and brown the meat well on both sides, about 15 minutes per side. Remove the meat.nAdd another spoonful of the oil and cook the onions until soft, 5 to 7 minutes. While the onions are browning, peel, quarter and seed the tomatoes over a sieve set over a bowl to catch the juices. Reserve the tomatoes for later. Pour the juice into a 2 cup500 ml measuring cup and add enough wine to fill. Deglaze the onions with the veal stock, stirring up the good bits from the bottom. Then add the wine and tomato juice mixture. Add the bay leaves, rosemary, thyme and garlic. Wet a piece of parchment paper and lay it over the meat, cover and bake 1 hour 30 minutes.nWhile the lamb cooks, salt the eggplant and set in a colander to drain, about 30 minutes. Rinse and pat dry. Meanwhile, roast the red peppers. Once the lamb has cooked 1 hour 30 minutes, add the eggplant, tomatoes and peppers, cover and cook for another 1 hour.nIncrease the heat to 400 degrees F200 degrees C. Remove the lid and the parchment, add the zucchini and cook a further 45 minutes uncovered.nFor serving: Remove from the oven. Remove the herbs. Spoon the lamb onto plates, with the sauce spooned over., ingredients: [1 lamb shoulder about 4 12 pounds2 kg, cut into large chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 onions, peeled and sliced, 6 plum tomatoes, About 1 12 cups375 ml red or white wine, 1 cup250 ml veal stock, 3 bay leaves, 2 branches fresh rosemary, 1 pound450 g eggplant, cut into chunks, 1 pound450 g red peppers, seeded, cut into strips, 1 bouquet fresh thyme, 1 head garlic, broken into peeled cloves, 1 pound450 zucchini, cut into chunks], title: Slow Provencal Lamb, picturelink: null}, 47057: {instructions: Prepare the filling. In a wok, stirfry each vegetable separately in peanut oil. Season with salt and pepper. Drain and transfer to a mixing bowl. Stir in noodles, mushroom soy sauce, chili paste, sesame oil, and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool completely. When cool, blend the filling mixture with the aromatic mixture. When ready to form the spring rolls, squeeze out all the excess liquid.nMake the spring rolls. Place about 12 cup of prepared filling per spring roll wrapper. Roll and seal edges with the egg wash. Repeat the process until all filling is used.nIn a deep pot, with about 4 cups peanut oil heated to 350 degrees F., deepfry in batches of 4 until golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Trim off the ends and slice diagonally. Drizzle top with Hot Chinese Mustard Sauce. Serve immediately.nPrepare the aromatic mixture. In a food processor, combine the ginger, garlic, green onions and red pepper flakes. Turn on machine, slowly add oil and process mixture to a puree. Saute mixture for 1 to 2 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and sugar. Set aside.nPrepare the Hot Chinese Mustard Sauce. In a bowl, combine all the ingredients except the oil. Stir until well blended. Slowly whisk in the peanut oil until emulsified. Refrigerate, covered until needed., ingredients: [1 large onion, julienned, 1 medium carrot, julienned, 14 pound shiitake mushrooms, discard stems, julienned, 1 large red bell pepper, julienned, 1 large yellow bell pepper, julienned, 1 small green cabbage, julienned, Peanut oil, for stirfrying, Salt and pepper, 14 pound glass noodles, soaked in water for 10 minutes, chopped into smaller strands, 14 cup mushroom soy sauce, 2 tablespoons chili paste, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, Cooked aromatic mixture, recipe follows, Hot Chinese Mustard Sauce, recipe follows, Spring roll wrappers, 1 egg with 1 tablespoon each water and cornstarch, beaten together for egg wash, Peanut oil, for deepfrying, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 3 large cloves garlic, 2 green onions, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 cup peanut oil, Pinch salt, Pinch black pepper, Pinch sugar, 4 tablespoons Chinese dry mustard, 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 4 tablespoons pickled ginger liquid, 1 lemon, juiced, Pinch turmeric, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon chili oil, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 cup peanut oil], title: Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 47058: {instructions: Heat the oil in a wok over high heat. Add the garlic, ginger, and scallions. Cook until aromatic, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken. Saute until the edges are brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the broccoli, carrots, and green beans to the wok. Cook approximately 5 to 8 minutes, until the vegetables begin to become tender. Add the red pepper, mushrooms, bok choy, and teriyaki sauce to the wok, cook approximately 5 to 8 minutes more, or until chicken is cooked through and vegetables are done to your likeness. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced scallions, 1 pound boneless, skinless, chicken breasts, sliced into strips, 1 cup broccoli spears, 1 cup julienned carrots, 12 pound green beans, chopped, 12 cup julienned red pepper, 1 cup quartered button mushrooms, 3 heads baby bok choy, chopped, Low sodium teriyaki sauce], title: Market Basket Chicken Vegetable Stirfry, picturelink: null}, 47059: {instructions: In a medium saute pan, over medium heat, quickly saute the garlic in hot oil for 3 minutes. Add all of the remaining ingredients except venison steaks and balance seasonings. Brush this warm dressing over the venison steaks, covering both sides, and immediately place steaks on hot grill about 6 inches above glowing charcoal. Sear quickly on one side for 5 minutes, then flip steak over and grill 4 to 8 minutes on other side. Remove grilled steaks to a broad platter and cover to keep warm while you prepare their wild mushroom compliment.nHeat the butter and oil in a large saute pan over medium heat when oil and butter are hot, saute the onions and garlic, stirring continually, for 3 to 5 minutes. Add bears head tooth mushroom chunks and the cracked peppercorns stir well for another 5 minutes. Now add the oyster mushroom pieces and remaining seasonings and blend well, simmering for another 5 minutes. Add chicken stock, if necessary, to develop a nice gravy the amount of stock will depend on how thirsty the mushrooms are. Simmer just until the mushrooms seem tender.nServe the hot grilled steaks with the wild mushrooms spooned over and around them. Garnish with fresh watercress, parsley branches, and trimmed scallions., ingredients: [12 cup peanut oil, 1 clove garlic, diced, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 8 tender venison steaks, Mushroom Topping:, 12 cup peanut oil, 1 stick butter, 2 large yellow onions, thinly sliced, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 pound bears head tooth mushrooms, ground, 8 whole peppercorns, coarsely chopped, 1 pound oyster mushrooms, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 12 cup vegetable or chicken stock more or less], title: Mclemore Grilled Venison Steaks with Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 47060: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large pot. Bring to simmer over mediumlow heat. Remove from heat and let steep for 5 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 bottles red wine, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons pumpkin pie seasoning, 2 oranges, sliced, 2 cinnamon sticks, 14 cup raisins], title: Sandys Spiced Wine, picturelink: R44udOKSEg6f6kiCWrlZvlGV4PT4USu}, 47061: {instructions: Preheat oven to 290 degrees F.nSeason the ribs liberally with salt and pepper on both sides and place in a proportionate size deep roasting pan. Add 1 cup barbecue sauce and 2 cups water over the ribs until almost completely submerged if not add a bit more sauce and water or use a smaller pan. Cover tightly with aluminum foil, place on center rack of the oven, and bake for about 2 hours or until meat is almost falling off the bone. Remove, drain liquid immediately, and coat cooked ribs with fresh barbecue sauce. It is best to make the ribs a day ahead up to this point. Refrigerate overnight and bring to room temperature before grilling.nPreheat a grill to high. Place ribs on grill and grill for just a few minutes on each side. Serve.nCombine sauce ingredients in a bowl and whisk well to combine. Reserve., ingredients: [4 to 5 pounds pork ribs, Salt and pepper, NoCook Low Carb Bourbon Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 29 ounces no sugar added tomato sauce, 6 ounces no sugar added tomato paste, 2 ounces bourbon, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons liquid smoke, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 tablespoon hot sauce, 34 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 14 cup brown sugar substitute, optional recommended: Sugar Twin brand, 2 tablespoons red onion, finely chopped, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon onion powder], title: Bourbon Barbecue Pork Ribs, picturelink: DC0MyI98a8.dKHylorW9x63ssVVGxLC}, 47062: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCrack the eggs on top, and using an egg cutter, slice the tops off the eggs. Carefully pour out the contents of 5 of the eggs into a bowl and separate the yolks from the whites. Transfer the yolks to another bowl. Use the 5 egg whites and the contents of the remaining 7 eggs for other dishes. You need a total of 12 egg shells for this recipe. Add the cream and roasted garlic to the 5 yolks and whisk thoroughly season with salt and pepper.nCarefully rinse out the hollowed eggs under cold running water and return them to the egg carton. Pour the whisked egg mixture into each hollowed egg so that it fills the shell halfway. Place the carton in a roasting pan. Pour enough warm water into the pan to come halfway up the sides of the eggs. Cover the pan with foil and put it into the oven. Cook for about 20 minutes, or until the custard is firm and does not break when touched with your finger.nWhile the eggs are cooking, pour the oil into a heavy skillet and set over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot and shimmering, add the mushrooms and saute for 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and continue to saute until most of the liquid has evaporated. Add the vinegar, season with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with the chopped parsley.nRemove the eggs from the oven, and divide the mushroomtomato mixture between the eggs, spooning it carefully over the custard inside the eggs.nTo serve, arrange the 3 types of peppercorns in the bottom of a serving dish, platter, or basket. Set the filled eggs upright on the peppercorns and serve with demitasse spoons., ingredients: [12 large eggs, cleaned, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 14 cup roasted garlic puree, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup finely diced porcini mushrooms, 3 plum tomatoes, finely diced, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 cup red peppercorns, 1 cup green peppercorns, 1 cup black peppercorns], title: Roasted Garlic and Porcini Flan with Porcini Mushrooms and Tomato, picturelink: null}, 47063: {instructions: For the Stuffed Chicken: Arrange the chicken breasts skin side down on a cutting board, making sure the skin is evenly stretched over the breasts. Remove the fillet strip from each breast, discard the white tendon, and in a food processor grind the fillets. Add the ice, blend the mixture until the ice is absorbed, and with the motor running add the cream. Add the spinach, the salt, the fennel seeds, the rind, the nutmeg, and the pepper and blend the filling well, scraping down the sides. Turn the breasts skin side up and beginning at the pointed end pull the skin back carefully, leaving the thin transparent membranes attached along at the opposite end. Spread 3 tablespoons of the spinach filling evenly over each breast, smoothing it, and stretch the skin over the filling to cover it. Reserve the remaining spinach filling for another use such as miniature quenelles made by poaching small balls of it in clear soup. Chill the chicken, wrapped tightly in plastic wrap for one hour. The chicken may be prepared up to this point 24 hours in advance and kept covered and chilled. In a large oven proof skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, add the chicken, skin side down, and season it with salt and pepper. Saute the chicken for 1  2 minutes, or until the skin is golden brown, turn it skin side up, and bake it, covered, in a preheated 400 degree oven for 10 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board and let it stand, covered loosely with foil, for 5 minutes. Make the sauce while the chicken is standing: pour off the fat from the skillet, add the Madeira, and boil it, scraping up the brown bits, until it is reduced to about 2 tablespoons. Add the broth and boil the mixture, stirring for 1 minute. Stir the arrowroot mixture, add it to the skillet, whisking, and simmer the sauce, whisking for 1 minute. Holding a knife at a 45 degree angle slice the chicken crosswise and arrange the slices, overlapping them slightly, on 4 heated plates. Spoon some of the sauce around the chicken and serve the remaining sauce around separately, ingredients: [Two 1pound whole chicken breasts, boned but not skinned, 1 12 tablespoons crushed ice, 3 tablespoons well chilled heavy cream, 14 cup firmly packed cooked, squeezed, and chopped spinach about 12 pound fresh, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon crushed fennel seeds, 14 teaspoon freshly grated lemon rind, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 18 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup Madeira, 34 cup canned chicken broth, 1 teaspoon arrowroot dissolved in 1 tablespoon water], title: SpinachStuffed Chicken Breasts with Madeira Sauce, picturelink: null}, 47064: {instructions: Shingle the zucchini slices in a single overlapping layer on a platter. Dust with salt and pepper, then drizzle with a 3count of olive oil and the lemon juice. Put that into the refrigerator for about 10 minutes to give the flavors a chance to get into the zucchini. Now scatter the leeks over. Sprinkle with the herbs. Garnish garnish with the ricotta cheese and mint leaves, if using serve., ingredients: [2 zucchini about 1 12 pounds total, sliced into paperthin rounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 young leek, white and light green parts only, sliced paperthin into rings and thoroughly cleaned, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs, such as chervil, dill, chives, and chive blossoms, 1 cup ricotta cheese, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish, optional], title: Carpaccio of Raw Zucchini, picturelink: Wfm0sCk3A7vJE7oPg3IJSzm9290OENK}, 47065: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and bacon. When the bacon begins to lightly brown, remove it from the pot with a slotted spoon and set aside. Add the lamb and let the meat brown on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remove the meat with a slotted spoon and set aside. Chop the bacon into 14inch pieces.nAdd the mushrooms, carrots, garlic, onions and bacon to the pot and stir. Mix in the flour. Add the beef stock, sherry, bay leaves and lamb. Add salt and pepper and cover the pot but leave a vent for the steam to escape. Bring the mixture to a simmer and simmer until the meat is tender and falling apart, about 2 hours.nSlowly stir in the heavy cream, parsley, tarragon and peas. Serve the stew in shallow bowls over buttered egg noodles., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 slices centercut bacon, 2 pounds lamb stew meat, 4 cups mushrooms, quartered, 6 large carrots, roughly chopped, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 Vidalia onions, roughly chopped, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups beef stock, 12 cup sherry, 3 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons fresh tarragon leaves, 1 bag petit frozen peas, Buttered noodles, for serving], title: Lamb Stew with Sherry and Mushrooms, picturelink: QpNxFLJ3KemXCMc3dWxK79bPPEXbBT6}, 47066: {instructions: Write individual fortunes on strips of paper. Sift flour, cornstarch, sugar, and salt into a medium bowl. Add oil, egg whites, water, and vanilla extract stir until smooth. Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Bake 1 cookie at a time. Drop 14 cup batter onto an oiled baking sheet spread evenly to make an 8inch circle. Bake until cookie turns light golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes. Dont allow edges to become overly brown or cookie will crack when folded. Using pot holders to protect your hands, immediately remove hot, pliable cookie from baking sheet and place a fortune in center. Fold cookie in half to form a halfmoon, then grasp ends of cookie and gently pull together to crease. Hold folded cookie for a minute to maintain its shape as it cools and becomes crisp. Repeat with remaining batter., ingredients: [4 strips paper, each 1 by 3 inches, 12 cup flour, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup cooking oil, 14 cup egg whites, 1 12 teaspoons water, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Fortune Cookies, picturelink: null}, 47067: {instructions: Mix the carrots, vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Let stand while preparing the rest of the sandwiches, stirring occasionally.nMix the turkey, cilantro, garlic, fish sauce, sriracha, remaining 1 tablespoon sugar, and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl with your hands until very wellmixed. Form the mixture into patties to match the dimensions of the baguette pieces about 5 inches long, 2 inches wide.nSpread 1 tablespoon mayonnaise on the cut sides of each baguette piece. Place some cilantro sprigs on the bottom halves.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a large cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 4 of the patties and cook, turning once, until browned and cooked through, about 7 minutes. Transfer to 4 of the baguette bottoms. Repeat with the remaining oil and patties. Drizzle sriracha on the patties, if desired, then top with the cucumber. Drain the pickled carrots and scatter over the cucumber, along with more cilantro sprigs. Sandwich with the baguette tops and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups carrot matchsticks, 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar, 3 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt and black pepper, 2 pounds ground turkey, 1 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, plus sprigs for serving, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sriracha, plus more for serving, 2 baguettes, each cut into 4 pieces and split to form sandwich rolls, 8 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 English cucumber, thinly sliced at an angle], title: Ground Turkey Bahn Mi on French Bread, picturelink: zwfFxjTK8UbnRFSdKY0n5Fnv584h0Rq}, 47068: {instructions: Vanilla ice cream, for servingnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the fruit, in a large bowl, combine the plums, brown sugar, flour, and cassis. Pour the mixture into a 12 by 8inch shallow baking dish.nFor the topping, combine the flour, granulated sugar, brown sugar, salt, oatmeal, walnuts, and butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on low speed until the mixture is crumbly and the butter is the size of peas. Scatter evenly over the plum mixture.nBake the plum crunch for 40 to 45 minutes, until the plums are bubbling and the top is browned. Serve warm or at room temperature with ice cream., ingredients: [3 pounds Italian prune plums, pitted and quartered, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, lightly packed, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons creme de cassis liqueur, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup oatmeal, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 12 pound 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, diced], title: Plum Crunch, picturelink: null}, 47069: {instructions: Combine the miso, sake, sugar and scallions in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring, until thick, about 5 minutes. Let cool, then transfer to a large bowl and whisk in the vegetable oil.nPat the quail dry. Add to the bowl with the miso mixture and toss cover and refrigerate 1 hour.nPreheat the broiler. Line a shallow baking pan with foil. Arrange the quail in the pan in a single layer. Broil, rotating the pan as needed, until the quail are browned in spots and cooked through, about 8 minutes per side.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [34 cup white miso soybean paste, 13 cup sake, 3 tablespoons sugar, 4 scallions, white and light green parts only, chopped, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 semiboneless quail about 2 14 pounds], title: Grilled Quail With Miso, picturelink: 7HzkjA2PIiNMRWIIRnxDD14M0PYgu}, 47070: {instructions: Peel and coarsely chop the sweet potatoes. Cover with water and bring to a boil in a large pot. Salt the water and cook the sweet potatoes until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and return the sweet potatoes to the hot pot. Mash the potatoes with the stock and butter. Add in the orange juice and 2 tablespoons of the orange zest. Then add in the thyme, paprika, cinnamon and some pepper. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Cover and remove from the heat and serve immediately. To keep warm, create a water bath by placing the pot of mashed potatoes in 1 inch gently simmering water in larger pot or deep skillet., ingredients: [3 12 to 4 pounds sweet potatoes about 4 large, Salt, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 stick butter, 2 blood oranges or navel oranges, juiced and zested, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 12 to 2 tablespoons smoked sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Paprika and Orange Scented Mashed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 47071: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a bowl and gently toss to together with a fork.nVariation: Mash the avocados and stir in remaining ingredients., ingredients: [2 avocados, peeled, seeded and chopped, Juice of one lime, 12 cup onion, finely chopped, 12 yellow pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 3 plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Chunky Spicy Avocado Salsa, picturelink: null}, 47072: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the caramel sauce: Combine the cream, apple juice, cloves, cinnamon, star anise, ginger and nutmeg in a medium saucepan, and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat and let steep for at least 20 minutes. Set aside and keep warm while you make the caramel.nCombine the sugar, 12 cup water, and the cider vinegar in a medium saucepan over high heat, and cook without stirring until it reaches a deep amber color, about 8 minutes. Slowly strain in the warm cream, whisking constantly continue whisking until smooth. Be careful The caramel will bubble up as you add the cream. Whisk in the apple schnapps and cook for 30 seconds longer. Transfer to a bowl and keep warm. The sauce can be made 2 days in advance and refrigerated. Reheat over low heat before serving.nFor the pancakes: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Place a baking sheet with a rack in the oven to heat.nWhisk together the flour, brown sugar, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves and ginger in a large bowl.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, buttermilk, ricotta, pumpkin and 2 tablespoons melted butter. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients, and whisk until just combined do not overmix. Let the batter sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes and up to 1 hour.nHeat a large nonstick pan or griddle over mediumlow heat. Brush with melted butter or spray with nonstick spray. Drop a scant 14 cup of the batter onto the pan cook until small bubbles form on the surface and at the edges and the bottom is lightly golden brown, about 3 minutes. Adjust the heat if the bottom browns too quickly. Flip, and continue cooking until golden brown on the reverse side, another 2 or 3 minutes. Remove to the rack in oven to keep warm. Repeat with remaining batter.nServe the pancakes with a drizzle of caramel sauce and a dollop of creme fraiche., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup apple juice, 4 cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 star anise, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon apple schnapps, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 18 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 34 cup ricotta, drained for 1 hour in a strainer set over a bowl, 12 cup pumpkin puree, 2 tablespoons butter, melted and cooled, plus melted butter or nonstick spray for the griddle, 34 cup creme fraiche, for serving], title: PumpkinRicotta Pancakes with Spicy AppleCider Caramel Sauce, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 47073: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the puff pastry on a flourdusted surface and roll until big enough to wrap around the bar of cream cheese. Spread the ranch dressing over the outside of the cream cheese, and then coat with the chopped bacon. Place in the center of the puff pastry. Sprinkle the green onion if using over the top of the cream cheese. Fold the pastry up to cover the cream cheese, sealing the seam with your fingertips and a few drops of water. Tuck the hanging edges under the cream cheese to make a smooth rectangular shape. Brush with beaten egg or milk if you want a shiny finish.nPlace the bar in a small ovensafe serving dish and bake until the pastry is golden and the cream cheese is soft, 30 to 35 minutes. Serve with crostini and vegetables., ingredients: [23 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, One 8ounce bar reducedfat cream cheese, 2 tablespoons prepared ranch dressing, 3 strips bacon, cooked, drained and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped green onion, optional, Beaten egg or milk, for brushing, optional, Crostini and vegetables, for serving], title: Bacon Ranch Cream Cheese Wellington, picturelink: v4zdXxyeEV.cShXRk4Euh61TF9Kg16}, 47074: {instructions: In a glass or ceramic bowl, toss the okra with the lemon juice. Let sit for 15 minutes.nIn a large heavy saucepan, heat the olive oil over high heat. Saute the okra for 4 to 5 minutes, stirring frequently, until golden. Add the onion, reduce the heat to medium, and cook for 6 to 8 minutes, until softened. Add the green pepper and the garlic and cook for 2 minutes more, until the garlic releases its aroma. Add the tomatoes, cook for 2 minutes, stirring, and add the sherry, salt, and pepper. Cook the mixture for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until thickened.nIncrease the heat to medium, add the rice, saffron, corn, drained okra, and chipotle. Stir the mixture well and cook for 2 minutes. Add the pickling liquid and the chicken broth, stir again and cook partially covered for 15 to 20 minutes, until most of the liquid has been absorbed and small craters form in the top of the rice. Stir with a fork and cover the pan. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes more, until the rice is tender., ingredients: [12 pound small fresh okra, washed, trimmed, and sliced 12inch thick, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons Spanish olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 small green pepper, stemmed, seeded, and finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 canned plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 12 cup dry sherry, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups long grain white rice, rinsed until the water runs clear, 8 threads saffron, crushed, 1 cup corn kernels from about 2 ears corn, 1 pickled chipotle chile, chopped see Note, 14 cup pickling liquid from chipotles see Note, 4 14 cups light chicken broth, preferably homemade], title: Rice with Corn, Okra, and Chipotle, picturelink: null}, 47075: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees. Pound the veal cutlets to an even, approximately 18inch thickness, or have your butcher do this for you. In a dish, sprinkle the cutlets with lemon juice and let stand for 30 minutes. Season both sides with salt. Place the flour on a flat plate, and place the eggwater mixture in a wide, shallow bowl. Add the oil to the egg mixture and beat in with a fork. Spread the bread crumbs on a large plate. Dip the cutlets lightly into the flour, making sure to coat all surfaces, then gently shake off the excess flour. Dip the cutlets into the egg mixture, letting the excess drip away, and then dredge them in the bread crumbs. Let stand at room temperature for 20 minutes. Heat your largest, heavy skillets over mediumhigh heat and add the butter. When the butter is quite hot and the foam starts to subside, add the veal cook in batches if necessary  but dont crowd them in the pan. If the butter browns too much after cooking the first batch, you may need to discard it, wipe out the pan, and add more butter for the next batch. Cook for 4 to 6 minutes on each side, until golden brown, and turn with a spatula dont use a fork or tongs, or the breading may be pierced. When the second side is golden, the schnitzels should be cooked through. Transfer to a warm platter and keep warm in a 250 degree oven while you cook the second batch, if necessary., ingredients: [6 veal cutlets, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Salt, 12 to 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, lightly beaten with 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 generous cup fine, dry bread crumbs, 4 to 5 tablespoons butter], title: Wiener Schnitzel, picturelink: null}, 47076: {instructions: Toppings: Sauteed onions and roast beef, Worcestershire sauce and Cheez WhiznHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 20 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Cheesesteaks Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 47077: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCoat a large frying pan with vegetable oil and preheat it over medium heat.nSlice and chop the sausage into small pieces. Add to the pan and fry until cooked through and browned, continuing to make the sausage pieces smaller while frying. Remove the sausage from the pan and drain on paper towels.nFry the chopped onions and celery in the same pan and season with some salt, pepper, and poultry seasoning, to taste. When softened add the sausage back to the pan. Fry everything together to combine the flavors, about 5 minutes.nAdd the stuffing mix to a large bowl and fold in the pan ingredients. Add the chicken rice soup and mix. Add the applesauce and mix until everything is combined and moist. Taste and add more spices if you like.nButter a 9 by 13inch baking pan or espresso cups and add the stuffing. Sprinkle with paprika, for color and bake for 45 minutes, uncovered. Halfway through the baking, drizzle turkey gravy over the top to add flavor and moisture. Stuffing should be crispy on top and moist underneath. Yum, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 1 12ounce frozen breakfast sausage, thawed, 1 extralarge onion, chopped, 6 or 7 celery heart stalks, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Poultry seasoning, 2 14ounce bags herb stuffing mix, prepared according to package instructions, 1 14ounce can chicken rice soup, 1 cup applesauce, Paprika, 12 cup turkey gravy], title: Imelda Sobiloffs Famous Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 47078: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn 2 large ziptop bags, divide half the flour, garlic powder, onion powder, mustard powder, oregano, thyme, salt, and black pepper between each bag. Place 6 chicken breasts in each bag. Seal bags and shake to coat. Remove chicken from bag, shaking off excess coating.nTransfer chicken to baking sheet and spray with olive oil cooking spray. Bake 25 to 30 minutes, until chicken is golden brown and cooked through.nServe 4 chicken breast halves with Parsley Olive Oil Sauce for this meal and refrigerate remaining chicken until ready to use.nIn minifood processor, place parsley leaves. Drizzle in olive oil and process to combine. Add more olive oil until desired sauce consistency is achieved. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon over chicken and serve., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 2 teaspoons mustard powder, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 5ounce skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, Olive oil cooking spray, Parsley Olive Oil Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: OvenBaked HerbCrusted Chicken with Parsley Olive Oil Sauce, picturelink: Sp1wuExqSrWV8dugbXxwhFH46SH.86a}, 47079: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor, mix the sugar with the eggs, oil, yogurt, food coloring, vinegar, and vanilla. Add flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt. Blend until just incorporated.nPlace paper cupcake liners into a muffin pan, and divide the batter evenly among the cupcake liners, pouring only halfway so the batter doesnt overflow. Bake, rotating halfway through, for 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the cupcakes and let cool.nFor the icing: In a bowl, beat the mascarpone, icing sugar, cream, and lemon zest together until the mixture is smooth.nSpoon a dollop of mascarpone cream on the cupcakes., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups canola oil, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons red food coloring, 1 teaspoon vinegar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups flour, 1 tablespoon cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups mascarpone, 1 cup icing sugar confectioners, sifted, 12 cup 35percent whipping cream, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Red Velvet Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 47080: {instructions: For Filling 1: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Pour olive oil into a skillet and saute onions and garlic for approximately 2 minutes. Add mushrooms, chicken stock, salt and pepper. Put the mixture in the oven and bake for 30 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes. Once cooked, place the mushroom mixture in a food processor. Add parsley and additional salt and pepper to taste. Then, while machine is running, add enough olive oil to make a smooth filling. Process until pasty, or chunky depending on preference.nFor Filling 2: Cube 2 small eggplants and then toss with oil and enough bread crumbs to coat. Salt and pepper to taste. Place in a roasting pan and bake in a preheated 400 degree for 45 minutes. After cooking put the eggplant in a mixing bowl and add mozzarella, Romano, tomato paste and whole egg. Mix until all are incorporated into a thick, and somewhat smooth mixture for the filling. Add olive oil to make a paste. Then add additional salt and pepper to taste. Put filling into already made ravioli dough.nFor Ravioli Dough: Mix eggs and flour, add warm water to soften dough during kneading. Hand kneading is preferred. Knead 5 minutes for elastic consistency. Spread dough and punch out 2.12 to3inch circles, the size of an open soup can. Spoon completed filling into center, leave 12inch perimeter around filling. Place mixture on 12 of circle, fold and pinch around circumference. Make sure dough is moist. Wet finger to seal. NO air pockets, must seal tight. Boil pot of water and 12 tablespoon salt. Place ravioli in water. Allow to boil 1 minute after they float to the top. Remove from water and place on a plate.nFor the Spinach Cream Pesto Sauce: Combine ingredients in a food processor and process. Transfer mixture to a saute pan. Heat over low heat and then pour over raviolis.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large white onion diced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 pound portobello mushrooms cubed without stems, 12 cup chicken stock, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley, Additional salt and pepper, to taste, Additional olive oil, 2 small eggplants, Olive oil and bread crumbs, to coat, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 ounces shredded fresh or processed mozzarella cheese, 1 tablespoon Romano cheese, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 whole egg, Olive oil, 2 eggs, 2 cups semolina flour, Warm water, Olive oil, Pot of water, 12 tablespoon salt, 10 ounces wilted spinach, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 14 cup heavy whipping cream], title: Roasted Portobello with Caramelized Onion Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 47081: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 by 8inch oval stoneware dish or 13 by 9inch rectangular glass or stoneware dishnPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. To make the peach filling: In a large bowl, stir together sugars, flour, cinnamon and salt. Add peaches and gently toss to coat. Mix together cornstarch slurry and lemon juice and stir into peaches to incorporate. Butter a 12 by 8inch oval dish and add peach mixture. To make the crumb topping: In a medium bowl, combine dry ingredients, add in butter pieces and combine with hands until crumbly. Top peaches with half of the crumb topping. Place in oven and immediately reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake uncovered for 30 minutes, then add remainder of the crumb topping. Reduce heat to 325 degrees F and bake until golden and bubbling, another 45 minutes. Remove from oven and let sit for 15 minutes before serving. Serve with vanilla ice cream or fresh whipped cream., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into 8 pieces, Vanilla ice cream or whipped cream, for serving, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup white sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 10 cups frozen peaches, thawed, about 3 pounds prepared, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, dissolved in 1 tablespoon water, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon butter, 34 cup brown sugar, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup oats, 14 cup slivered almonds, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Cinful Peach Cobbler, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 47082: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with paper liners and set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flours, wheat germ, baking soda and 12 teaspoon salt.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugars together in a separate bowl until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. In a separate bowl, combine the mashed bananas with the milk and vanilla. With the mixer on low, alternately add onethird of the flour mixture and half of the banana mixture to the butter mixture, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Mix until just combined. Fold in the blueberries.nDivide the batter among the muffin cups. Bake 20 to 24 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [1 cup wholewheat flour, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup wheat germ, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 34 cup mashed bananas about 2 medium, 13 cup 2 percent milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup blueberries], title: Mels Banana Muffins, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 47083: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix eggs until frothy. Blend in cake mix, JellO mix, orange juice, and canola oil. Mix for 10 minutes. Pour into greased and floured bundt pan. Bake for 5060 minutes until knife comes out clean. Let set for 10 minutes. Turn onto cake plate. Mix lemon juice and powdered sugar in bowl for glaze. With a toothpick, poke several holes on surface of cake. Pour glaze over top. Garnish base of cake with mandarin orange slices and mint sprigs., ingredients: [4 eggs, 1 pkg. yellow cake mix, 1 pkg. 3oz. lemon JellO mix, 34 cup Floridas Naturalu00ae Premium Orange Juice, 12 cup canola oil, 13 cup lemon juice, 2 cups powdered sugar], title: Orange Dessert Cake, picturelink: ikpTSnWVX7g8dt7pQyQWkcNRbb3PiC}, 47084: {instructions: Let the ham sit at room temperature 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Trim off any skin from the ham if needed. Score the ham through the fat in a diagonal crosshatch pattern without cutting into the meat. Place the ham, flatside down, on a rack in a roasting pan. Pour 14 inch of water into the bottom of the pan. Roast the ham until it reaches an internal temperature of about 130 degrees F, about 2 12 hours or 15 minutes per pound.nMeanwhile, toast the coriander seeds in dry skillet until fragrant, about 1 minute. Cool and crack in a mortar and pestle or on a cutting board with a small pan. Combine the peach preserves, lemon juice, ginger and coriander in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer gently until thickened, 10 to 15 minutes. Strain into a small bowl.nRemove the ham from the oven when it has reached 130 degrees F internally. Increase the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Spoon or brush some of the glaze all over the ham. Add water as needed to the bottom of the pan. Return the ham to the oven and roast, basting every 10 minutes with the remaining glaze, until glossy, glazed and well browned, about 45 minutes more., ingredients: [One 8 to 10pound bonein, smoked, fullycooked ham, butt or shank portion, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, One 13ounce jar peach preserves, 14 cup fresh lemon juice about 1 lemon, One 3inch piece ginger, sliced], title: Peach Ginger Glazed Ham, picturelink: BY6QwlSESWdwsBnNmzI2EVZS.pmqdWq}, 47085: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Unroll pie crust in 9inch glass pie plate as directed on box for OneCrust Filled Pie. In large bowl, beat sour cream, granulated sugar, flour, salt, vanilla and egg with wire whisk until well blended stir in apples. Pour into crustlined pie plate. Bake 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F bake 30 minutes longer. Meanwhile, in medium bowl, mix all topping ingredients except butter. With pastry blender or fork, cut in butter until mixture looks like coarse crumbs refrigerate until ready to use. Sprinkle topping over pie. Bake 20 to 25 minutes longer or until topping is golden brown. Cool completely on cooling rack, about 2 hours. Cover and refrigerate any remaining pie. High Altitude 35006500 ft: In step 4, bake 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated pie crust from 15oz. box, softened as directed on box, 1 14 cups sour cream, 34 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 1 egg, 6 cups 14inch slices peeled baking apples, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Dash salt, 3 tablespoons cold butter or margarine], title: Sour CreamApple Pie, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 47086: {instructions: Special equipment: two muffin tins 18 cupcake linersnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two muffin tins with 18 cupcake liners.nPass the cocoa powder, allpurpose and cake flours, baking soda and baking powder through a finemesh sieve into a large bowl. Whisk in the granulated and light brown sugars, orange zest and salt until thoroughly combined. In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, sour cream, water, melted butter and vanilla until smooth. Add the flour mixture to the egg mixture and whisk until combined.nDivide the batter among the cupcake liners, filling each by about twothirds. Bake until set and a toothpick comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.nFrost the cupcakes with the buttercream and garnish with candied orange peel.nPlace the egg whites and sugar in the bowl of stand mixer. Set the bowl over a pot of gently simmering water and heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the sugar has dissolved and is warm to the touch about 160 degrees F. When you touch the mixture, it should feel completely smooth and not at all gritty.nImmediately transfer the bowl to a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. On high speed, whip until glossy and stiff, about 15 minutes.nSwitch to the paddle attachment and lower the speed to medium. Add the butter, piece by piece, incorporating each before adding more. Lower the speed further and mix until silky and smooth.nRemove the tops and bottoms from the oranges. Cut away the skin, removing both the peel and the white part of the skin. Cut the skin into thin strips.nPlace the peels in a medium saucepan, cover with cold water and bring to a boil. Cook for 1 minute. Drain and repeat the process two more times.nIn a large pan over medium heat, stir the sugar and 1 cup water together until the sugar has dissolved. Bring to a boil, add the peels and reduce to heat to low. Cook, swirling occasionally no stirring, until the peels are very soft and almost translucent, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nToss the peels in sanding sugar until completely covered, then transfer to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup cake flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, Zest of 1 orange preferably organic, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 34 cup sour cream, 34 cup warm water, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Duffs Swiss Meringue Buttercream, recipe follows, Sparkly Candied Orange Peel, for garnish, recipe follows, 10 egg whites, 15 ounces sugar, 2 pounds butter 8 sticks, cut into small pieces, 2 large oranges preferably organic, such as navels or other thickskinned varieties, 1 cup sugar, Water, Sanding sugar, for coating], title: Chocolate Orange Cupcakes with Duffs Swiss Meringue Buttercream, picturelink: v6J6jEmawoqbPQ5PlGYxxdqghh2WSG}, 47087: {instructions: Crisp the bacon in microwave according to package directions. Remove from microwave and chop. Of course, any bacon or turkey bacon which you have on hand may be substituted. These prerendered bacon products simply allow you to keep more heat out of the kitchen by giving you the option of a lowmaintenance microwave preparation.nChop romaine lettuce and arrange on large platter. Arrange a bed of pea shoots or sprouts on top of the lettuce then arrange the tomatoes and chopped red onion on top of that. Season the salad vegetables with salt and pepper, to your taste. Scatter chopped bacon onto salad.nRemove the rotisserie turkey from the bone with a sharp carving knife. Slice the rotisserie breast meat on an angle into strips. For thick cut turkey from the deli, julienne the meat into 12inch strips. Arrange the sliced turkey down the center of the salad platter.nCut all around the ripe avocados down to the pit. Twist and separate the halved fruit. Remove the pit with a spoon, then scoop the flesh with a spoon into your food processor bowl. Add the zest and juice of 1 lemon to the food processor. Chop garlic on your board and mash with 1 teaspoon salt to paste the garlic. Add garlic paste and the red wine vinegar to the food processor. Place lid on the food processor and turn it on. While the blade is spinning, stream in extravirgin olive oil and add hot sauce. Stop processor, taste dressing and adjust seasonings. Pour dressing back and forth over the platter evenly when you are ready to serve this simple and socool salad meal., ingredients: [12 slices microwave ready sliced bacon recommended: Ready Crisp bacon, 3 hearts romaine lettuce, 2 cups pea shoots, radish spouts or bean spouts, 3 plum tomatoes, sliced, 12 medium red onion, chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 12 pounds rotisserie turkey breast or thick sliced deli roast turkey breast, 2 ripe Hass avocados, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 clove garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco sauce, eyeball it], title: Turkey Club Salad with Avocado Dressing, picturelink: null}, 47088: {instructions: Heat grill to mediumhigh. Place the fish fillets flesh side down on a tray. Liberally brush the scales with oil to keep from sticking to the grill. Turn over and generously coat the fillets with dry seasoning and brush with margarine. Cook scaleside down until the flesh at the thickest part of fillet flakes easily with a fork. Cover grill for even heat and faster cooking. Do not turn fillets over, cook on scale side onlythe skin and scales will make a shell that will keep the fish moist during cooking. Remove fish from grill with a large spatula to avoid breaking fillets. Gently scrape meat from skin and put on plate. Top with crabmeat sauce.nMelt butter in saucepan over lowmedium heat. Add lemon juice, garlic, wine, hot sauce, and seasoning. Slowly simmer for about 2 minutes. Add the cream and simmer until well mixed. Gently stir in the crabmeat being careful not to break it up. Simmer until the crabmeat is heated through. Spoon over fish fillets and garnish with chopped green onions. Yield: 4 servings, ingredients: [4 redfish fillets, skin and scales remaining, fully boned, Bronzing, seafood or Cajun seasoning, Olive or any other cooking oil, Margarine, softened, Crabmeat Sauce, recipe follows, 12 pound lump crabmeat, picked over for remaining shell pieces, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 small lemons, juiced, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 cup white wine, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 teaspoons commercial bronzing, seafood or Cajun seasoning, 1 cup whipping cream, 4 tablespoons chopped green onion tops], title: Redfish on the HalfShell with LemonButter Lump Crabmeat Sauce, picturelink: CynxeWpiTImkKJtTTVo79tmInCNOG.}, 47089: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium. Lightly brush the corn with olive oil and season with salt. Grill, turning occasionally, until the corn is charred on all sides and the kernels are soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove and set aside until cool, then cut the kernels off the cobs.nDrizzle a saute pan with olive oil add the bacon and bring to medium heat. When the bacon is browned and crispy, add the chiles and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the corn kernels and toss to combine. Season with salt and stir in the vinegar. Toss in the scallions and remove from the heat.nToast the baguette slices on the grill until lightly charred. Remove the toasts and rub with the garlic. Drizzle with olive oil and top with the cornbacon mixture. Call yourself a superstarnPhotograph by John Kernick, ingredients: [2 ears corn, shucked, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing and drizzling, Kosher salt, 4 strips bacon, julienned, 2 Fresno chile peppers, cut into thin rounds, 3 to 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 4 scallions, thinly sliced on the bias, 6 thick slices baguette, 2 cloves garlic], title: Grilled Corn, Bacon and Chile Crostini, picturelink: tz3KuV4zkAjPrlsSHs7AQx1joYVqMS}, 47090: {instructions: Heat oil in large heavy pot. Add onion and celery and cook until tender. Stir in carrots and potatoes and toss to coat. Stir in zucchini. Add chopped tomatoes and stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat so that soup simmers until the potatoes and carrots are tender about 15  20 minutes. Stir in pasta and peas and simmer for 5 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup onion, chopped, 1 cup celery, chopped, 1 cup carrots, peeled and chopped, 1 Idaho potato, peeled and diced, 1 cup chopped zucchini, 1 cup chopped canned tomatoes, 6 cups roasted vegetable stock see above recipe, 12 cup tiny pasta alphabet, etc., 1 cup frozen peas], title: Vegetable Soup, picturelink: null}, 47091: {instructions: Marinate tritip with dry rub and place on grill. Sear both sides then grill over low heat., ingredients: [10 pounds tritip, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons black pepper, 3 tablespoons salt, 3 tablespoons garlic, 3 tablespoons chili pepper, 3 tablespoons onion salt, 3 tablespoons cumin, 3 tablespoons cilantro], title: TriTip, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 47092: {instructions: Combine the milk and orange zest in a medium stainlesssteel saucepan over medium heat and bring almost to a boil. Remove from the heat.nBeat the egg yolks and sugar on mediumhigh speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until pale and thick, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, sprinkle on the cornstarch. Beat on mediumlow speed until combined, scraping down the bowl with a rubber spatula.nWith the mixer on low speed, slowly pour the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture. Pour the mixture back into the pan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens, 5 to 7 minutes. Pay attention because it will thicken and then quickly become orange scrambled eggsnImmediately, pour the mixture through a fine sieve into a large bowl. Stir in the vanilla, Grand Marnier, butter, and heavy cream. Place plastic wrap directly on the custard and refrigerate until cold., ingredients: [1 12 cups milk, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest 1 orange, 5 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons sifted cornstarch, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon Grand Marnier liqueur, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon heavy cream], title: Orange Cream, picturelink: 1kLqKpZS7WwGKtEghVgLvNqisy04urG}, 47093: {instructions: Combine bread crumbs, crushed tortilla chips, paprika, garlic, salt, pepper, cayenne, and thyme in a shallow dish or bowl. Place flour in another shallow dish or bowl and eggs in a third. Dredge shrimp, 1 at a time, in the flour, then eggs, and then the bread crumb mixture.nHeat canola oil in a heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. When oil is hot, gently add shrimp and cook until golden brown, turning once, about 1 minute per side. Serve immediately with Avocado Salsa.nAvocado Salsa:n6 tablespoons olive oiln8 jalapeno peppers, cut in 12, seeded, and deveinedn8 serrano peppers, cut in 12, seeded, and deveinedn6 avocados, cut in 12, peeled, and pittedn4 cloves garlicn4 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leavesn4 teaspoons lime juicen6 tablespoons chicken stockn1 teaspoon onion powdernKosher salt and freshly ground peppernHeat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add jalapenos and serranos and fry over medium heat until tender. Drain and let cool slightly. Add fried peppers to a food processor or blender, along with the avocados and garlic. Blend until smooth. Add cilantro, lime juice, chicken stock, onion powder, and salt and pepper, to taste. Blend until smooth. Serve with Santa Rita Shrimp., ingredients: [2 cups bread crumbs, 3 cups crushed tortilla chips, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, beaten, 16 large gulf shrimp, deveined, 1 12 tablespoons canola oil, Avocado Salsa, recipe follows], title: Santa Rita Shrimp, picturelink: FVYk2QuaYgBSoKj.NgIvjVIPyPN2}, 47094: {instructions: Make the Pie Dough: In a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour, sugar, and salt and mix to combine. Add the butter and continue mixing until the mixture holds together when you clump it, and there are pecansized lumps of butter still visible.nMeanwhile, whisk together the yolks and milk in small bowl.nAdd the yolk mixture to the flour mixture and mix until a dough forms. Transfer the dough to a sheet of plastic wrap, wrap well and store in the refrigerator for several hours. The dough will keep for several days in the fridge and several weeks in the freezer.nMake the Almond Cream: In the standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add almond flour and mix until just combined. Add eggs and mix until combined. Add flour, vanilla, and salt and mix. Store covered in refrigerator for up to a week.nMake the Roasted Pears: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the pears with the ginger in a roasting pan and arrange them in a single layer. Sprinkle the sugar on top and dot with the butter. Bake, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 45 minutes. Let cool. Store covered in the refrigerator for up to a week.nAssemble the Crostata: Using half of the pie dough reserve half for another use, roll the dough out on a lightly floured work surface into a circle about 12 to 14 inches in diameter and 18 inch thick. Transfer the dough to a lightly buttered baking sheet.nUsing a spatula, spread a circle of almond cream about 8 inches in diameter in the center of the dough use about 12 cup of the almond cream. Arrange the pears in concentric circles in 2 layers on top of almond cream circle. Sprinkle the cranberries on top of the pears. Fold the edges of the dough in, slightly covering the pears, to form a freeform tart. Brush with the beaten egg and bake until the pastry is golden brown, about 1 hour. Remove from oven, let cool, and serve., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 sticks chilled unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 3 egg yolks, 5 tablespoons milk, 14 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 2 14 cups almond flour, 4 eggs, 14 cup flour, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 6 Bosc pears, peeled, halved, and cored, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup unsalted butter, 1 1inch piece fresh, peeled ginger, cut into 4 pieces, 12 cup fresh cranberries, 1 egg, beaten], title: Pear and Cranberry Crostata, picturelink: B9eOULXOpF7.w00RsQO9lC0HXzE56SC}, 47095: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a blender. Blend until smooth. Divide among glasses., ingredients: [8 ounces frozen orange juice concentrate, 1ounce sugarfree, fatfree vanilla pudding mix recommended: Jello, 1 4ounce orange cream yogurt recommended: Yoplait Orange Creme, 1 cup lowfat milk, 1 cup vanilla flavored vodka, 14 cup orange flavored liqueur, 2 cups ice cubes], title: Spiked Orange Smoothie, picturelink: LnZF9Y1GXkey9A38ioTlYKoEK299Pe}, 47096: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic, onion, and cumin and cook until the vegetables are slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the drained spinach and half of the salsa and cook until warmed through. Remove from the heat and stir in the chicken. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSpread 12 of the remaining salsa in the bottom of a 10inch square baking dish or ovenproof skillet. Lay 1 tortilla on the salsa and spread 12 the filling over it. Top with another tortilla and spread the remaining filling over it, and top with the last tortilla. Spread the remaining salsa over the tortilla and scatter the cheese over the top.nBake for 20 minutes, or until heated through and cheese has melted. Remove from heat and let stand for 5 minutes. Top with green onions, if desired, and cilantro. Top each serving with no more than 1 tablespoon light sour cream, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 large onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 10ounce boxes frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and excess moisture squeezed out, 2 8ounce jars storebought tomatillo salsa, or 1 16ounce jar, 1 12 pounds storebought rotisserie chicken, skin removed, meat shredded about 2 cups meat, Salt and pepper, 3 8inch flour tortillas, 2 ounces lowfat pepper Jack, shredded, 14 cup sliced green onions, for garnish, optional, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup light sour cream, for garnish, optional.], title: Green Chicken and Cheese Enchiladas, picturelink: YlDgKhmJXwRqNpdHAkC48WmazOoynq}, 47097: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nOn a large plate, pour the red sauce over the shrimp and set aside.nHeat a skillet over high heat and add the olive oil. Cook the onions and bell peppers over high heat until they start to get nicely browned. Remove from the skillet and set aside.nAdd the shrimp with the sauce. Cook, stirring only occasionally, until the shrimp are opaque. Add in a little water if the sauce gets dry. Remove from the skillet and chop the shrimp into bitesize pieces.nIn a clean skillet, heat some butter. Place a tortilla in the skillet, then layer on the ingredients: cheese, vegetables and shrimp. Top with a little more cheese and a second tortilla. Cook on both sides, adding butter before flipping to the other side so the tortilla isnt overly dry. Remove from the skillet and slice into wedges. Repeat with the rest of the tortillas and filling ingredients.nServe with sour cream, cilantro and lime wedges, ingredients: [1 cup Mexican red sauce, 12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped into chunks, 1 green bell pepper, chopped into chunks, 1 red bell pepper, chopped into chunks, Butter, for cooking tortillas, 6 flour tortillas, 2 cups grated cheese Monterey Jack is best, Sour cream, for serving, Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Quesadillas with Shrimp and Peppers, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 47098: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add the crushed garlic cloves and saute for 2 minutes, until garlic is golden. Add the onions, carrots, and celery. Season the vegetables with sea salt and freshly ground pepper. Saute for about 8 minutes. Cut the organic chicken and chicken bones into pieces. Really hack into it so that the bones and marrow are exposed. Add the chicken pieces and pint of chicken bones to the pot. Fill the pot with water until it just covers all the chicken, and bring to a boil. Tie the parsley, celery leaves, bay leaf, thyme, and tarragon into a bouquet using butchers twine or kitchen twine. Add the bouquet to the pot along with the black peppercorns. Once the broth has begun to boil, bring the heat down to mediumlow. Partially cover, and let the broth simmer for 2 to 3 hours. Strain the chicken broth through cheesecloth. Handpick the good chicken meat and set it aside., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 red onions, coarsely chopped, 3 carrots, coarsely chopped, 3 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, Big pinch sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 whole organic chicken, cut in pieces, 1 pint organic chicken bones, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, 13 cup celery leaves, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh tarragon, 5 whole black peppercorns], title: Liquid Gold Chicken Broth, picturelink: null}, 47099: {instructions: Blend all ingredients except strawberry puree. Pour into a cocktail glass and garnish with strawberry puree., ingredients: [1 ounce coconut syrup, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 1 12 ounces rum, Splash vanilla ice milk or ice cream, 12 cup ice, 1 12 ounces strawberry puree], title: Lava Flow, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}}