{47100: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the top off the garlic head. Drizzle it with about 1 tablespoon olive oil, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and wrap in aluminum foil. Roast in the oven for 30 minutes, then remove and let cool.nOnce cool, squeeze the roasted garlic cloves from the skin into a small bowl. Add the 3 tablespoons of olive oil, the red pepper flakes, and fresh herbs. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, if necessary. Mix well to make a paste.nSeason the lamb racks with salt and pepper, then rub the garlicherb mixture evenly into the meat.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. see Cooks NotenGrill the lamb racks, meat side down, for about 3 minutes on the first side. Turn, then let the second side grill for 5 minutes total, for mediumrare doneness. Cook slightly longer for medium. see Cooks NotenTransfer the lamb from the grill to a platter and tent the racks with foil. Let them rest for 10 minutes before slicing between each rib to separate the chops., ingredients: [1 head garlic, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus about 1 tablespoon for roasting garlic, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon finely chopped thyme, Three 1 12pound lamb racks, frenched and trimmed], title: Pats Garlic Grilled Lamb Chops, picturelink: rLuSGc0XSwBU2pCMnW8QtgPHisHzg8i}, 47101: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the upper part of the oven and preheat the broiler to high.nCut the tomatoes crosswise, and pop out the seeds. Season with some of the salt and place cutside down on a paper towel to drain.nCook the bacon over medium heat in a large skillet until crispy, about 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to the paper towel with the tomatoes. Cook the shallot until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the spinach, season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, stir until heated through and somewhat dry, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a board to cool.nAdd the crisp bacon into a bowl and toss with the spinach, cheese, and bread crumbs.nPlace the tomato on a foillined baking pan, season with pepper and stuff each with some of the spinach stuffing. Broil until warm throughout and tops are brown, about 5 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [2 large tomatoes, such as beefsteak about 1 pound, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 slices bacon about 3 ounces  finely chopped, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and excess liquid squeezed out, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 13 cup fine bread crumbs, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, optional], title: Stuffed Tomato, picturelink: null}, 47102: {instructions: Heat oil over medium heat in a saucepan. Add garlic, shallots and ginger. Saute for 30 seconds and add crushed tomatoes, sake, sugar and chile sauce. Simmer for 15 minutes. Remove sauce from heat and set aside. When cool, puree in blender until smooth. Reheat to serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 whole shallot, minced, 12 tablespoon fresh ginger root, minced, 14 cup sake, 1 tablespoon sugar, Salt to taste, 1 tablespoon Asian chile sauce, 1 cup tomatoes, crushed], title: Ginger Sake Sauce, picturelink: null}, 47103: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Pulse the scallions, celery and parsley in a food processor until finely chopped transfer to a bowl. Add the beef, panko, egg, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Mix with your hands, then divide into 4 portions set a piece of cheese on each. Mold the beef around the cheese and form into mini ovalshaped loaves. Stack 2 large sheets of heavyduty foil coat the top sheet with cooking spray. Arrange the meatloaves 1 12 inches apart in the center of the foil coat with cooking spray. Bring the foil edges together to make a packet and crimp to seal. Set the packet seamside down on the grill add the peppers to the grill, skinside down. Cover and cook 10 minutes. Flip the peppers, brush with Worcestershire sauce and sprinkle with salt flip the packet. Continue cooking, covered, 5 to 8 more minutes. Remove the peppers and packet from the grill. Brush the meatloaves with ketchup. Return the open packet to the grill cook 5 more minutes.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 bunch scallions white and light green parts, cut into pieces, 1 stalk celery, cut into pieces, 14 cup fresh parsley, 1 pound 90 percent lean ground beef sirloin, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, plus more for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, cut into four 2inchlong sticks, Cooking spray, 3 assorted bell peppers, quartered or cut into large chunks, 14 cup ketchup], title: Grilled Cheesy Meatloaves, picturelink: 83wTiowZYWjyPItYU952LfLC0G2qFwC}, 47104: {instructions: Cut the green ends off both eggplants and slice them in 12inch circles. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a skillet. Meanwhile, beat the eggs, along with a little bit of water, in a shallow dish. Place the flour in a separate shallow dish.nDip each eggplant circle into the egg mixture and then into the flour, making sure to coat well on both sides.nFry in the hot oil until both sides are golden. Drain the fried eggplant on paper towels and set aside.nTo assemble, cover the bottom of a 9 x 12 x 2inch baking pan with some tomato sauce. Arrange a layer of the eggplant over the sauce, fitting the eggplant slices tightly together like a puzzle. Cover the eggplant with more sauce. Arrange a layer of mozzarella over this. Top the mozzarella with more sauce. Repeat these layers twice.nSprinkle the Romano over the top and bake the eggplant in a 400 degree oven for 30 minutes.nChop the garlic until it is fine, either in a food processor fitted with the steel blade or by hand. Heat the oil on high heat in a Dutch oven or large saucepan with at least a 5quart capacity. Add the garlic and cook until light brown.nStir in the tomatoes, juice, and quarts of water. Add the pepper, parsley, basil, sugar and salt. Stir again. When the sauce begins to boil, reduce the heat. Simmer, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [2 large eggplants, 6 cups Famous Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, 3 cups vegetable oil, Sixteen 14inch thick slices Mozzarella cheese, 1 cup coarsely grated Romano cheese, 4 large eggs, 14 cup water, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 quarts water, For Famous Tomato Sauce:, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup garlic cloves, peeled, 12 teaspoon dried parsley leaves, crumbled, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 14 teaspoons dried basil leaves, crumbled, Two 28 ounce cans crushed, peeled tomatoes, including juice, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 2 14 teaspoons salt], title: Eggplant Parmigiana, picturelink: null}, 47105: {instructions: Rub tritip roast with olive oil and then garlic and herb dry rub. Using injector inject the roast in at least 4 spots with the buttergarlic sauce. Plug each hole with the first chile and then the garlic. Let stand for at least an hour 2 hrs preferred.nLight gas grill and set on low to medium flame. Place wood chips in foil on flame and place roast on second rack or highest rack available fat side down. Slow roast the tritip for 20 to 30 minutes or until desired doneness, not turning it for the whole time it is being roasted.nRemove when done and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pound tritip either pork or beef, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 tablespoons dried garlic and herb rub, 1 jar butter and garlic injection sauce, 4 small garlic cloves, peeled, 4 small chiles, Hickory chips], title: Brazilian Slow Roasted Injected TriTip, picturelink: b5KRQ9hxkdje67EqbSvBiBZdXSvbUi}, 47106: {instructions: Preheat oven 425 for 20 minutes. Clean entire fish, leaving head and tail intact. Place about 1 pound of salt on an oven tray or a heatproof ceramic plate and place fish on top. Sprinkle fish with salt and place the thyme in the cavity. Cover the fish with the remaining salt. Bake for 15 minutes.nWith 2 spoons scrape salt from the fish. Fillet the fish, discarding the bones. Divide fish and place on 2 plates. Sprinkle with olive oil and serve with seasonal salad and vegetables., ingredients: [1 12 pound sea bass or red snapper, 3 to 5 pounds Sicilian course salt or edible rock salt, 1 sprig thyme, Salt to taste, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil], title: Il Branzino al Sale di Sofia, picturelink: null}, 47107: {instructions: Peel the pears and put them in a bowl of cold water acidulated with the juice of the lemon. Cut the pears into slices and return sliced pears to acidulated water. In a small saucepan combine the red wine, the Port, the cinnamon stick, the cloves, and the rind, bring the liquid to a boil, and boil the mixture for 5 minutes. Add the sugar and simmer the syrup, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved. Add the pear slices, drained, and simmer them for 5 to 7 minutes, or until they are tender. Let the pear slices cool completely in the syrup. The pear slices may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled in the syrup. Divide the pear slices among 4 bowls and spoon some of the syrup over each serving., ingredients: [2 firm pears, about 1 pound, 12 lemon, 2 cusp dry red wine, 1 cup Ruby Port, 3inch cinnamon stick, 4 whole cloves, 2 3 by 1inch strips fresh lemon rind, 14 cup sugar], title: PortPoached Pears, picturelink: null}, 47108: {instructions: In a large saucepan combine milk, cream, nutmeg, cinnamon, salt, and pepper. Gently fold in sweet potatoes. Bring to a simmer and allow sauce to thicken.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter a 3quart baking dish. Combine the bread crumbs, butter and Cheddar to make the gratin topping. Transfer the potato mixture to the baking dish and sprinkle with the gratin topping. Bake until the potatoes are cooked through, about 35 to 45 minutes.nServe in the baking dish, garnished with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 1 pint 2 cups heavy cream, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 pounds sweet potatoes about 12 sweet potatoes, depending on size, peeled and sliced thin with a mandoline, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into chunks, plus more for baking dish, 14 cup panko bread crumbs, 14 cup grated Cheddar], title: Home Sweet Potato Home Au Gratin, picturelink: null}, 47109: {instructions: In a skillet melt butter and cook onion for about 3 minutes or until softened. Remove skillet from heat and stir in spinach, feta cheese and egg. Season with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Lay out one layer of phyllo dough and brush with butter. Top with another layer of dough and repeat with butter and a third layer of dough. With a sharp knife cut rectangle into 3 evenly sized pieces. Place a heaping tablespoon of the spinach mixture in lower left corner of one of the pieces and fold up as you would a flagfolding the lower corner up to form a triangle and continuing to fold up in the shape of a triangle. Place triangles on a baking sheet, at this point they can be frozen and then stored in an airtight container. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden brown and puffed., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup onion, finely chopped, 1 pkg frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, 8 sheets phyllo, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 stick butter, melted, Salt, Pepper], title: Spinach Feta Triangles, picturelink: null}, 47110: {instructions: In a food processor blend the Cheddar, butter, flour, sesame seeds, shallot, salt and white pepper until the mixture forms a ball of dough. Halve the dough. On sheets of plastic wrap form each half into a log about 6 inches long and 1 12 inches in diameter, and chill the dough, wrapped in the plastic wrap, for 1 to 2 hours, or until it is firm enough to slice. Cut the dough into 14inch slices, arrange the slices 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets, and bake them in batches in the middle of a preheated 400 degree F oven for 5 to 7 minutes, or until the edges are golden brown. Transfer the crisps carefully with a metal spatula to racks, let them cool, and drain them on paper towels if desired., ingredients: [12 pound extrasharp Cheddar, grated, 1 stick 12 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup sesame seeds, toasted lightly and cooled, 14 cup minced shallot, 12 teaspoon salt, White pepper to taste], title: Cheddar Sesame Crisps, picturelink: null}, 47111: {instructions: In a tall glass, muddle the fruit and sugar. Add the ice cubes, rum, and club soda. Mix using either a straw or stirrer. Enjoy, ingredients: [12 lemon, sliced, 12 lime, sliced, 2 tablespoons sugar, Ice cubes, 2 ounces spiced rum, 3 ounces club soda], title: Spiced Rum Rickey, picturelink: dPxh9JkpcKLwZoqMtjypGX1Xt0ZEf4.}, 47112: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 47113: {instructions: Combine the sugar, 1 cup water and the ginger in a saucepan over mediumlow heat allow to come to a gentle simmer, stirring until the sugar has completely dissolved.nRemove from the heat and let the ginger syrup cool to room temperature. Strain the syrup and discard the ginger.nPop open the bubbly and grab a couple of champagne flutes. Divide the pomegranate molasses between the flutes, then add about 2 tablespoons of the ginger syrup to each. Top with the bubbly. Clink glasses and enjoy Store the remaining ginger syrup in the fridge. You can drizzle it into seltzer the rest of the week.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 14 cup finely minced peeled ginger, 1 bottle 750 ml cava or other dry sparkling wine, 12 teaspoon pomegranate molasses], title: PomegranateGinger Sparklers, picturelink: dbPTkfVlrMJPoWGNpgo70RiINq6707K}, 47114: {instructions: Chop the cranberries in a manual food chopper NOT a food processor. Chop the apples and the oranges into small cubes with their skins. Add the remaining ingredients and stir well. Allow the flavors to blend overnight or for several hours in the refrigerator. Relish may be frozen., ingredients: [1 pound cranberries, 2 apples, 2 oranges, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 lemon, juiced an optional ingredient, 1 can drained, crushed pineapple, 2 ounces brandy or Grand Marnier], title: Cranberry Relish, picturelink: null}, 47115: {instructions: Season the pork chops with coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper.nIn a large skillet on high heat, heat the olive oil. Add the pork chops to the hot pan, and sear the pork to brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Turn the heat down to medium, and cook until cooked through, about 6 more minutes, depending on the thickness of your chops.nRemove the chops from the pan, and drain off the excess fat. Return the pan to the heat, and add the minced shallots and allow them to soften. Then, add the vermouth, scraping up all the browny bits from the bottom of the pan. Let it simmer for 1 or 2 minutes, reducing slightly. Serve the pork chops on a warm platter with the sauce drizzled over top., ingredients: [8 1 to 1 12inch thick pork chops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 2 large shallots, minced, 12 to 34 cup vermouth], title: Martini Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 47116: {instructions: Prepare macaroni and cheese dinner according to package directions. Stir in pepperoni., ingredients: [1 7.25ounce box macaroni and cheese dinner, 1 3.5ounce package Hormelu00ae Pepperoni], title: Peppy Mac and Cheese, picturelink: yY36Pw7t5wKutSKN27.LwrbSHldEuq}, 47117: {instructions: Cut collard greens from the stems. Wash thoroughly until water runs clear and set aside. Place 1 quart water in a 5gallon Dutch oven or stockpot, and add the smoked turkey wing, sugar, red pepper, and garlic and onion powders. Bring to a boil over high heat. Add cleaned collard greens and cook down. Once greens have cooked down, reduce the heat to a simmer and stir frequently. Taste broth and add vinegar to taste. The total cooking time should be about 1 hour, depending on the tenderness of the greens the greens are done when they are a consistent dark green in color.nLeftovers may be frozen in resealable plastic bags place some broth in each bag and record date. Store in freezer for up to 3 months., ingredients: [40 pounds collard greens, 1 smoked turkey wing, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 teaspoons garlic powder, 4 teaspoons onion powder, 14 cup vinegar], title: Collard Greens, picturelink: null}, 47118: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly spray muffin cups with canola cooking spray set aside.nCombine all ingredients in a mixing bowl. Stir to combine thoroughly.nSpoon batter into prepared muffin cups, filling each 23 full.nBake for 20 to 22 minutes or until tops are golden brown.nPer Muffin: Calories: 110 Total Fat 0 grams Saturated Fat: 0 grams Protein: 5 grams Total carbohydrates: 38 grams Sugar: 13 grams Fiber: 3 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 326 milligrams, ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box raisin bran muffin mix recommended: SunMaid, 2 egg whites, 1 14 cups grated zucchini about 1 medium zucchini, 14 cup unsweetened applesauce, 34 cup apple juice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup raisins], title: Moist Zucchini Bran Muffins, picturelink: 5vPO9V.Y4E93wOZAq5nhvsPQ.ZmZJ.W}, 47119: {instructions: Orange slices, for garnish Add cola, bitters, orange liqueur, and juice to a pitcher filled with ice. Stir to combine. Pour into serving glasses and garnish with orange slices., ingredients: [12 ounces cola, 2 ounces Campari, 2 ounces orange liqueur, 14 cup fresh orange juice, Ice], title: Campari Cola, picturelink: null}, 47120: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the oil and onions in a medium skillet and cook over very low heat, stirring occasionally, until onions are soft and caramelized, about 15 minutes. Turn the heat up to medium and add the arugula. Cook until the arugula is wilted, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper.nPlace the tortillas on a baking sheet and top each with some of the arugulaonion mixture. Crumble some goat cheese on top of each, and bake for 10 minutes. Allow to cool for a few minutes and cut each pizza into 4 triangles., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 red onion, sliced, 3 cups arugula, washed, dried and coarsely chopped, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 wholewheat tortillas, 6inches in diameter, 2 ounces reducedfat goat cheese], title: Arugula, Caramelized Onion and Goat Cheese Pizza, picturelink: myU3nnDzxa8JNLC3ZYHYYed2mhyvxbW}, 47121: {instructions: Place 2inchthick slices of pound cake on dessert plates. Douse cake slices with sambuca or other anise liqueur.nSlice berries and sprinkle with 2 teaspoons sugar, then toss and reserve.nBeat whipping cream with 2 tablespoons sugar with a hand mixer until soft peaks form.nTop cake with berries and drizzle with zigzags of syrup. Top cake and berries with whipped cream. Using a vegetable peeler, shave dark chocolate over each dessert plate and serve., ingredients: [1 prepared pound cake, from bakery section or frozen foods, defrosted, 3 ounces sambuca, or other anise liqueur, 12 pint strawberries, halved or sliced, 2 teaspoons sugar plus 2 tablespoons, 1 pint whipping cream, Chocolate syrup, for drizzling, 1 bar good quality dark bittersweet chocolate], title: Sambuca Cake With Strawberries, Whipped Cream and Shaved Chocolate, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 47122: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo begin, dice the onion. Melt the butter in a large pot or Dutch oven. Throw in the onion and cook until translucent.nNow dump in the diced tomatoes and stir to combine. Add the tomato juice.nNext  and this is important  in order to combat the acidity of the tomatoes add 3 to 6 tablespoons of sugar. Now, youll want to start on the low side, then taste and add more as needed. Some tomatoes and juice have more of an acidic bite than others. For what its worth, and I realize its not worth much, I use 6 tablespoons of sugar.nNext, add 1 or 2 tablespoons chicken base to the pot. I added 3, and it wound up being a little too much.nNow you can add lots of freshly ground black pepper. Stir to combine, then heat almost to a boil. Then turn off the heat.nAdd in the sherry if desired. Stir in the cream. Add the basil and parsley and stir.nServe the soup warm, ingredients: [1 medium white or yellow onion, 6 tablespoons 34 stick butter, Two 14.5ounce cans diced tomatoes, One 46ounce bottle or can tomato juice, 3 to 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 or 2 tablespoons chicken base, or 3 chicken bouillon cubes, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sherry, optional, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Best Tomato Soup Ever, picturelink: nmWxalB.VjEZSa0iX9RuZ8xI51Y7bS}, 47123: {instructions: Mix pork, green onions, eggs and soy sauce in bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Lay out one lumpia wrapper on clean surface. Spread 12 tablespoons of mixture in a thin line against the edge of wrapper. Roll tightly, very long and thin, leaving the edges open. Seal opposite end with water.nDeep fry at 350 degrees until golden brown, about 35 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Before serving, cut them in half. Serve with sweet sour or vinegar and garlic dipping sauce.nMix together all ingredients.nIn a small pan combine vinegar, soy sauce, ketchup, water, sugar and salt, and boil for 2 minutes. Thicken with cornstarch mixture., ingredients: [1 lb lean ground pork, 3 green onions, chopped, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 tbsp soy sauce, Salt and pepper to taste, 20 lumpia wrappers, square, Vinegar Dipping Sauce, for serving, Sweet and Sour Sauce, for serving, 12 cup white vinegar, 3 garlic cloves, crushed, Salt and cracked black pepper to taste, 14 cup white vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup ketchup, 12 cup water, 2 tbsp sugar, salt to taste, 1 tbsp cornstarch dissolved in 2 tbsp water], title: Lumpia Shanghai, picturelink: null}, 47124: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace garlic on a piece of aluminum foil. Drizzle with oil. Wrap up garlic and roast in oven for about 30 minutes, or until soft. Remove roasted garlic from the oven, remove peel and puree in a food processor until smooth. Place in refrigerator to rest and cool. When cool, combine with the cram cheese.nSlice bread, 12inch thick, on the bias. Toast the bread slightly and set aside.nSpread cream cheese mixture on the toast and sprinkle lightly with half of the Romano.nReturn to oven to warm the cheese. Remove from the oven and top with tomatoes. Sprinkle with the remaining Romano. Scatter basil on top of the bruschetta and serve., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, Oil, 1 loaf French bread, One 16ounce package cream cheese, 1 cup Romano, freshly grated, 1 cup chopped tomatoes, 1 bunch basil, leaves chopped], title: Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 47125: {instructions: In a medium bowl mix the potatoes, onions, and 12 teaspoon salt by hand.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large nonstick frying pan. Fry the potatoes and onions on low heat and cover with a lid for 5 minutes to let them soften. Turn up the heat for another 5 minutes until golden brown. Remove from the stove and drain off any excess oil.nMeanwhile break the eggs into a medium bowl. Add the remaining salt and milk and whisk vigorously until frothy. Add the potatoes and onions to the eggs and mix until fully integrated.nClean the frying pan and return to stove.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil on a high heat and pour in the mixture, moving it around in the pan to help the tortilla to rise. Fry until golden brown, stirring occasionally until it has set. Then turn down the heat to allow the inside to cook. After a few minutes turn up the heat in order to brown the tortilla.nWhen its cooked place a large plate over the frying pan and flip the tortilla onto it. Return to the pan and fry the other side until golden brown., ingredients: [6 medium potatoes, diced, 2 small onions, coarsely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, plus 12 teaspoon, 2 tablespoons sunflower oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 7 eggs, 14 cup milk, Serving suggestion: tomato salad drizzled with olive oil], title: Spanish Tortilla, picturelink: MqENteLHQt7umNYgwU.1aEeqtcoKNK}, 47126: {instructions: Heat 12 cup olive oil with the grated zest of 12 orange, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds and 12 teaspoon pepper flakes. Drizzle over Classic Mash or PepperSwirl Mash.nClassic Mashed Potatoes Cover 2 pounds whole russet or Yukon gold potatoes with cold salted water simmer 45 minutes. Drain, peel and mash with 12 to 1 stick butter. Add 1 cup hot milk, and salt and pepper mash until smooth and fluffy.nPepperSwirl Mashed Potatoes Saute 2 chopped red bell peppers and 1 teaspoon thyme leaves in olive oil, covered, until tender. Puree swirl into Classic Mash.nSee all 50 easy mashed potato recipesnPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: OrangeFennel Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: 9NJVI8i7DZI0lTQtrmfJYhYDh65uAO}, 47127: {instructions: Peel kohlrabi with a vegetable peeler and cut into 2inch long julienne strips. Discard coarse stems from watercress. In a large heavy skillet, heat butter and reserved duck fat over moderately high heat until foam subsides and saute kohlrabi, stirring, until crisptender, 5 to 10 minutes. Add lemon juice and saute kohlrabi, stirring, 1 minute more. Remove skillet from heat and immediately stir in watercress. Season vegetables with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound small kohlrabi bulbs about 1 bunch, 1 bunch watercress, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon rendered duck fat or 1 additional tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Kohlrabi and Watercress, picturelink: null}, 47128: {instructions: Toast the pepper, coriander and cumin together in a dry pan over low heat until they crackle and pop shake the pan constantly. Their color should be light brown, and spices should smell like toast, popcorn, smoky, etc. Pour them straight into a coffee grinder and blend the seeds to a fine powder. Add the lamb to a medium bowl and stir in all of the spices, the garlic and salt. Combine well. Form the lamb mixture into 6 even patties.nOpen the dried peppers and shake out the seeds a few seeds left in is ok. Add the peppers to a saucepan with the water, and boil over medium heat until only 14 cup of liquid remains at the bottom. Add the peppers with cooking liquid, sour cream, oil, garlic and lime to a blender, and blend it until very smooth. Add the salt and blend again. Pour in enough cream to thin the mixture to a saucy consistency. Pulse a few times to incorporate and get squirtable consistency.nGrill the lamb patties and the ciabatta until nice, dark grill marks are everywhere lamb is at its juiciest around mediumrare. Put about 1 teaspoon of the sauce on each side of the bun. Slice the patties in half to lay lengthwise on the bread. Crumble the Cotija cheese over the top. Dress Add the onion, tomato slices and lettuce. Cut sandwich lengthwise along the seam of the lamb patty and plate with the crosssection facing outward., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons whole black pepper, 12 teaspoons coriander seeds, 12 teaspoons cumin seeds, 14 to 12 teaspoons cayenne powder, 2 cloves minced fresh garlic, Salt, 2 pounds grassfed ground lamb antibiotic free, hormone free, About 13 cup dried ancho chiles, caps removed and seeded, About 13 cup dried pulla, caps removed and seeded, About 13 cup dried pasilla, caps removed and seeded, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small clove garlic, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 tablespoon salt, Cream, as needed, 6 ciabatta buns, about 6 by 4inches, 3 ounces Cotija cheese, Red onion, sliced, Tomato, sliced, Lettuce or spring green mix], title: LatinSpiced Lamb Burgers, picturelink: null}, 47129: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix all ingredients together, except lamb and baguette. Place lamb cubes in the yogurt marinade and marinate for 24 to 48 hours in refrigerator. To make the raita, mix all ingredients together and let sit in refrigerator for a couple of hours so flavors can develop. Once lamb has marinated, skewer the lamb pieces and grill over coals and soaked oak or hickory wood chips, making sure to cook them slowly to get to an internal temperature of 145 degrees F. Slice open a baguette, slather it with raita, and stuff with grilled lamb. Eat hoagie with ice cold beer., ingredients: [1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and shredded, 1 onion, finely diced, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 tomato, diced, 2 cups yogurt, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons roasted cumin seeds], title: Lamb Tandoori Hoagies, picturelink: DosQE6dFrgW2hRU5rRy4rWpMWrDBEpq}, 47130: {instructions: 1. Combine the vinegar, 1 cup water, sugar, and 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Soak the carrots in the vinegar brine for at least 30 minutes.n2. Place the chicken breasts in a small saucepan with just enough water to cover. Add 14 cup soy sauce and 3 sprigs cilantro and bring to a simmer. Cover and simmer, about 18 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, uncover, and cool the chicken in the liquid, about 30 minutes. Tear the chicken into shreds and toss with 13 cup mayonnaise, Sriracha, and the remaining 1 tablespoon soy sauce.n3. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Slice the baguettes lengthwise, leaving a hinge intact. Spread mayonnaise on both sides of the bread. Add the chicken and toast, open faced, 5 to 8 minutes. Drain the carrots. Add the carrots, cucumbers, and cilantro leaves to each sandwich and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup white vinegar, 12 cup sugar, Kosher salt, 3 medium carrots, julienned, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 3, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, plus 3 cilantro sprigs, 13 cup mayonnaise, plus more for bread, 2 to 3 tablespoons Sriracha an Asian chili sauce, 2 cucumbers, sliced into thin rounds, 4 8inch French baguettes ficelle], title: Chicken Banh Mi, picturelink: null}, 47131: {instructions: Soak apple wood smoking chips in water, about 15 minutes. Set up a grill for indirect cooking over medium heat leave one side with no heat source. Drain the wood chips. If using a gas grill, put the chips in a smoker box and place over the heat source if using a charcoal grill, place the wet chips directly on top of the coals.nMake the rub: Combine 14 cup salt, 2 tablespoons pepper, the garlic powder, oregano, celery seeds, paprika, chili powder and ancho chile powder in a bowl. Set aside about onethird of the mixture for sprinkling on the ribs when finished.nMake the ribs: Combine the vinegar, lemon juice and 14 cup water in a spritzer bottle. This will be used for basting, which will keep the ribs moist and tender and help the rub stick.nRub the ribs all over with the remaining dry rub, then put them on the cooler side of the grill not over direct heat you want the ribs to cook low and slow. Cover and cook 2 hours and 30 minutes, spraying the ribs with the vinegar mixture two or three times throughout the cooking. When the ribs are just about done, give them a final spray and sprinkle liberally with the reserved dry rub so the finished ribs are coated with all that delicious flavor.nPhotographs by James Baigrie, ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup garlic powder, 12 cup dried oregano, 12 cup celery seeds, toasted, 1 cup smoked paprika, 12 cup chili powder, 34 cup ancho chile powder, 34 cup distilled white vinegar, Juice of 2 lemons, 4 slabs baby back pork ribs about 2 pounds each], title: Smoked Ribs With Dry Rub, picturelink: qYyUp4ObVQXbK8NIoLx70FIiRUJdR16}, 47132: {instructions: Cooks Note: If using a Good Eats tortilla recipe, decrease milk to 13 cup.nTear the tortillas into small pieces and place in a food processor. Add the milk, egg, salt and pepper. Process until a chunky paste forms and you are able to squeeze a ball together in your hand, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl, as needed. Transfer to a mixing bowl and stir in the onions and jalapenos. Set aside.nPlace the oil into a 5quart pot or Dutch oven and heat to 365 to 375 degrees F.nRoll the dough into 1 to 1 12inch balls or scoop with a small, 2teaspoon ice cream scoop. Fry 6 to 8 at a time in the oil until crisp and golden brown, approximately 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack set over a sheet pan and allow to cool 1 to 2 minutes before serving., ingredients: [10 ounces corn tortillas, approximately 20, 12 cup whole milk, 1 whole egg, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup diced onions, 2 tablespoons minced jalapenos, 2 quarts peanut oil], title: Masa Tot, picturelink: BtqjbAs4vVkrRd6XLGPwwXWV6PU6k2}, 47133: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 47134: {instructions: Make 2 cups simple syrup recipe below, adding 4 cinnamon sticks before heating. Let cool, then pour into an icefilled pitcher. Stir in 2 cups each fresh grapefruit juice and water and some raspberries.nSimple Syrup: To make 2 cups simple syrup, bring 1 12cups each sugar and water to a boil, stirring until dissolved. Let cool.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Cinnamon Grapefruitade, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 47135: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a large closedstar tipnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the bacon in a cold pan over mediumhigh heat, flipping threequarters of the way through cooking, until crisp, about 10 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a paper towellined plate and reserve the fat.nGrease a 12cup muffin tin with some of the reserved fat and set aside. In a big bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and some salt.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the eggs, buttermilk and 2 tablespoons of the reserved bacon fat to a uniform color.nChop 10 slices of the bacon coarsely into roughly 14inch pieces. Finely chop the remaining 2 slices and set aside.nQuickly but gently fold the liquid mixture into the dry mixture. It should be a loose batter, not a dough. If not, add just a tad more buttermilk or even some cream. Then, fold in the coarsely chopped bacon.nDivide the batter among the muffin cups in the prepared tin and bake until the tops are golden and a toothpick comes out somewhat clean, 15 to 18 minutes. Let cool for 7 minutes, then turn them out upsidedown so they develop a nice thin crust on the baked edge. Cool to just warm or room temperature before frosting, another 7 to 10 minutes.nBeat the honey, butter and a pinch of salt together with a hand mixer or in the bowl of a stand mixer until light and fluffy. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a large closedstar tip and pipe a generous tablespoon on the tops of each of the cupcakes. Serve., ingredients: [12 slices thickcut bacon, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt, 2 extralarge eggs plus one extralarge egg yolk, 1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, plus more as needed, 4 tablespoons honey, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Bacon Cornbread Cupcakes with Honey Butter, picturelink: 7YA6vKggiajCSvVUb8Q61mW0Q9sFWVO}, 47136: {instructions: In a large stockpot, heat the fat over medium heat. Add the lamb meat and brown. Once the meat is brown remove and reserve. Reduce the heat to low and add the onion, garlic, and diced vegetables. Season with salt and pepper, and sweat for 5 minutes. Return the reserved browned meat and then add the tomatoes and paprika and simmer for 10 minutes.nAdd stock and simmer for 3 hours until lamb is tender. Add the cooked beans and check seasoning. Place in bowls and garnish with a tablespoon of sour cream and sliced scallions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lard or bacon fat, 2 pounds cubed lamb shoulder, 1 large onion, minced, 2 cloves crushed garlic, 1 red pepper, cored, seeded, and diced, 1 yellow pepper, cored, seeded, and diced, 1 green pepper, cored, seeded, and diced, 2 Hungarian hot peppers, cored, seeded, and diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12ounce can peeled and diced tomatoes, 4 tablespoons paprika, 1 quart lamb or chicken stock, 12 pound cooked white kidney beans, 1 cup sour cream, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced for garnish], title: Eastern European Chile, picturelink: null}, 47137: {instructions: PREHEAT oven to 450 degrees F or grill to mediumhigh.nCENTER half of the cauliflowerettes, broccoli and carrots on each sheet of Reynolds Wrap Aluminum Foil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Combine olive oil, garlic, oregano and balsamic pour over vegetables on both sheets of foil. Top each with 2 ice cubes.nBRING up foil sides. Double fold top and ends to seal making one large packet, leaving room for heat circulation inside.nBAKE 20 minutes on a cookie sheet in oven OR GRILL 9 to 11 minutes in covered grill., ingredients: [2 18X24 sheets Reynolds Aluminum Foil, 2 and 12 cups cauliflower florettes, 2 and 12 cups broccoli florettes, 1 cup peeled, baby carrots, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano or basil, 4 ice cubes], title: Mediterranean Veggie Packets, picturelink: 4Ga74k55k4b7pu2NPzEJ37sTDOsWS0y}, 47138: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPreheat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil to skillet and 4 tablespoons butter. When butter melts, add bay leaf and add the vegetables as you chop them, celery, onions then apples. Sprinkle the vegetables and apples with salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. Cook 5 to 6 minutes to begin to soften vegetables and apples then add parsley and stuffing cubes to the pan and combine. Moisten the stuffing with chicken broth until all of the bread is soft but not wet.nButter 12 muffin cups, 2 tins, liberally with remaining butter. Use an ice cream scoop to fill and mound up the stuffing in muffin tins. Remove the bay leaf as you scoop the stuffing when you come upon it. Bake until set and crisp on top, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove stuffin muffins to a platter and serve hot or room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 stick butter, softened, 1 fresh bay leaf, available in produce department, 4 ribs celery and greens, from the heart, chopped save time and purchase celery already washed, trimmed and cut into sticks, this makes chopping fast work, 1 medium to large yellow skinned onion, chopped, 3 McIntosh apples, quartered and chopped, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons poultry seasoning, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 8 cups cubed stuffing mix recommended: Pepperidge Farm, 2 to 3 cups chicken stock, available in paper containers on the soup aisle], title: Apple and Onion Stuffin Muffins, picturelink: hQKXYSlSqOBYzseXKhrejj6pJtv2Rx6}, 47139: {instructions: Heat oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Lower heat to medium. Add onions and saute, stirring, until edges are browned, about 10 to 12 minutes. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste.nPlace 34ounce Cheddar on 1 slice bread. Spread 1 tablespoon caramelized onions on top of cheese and top with 34ounce pepper Jack. Top with 1 large or 2 medium slices tomato and other slice of bread. Repeat with 3 other sandwiches.nSpray a nonstick skillet or griddle with cooking spray and heat until hot. Place sandwich on griddle and weigh down with a heavy skillet or plate. Lower heat to mediumlow and grill until underside is a deep brown but not burnt and cheese is partially melted, about 5 to 6 minutes. Flip sandwich and grill other side, an additional 4 to 5 minutes. Slice in half and serve hot., ingredients: [2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 large red onion, finely diced, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces sharp Cheddar, thinly sliced, divided, 8 slices wholewheat bread, 3 ounces pepper Jack cheese, thinly sliced, divided, 1 large or 2 medium beefsteak or hothouse tomatoes, sliced, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Sweet and Spicy Grilled Cheese Sandwiches, picturelink: KEZHh9jtB2PmVVQ0NFhuDySRxw41KXW}, 47140: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine butter, egg, milk, maple syrup and vanilla. Add chopped nuts and gently pour into tart shell. Garnish with extra nuts if you like.nBake for 25 to 30 minutes until top of tart is puffed and bubbly and crust is starting to brown. Cool for 20 minutes before removing from tart pan.nCan be served warm or at room temperature. Add a dollop of whipped cream for an extra special treat, ingredients: [13 cup butter, melted, 1 egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons milk, 12 cup pure Vermont maple syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup or 4ounce bag maple sugar coated pecans or walnuts, coarsely chopped recommended: Mapled Nut Co. brand, 1 9inch unbaked tart shell or pie shell], title: Mapled Nut Butter Tart, picturelink: null}, 47141: {instructions: In a food processor, chop first four ingredients. To this mixture, add olive oil, cheese, salt and pepper. Mix and serve., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 cups basil leaves, 1 12 to 2 cups collard greens, 3 cloves garlic, 2 ounces parsley, 34 cup olive oil, 1 cup grated Italian cheese, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Pesto with a Southern Bite, picturelink: null}, 47142: {instructions: In a kettle cook the ham, the shallot, the garlic and the red pepper flakes in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, for 3 minutes, add the wine, the bell pepper and the clams, and steam the mixture, covered, for 5 minutes, or until the clams begin to open. Transfer the clams as they open with tongs to 2 heated bowls, cover them, and continue to steam the unopened clams, shaking the kettle and transferring the clams as they open, for up to 10 minutes more discard any unopened clams. Remove the kettle from the heat, stir the lemon juice and the coriander into the broth, and pour the broth over the clams., ingredients: [2 ounces boiled ham, chopped fine, 14 cup finely chopped shallot, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 red bell pepper, chopped fine, 18 small hardshelled clams, scrubbed well, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 13 cup finely chopped fresh coriander leaves], title: Portuguese Steamed Clams, picturelink: null}, 47143: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and toss in the garlic and crushed red pepper. Bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat. When the garlic is golden and very aromatic, remove it from the pan and ditch it.nAdd the pine nuts, raisins, vinegar and 2 tablespoons water to the pan. Bring the liquid to a boil, lower the heat and toss in the escarole. Toss the escarole to coat with the oil and vinegar mixture and season with salt. Remove the pan from the heat and cover for 1 minute.nRemove the lid from the pan, toss again and taste. Adjust the seasonings, if needed., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper, 14 cup pine nuts, 14 cup golden raisins, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 large bunch escarole, cut into 2inch lengths, Kosher salt], title: Wilted Escarole with Pine Nuts and Raisins, picturelink: xRzCWdKjtpeJk7aGQsbJpHKmPT72kJu}, 47144: {instructions: For the marinade: In a large bowl, mix together the marinade ingredients. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Marinate at least 30 minutes, or in the refrigerator up to overnight.nFor the sauce: When youre ready to make the curry, place a large skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil and butter. When the butter has melted, add the GingerGarlic Paste and serrano peppers. Saute until lightly browned around the edges. Add the tomato paste and cook until the tomato has darkened in color, about 3 minutes. Add the garam masala and the paprika and saute for about 1 minute to draw out their flavors.nAdd the tomatoes, salt, and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil, turn down to a simmer, and cook until thickened, about 20 minutes. You may need more water depending on how much liquid the tomatoes give off.nMeanwhile, fire up your grill. When it is nice and hot, lightly brush it with oil. Place the chicken on the grill, shaking off some of the excess marinade. Cook until its charred, about 2 minutes on each side. Dont worry that the chicken will still be a little uncooked, it finishes cooking in the sauce.nPour the sauce into a blender or food processor, or use an immersion blender, and process until smooth. Pour back into the skillet and bring back up to a boil. Add the chicken and fenugreek leaves, if using. Take the heat down to a simmer and cook for about 10 minutes. Add the cream and stir through. Garnish with minced fresh cilantro, and serve over rice, with naan, or a crusty piece of breadnThrow the garlic, ginger, and canola oil in a minifood processor and let it go until it forms a semismooth paste. There will still be tiny little pieces in there, but overall, it should resemble a paste.nSave what you dont use in a small glass jar. It should last in the fridge for 2 to 3 weeks. Its a delicious addition to marinades, pasta sauces, stir fry sauces, slowcooker recipes, gravy etc. We always had a jar of this stuff in our fridge growing up., ingredients: [1 cup plain yogurt, whisked until smooth, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, put through a garlic press or finely minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into large bitesize chunks, 3 tablespoons butter, GingerGarlic Paste, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2inch thumb ginger, peeled and minced, 2 serrano pepper, minced seeds removed if you dont want it spicy, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 8 Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 cups water, 1 tablespoon dried fenugreek leaves, optional, 12 cup heavy cream, Fresh cilantro leaves, minced, Serving suggestion: Cooked rice, warm naan bread or crusty bread., 12 cup cloves garlic, whole, 12 cup fresh ginger, peeled, cut into 12inch slices, 14 cup canola oil], title: Chicken in Creamy Tomato Curry: Chicken Tikka Masala, picturelink: null}, 47145: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBeat together butter and cheddar in a bowl with an electric mixer until smooth, then beat in remaining ingredients.nRoll rounded teaspoons of dough into balls and arrange 3 inches apart on buttered baking sheets. Flatten each ball into a 1 12inch disk and bake in batches in middle of oven until golden, 15 to 18 minutes., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 8 ounces cheddar, coarsely grated 2 cups, 1 large egg yolk, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 23 cup pecans, finely chopped], title: Cheddar Pecan Crisps, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 47146: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpread each of the brownies with 1 tablespoon of nutella. Sprinkle each of the brownies with 1 tablespoon chopped hazelnuts. Top the nuts with 1 tablespoon mini chocolate chips. Place the brownies on a baking sheet and bake for 5 to 7 minutes until the chocolate is starting to melt. Transfer the brownies to the refrigerator and let cool until the chocolate hardens, about one hour., ingredients: [4 brownies about 2 by 3inches, 14 cup nutella, 14 cup chopped toasted hazelnuts, 14 cup mini chocolate chips try a mix of white, semisweet, and milk chocolate], title: Gianduja Bars, picturelink: avMhaaBrOWNZXT0h8uRNFnpdeJHahu}, 47147: {instructions: Make batter: In a blender blend batter ingredients until smooth and transfer to a bowl. Let batter stand, covered, 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees.nPut 2 minimuffin pans each containing twelve 1 34 by 1inch cups on 1 baking sheet and spoon 1 teaspoon oil into each cup. Put the baking sheet in middle of oven 3 minutes to heat oil in cups. Working quickly, pour 2 teaspoons batter into hot oil in each cup and bake in middle of oven 18 minutes, or until pudding shells are golden and puffed. Remove shells from cups with tongs and cool on racks. Repeat procedure with remaining batter. Shells may be made 3 days ahead and chilled, covered, or 1 month ahead and frozen in airtight containers. Bring shells to room temperature and recrisp in a 300 degree oven 10 minutes.nIn a small bowl stir together sour cream, horseradish, and parsley and transfer to a small pastry bag fitted with 18inch plain tip.nFold a few beef slices into each shell and pipe 1 teaspoon horseradish cream onto each pudding. Garnish puddings with parsley., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 1 cup all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 34 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon drained bottled horseradish, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh flatleafed parsley leaves, wash and dry before chopping, 12 pound cooked rare roast beef, sliced 38inch thick and slices cut into 1inch pieces, 36 small fresh flatleafed parsley leaves], title: Individual Yorkshire Puddings with Rare Roast Beef, picturelink: null}, 47148: {instructions: For the court bouillon: Combine the white wine, peppercorns, thyme, bay leaves, dill, serranos, lemons and fennel in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then add 8 cups room temperature water and the shrimp. Put the squid and the scallops in a finemesh strainer and lower them directly into the court bouillon. Gently poach the seafood until cooked through and tender, about 15 minutes. Remove the seafood to a plate, strain the court bouillon into a bowl, and then add the seafood back to the court bouillon. Add a few ice cubes to cool the liquid down. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nFor the seafood salad: In a large mixing bowl, combine the lemon zest and juice, olive oil, oregano and black pepper. Whisk well. With a slotted spoon, remove the chilled seafood from the court bouillon and add it to the bowl along with the cherry tomatoes, olives, pepperoncinis and bell peppers. Toss well.nArrange a bed of arugula on a large serving platter. Mound the seafood salad on top and garnish with the feta and capers. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups dry white wine, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 bay leaves, 4 sprigs fresh dill, 2 serrano chiles, halved, seeded and deveined, 2 lemons, quartered, 1 bulb fresh fennel, cut into 18inch slices, 1 pound mediumlarge shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 pound cleaned squid tubes and tentacles, tubes cut into 14inch circles see Cooks Note, 1 pound large sea scallops, halved, 2 Meyer lemons, juice and zest of, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 12 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, chopped, 12 cup sliced pepperoncini peppers, 2 orange bell peppers, cheeks only, cut into 14inch dice, 4 cups baby arugula, 1 cup crumbled feta, 2 tablespoons capers, drained], title: Mixed Seafood Salad, picturelink: B9rLUQkm529om213ypLkdVTiMe7r6L6}, 47149: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Rinse the game hens and pat them dry. Season the cavities with salt and pepper and place a quarter lemon and a quarter onion in each cavity. Place the birds, breast side up, in a shallow roasting pan. Dot with butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour the white wine into the pan. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until the juices run clear when the hen is pierced in the thickest part of the thigh. Remove from the oven and serve with the pan juices spooned over the hens.nROASTED GAME HENS WITH ASIAN SPICE RUB: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Rinse the game hens and pat them dry. Season the cavities with salt and pepper and place a quarter lemon and a quarter onion in each cavity. In a small bowl, combine the butter, ginger and fivespice powder. Rub the fivespice mixture onto the hens. Place the birds, breast side up, in a shallow roasting pan. Pour the white wine into the pan. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until the juices run clear when the hen is pierced in the thickest part of the thigh. Remove from the oven and serve with the pan juices spooned over the hens. Yield: 6 servingsnROASTED GAME HENS STUFFED UNDER THE SKIN WITH HERBED RICOTTA: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place the ricotta in a fine sieve and drain for 30 minutes. In a medium bowl, combine the drained ricotta, Parmesan, egg yolk, herbs and lemon zest. Put the garlic clove through a garlic press and into the ricotta. Mix well, adding salt and pepper to taste. Rinse the game hens and pat them dry. Season the cavities with salt and pepper and place a quarter lemon and a quarter onion in each cavity. Loosen the skin on the breasts by sliding your fingers under the skin, being careful not to pierce it. Spoon the ricotta mixture under the skin about 4 tablespoons of stuffing per bird. Truss the birds. Place the birds, breast side up, in a shallow roasting pan. Pour the white wine into the pan. Bake for 1 hour, or until the juices run clear when the hen is pierced in the thickest part of the thigh. Remove from the oven and serve with the pan juices spooned over the hens. Yield: 6 servings, ingredients: [1 12 small onions, cut into 6 quarters, 6 Cornish game hens, 6 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper, 12 cup white wine, 1 12 lemons, cut into 6 quarters, 6 Cornish game hens, Salt and pepper, 1 12 lemons, cut into 6 quarters, 1 12 small onions, cut into 6 quarters, 6 tablespoons butter, softened, One 2inch knob fresh ginger, minced, 14 cup Asian fivespice powder, 12 cup white wine, 12 ounces ricotta, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 egg yolk, lightly beaten, 14 cup finely chopped fresh basil, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 12 tablespoons grated lemon zest, 2 small cloves garlic, 6 Cornish game hens, Salt and pepper, 1 12 lemons, cut into 6 quarters, 1 12 small onions, cut into 6 quarters, 12 cup white wine], title: Roasted Game Hens, picturelink: null}, 47150: {instructions: Set aside the herbs from the soup greens peel the vegetables as needed, then chop. Heat the olive oil in a medium pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the chopped vegetables cook, stirring, until softened, 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato juices, 12 teaspoon each cumin, ras el hanout and salt, and a few grinds of pepper. Cook until the liquid is thickened, 2 minutes. Add 2 cups water and the tomatoes. Cover and simmer until the vegetables are tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare the couscous as the label directs set aside.nAdd 12 cup water, the tofu, dried apricots, olives, harissa and the remaining 1 teaspoon cumin and 12 teaspoon ras el hanout to the pot gently stir to combine. Cover and warm through, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.nChop the soup green herbs and add to the pot along with half of the cilantro. Season with salt and more harissa. Serve with the couscous and top with the remaining cilantro.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 1pound package fresh soup greens, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 15ounce can cherry tomatoes, drained juices reserved, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ras el hanout Moroccan seasoning or pumpkin pie spice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup couscous, 1 12 to 14ounce package firm tofu, drained and cut into 12 inch cubes, 13 cup dried apricots, chopped, 13 cup pitted green olives, halved, 1 tablespoon harissa Moroccan chile paste, plus more to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Moroccan Tofu with Couscous, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 47151: {instructions: Mix ingredients in a shaker. Strain and serve over ice. Top with a splash of club soda. Garnish with fresh grapefruit peel., ingredients: [1 ounce of limoncello, 1 ounce of averna, 1 teaspoon of fresh smashed strawberries], title: Regina Rossa, picturelink: InK4lsODpkB3mvcZJAVllFUa47HIslm}, 47152: {instructions: You can cook the spaghetti squash a couple of ways. To save on time, bring a large amount enough to cover the squash of water to a boil. Gently lower in the spaghetti squash and cook for about 30 minutes or until a fork goes easily into the flesh. Remove from the water and let it cool.nOr you can bake the squash. To do so, preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Set the squash on a baking sheet and prick it with a pot fork or slender long knife so the skin doesnt burst. Bake anywhere from 45 minutes to 1 12 hours, depending upon its size. Let cool a bit.nEither way you cook the squash, split it down the middle and remove the seeds. With a fork rub the squash flesh until it separates into spaghettilike strands. To serve it simply, reheat it in olive oil or butter, season with salt and pepper and fold in grated cheese or serve it more as a main course with more ample toppings. Garnish with olives., ingredients: [1 spaghetti squash, Olive oil or butter, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Black pitted slivered olives for garnish, optional], title: Sunday Startup Squash, picturelink: null}, 47153: {instructions: In a large resealable plastic bag, combine marinade mix, peach nectar, and veal chops. Squeeze out air and seal bag. Massage bag to ensure chops are coated. Refrigerate 3 to 6 hours to marinate.nSet up grill for direct cooking over mediumhigh heat. Oil the grill grate when ready to start cooking.nPrepare glaze in a small saucepan over medium heat. Combine jam, bourbon, and cracked peppercorns. Bring to boil, reduce heat to simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from heat set aside.nRemove chops from marinade and let come to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Discard marinade. Grill chops on hot, oiled grill for 4 to 5 minutes. Turn and brush with glaze. Cook an additional 4 to 5 minutes. Turn and glaze for 1 minute. Remove from heat and brush once more with glaze. Serve hot.nINDOOR: Prepare and marinate chops as directed. Remove chops from marinade and discard marinade. Pat chops dry with paper towel. Place on foil line baking sheet or broiling pan and broil 4 to 6 inches from the heat source until well seared on 1 side, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Turn and brush with glaze and return to broiler and cook for 1 minute turn and glaze and cook for 1 minute more for medium. To check for doneness, make a small cut in the thickest part of the meat it should be slightly less done than you like it. Allow the chops to rest for 5 to 10 minutes internal temperature will continue to rise. Brush with more glaze and serve., ingredients: [1 packet 1.12 ounces black peppercorn marinade mix recommended: Durkee Grill Creations, 1 can 11 12 ounces peach nectar recommended: Kerns, 4 12pound veal loin chops, 1 inch thick, 12 cup peach jam recommended: Smuckers, 14 cup bourbon recommended: Jim Beam, 1 tablespoon cracked black peppercorns], title: Peach and Black Pepper Veal Chops, picturelink: UoQ9GLIkntcmLMaC9IRM7yI7VhC1msK}, 47154: {instructions: Cook garlic and red pepper flakes in oil in a deep 12inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until fragrant but not browned, about 2 minutes. Add tomatoes with puree, tomato paste, herbs, capers, olives, and wine and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally and breaking up tomatoes, until sauce is thick, about 15 minutes.nCook linguine in a 6 to 8quart pot of boiling salted water until al dente, then drain in a colander.nWhile pasta cooks, increase heat under sauce to moderately high and add mussels, then cook, covered, until mussels just open wide, checking frequently after 3 minutes and transferring to a bowl. Discard any mussels that remain unopened after 6 minutes.nServe linguine with mussels and sauce and garnish with chives.nCooks Note: Just before cooking, clean mussels by scrubbing them well with a brush under cold water and scraping off any barnacles with a knife. If beard is still attached, remove it by pulling it from tip to hinge or by pulling and cutting it off with knife. The tomato sauce, without mussels, can be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered., ingredients: [12 garlic cloves, minced about 13 cup, 1 12 teaspoons dried hot red pepper flakes, 12 cup olive oil, 1 28ounce can whole tomatoes in puree, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled, 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled, 14 cup drained bottled capers about 1 14 ounces, 12 cup kalamata or other brinecured black olives about 3 ounces, pitted and chopped, 13 cup dry red wine, 12 pound dried sundried tomato linguine, 12 pound squid ink linguine, 3 pounds mussels preferably cultivated, cleaned see Cooks Note, Chives, for garnish], title: Mussels alla Diavola, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 47155: {instructions: HEAT oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a 15 x 10inch jellyroll pan with nostick cooking spray.nCRUST:nCOMBINE flour and salt in medium bowl. Cut in shortening using pastry blender or 2 knives until all flour is blended in to form peasize chunks. Sprinkle with water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Toss lightly with fork until dough forms ball.nROLL out dough between sheets of waxed paper to fit jellyroll pan. Place dough in prepared pan, folding edges under. Flute edges. Prick crust with fork.nFILLING:nSPRINKLE cheese, ham, onions, parsley and pimentos evenly over crust. Beat eggs, cream, halfandhalf, salt and pepper in medium bowl. Pour over filled crust.nBAKE 35 minutes or until set. Cool 5 to 10 minutes. Cut into 2 x 1 12inch pieces., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, CRUST:, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 tsp. salt, 34 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening or 34 stick Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks, 5 tbsps. cold water, FILLING:, 2 cups 8 oz. shredded Swiss cheese, 23 cup chopped ham, crumbled cooked sausage, diced pepperoni or crumbled cooked bacon, 34 cup thinly sliced green onions, including tops, 14 cup snipped fresh parsley, 1 4 oz. jar diced pimentos, well drained, 5 large eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup halfandhalf, 14 tsp. pepper], title: Holiday Appetizer Quiche, picturelink: null}, 47156: {instructions: In a food processor or blender, combine the scallions and chives. Season with salt and pepper. Add water and blend. Pour 5 tablespoons of the olive oil through the top of the food processor in a slow, steady stream. Taste for seasoning.nBring the potatoes to a boil in a pot of water and reduce to a simmer. Season the water with a pinch of salt and add bay leaves. Simmer the potatoes until they are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, about 20 minutes.nIn a bowl large enough to hold the potatoes, whisk together the red wine vinegar, shallots, mustard, capers and tarragon. Whisk in the remaining olive oil. Taste for seasoning. Drain the potatoes of their cooking liquid and discard the bay leaves.nPlace the potatoes in the bowl with the dressing and lightly crush them with the tines of a fork. Season lightly with salt and pepper and toss them in the dressing. Finish by adding the scallion and olive oil mixture. Stir to blend. Keep warm at room temperature until serving., ingredients: [7 to 8 scallions, washed, dried and cut into slices green and white parts, 1 small bunch chives, sliced, Kosher salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons water, 8 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds red bliss potatoes, washed, 3 bay leaves, 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 shallots, peeled, quartered lengthwise, sliced thin, 2 tablespoons smooth Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped capers, 1 teaspoon caper liquid, 1 small bunch tarragon, stemmed and leaves finely chopped], title: Green Potato Salad, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 47157: {instructions: Preheat grill or grill pan over medium high heat.nPlace shrimp in shallow dish and season with salt, lemon juice and a liberal drizzle on extravirgin olive oil, just enough to coat the shrimp. Skewer 4 shrimp alternating with 4 slices of chorizo on each skewer.nPlace 2 tablespoons, a palm full, of parsley on the cutting board with the lemon zest. Add 12 palm full of cilantro leaves to the pile as well as 1 clove of garlic. Finely chop this mixture and reserve for sprinkling over shrimp and gazpacho.nPlace remaining herbs and garlic in the food processor or a large blender with peppers, tomatoes, chopped vegetables, bread and hot sauce and process until smooth.nGrill shrimp and chorizo 3 to 4 minutes on each side until shrimp is firm and opaque. Serve small bowls of gazpacho with shrimp skewers resting across the top of the bowls for dipping and dunking. Garnish with reserved parsley, cilantro and garlic mixture., ingredients: [16 extra large, 6 to 8 count, peeled and deveined shrimp, Coarse salt, 1 lemon, zested and 12 lemon, juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling, 1 package 34pound chorizo cut into 16 thick slices on an angle recommended: Gaspars, 1 generous handful flatleaf parsley, 1 generous handful cilantro leaves, 2 cloves garlic, cracked from skin, 1 jar piquillo, Spanish roasted peppers  available in most markets, roasted red peppers may be substituted, about 1 cup packed, drained, 1 can 28ounces fireroasted tomatoes, diced or crushed, 1 small yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 12 seedless cucumber, peeled, chopped, 2 ribs celery from heart, chopped, 2 thick slices crusty bread, chopped, 1 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco for medium to spicy heat level, adjust to your own taste], title: Grilled Shrimp and Chorizo Skewers with Piquillo Gazpacho, picturelink: IUXvC3PnS8niRwIPT..zvYnYwXKES}, 47158: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nButterfly the steak by slicing lengthwise and opening it up like a book. Pound the meat gently with a mallet to flatten and even out the thickness rub all sides with olive oil and generously season with salt and pepper.nWith the steak lying lengthwise, scatter the spinach leaves evenly over the surface of the meat, leaving a 1inch border all around. Arrange the carrots in long rows across the steak, about 2 inches apart. Put the egg strips and olives between the carrot rows. Scatter the onion rings and cheese over the filling, sprinkle with salt and red pepper flakes. Carefully roll the meat up over the filling, from bottom to top, into a long thick cylinder jellyrollstyle. Tie with butchers twine to hold it together, as you would a roast.nCoat a large Dutch oven or pan with olive oil and put over moderate heat. Lay the stuffed steak in the hot oil and sear until browned on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Pour in the wine and enough water to come up almost to the top of the meat. Toss in the head of garlic, onion, and herbs to flavor the broth. Cover, and slowly simmer on mediumlow heat until the meat is forktender, about 1 12 hours, turning the meat over once halfway through cooking. Taste the broth before serving and adjust spices, if necessary.nTransfer the matambre to a cutting board and let rest for 15 minutes. Remove the kitchen strings and cut crosswise into 1inch slices u00bf the colors of the filling will look absolutely gorgeous spiraled in the steak. Spoon some of the sauce over the meat and serve. Matambre is good hot, room temperature, or cold., ingredients: [1 2 12 pound flank steak, trimmed, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 pound fresh spinach, washed and drained, stems trimmed, 4 small thin carrots, 4 large hard boiled eggs, peeled and quartered lengthwise, 1 cup large pitted green Spanish olives, halved lengthwise, 1 large onion, sliced into rings, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 750 ml bottle dry red wine recommended: Argentine Malbec, 1 head garlic, halved, 1 large onion, halved, 1 handful fresh thyme sprigs, 1 handful fresh oregano sprigs, 2 bay leaves], title: Argentine Stuffed Flank Steak: Matambre, picturelink: p5oZxBE6QDushmEgpxc4hhgjGZ.idee}, 47159: {instructions: In a small saucepan over low heat, melt the 4 ounces chocolate. Once melted, stir together with the praline paste. Add the feuilletine, mix well, and spoon dollops onto parchment paper. Once they are set, dip in the 8 ounces melted chocolate., ingredients: [4 ounces chopped dark chocolate, 10 ounces praline paste, 4 ounces feuilletine flakes, or crushed ice cream sugar cones, 8 ounces dark chocolate, melted], title: Chocolate Feuilletine Dipped in Dark Chocolate, picturelink: OgMBCF1BS6NVHVII..rPMVl8raEG3k.}, 47160: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cupcake pan with 12 liners.nHeat the milk in the microwave for 1 minute, stir and then add 30 more seconds. Place the tea bags in the milk and allow steeping for 5 minutes.nSift together the flour, baking soda and salt. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the granulated sugar, oil, vanilla and the eggs, 1 at a time. Alternate adding the flour and only 12 cup of the tea until incorporated. Reserve 12 cup of the tea for the frosting.nFill the cupcake liners and bake for 15 minutes. Rotate the pan and continue until the cupcake tops spring back and a tester comes out clean, about 5 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before frosting.nFor the frosting: Cream the butter in the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the lemon zest. Slowly alternate adding the confectioners sugar and 12 cup reserved tea until you reach the desired frosting consistency.nFrost the cooled cupcakes and serve.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [34 cup whole milk, 10 black tea bags, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup canola oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, Zest of 1 lemon, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Sweet Tea Cupcakes with Lemon Sweet Tea Frosting, picturelink: THI0mW.OCBsVRpELxvVqqi0CspioB2}, 47161: {instructions: For the Grilled Watermelon: In a saucepan, add rice wine vinegar, ginger, lemongrass and sugar, and bring to a boil. Turn it off and let it cool down. Marinate watermelon in this syrup for 2 hours. You must rotate the watermelon every half an hour so all sides get equally marinated. In a hot grill sear each slice of watermelon for 2 minutes on both sides. Remove from grill, take the skin off, cut in large dice and set aside.nFor the Dressing: In a saute pan on low heat, add 1 tablespoon of oil and slowly caramelize the shallots. In a small bowl dissolve the wasabi powder in the water to create a thick paste. Add all the ingredients except the canola oil into a blender and mix until smooth. With the blender running, add the canola oil in a steady stream to create an emulsion. Store in refrigerator up to 3 days.nFor the Tuna and assembly:nSeason the tuna portions with togarashi, salt and ground pepper. Sear the tuna in canola oil on all sides and cut each into 5 even slices, set aside. Meanwhile, place the mesclun in a mixing bowl and season with salt and pepper. Add daikon sprouts, jicama, wasabi peas and Lemon Wasabi Dressing, and toss it. Slice 16 thin avocado slices. Distribute the salad in equal amounts on 4 serving plates. Top with each 4 avocado slices, and arrange slices of tuna on top. Garnish the plate with the diced watermelon around the salad., ingredients: [4 ounces rice wine vinegar, 12 tablespoon chopped ginger, 12 stalk lemongrass, smashed and chopped, 2 tablespoons sugar, 20 ounces seedless watermelon, skin on, sliced 34inch thick, use center wheel of the watermelon, 1 tablespoon oil, 12 tablespoon sliced shallot, 1 12 teaspoons wasabi powder, 1 tablespoon water, 1ounce soy sauce, 1ounce lemon juice, 12 tablespoon mirin, 1ounce rice vinegar, 12 tablespoon white vinegar, 12 teaspoon yuzu juice, 1ounce sugar, 2 12 ounces canola oil, 12 ounces fresh ahi tuna, sashimi quality, 4 3ounce portions, 2 teaspoons togarashi, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 4 cups mesclun greens, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 12 cup daikon sprouts, 34 cup medium diced jicama, 4 tablespoons coarsely chopped wasabi peas, 12 cup Lemon Wasabi Dressing, 1 avocado, pitted and skin removed, 1 12 cups diced Grilled Watermelon], title: Tuna Tataki Salad, picturelink: MQopBjB..6lndwcN0EOfVAo6Rq7bRZm}, 47162: {instructions: Pulse 1 stick softened butter in a food processor with 13 cup chopped chives, 3 tablespoons horseradish, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon lemon zest until smooth. Scrape the butter onto plastic wrap or parchment, wrap and shape into a log. Chill until firm. Slice and serve over grilled steak.nTIP: Try making other flavored butters with odds and ends from your fridge: capers, pickles, olives or even hot sauce.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Horseradish Butter, picturelink: RJz1k4.fiYf9QKJVC0BCscQZOvgTfC}, 47163: {instructions: Mound the flour in a large mixing bowl. Combine the salt and 1 teaspoon of sugar and place them at 1 edge of the bowl. Put the yeast on the other side. Do not mix the yeast and the salt yet the salt will soak up the moisture in the yeast, killing it. Stir first the eggs, and then the beer into the flour. Mix in 3 12 tablespoons water, incorporating the sugar, salt and yeast as you go and working until the batter is smooth. Cover the batter with plastic and set it aside in the refrigerator to relax for at least 1 hour.nWhip the egg whites until they hold soft peaks. Fold the whipped whites into the batter this makes for lighter beignet.nHeat about 2inches of oil in a deep pot over mediumhigh heat until the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nSlice the apple into 8 12inch thick slices. Mix the remaining 1 teaspoon of sugar with the cinnamon. Dust the apple slices with cinnamonsugar. Working in batches of 2 or 3, dip slices of apple into the batter then carefully drop the beignet into the hot oil. Fry the beignet until crisp and uniformly golden brown, about 4 minutes per side then drain on a plate lined with paper towels. Allow the beignet to cool for a few minutes then sprinkle with confectioners sugar and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, plus 1 teaspoon, 2 teaspoons active dry yeast, 2 eggs, 3 12 ounces blonde beer, 3 12 tablespoons water, 2 egg whites, 1 Granny Smith or other tart firm apple, peeled and cored, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Vegetable oil, for frying, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Beignet Doughnut, picturelink: null}, 47164: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPrick potatoes with a fork and on a baking sheet bake in middle of oven 1 12 hours, or until very soft. Scoop potato flesh into a bowl.nIn a food processor puree potatoes with remaining ingredients, adding up to 14 cup water to reach desired consistency.nServe dip with chips or crudites [carrot, celery and cherry tomatoes].n[carrots, celery and cherry tomatoes]., ingredients: [6 sweet potatoes about 2 34 pounds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 scallions, chopped fine, 12 cup chopped drained bottled roasted pimiento peppers, 13 cup packed fresh cilantro sprigs, washed well, spun dry and chopped fine, 2 vineripened tomatoes, seeded and chopped fine, 1 large garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste, 12 fresh jalapeno chili, seeded and chopped fine wear rubber gloves], title: Sweet Potato Dip, picturelink: null}, 47165: {instructions: Peel the skin off of the lemons with a vegetable peeler, being careful not to get any of the bitter pith. Chop the peels into the size of large sesame seeds. You should have about 2 tablespoons.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring 1 cup water, sugar and lemon peel to a boil until the sugar is dissolved and the liquid is clear. Remove from the heat, stir in 12 cup water, fresh lemon juice and salt this will help bring the temperature of the liquid down. Chill completely in the refrigerator, 2 hours.nFreeze the mixture in an ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.nCooks Note: It is very important to the flavor that you freshly squeeze the lemon juice for this recipe storebought lemon juice often has an extremely metallic taste., ingredients: [2 lemons, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 12 cups fresh lemon juice from about 9 lemons, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: DelsStyle Frozen Lemonade, picturelink: xJIUa95pMiEAnvxoTLEbsueRqIXiay6}, 47166: {instructions: Remove the giblets from the goose. Coat the giblets in the seasoned flour and pat off the excess flour. Heat a sauteir and add goose fat, carrot and onion. Brown the ingredients and add parsley stems and the water.nBoil, reduce temperature to a simmer and reduce the liquid to 1 12 cups., ingredients: [Giblets from goose, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, Stems from one bunch of parsley, 2 12 cups water, Seasoned flour], title: Goose Stock, picturelink: null}, 47167: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nCut backs, collarbones and wing tips from chickens and reserve.nIn a bowl combine oil, garlic, marjoram, and lemon zest. Place chicken in marinade and marinate for up to 12 hours.nIn a hot skillet Chef heats oil and places chicken skin side down. Wrap a brick or weight in foil and place on top of each piece of chicken. Reduce heat and brown chicken slowly. When skin is evenly browned, turn chicken over, pour off fat, and replace brick on top of chicken. Place skillet in oven for about 20 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees.nAdd oil and butter to a hot casserole. Sweat carrots, onions, and celery and cook until soft, but without color. Remove from heat and add marjoram and thyme. In a bowl combine focaccia, vegetables, hot stock, cider, and chestnuts. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Mix well. Place in covered baking dish and bake for 30 minutes.nYield: 8 servingsnHeat a casserole and add olive oil. Adds bones and begin browning. Reduce heat to avoid burning. Continue to brown for about 20 minutes. Add garlic and shallots and roast for 10 minutes. Pour off fat and add wine and port. Reduce to near dry. Add stocks and reduce tondesired consistency. Strain through a sieve. Finish with oil and butter. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nAssembly: Plate chicken with Chestnut stuffing, Chicken jus, polenta cakes, and Sauteed Swiss Chard, ingredients: [2 3 pound chickens, 4 tablespoons oil, 2 cloves garlic, mashed, 2 tablespoons marjoram, chopped, Zest of 2 lemons, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 ounces oil, 2 ounces butter, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced onions, 1 cup diced celery, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh marjoram, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 quarts stale focaccia, cut into 1inch cubes, 4 ounces chicken stock, 4 ounces cider, 1 pound roasted, peeled, and cleaned chestnuts cut into quarters, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 ounces olive oil, Bones from chicken, 8 cloves garlic, 1 cup shallots, roughly chopped, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup port wine, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 quart veal stock, 2 ounces butter, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Brick Roasted Chicken with Chestnut Stuffing and Chicken Jus, picturelink: null}, 47168: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in an 8inch castiron or ovensafe nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and heat until warm. Add the steak, roasted red peppers and asparagus and heat until warmed through, 1 to 2 minutes, mixing the ingredients in the skillet until evenly distributed.nWhisk together the milk and eggs in a medium bowl to combine and add some salt and pepper.nPour the egg mixture into the skillet and top with the cheese. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the frittata is puffed and the eggs are cooked through, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup leftover sauteed sliced onions, 4 ounces leftover cooked steak, cut into bitesize pieces, 14 cup roasted red pepper strips, 3 to 4 stalks leftover cooked asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 tablespoons milk, 5 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup shredded cheese, such as sharp Cheddar, fontina, Gruyere or Monterey Jack], title: Kitchen Sink Frittata, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 47169: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper.nMix the blueberries, the 12 cup of sugar, the flour, lemon zest, lemon juice, and cassis in a large bowl. Carefully ease one pie crust into a 9inch pie plate, making sure not to stretch the dough at all, or it will shrink as the pie bakes. With a sharp knife, cut the excess dough off at the edge of the pie plate. Spoon the blueberry mixture into the pie shell, scraping the bowl with a rubber spatula to be sure you have all the juices.nBrush the edge of the crust with the egg wash. Carefully lay the second crust on top, again easing  not stretching  it onto the pie. Cut the excess dough off at the edge of the pie plate. Press the two edges together with a dinner fork. Brush the top crust with the eggs wash, cut three slits for steam to escape, and sprinkle with sugar.nPlace the pie on the prepared sheet pan and bake in the middle of the oven for 45 to 50 minutes, until the filling is very bubbly and the crust is nicely browned. Allow to cool and serve warm or at room temperature.nCut the butter in 12inch dice and return it to the refrigerator while you prepare the flour mixture. Place the flour, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse a few times to mix. Add the butter and shortening. Pulse 8 to 12 times, until the butter is the size of peas. With the machine running, pour the ice water down the feed tube and pulse the machine until the dough begins to form a ball. Dump out onto a floured board and roll into a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nCut the dough in half. Roll each piece on a wellfloured board into a circle at least 1 inch larger than the pie pan, rolling from the center to the edge, turning and flouring the dough so it doesnt stick to the board. You should see bits of butter in the dough. Fold the dough in half, ease it into the pie pan without stretching at all, and unfold to fit the pan. With a small sharp paring knife, cut the dough 1 inch larger around than the pan. Fold the edge under and crimp the edge with either your fingers or the tines of a fork.nBarefoot Contessa Foolproof by Ina Garten c Clarkson Potter 2012. Provided courtesy of Ina Garten. All rights reserved., ingredients: [4 cups fresh blueberries, washed and dried, 12 cup sugar, plus extra for sprinkling, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon cassis liqueur, 2 Perfect Pie Crusts, recipe follows, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon milk or cream, for egg wash, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks very cold unsalted butter, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup very cold vegetable shortening, such as Crisco, 12 cup ice water], title: Fresh Blueberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 47170: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F.nRemove the gills and stems from the underside of the mushrooms and trim the edges off. Slice into 14inch strips.nMeasure flour into a pie plate. In another pie plate or bowl, combine panko, Parmigiano, parsley, red pepper flakes and salt and pepper.nDredge the mushrooms in flour, followed by the egg wash and finally in the panko.nWorking in batches, place the breaded mushroom slices in the hot oil and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, until golden brown. Drain on a paper towel lined sheet tray., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 5 large portobello mushrooms, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 14 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, lightly beaten], title: Portobello Mushroom Fries, picturelink: HtZQNT8MFgVuVHgEZhzjcApbko3tkdy}, 47171: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a pan with a few inches water over medium heat. Bring to a boil, season with salt, to taste, and add the bitter greens. Cook for a few minutes, then drain and reserve.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat and add the andouille. Brown the crumbles or the chopped cooked sausage, then add the onions and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the stock and add the bitter greens. Heat through for a few minutes, then douse with vinegar, and season with sugar, salt, pepper and nutmeg, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 pound spicy, bitter greens such as mustard or dandelion greens, Salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 to 1 pound andouille sausage, chopped or crumbled, parcooked or fresh, 1 medium onion, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons cider or wine vinegar, Sprinkle sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nutmeg, freshly grated], title: Greens and Andouille, picturelink: Vw7ZGo.0jIFoEXqFJmU81LIyizTUcG2}, 47172: {instructions: To make tempered chocolate, chop the chocolate into pieces and place 34 of it in a small glass bowl in a microwave for 20 seconds exactly. Stir the chocolate and continue to microwave for 20 seconds at a time, stirring in between, until the chocolate is smooth and shiny. Add the remaining 14 of the chocolate and stir until smooth. The chocolate should register 87 to 89 degrees F on a candy thermometer.nDip the fruit and cashews half way in the melted chocolate, shake off any excess and set on a sheet pan covered with parchment paper. Refrigerate for 3 minutes to set., ingredients: [500 grams 17 ounces semisweet chocolate, Glace apricots, Glace orange peel, Cashews], title: Dipping Fruits and Nuts, picturelink: null}, 47173: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLay out the bacon on a small pan and bake until crispy, about 15 minutes.nToss the sourdough cubes with the grapeseed oil and some salt and pepper. Transfer to a baking sheet bake until crispy, 5 to 10 minutes.nSplit the romaine heart and remove the core. Wash, dry and lay on a plate. Season with salt and pepper.nPour the dressing over the romaine wedges. Top with the crispy bacon, Parmesan and a few croutons., ingredients: [2 ounces bacon, diced, 2 slices sourdough bread, cubed, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 romaine lettuce heart, 1 12 ounces Caesar dressing, 12 ounce shaved Parmesan], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: Uqx4krcDBrsqoFGECb7b6y3JplXbKfa}, 47174: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.nTo make the caramel, heat the sugar in a medium sized skillet over medium heat. When the sugar begins to melt, reduce the heat to low and continue cooking until the sugar has melted and browned. Spoon or pour the caramel over the bottom of a 3 quart oval baking dish and tilt the dish so that caramel spreads evenly around the sides. The caramel hardens as it cools, so work quickly. In a bowl whip the eggs gently until smooth and then add the condensed milk, fresh milk, vanilla, almond extract, salt and Amaretto, and whisk until smooth. Strain the mixture through a sieve in the caramelcoated baking dish. Set the mold in a larger pan of warm water. The water must reach half the depth of the mold. Cover the flan loosely with foil to prevent it from overbrowning.nBake for 1 12 hours until the center feels just firm when pressed. Remove from the water bath and allow to cool. Chill in the refrigerator until serving.nUnmold by placing a large decorative platter over the mold, and using both hands, flip the mold over onto the platter. Remove the mold and decorate the flan with orange sections and strawberries., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 2 cans condensed milk, Equal amount fresh milk pour into empty condensed milk can to measure, 8 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon Amaretto or almond liqueur, 6 to 8 oranges, peeled and cut into sections, 3 to 4 pints strawberries, stems left on, if desired], title: Flan Especial, picturelink: null}, 47175: {instructions: In a medium bowl, sprinkle the chicken with salt, ground white pepper and the oyster sauce. Add 2 tablespoons cornstarch, toss to coat and set aside.nHeat a wok over high heat and add the vegetable oil. Throw in the garlic and ginger and stirfry for less than 1 minute. Add the chicken breast and stirfry until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. As the chicken begins to brown, add the rice wine. Sprinkle with the crushed dried red chiles and Chinese fivespice powder. Add the carrots, white parts of the bok choy and shiitake mushrooms and stirfry for 1 minute. Add the water chestnuts, bok choy leaves, chicken stock, dark soy and light soy sauces and bring to a boil. Stir well and allow the sauce to thicken for a minute. Garnish with the chopped scallions and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 chicken breasts equaling 1 pound total, cut into 1 12inch cubes, Sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed and minced, 1 tablespoon peeled and grated ginger, 2 tablespoons Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 12 teaspoon crushed dried red Sichuan chiles or chile flakes, more if desired, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 large carrot, peeled and sliced very thinly on an angle, 2 small bok choy, cut in half, core removed, white part sliced and leaves left whole, 8 ounces shiitake or assorted wild mushrooms, sliced, One 8ounce can drained water chestnuts, sliced, 34 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce, 1 to 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 scallions, finely chopped], title: Posh Chopped Suey Fragrant Chicken and Mushroom StirFry, picturelink: null}, 47176: {instructions: In a large bowl mix the yeast and warm water and allow to sit for 5 minutes. Whisk in the whole milk and melted butter. Add the allpurpose flour, buckwheat flour, and salt, and mix well. Cover and let the mixture to rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nWhen the dough has risen and doubled in size add the buttermilk and fold in the whipped egg whites until well mixed.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat and coat with the cooking spray before beginning to make the pancakes. Add tablespoons of batter to the skillet, forming 1inch diameter pancakes or larger, if you like and cook until golden brown on 1 side then flip them over and do the same on the other side. Remove from pan allow to cool on a platter. Repeat with remaining batter. Top with creme fraiche and caviar and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon dry yeast, 14 cup warm water, 1 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups buckwheat flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup buttermilk, 2 egg whites, whipped to stiff peaks, Cooking spray, Creme fraiche, for serving, 18 cup caviar or fish roe, plus more if desired], title: Wedding Barbie  Blini with Caviar, picturelink: null}, 47177: {instructions: Spiced Pecans:nIn a small bowl combine the paprika, ground coriander, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper. Set aside.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat add the sugar and cook until all of the sugar is melted and light brown in color. Carefully whisk in the butter. Add the spice mix and turn off the heat. Add the pecans and stir with a rubber spatula until all of the pecans are completely coated. Spray with nonstick cooking spray which will help the pecans separate. Once all of the pecans are coated turn out onto a greased sheet tray or a sheet tray lined with a silicone mat. Break up any pieces that may be stuck together. Let cool 5 minutes before serving with the salad.nIn a medium bowl whisk together the goat cheese and buttermilk. Whisk in the remaining dressing ingredients until combined and smooth. Set aside.nHeat the canola oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and fry until crispy and light brown, about 5 minutes. Remove to a plate lined with a paper towel to drain.nAdd the greens to a large bowl. Drizzle with 34 of the dressing, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to coat the greens. Transfer the salad to a platter and garnish with candied pecans, sliced grapes, and fried shallots. Drizzle with remaining dressing and serve., ingredients: [12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup pecans, Nonstick cooking spray, 4 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 teaspoon white pepper, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 12 cup canola oil, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 8 cups spring greens mix, Goat Cheese Dressing, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped candied pecans, 1 12 cups red grapes, sliced in 12], title: Spring Salad with Creamy Goat Cheese Dressing, picturelink: vnUsJ5NzPATwBN5LKtN0569TuWjCu}, 47178: {instructions: Cherry filling:nIn large saucepan, combine cherries, sugar, and cinnamon. Bring to a boil over mediumlow heat for 30 to 60 minutes. Strain cherries from juice and set aside. Discard excess liquid.nCheese filling:nCombine all ingredients in a large mixing bowl until well mixed. Set aside.nDough:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. On waxed paper, spread out a few sheets of phyllo dough and brush with melted butter. Top the dough with a thin coating of the cheese filling and then with the cherry filling. Top with bread crumbs and nuts. Cover with another couple sheets of phyllo dough and repeat topping steps. Repeat to create 3 to 4 layers of dough and topping and then roll up like a strudel and place on a cookie sheet. Brush a thin coat of melted butter on top and bake for 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool before serving., ingredients: [3 pounds sour cherries, stemmed and pitted, 3 cups sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 pounds ricotta cheese, 12 cup sugar granulated or brown, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 egg whites, 1 package phyllo dough, 2 cups unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, 1 cup walnuts or pecans, chopped], title: Sour Cherry Strudel, picturelink: null}, 47179: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Separate dough into 8 triangles.nPlace tablespoon of chocolate chips on wide end of each triangle. Roll up, starting at shortest side of triangle, rolling to opposite point. Place on ungreased cookie sheet.nBake at 350 degrees F. for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Sprinkle with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls, 12 cup minichocolate chips, Powdered sugar, if desired], title: ChocolateFilled Crescents, picturelink: a4JaOIHmJ9nHBswlEa0TEAHvo0oWje}, 47180: {instructions: Press a cupcake into a flowerpot. Insert the flower cookie stick in the center and decorate the cupcake with 2 green MMSu00ae Brand Peanut Chocolate Candies.nWhat to Do For Cookie Flowers:n1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line cookie sheet pans with parchment paper.n2. Knead the flour into the dough, and roll it out to a 14inch thickness. Using the printable template, cut out 12 cookies, rerolling the scraps. Transfer cookies to cookie sheet and slip lollipop stick underneath each one.n3. Bake for approximately 1215 minutes, or until golden. Remove from the oven, transfer to wire rack and let cool completely.n4. Beat the confectioners sugar, egg white powder and water until fluffy. Spoon 12 cup of the frosting in a resealable plastic bag with a small corner snipped. Set aside. Divide the remaining frosting into 3 cups and tint one yellow, one orange and one red. Spread cookies with frosting.n5. Pipe a small circle of white frosting in the center of each cookie and decorate with MMSu00ae Brand Peanut Chocolate Candies using the photograph as guide. Set aside.nWhat to Do For Cupcakes:n6. Meanwhile, line the cupcake pans with paper cupcake liners. Set pans aside. Prepare the cake mix according to package instructions. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared cupcake pans. Bake for approximately 1921 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Remove from the oven, transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely. Spread the top of the cupcake with the chocolate frosting.n7. Press a nugget of floral clay into the bottom of each flower pot. Press a cupcake into a flowerpot. Insert the flower cookie stick in the center. anchoring it in the clay for support. Decorate the cupcake with 2 green MMSu00ae Brand Peanut Chocolate Candies.nTIP: You can also make jumbo cupcakes as well as miniature cupcakes for a varitey of plant sizes., ingredients: [1 tube 16.5 oz. refrigerated cookie dough, 12 cup flour, 1 box confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons egg white powder, 6 tablespoons water, Yellow, orange and red food coloring, 12 cup MMSu00ae Brand MINISu00ae, 14 cup MMSu00ae Brand Peanut Chocolate Candies, 1 box 18.25 oz. chocolate cake mix, 1 can 16 oz. chocolate frosting, Other supplies:, Printable template or your favorite flower cookie cutter, 24 6inch lollipop sticks, 2 cookie sheet pans, 1 resealable plastic bags, 2 12cup cupcake pans, 24 paper cupcake liners, 12 3 12inch decorated terra cotta flower pots, Floral clay], title: Cupcake Garden, picturelink: null}, 47181: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a shallow dish, combine grill seasoning, dark soy, a tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon of the hot pepper flakes, half of the chopped garlic, sesame oil, scallions and a drizzle of vegetable oil. Coat the flank steak in the mixture and let it stand 10 minutes.nPreheat indoor electric grill, stove top grill pan or outdoor grill to medium high. When the grill pan or grill is screaming hot, add meat and cook 5 minutes on each side for medium rare, 7 to 8 minutes on each side for medium well doneness.nHeat a large skillet over high heat. Add 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, cabbage and peppers. Season with salt and stir fry 2 or 3 minutes. Add a drizzle of honey, about 1 tablespoon, hot pepper flakes and garlic and toss to combine with cabbage. Add sauerkraut and mix in, heating it through 1 minute. Turn off heat.nTo serve, let meat rest 5 minutes for juices to redistribute. Thinly slice the meat on a heavy angle against the grain the lines in the meat. Pile the slaw up and top with sliced Korean steak and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grill seasoning blend recommended brand McCormick Montreal Steak Seasoning, 14 cup Tamari dark soy, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 teaspoons hot red pepper flakes, divided, 4 large cloves garlic, chopped, divided, 2 teaspoons toasted dark sesame oil, eyeball it, 2 scallions, finely chopped, Vegetable oil, for drizzling plus, 2 tablespoons, twice around the pan, 2 pounds flank steak, 1 pound bok choy or Napa cabbage, trimmed and shredded with a knife, 12 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 cup sauerkraut it will taste like kim chee when combined with hot pepper flakes], title: Korean Barbecued Flank Steak on Hot and Sour Slaw Salad, picturelink: Ps2QnOlAHEuGAiOkGQWJ6PoyzhCSfuK}, 47182: {instructions: In a blender or food processor blend all ingredients and salt, to taste, until smooth, adding up to 2 tablespoons additional water, if necessary, to thin to desired consistency. Dressing keeps, covered and chilled, for 1 week. Serve dressing with crisp lettuce, sliced tomatoes, or seafood salad.nEach tablespoon about 12 calories and 0.3 grams fat 22 percent of calories from fat, ingredients: [13 cup lowfat mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons minced red bell pepper, 1 tablespoon minced onion, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish, Pinch cayenne pepper, 14 cup water, Salt], title: Low Fat Thousand Island Dressing, picturelink: null}, 47183: {instructions: Cut pasta into funny shapes and set aside.nBring 6 quarts water to boil and add 2 tablespoons salt.nIn a 12 to 14inch saute pan, heat olive oil and shallots over medium heat and cook until shallots are soft, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add beans and red wine and reduce liquid by half. Add Parmesan and remove from heat. Drop pasta into boiling water and cook until tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and toss into pan with beans. Return to heat and toss to coat. At last minute, add arugula, toss 20 seconds, pour into serving bowl and serve.nMake a mound of the flour in the center of a large wooden cutting board. Make a well in the middle of the flour and add the eggs, oil and any other flavoring you choose. Using a fork, beat together the eggs, oil and flavorings and begin to incorporate the flour starting with the inner rim of the well. As you expand the well, keep pushing the flour up to retain the well shape. Do not worry that this initial phase looks messy. The dough will come together when 12 of the flour is incorporated.nStart kneading the dough with both hands, using the palms of your hands primarily. Once you have a cohesive mass, remove the dough from the board and scrape up any left over crusty bits. Lightly flour the board and continue kneading for 3 more minutes. The dough should be elastic and a little sticky. Continue to knead for another 3 minutes, remembering to dust your board when necessary. Wrap the dough in plastic and allow to rest for 30 minutes at room temperature., ingredients: [1 recipe fresh pasta, rolled to thinnest setting on the machine, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 10 shallots, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 cup cooked borlotti, or pinto beans, drained, 1 cup dry red wine, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 bunches arugula, washed and spun dry and chopped to yield 1 cup, 3 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour plus 12 cup, 4 extra large eggs, 12 teaspoon olive oil], title: Maltagliate with Borlotti, Shallots and Arugula, picturelink: null}, 47184: {instructions: In a blender, combine 2 tablespoons of chipotle with 1 cup yogurt. If you want to blend in an entire can you will need to increase yogurt to 4 cups. Sauce is spicy unless you reduce amount of pepper for a milder sauce, ingredients: [1 small can of chipotle in adobo, 1 cup plain yogurt], title: Yogurt and Chipotle Sauce, picturelink: null}, 47185: {instructions: Slice the plantains 34 inch thick on the diagonal. Heat 1 12 tablespoons each butter and vegetable oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, cook the plantains until golden, about 5 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels, reserving the skillet.nPut the flour in a shallow dish. Whisk the milk, egg, allspice and cayenne in another dish. Lightly crush the fried onions into a third dish. Dredge the plantains in the flour, dip in the milk mixture, then press into the fried onions, turning to coat.nHeat the remaining 1 12 tablespoons each butter and vegetable oil in the reserved skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, fry the plantains until golden and crisp, about 1 minute per side. Drain on paper towels. Serve with the hot sauce.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [2 large extraripe plantains, peeled, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup milk, 1 large egg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 12 cups fried onions one 6ounce can, Hot sauce, for serving], title: OnionCrusted Plantains, picturelink: 6sqymbDpjGdkhg3FNMPquyEpBf5l7zy}, 47186: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and saute, about 1 minute. Add escarole, vinegar and sugar, cover and steam 1 minute, until escarole wilts. Season to taste with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [2 teaspoons hot chili oil, 2 shallots, chopped, 6 cups chopped escarole, about 1 large bunch, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Escarole with Shallots and Hot Chili Oil, picturelink: fUdduDvJ9yddrsxyku9E7BRBbBHWrm}, 47187: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the flour and salt and pepper, to taste. Add the rabbit, coating it well with the seasoned flour. Heat a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat and add 4 tablespoons of butter. Remove the rabbit from flour, tapping off the excess and add to preheated pan. Saute the rabbit until browned. After browning, pour in 2 cups of port and deglaze the pan. Remove rabbit to a plate and set aside. Add the stock, remaining butter, thyme, garlic, bay leaves, onion, carrots, celery, sweet potatoes, and rosemary. Reduce the heat to medium, cover and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally. Deglaze with remaining 1 cup of port, and then add tomatoes. Return the cooked rabbit to the pan along with a generous pinch of nutmeg. Simmer until the desired stew thickness is reached, about 10 to 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds rabbit tenderloin, cut into 1 to 1 12inch cubes, 8 tablespoons butter, divided, 3 cups port or red wine, divided, 4 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 12 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 bay leaves, 1 large onion, halved and quartered, 4 carrots, peeled and cut in 12 inch semicircles, 4 celery ribs, cut in 12inch lengths, 1 12 pounds sweet potatoes, diced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary leaves, 1 cup diced tomatoes, Generous pinch ground nutmeg], title: Rabbit Stew, picturelink: null}, 47188: {instructions: Burger Buns:nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine cookie mix, eggs, oil, and water and mix well. Stir in peanut butter chips. Shape into 1 12inch balls and place 2 inches apart on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake for 13 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on baking rack.nBurger Topping:nCombine coconut and food coloring to make lettuce for burgers.nBurger Filling:nIn a mixing bowl, cream butter. Add sugar, cocoa, milk, and vanilla. Beat until smooth. Frost bottom of half of the cookie bun and sprinkle with coconut lettuce topping. Top burger with other half of cookie and gently squeeze the burger together. Let cool.nPeanutty Fries:nIn a double boiler, melt chips with milk. Stir until smooth. Line 9inch baking pan with foil. Grease and pour into pan. Spread smooth and let cool. Flip over and remove foil. Let cool until dry. Cut into strips with knife or pizza cutter. Add red gel ketchup to fries.nServe burgers with fries and garnish with Peanut Butter Bumble Bees.nIn a mixing bowl, cream peanut butter, butter, and sugar. Add cracker crumbs. Shape teaspoons of dough into small ovals and place on waxed paper. Melt the chocolate over medium heat and place in a ziplock bag. Cut small hole in a corner of the bag and pipe 3 stripes over each bee. Insert 2 slices of almond for wings. Use a toothpick to poke holes for eyes., ingredients: [1 package sugar cookie mix recommended: Betty Crocker brand, 2 eggs, 13 cup peanut oil, 1 teaspoon water, 1 10ounce package peanut butter chips, chopped, I cup coconut, 8 to 10 drops green food coloring, 12 cup butter, softened, 2 23 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup baking cocoa, 14 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 10ounce package peanut butter chips, chopped, I cup sweetened condensed milk, 1 small tube of red decorating gel, Peanut Butter Bumble Bees, recipe follows, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 tablespoons butter, softened, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 34 cup graham cracker crumbs, 1 ounce semisweet chocolate, 13 cup sliced almonds], title: A Peanut Picnic, picturelink: null}, 47189: {instructions: Combine the warm water and yeast in a large bowl and stir with a fork to dissolve the yeast. Let stand for 3 minutes.nAdd the cool water and sponge starter to the yeast mixture and mix with your fingers for about 2 minutes, breaking up the sponge. The mixture should look milky and slightly foamy.nAdd the flour and salt and mix with your fingers to incorporate the flour, scraping the sides of the bowl and folding the ingredients together until the dough gathers into a mass. It will be wet and sticky, with long strands of dough hanging from your fingers. If the dough is not sticky, add 1 tablespoon of water.nMove the dough to a lightly floured surface and knead for about 5 minutes, until it becomes supple and fairly smooth. This is a sticky, wet dough dont be tempted to add more flour to the work surface. Just dust lightly and use a dough scraper as necessary to loosen the dough from the table during kneading. Allow the dough to rest for 15 minutes, covered with oiled plastic wrap. This rest period is the autolyse.nKnead the dough 3 to 5 minutes, until it is stretchy and smooth, yet still slightly sticky. Shape the dough into a loose ball, place it in a lightly oiled bowl, and turn the dough in the bowl to coat with oil. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and let the dough rise at room temperature 75 to 77 degrees for about 1 hour, or until the dough looks slightly puffy but has not doubled.nPlace the dough in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours, or preferably, overnight to let it relax, develop flavor, and become more manageable.nTake the dough from the refrigerator and let it sit at room temperature for 1 to 2 hours, until it begins to warm up and starts to rise.nFlour a work surface well and gently dump the dough onto it. Divide the dough into three equal pieces, about 13 ounces each. Gently flatten one piece, pressing out some of the air bubbles, and stretch it into a rectangle. Fold the top third down and the bottom third up as if you were folding a business letter. Now form the loaf into a short baguette by rolling the dough over from left to right and sealing the seam with the heel of your palm. Fold the dough over about 1 3 of the way each time, seal the length of the loaf, then repeat. You want to gently draw the skin tight over the surface of the loaf while leaving some air bubbles in the dough.nSeal the seam, being careful not to tear the skin of the dough or deflate its airy structure. Do not elongate. These loaves are about 10 inches long. Cover an area on the work surface with a thick layer of flour and place the loaf, seam side down, on the flour. Repeat with remaining pieces of dough. The loaves will be loose and slightly irregular in shape. Leave plenty of space between the loaves they will spread as they rise. Cover the loaves with well oiled plastic and let them rise for 1 to 2 hours, until bubbly and loose.nThirty minutes before baking, preheat the oven to 475 degrees. Place a baking stone in the oven to preheat and position an oven rack just below the stone.nSprinkle a peel very generously with cornmeal. Line an upsidedown baking sheet with parchment paper and sprinkle very generously with cornmeal. Lift one loaf, flip it over so the floured side is on top, and gently tug on the ends to stretch the loaf to the full length of the peel, or about 14 inches on a pan. Repeat with the remaining loaves, placing 2 on the peel and 1 on the pan. Dimple each loaf with your finger in about 6 places, but dont deflate them too much. Be sure the loaves are loosened from the peel, then carefully slide them onto the baking stone. Place the pan of bread on the rack below the stone. Using a plant sprayer, quickly mist the loaves with water 8 to 10 times, then quickly shut oven door. Mist the loaves again after 1 minute. Then mist again 1 minute later.nBake for about 10 minutes, then reduce the temperature to 450 degrees and bake 15 minutes longer or until the loaves sound slightly hollow when tapped on the bottom and the crust is a medium to dark brown. If the crust is not brown enough, the loaves will soften as they cool. Transfer the bread to a rack to cool for at least 30 minutes before serving.nMix all the ingredients together in a medium bowl and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon for 2 to 3 minutes until a smooth, somewhat elastic batter has formed. The batter will be very stiff it gets softer and more elastic after it has proofed. You may find it easier to mix the sponge using an electric mixer, with a paddle or a dough hook, on medium speed for 1 to 2 minutes. Scrape the sponge into a 2quart clear plastic container and cover with plastic wrap. At this point you have two options:nIf you plan to make your dough later that same day, let the sponge rest at room temperature until it has risen to the point where it just begins to collapse. This may take 6 to 8 hours, depending on the temperature of the room and the strength of the yeast. The sponge will triple in volume and small dents will begin to appear in the top as it reaches its peak and then begins to deflate. The sponge is now in perfect condition to be used in a dough. Its best if you have already weighted or measured out all of your other recipe ingredients before the sponge reaches this point so you can use it before it collapses too much.nIf youre not planning to make your dough until the next day or the day after, put the covered sponge in the refrigerator and let it rise there for at least 14 hours before taking it out to use in a recipe. Be sure to compensate for the cold temperature of the starter by using warm water 85 degrees to 90 degrees F in the dough instead of the cool water specified in the bread recipe. Or let the starter sit out, covered until it reaches room temperature this may take several hours, but dont let it collapse too much before you use it.nYield: 28 ounces, ingredients: [14 cup, 2 ounces very warm water 105 to 115 degrees, 34 teaspoon active dry yeast, 1 cup, 8 ounces cool water  75 degrees, 1 12 cups, 12 ounces Sponge Starter, recipe follows, 3 12 cups, 16 ounces unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon Kosher salt, 1 12 cups 12 ounces very warm water 105 degrees F to 115 degrees F, 14 teaspoon active dry yeast, 3 12 cups 16 ounces unbleached allpurpose flour], title: Amys Crusty Italian Loaf, picturelink: null}, 47190: {instructions: In food processor, chop garlic and anchovies. Add the parsley leaves and capers and chop. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil. Add the lemon juice and puree until desired smoothness. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nStart potatoes in cold salted water. Bring to a simmer cook until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain, put on a sheet pan and refrigerate until cool. When cool, cut crosswise into 14inch thick disks.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRoast sausage links on a sheet pan and place in the oven until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Quarter links lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 14inch circles.nFor the peas, lightly grasp stem end of pea and pull down removing stem and stringy section on flat side.nGenerously season the salmon with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper. Preheat skillet large enough to comfortably fit all salmon steaks. Add enough vegetable oil to coat the bottom of the pan. Place salmon in pan skin side down listen for the sizzle signaling pan is hot enough, if the pan does not sizzle wait to add fish and let sear until skin is crispy, about 4 minutes. Turn salmon over and let sear additional 3 to 4 minutes until salmon is nice and browned. Remove from pan and set skin side down on a sheet pan. Pour excess fat out of pan. Add sausage, clams, potatoes and peas. Let cook for 1 minute then add garlic, white wine and butter. Season with salt and pepper and let simmer on stove top until all clams open add a little more wine or water, if needed, to keep dish saucy. When clams begin to open put salmon in oven until cooked to desired doneness, about 2 minutes depending on thickness.nTo plate: Evenly distribute clams, broth and vegetables into large pasta bowls. Drizzle with salsa verde and place salmon on top. Enjoy with medium bodied white wine or light bodied red wine and good friends., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, 2 salted anchovies, soaked for 5 minutes to remove salt, bones removed, 1 bunch fresh parsley, leaves only, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound fingerling potatoes, 12 pound spicy Italian style lamb sausage links can substitute Italian pork sausage, 12 pound sugar snap peas, 4 6ounce wild salmon fillets, Vegetable oil, for sauteing, 1 pound manila clams, 2 teaspoons diced garlic, 2 cups dry white wine recommended: Italian Pinot Grigio, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced], title: Wild Alaskan Salmon with Lamb Sausage, Manila Clams, Sugar Snap Peas, Fingerling Potatoes and Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 47191: {instructions: Bring a stockpot of water to a boil. Drop in the noodles and cook, stirring frequently, until al dente, about 5 to 7 minutes.nMelt the butter with the oil in a small skillet or saucepan. Add the garlic and cook about 1 minute, or until hot throughout but not at all colored. Immediately remove the pan from the heat.nDrain the noodles in a colander and return to the pot. Pour on the garlic butter and toss well. Add the salt and parsley, and toss again. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces wide egg noodles, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large garlic clove, minced, Salt, 14 cup fresh parsley, minced or 2 tablespoons chives or basil, minced], title: Egg Noodles with Garlic and Herbs, picturelink: null}, 47192: {instructions: For the chicken: In large saucepan, melt the butter. Add the almonds and saute until golden. Add rice and cook 1 minute more. Stir in chicken stock and cover saucepan. Let simmer for 20 minutes or until rice is cooked. Mix in cilantro, chicken, scallions, beans, avocado and diced pepper.nFor mango mojo dressing: In small heavy skillet over medium heat place the cumin seeds and toast until fragrant about 2 minutes. In mini food processor combine the toasted cumin, garlic, chili, and salt. Grind to coarse paste. Add olive oil, mango, orange juice and lime juice.nReturn mixture to skillet and heat until warm.nDrizzle chicken mixture with half the mango mojo dressing and toss. Spoon into serving dish and garnish with red pepper and cilantro sprigs., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup almonds, slivered, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup jasmine rice, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 2 cups rotisserie chicken, cut into bitesized pieces, 12 cup sliced scallions, 12 cup canned black beans, drained and rinsed, 12 avocado, diced, 12 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 3 cloves garlic, 1 small hot red chile, stemmed and seeded, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup olive oil, 12 mango, chopped, 14 cup fresh squeezed orange juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Diced red pepper, for garnish, Cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Second Place: Warm Chicken, Rice and Black Bean Salad with Mango Mojo Dressing, picturelink: null}, 47193: {instructions: Combine oil, vinegar, basil and garlic in a bowl. Add the shrimp and marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Preheat broiler.nDrain shrimp. Cut each piece of prosciutto in half, lengthwise and wrap around each shrimp, securing well with a toothpick.nSaute the shrimp in a nonstick pan, that has been heated and lightly brushed with olive oil. Cook only to seal the prosciutto to shrimp. Place each piece on broiler pan and grill under broiler for 2 minutes on each side. Careful not to burn the prosciutto or overcook the shrimp., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons dry white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 pound large shrimp 13 to 15 per pound, peeled and deveined, with tails intact, 8 to 10 pieces prosciutto di Parma, sliced very thin], title: Jumbo Shrimp Wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, picturelink: null}, 47194: {instructions: Preheat a barbecue or indoor grill to 350 degrees F 190 degrees C. Place sardines on grill. Grill 4 minutes on each side use medium heat setting on your barbecue or grill. Remove from heat.nPlace grilled sardines on serving plate, cut a fresh lemon in half. Squeeze half of the lemon over sardines. Slice the remaining half lemon and add lemon slices to the serving plate as garnish., ingredients: [4 whole sardines fresh, not canned, 1 lemon], title: Grilled Sardines, picturelink: null}, 47195: {instructions: Trim the root of the leek, leaving ends intact to hold the leaves together, then halve lengthwise. Rinse well under running water to flush out any grit trapped between the leaves. Cut each half into 3inch lengths, keeping leaves together. Put leeks in a large skillet with water to cover and 1 teaspoon salt. Simmer over medium heat until the leeks are tender, about 6 minutes. Drain the excess water, add 2 tablespoons butter, and cook over medium heat until the leek edges are golden brown and sweet.nCook the bacon in a medium skillet, until just crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Brush a 9inch glass or ceramic pie pan with 2 tablespoons butter and sprinkle the grated Parmesan evenly on top. Put pan on a baking sheet.nWhisk the halfandhalf, eggs and yolks in large glass measuring cup. Season with 12 teaspoon salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Spread half the Gruyere evenly in the pan, crumble the bacon on top repeat with remaining cheese. Place the leeks, browned side up, on the cheese and pour the custard over the fillings.nBake until the quiche is just set in the center, about 40 to 50 minutes. Cool completely on a rack before serving., ingredients: [2 medium leeks, white and light green parts, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 6 ounces thinly sliced bacon, 6 to 8 slices, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 4 ounces grated Gruyere or Swiss cheese, about 1 cup], title: Leek, Bacon, and Gruyere Crustless Quiche, picturelink: bBuzo.ndD7KUIwePDshtE5T8fqSPnOC}, 47196: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the ricotta mixture: Add the ricotta, capers, olive oil, lemon zest and juice, salt and some pepper to a bowl. Set aside and allow the flavors to meld.nFor the layers: Add the shallots to a bowl, cover with ice water and soak for 10 minutes prior to using.nAdd the sea salt and lemon zest to a bowl and combine with your fingers.nTo build: Top each slice of bread with some of the ricotta mixture, 2 slices avocado, 3 slices tomato and some shallots, sunflower seeds and lemon salt to finish. Cut diagonally., ingredients: [1 cup wholemilk ricotta, drained, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, rinsed and crushed, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil the good stuff, Zest of 12 lemon plus 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Big pinch kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small shallot, sliced, 2 tablespoons sea salt flakes, Zest of 1 lemon, 6 slices sourdough bread, toasted, 1 avocado, sliced, 2 to 3 heirloom tomatoes, sliced, 2 tablespoons salted sunflower seeds], title: Avocado OpenFaced Sandwich, picturelink: eJPKCf6K9Ek1.P0bgSFuzlU.x7FjEC}, 47197: {instructions: Mix all custard ingredients in a blender until smooth.nMix sugar and water in pan until dissolved. Add cinnamon stick and cook over medium heat until light caramel color, about 10 minutes. Pour about 4 tablespoons of syrup into an 8 by 8inch pan to coat the bottom evenly. Cool for a few minutes or until hardened. Reserve the remaining caramel. Pour custard mixture from blender over the caramel.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the custard pan into a larger pan and pour water halfway up the side of the smaller pan creating a bain marie.nBake until the middle of the oven until the custard moves slightly when jiggled, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes, or refrigerate, if desired. When ready to serve, loosen the sides with a knife and invert pan onto platter. Slice and serve with reserved, rewarmed syrup and whipped cream., ingredients: [2 12ounce cans evaporated milk, 1 14ounce cans sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup white shredded Colombian cheese, queso blanco, 7 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 1 cinnamon stick, Whipped cream as an accompaniment], title: Flan with Caramelo, picturelink: null}, 47198: {instructions: Gently toss the avocado, tomato, jalapeno, chopped cilantro and lime juice in a medium bowl. Whisk the eggs with 1 tablespoon water and 14 teaspoon salt in a separate bowl. Set aside.nMelt the butter in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bell peppers, onion and 14 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Remove the vegetables to a plate using a slotted spoon. Add the eggs to the skillet and cook, stirring often, until almost set, about 2 minutes. Stir in the cheese until melted.nWarm the tortillas as the label directs. Divide the scrambled eggs, sauteed vegetables and avocado mixture among the tortillas and top with cilantro leaves.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 avocado, diced, 1 large plum tomato, diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped optional, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus leaves for topping, Juice of 2 limes, 8 large eggs, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 bell peppers any color, sliced, 1 Vidalia onion or other sweet yellow onion, halved and sliced, 1 34 cups shredded monterey jack or pepper jack cheese about 6 ounces, 8 6inch flour tortillas], title: Cheesy Scrambled Egg Fajitas, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 47199: {instructions: Lay a sheet of plastic wrap out on a work surface. Place a piece of veal on the plastic, and cover with another sheet of plastic. Pound the meat with a meat pounder or other flat utensil until it is uniformly 18 inch thick. Repeat with remaining pieces. The butcher could also do this step.nLay the veal out on the work surface. Top each piece with a slice of prosciutto and then a slice of cheese. Fold the veal over to completely enclose the prosciutto and cheese and secure with toothpicks. You should have nice little flat pachages about 3 by 2 inches. Sprinkle both sides of the veal with salt and pepper, to taste. Place the flour on a small plate and dredge the veal packages in the flour, shaking off any excess.nHeat the butter and oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the butter foam subsides, add the meat and brown on both sides, turning as necessary. Reduce the heat if necessary to keep the veal from burning. When the packages are golden brown, transfer them to a heated plate.nAdd the Marsala to the pan juices and stir well to release the browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Reduce the heat to low, return the veal to the pan, and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes, with a lid slightly ajar, until the meat is tender and cooked through. Return the veal to the heated plate. Add the lemon juice and parsley to the pan, increase the heat, and cook for 1 minute, or until the sauce has thickened.nTo serve, remove the toothpicks and serve 2 little suitcase, drizzled with the sauce, per person. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 veal scaloppine, about 3 ounces each, 8 very thin slices prosciutto about 4 ounces, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, cut into 8 slices, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup dry Marsala, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatparsley], title: Veal Suitcases Perugina, picturelink: null}, 47200: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and thyme and cook until the onions are softened, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken livers and cook until firm but still pink inside, about 3 minutes.nRemove the skillet from heat, add the salt, pepper and brandy, and deglaze the pan by stirring and scraping up the brown bits from the bottom cool.nRemove the thyme stems from the skillet, transfer the chicken liver mixture to a blender, puree until smooth and transfer to a bowl.nIn another medium bowl, use an electric hand mixer to whip the heavy cream to medium peaks. Fold the whipped cream into the liver mixture, taste and adjust the seasoning. Cover with plastic wrap and chill for 30 minutes.nServe the mousse with toasted baguette slices and garnish with pickled onions., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 pound chicken livers, cleaned, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 cup brandy, 12 cup heavy cream, Toasted baguette slices, for serving, Sliced pickled red onions, for garnish], title: Chicken Liver Mousse, picturelink: hbEcIECcULFJmnsme44NC5vaPc4RvIe}, 47201: {instructions: Beat 1 14 cups sugar and 1 stick butter with a mixer until fluffy. Beat in 1 egg and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Add the SuperChunky Christmas Cookie mix see Cooks Note and mix until well combined. Scoop big round cookies about 2 heaping tablespoons each onto a baking sheet. Bake at 350 degrees until set, about 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on a rack.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: SuperChunky Christmas Cookies, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 47202: {instructions: For the simple syrup: In a saucepan bring 2 cups sugar and 1 cup water to a boil, stirring, and boil until sugar is completely dissolved. Cool syrup.nFor the Raisinoni: Combine chocolate and simple syrup in a heatproof bowl. Microwave for 1 minute 15 seconds, remove from microwave and stir to smooth consistency. Add raisins and 1 tablespoon water to the bowl and mix to completely cover all raisins. Using a spoon or small icecream scoop, scoop out raisins into clusters onto a waxed paper lined sheet pan. Once all RAISINONI are formed, cover them with a sheet of waxed paper and plastic wrap, place in refrigerator and chill until firm., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips or chopped bar chocolate, 3 tablespoons simple syrup, 1 12 to 2 cups raisins, 1 tablespoon water], title: Raisinoni Chocolate Raisin Clusters, picturelink: null}, 47203: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the macaroons: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Place the peanuts and confectioners sugar in a food processor and process until it reaches a flour consistency, about 5 minutes. Place the egg whites and granulated sugar in a stand mixer and whip until firm peaks form.nUsing a rubber spatula, slowly fold in the peanutsugar mixture, onethird at a time, until fully incorporated, being careful not to let the mixture drop. Pipe the batter using a piping bag or pastry bag onto the prepared baking sheets six 3inch rounds on each tray about 1 inch apart. Bake until golden brown and nicely risen, 15 to 17 minutes. Let rest 20 minutes, and then remove the macaroons from the baking sheets.nFor the compote: Render the bacon in a saute pan over low heat until crispy and browned. Add the chopped bananas and cook while mashing. Then add the brown sugar, rum and lime juice, and continue to cook the mashed mixture until no liquid remains.nFor the marshmallow cream: Place the gelatin into the bowl of a stand mixer along with 12 cup of the water. Have the whisk attachment standing by.nIn a small saucepan, combine the remaining 12 cup water, the granulated sugar, corn syrup and salt. Place over mediumhigh heat, cover and allow to cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Uncover, clip a candy thermometer onto the side of the pan and continue to cook until the mixture reaches 240 degrees F, 7 to 8 minutes. Once the mixture reaches this temperature, immediately remove from the heat.nTurn the mixer on low speed and, while running, slowly pour the sugar syrup down the side of the bowl into the gelatin mixture. Once you have added all of the syrup, increase the speed to high. Continue to whip until the mixture becomes very thick and is lukewarm, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the vanilla during the last minute of whipping.nTo assemble: Place one macaroon bakedside down. Add a scoop of the compote, about 3 tablespoons. Cover the compote with 1 tablespoon marshmallow whip. Using a hand torch, roast the marshmallow until browned. Top with another macaroon, bakedside up. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Serve., ingredients: [4 ounces peanuts, 8 ounces confectioners sugar, 4 ounces egg whites, 2 ounces granulated sugar, 8 ounces bacon, diced small, 1 bunch bananas, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 12 ounce dark rum, 14 ounce fresh lime juice, 3 packages unflavored gelatin, 1 cup ice cold water, 12 ounces granulated sugar about 1 12 cups, 1 cup light corn syrup, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup cornstarch], title: Elvis Moon Pie, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 47204: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut a strip of peel off each apple around its equator so the apple will not explode in the oven.nPlace the apples into an 8 or 9inch square baking pan, depending on the size of the apples so they fit snug in the pan. Stuff each apple with raisins. Top each apple with 1 teaspoon brown sugar. Pour apple juice over the brown sugar and into the bottom of the pan. Bake until golden and cooked through, for approximately 1 hour., ingredients: [4 Rome Beauty apples, cored, Raisins, to fill apples, 4 teaspoons brown sugar, 12 cup apple juice], title: Baked Apples, picturelink: eX7F9lopwjQppXh9sPhyGYkkHZlxS4K}, 47205: {instructions: Cookies:nCOMBINE sugar and shortening in bowl of electric mixer beat at medium speed until well blended. Add eggs, corn syrup and vanilla beat until well blended and fluffy.nCOMBINE 3 cups flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in large bowl gradually add to shortening mixture, beating at low speed until well blended.nDIVIDE dough into 4 equal pieces shape each into disk. Wrap with plastic wrap. Refrigerate 1 hour or until firm.nHEAT oven to 375 degrees F.nSPRINKLE about 1 tablespoon flour on large sheet of waxed paper. Place disk of dough on floured paper flatten slightly with hands. Turn dough over cover with another large sheet of waxed paper. Roll dough to 14inch thickness. Remove top sheet of waxed paper. Cut into desired shapes with floured cookie cutter. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheet. Repeat with remaining dough.nBAKE 5 to 7 minutes or until edges of cookies are lightly browned. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheet transfer to cooling rack to cool completely.nFrosting:nCOMBINE powdered sugar and milk in small bowl stir until smooth. Add food coloring, if desired. Stir until blended. Spread on cookies let stand until frosting is set. Decorate as desired with decorator frosting., ingredients: [em, Cookies:, em, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 1 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 1 cup powdered sugar, 2 tbsps. milk, Food coloring optional, Decorator Frosting, 2 large eggs, 14 cup light corn syrup, 1 tbsp. vanilla extract, 3 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, divided, 34 tsp. baking powder, 12 tsp. baking soda, 12 tsp. salt, Frosting:], title: Frosted Holiday CutOuts, picturelink: lr1u.kV2n4qv6w3f81ibLPZVpZd0.6}, 47206: {instructions: Roll the marzipan into a long rope that is about 12inch in diameter. Use a sharp paring knife to slice the rope into 1inch long slices. Use your palms to roll the slice into an oval shape. Dip your fingers into cornstarch and pinch 1 end of the oval to mold the tail of the doves body. Pinch the other end to make the head and beak. Use the back of the paring knife to score and fan the tail section. Push the tail up toward the body to give the sculpture a little more flair.nTo make the wings: Place a small piece of marzipan into a ziplock plastic bag. Use a rolling pin to roll the marzipan into a 3inch diameter circle that is about 18inch thick. Remove the rolled marzipan from the plastic bag and place on the work surface. Use the paring knife to cut oval shapes that are pointed on each end. Cut 2 pieces for each bird. Adhere the wings to the body. The finished bird is about 1 to 1 12inches long.nJacques tip: The marzipan can be colored by adding a few drops of food color. Work the color into the marzipan by folding it into itself.nMake the gelatin: Place the water and sugar in a saucepan. Use a rolling pin to bruise the lemon grass. Place the lemon grass in the water. Add the gelatin. Bring to a boil. Strain the mixture. Let the gelatin cool but not harden. Place the gelatin into an automatic funnel. It is easier to use a funnel than cup with pour spout because you can control the flow of the gelatin as you add it to the mold. Pour about 14inch thick layer of gelatin into bottom of the mold. Let harden.nPlace the marzipan doves on top of the gelatin layer. Use the automatic funnel to add more gelatin to the mold. Fill so the gelatin covers the backs of the birds but does not cover them completely. Place the gelatin in the refrigerator and let it set. When firm, remove from the refrigerator, fill the mold completely, and return to the refrigerator.nUnmold the gelatin. Use a chefs knife dipped in hot water to cut the gelatin into squares. Place the gelatin square on top of the Lemon Rice shortbread cookie. Serve immediately.nPlace the butter, cake flour and rice flour in a mediumsize mixing bowl. The rice flour will make the cookie crisper and more crumbly because it does not contain any gluten. Use an electric mixer set on medium speed to beat the mixture just until combined.nAdd the salt, lemon zest and sugar, mix just to combine, add the eggs, mix until dough hold together. Remove the dough from the bowl and pat into a disk. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour before using. This will give any gluten that may have developed a chance to relax. If you use the dough immediately after making it, it may be tough and elastic.nThe dough will keep, well wrapped in plastic wrap in the refrigerator for 1 week or in the freezer for 1 month. Thaw the dough in the refrigerator until ready to use. If you want to store the dough already rolled into a tart pan, wrap it in plastic wrap.nMarzipan Dove Wagashi: When you are ready to use the dough, remove it from the refrigerator and give it 4 or 5 quick raps with a rolling pin. This softens the cold butter. Use a 2inch plain cutter to cut the dough into cookies. Place on a parchment paper lined baking sheet and bake in a preheated 375 degree F oven until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Allow the cookies to cool. If you place the gelatin squares on top of warm cookies, the gelatin will meltnYield: 19 12 ounces of dough, ingredients: [12 ounces store bought marzipan, Cornstarch, for dusting, 2 cups plus 3 tablespoons or 500 grams water, 2 13 cups or 500 grams sugar, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon or 38 grams powdered gelatin, 4 stalks lemon grass, Lemon Rice Shortbread, recipe follows, Scant 2 cups cake flour, 14 cup rice flour, Generous 12 cup cold unsalted butter, Pinch salt, 1 lemon, zested, 34 cup powdered sugar, 1 large egg], title: Marzipan Dove Wagashi, picturelink: null}, 47207: {instructions: In a large saucepan combine water and salt. Bring to a boil.nTurn down the heat to low and add polenta in a slow steady stream, whisking constantly. When polenta is incorporated switch to a wooden spoon and continue stirring until thick.nWhen mixture is thickened remove from heat and stir in and cheese, thyme and white chocolate., ingredients: [3 34 cups water, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 8.8ounce package quick cooking polenta, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 cup white chocolate chips], title: White Chocolate Polenta, picturelink: zHJmBcJQGUOAXYRbWDnYszFLO6YMerm}, 47208: {instructions: Preheat your grill to mediumhigh heat.nIn a large mixing bowl, break up the meat with your hands. Add the chopped shallot, garlic, Neelys Dry Rub, Worcestershire sauce, and salt and pepper, to taste. Mix with a wooden spoon until thoroughly incorporated. Using your hands, divide the meat into 6 equal balls. Flatten them into patties and use your thumb to create an indent in the center of each burger.nGrill the burgers, uncovered, for 3 minutes on the first side. Flip and continue cooking for another 3 minutes for mediumrare, and 4 minutes for medium. Remove from grill and immediately top with the cheese.nButter the buns and place on the grill. Toast for about 1 minute and remove from grill.nBuild your burgers by topping with the bacon, Secret Sauce, coleslaw, and tomatoes. Add onion rings if desired.nMix all the ingredients together in s medium bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until serving, allowing the flavors to develop. Can be made a day ahead., ingredients: [2 12 pounds ground beef, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 2 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon Neelys Dry Rub seasoning, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Butter, 6 brioche buns, 6 slices pepper jack cheese, 12 slices smoked apple wood bacon, fried crisp, 12 cup Neelys Secret Sauce, recipe follows, 1 pint cole slaw recommended: Neelys Cole Slaw, 2 beef steak tomatoes, sliced, 13 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 2 tablespoons BBQ sauce recommended: Neelys BBQ sauce, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Memphis Beale Street Burger, picturelink: Fi4hjaEUFjVPIqRvVSyS6OnBTz8Hge}, 47209: {instructions: Special equipment: 2inch diameter scalloped cookie cutternFor the tartlets: Make the polenta according to package instructions. Just before the polenta is finished thickening, add the cream, salt, and pepper. Pour the polenta onto a greased, rimmed baking sheet. Set aside to cool and firm up, about 30 minutes.nFor the topping: In a medium bowl, combine the chicken, pesto, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine.nTo assemble: Using a 2inch diameter scalloped cookie cutter, cut the polenta into tartlet shapes, about 24, and place them on a serving platter. Top each polenta tartlet with a spoonful of chicken. Top the chicken with a few dried cranberries. Serve., ingredients: [1 pound instant polenta about 2 12 cups, 1 cup cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded storebought roasted chicken, 12 cup storebought pesto, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dried cranberries], title: Polenta and Chicken Tartlets, picturelink: KQ2Vd59JAtIQd4.Lazf8s.Kz84V.Oq}, 47210: {instructions: Prepare a grill or large grill pan for high heat.nPut the tomatoes, onion, and lemon on a baking sheet. Brush with 1 tablespoon of oil and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Lightly oil the grill grates.nArrange the tomatoes, onion and lemon cutsides down on the grill. Cook until charred in spots, rotating the tomatoes and onion slices as needed to ensure even cooking, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer the grilled vegetables and lemon to the same baking sheet that they were on before. Allow to cool 5 minutes. Leave the grill on high heatnCombine the tomatoes and onions in a blender along with the juice of half of the grilled lemon, Worcestershire sauce, honey, horseradish, hot sauce and 1 tablespoon oil. Blend until smooth with the texture of tomato puree. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Pour into a small serving bowl and reserve.nToss the shrimp with the remaining tablespoon oil and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Grill until lightly charred in spots on both sides and just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes total. Transfer the shrimp to a large platter and serve with the reserved grilled tomato cocktail sauce. Cut the remaining grilled lemon into wedges and serve on the side., ingredients: [2 ripe Roma tomatoes, 12 large yellow onion, cut into three or four 12inch rounds, 1 lemon, halved, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Hot sauce, to taste], title: Grilled Shrimp with Grilled Tomato Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: tP5U4etMtEoVTlrgG8sa9nC08600dG}, 47211: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the ham and saute until starting to render. Add the capicola and salami and cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the olive oil, onions, bell peppers and fennel and saute until the onions are starting to caramelize, about 6 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic, and saute for 2 minutes, being careful not to burn the garlic, and then add the escarole and the chicken stock. Cover and let the escarole wilt, about 5 minutes. Remove the cover and stir in the vinegar and lemon juice. Add the butter, black pepper, granulated garlic, chili flakes, sugar and salt. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately sprinkled with the Parmesan., ingredients: [12 cup julienne country ham, 12 cup julienne spicy capicola, 12 cup julienne salami, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup julienne yellow onion, 1 cup julienne green bell pepper, 14 cup julienne fennel, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 pounds escarole, cleaned, dried and julienned across the leaf, using only leafy greens, 12 cup chicken stock, 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup good quality finely grated Parmesan], title: Turning Greens, picturelink: 0AdeIuBM.CYmUCE2a.ehT07NMa7iw2}, 47212: {instructions: Add all ingredients into a large bowl and mix to thoroughly combine. Form 4 ounce patties and grill until well done. Place 2 patties into lightly toasted soft French bread cut with a hinge along with lettuce, a generous helping of Pickled Vegetables, and Cilantro Mayonnaise.nPlace the sliced vegetables into 1 cup rice wine vinegar mixed with hot sauce, a dash of sugar, and a dash of salt. 15 minutes in the vinegar should leave the vegetables with a nice crunch. They can be left in the vinegar for an indefinite amount of time, however. The vinegar can be saved and used again later.nSimply mix the chopped cilantro with the mayonnaise., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 1 shallot, minced, 1 stalk lemongrass outer husk removed, sliced paper thin, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, A dash Asian fivespice powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, French bread, for serving, Lettuce, for serving, Pickled Vegetables, for serving, recipe follows, Cilantro Mayonnaise, for serving, recipe follows, 10 radishes, thinly slices, 5 to 7 carrots, julienned, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon hot sauce recommended: Sriracha, Dash sugar, Salt, 1 bunch cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 1 cup mayonnaise], title: Cabbagetown Market Banh Mi Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 47213: {instructions: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nToss the broccolini, olive oil, pinch of red pepper flakes, salt and pepper, to taste, together on a sheet tray. Place the broccolini on the hot grill and cook, while turning, until tender and slightly charred, 7 to 8 minutes. Place on a platter and add a squeeze of lemon and shaved Parmesan., ingredients: [1 large bunch broccolini, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 lemon, Shaved Parmesan, for garnish], title: Grilled Broccolini, picturelink: 6uNfAxykGJndec81G7RBeoRq4WHetnq}, 47214: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water add the salt and bring to a boil, uncovered. Simmer until fork tender, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, place a large skillet over medium flame. Add the chorizo, and cook, stirring for 5 minutes, until the sausage renders its fat and gets crispy. Add the onion and garlic season with the cumin, oregano, salt, and pepper. Cook and stir for 5 minutes, until the mixture is soft and has a beautiful red color. Pour in the broth and simmer for 3 minutes.nDrain the potatoes and fold them into the pan, using a wooden spoon, break up the potatoes into nickelsize pieces. Add the olives and raisins and toss everything together season with salt and pepper, to taste. Allow the filling to cool before filling the empanadas. Serve with cilantro cream.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, masa harina, baking powder, and salt. Stir in the melted butter. Gradually add 12 cup to 34 cup of water, working it in with your hands to incorporate the dough should be easy to handle and not sticky. Form the dough into a ball, wrap it in plastic, and chill for 30 minutes.nLightly flour your rolling pin and counter. Divide the dough in 12 so it will be easier to work with and roll it out to 18inch thickness. Using a 4inch cookie or biscuit cutter, cut out 10 circles of dough repeat with the other 12.nSpoon 2 generous tablespoons of filling into the center of each pastry circle, leaving a 12inch border. Brush the edges with the egg wash and then fold the dough over in 12 to enclose the filling and form a semicircle. Tightly seal the edges by crimping with the tines of a fork. Chill at least 30 minutes before baking.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the empanadas on a buttered baking sheet and brush the tops with additional egg wash. Using a fork, prick a few holes in the top of the empanadas for steam to escape. Bake for 30 minutes, until the pastry is golden brown.nCilantro Creamn1 cup sour creamn14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leavesn12 lime, juiced Kosher salt and freshly ground black peppernIn a small mixing bowl, combine the sour cream, cilantro, and lime juice together. Mix thoroughly season with salt and pepper. Serve with empanadas.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [3 to 4 waxy red or white potatoes about 12 pound, peeled and sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pound chorizo sausage, casing removed, 1 Spanish onion, diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 large pimientostuffed green olives, chopped, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 recipe empanada dough, recipe follows, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup masa harina, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, Butter, for greasing the pans], title: Potato and Chorizo Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 47215: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpray an 8inch square baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nCombine the oat cereal and marshmallows in a large bowl.nCombine the butter, brown sugar, honey and salt in a large saucepan and bring to a simmer. Cook for 1 minute, then carefully stir in the vanilla. Add the cereal mixture and stir to coat completely.nSpread the mixture in the prepared baking dish and press into an even layer. Allow to cool and set, about 1 hour, before cutting into squares., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking dish, 3 12 cups toasted oat cereal, 1 cup mini marshmallows, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup honey, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla], title: Honey Oat Cereal Bars, picturelink: O5Dmnwlbe5EB8I7vGXHQxsGiIaG426}, 47216: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a large pot or rondeau on the stove and add 3 cups water. Bring the water to a boil and add the clams. Cook until the clams pop open. Though it is important to stir the clams as they cook, take care because the shells are fragile and break easily. Put the clams in a colander and reserve the cooking liquid. Shell the clams discard the shells and reserve the clam meat and the liquid separately.nAdd the bacon to another large pot and cook over medium heat until crispy. Drain the bacon with a slotted spoon onto a paper towel, dust with Aleppo pepper and set aside. Add the butter to the bacon fat in the pot and quickly cook the celery, about 1 minute. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Remove the celery with a slotted spoon and set aside.nAdd the garlic, leeks and onions to the pot and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Cook until the vegetables become tender and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the vermouth. Continue to cook until almost all of the liquid has evaporated, 8 to 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, in another large pot, combine the cream, thyme, potatoes and bay leaves. Bring the mixture to a gentle simmer and cook until the potatoes are tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Add a splash of hot sauce and Worcestershire. Stir to blend. Taste for seasoning.nThere is a good chance there will be grit in the clam cooking liquid. Strain it and add it to the onionleek mixture. Stir to blend. Taste for seasoning. Combine with the potato mixture. Add the clam meat, reserved celery, tarragon and dill. Remove and discard the bay leaves. Add the marsala. Taste for seasoning. Add more cream and water if needed. Top with the bacon just before serving and serve with the Baked Bread.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the bread on a baking sheet in a single layer. Melt the butter in a small skillet over low heat and add the garlic. Sprinkle with salt and white pepper. Heat gently for 1 minute. Use a pastry brush to coat the bread slices with the butter. Pour any remaining butter into the bottom of the baking sheet. Dust the bread with the paprika and dill seeds. Place the baking sheet in the center of the oven and bake until the slices are browned and crispy, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove and cool for a minute before serving alongside the soup., ingredients: [5 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed in cold water until no grit remains on the shells, 8 ounces presliced bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, Dried Aleppo pepper or any other smoky dried pepper, for dusting, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 stalks green celery, washed, trimmed and sliced into 12inch rounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 2 leeks white and light green part only, cleaned and diced, 1 small yellow onion, peeled and diced, 1 cup dry vermouth, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 4 Yukon gold potatoes, washed and cut into 34inch dice, 2 bay leaves, Hot sauce, for flavor, Worcestershire sauce, for flavor, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon dry marsala, Baked Bread, for dipping, recipe follows, Eight 34 to 1inchthick slices sourdough bread, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, halved lengthwise and cut into thin slices, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon dill seeds], title: Clam Chowder, picturelink: 8Hw4wT36N9SoooUIlmFFRiter.Fv6YG}, 47217: {instructions: Cook bacon in microwave oven or on stove top. Let cool and crumble into medium bowl. Add onion, parsley and bread crumbs. Chop up clams and add to breadcrumb mixture. Moisten with reserved clam liquor. Season with salt, pepper, squirt of lemon and a dash of Tabasco sauce. Fill clam shells with mixture and place in a baking dish. Top clams with dots of butter and more bread crumbs. Broil until browned. Serve., ingredients: [4 bacon slices, 14 onion, chopped, 14 cup parsley, chopped, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 12 clams, shucked and juice reserved, Salt, Pepper, 1 lemon, Tabasco sauce, 12 stick butter], title: Stuffed Clams, picturelink: null}, 47218: {instructions: Combine the lime juice, tomatoclam juice and hot sauce in a pitcher. Mix well and refrigerate until ready to serve.nSpread a small amount of salt in a shallow saucer. Moisten the rims of 4 tall glasses with water and dip in the salt. Fill with ice, then fill halfway with the tomatoclam juice mixture. Top with beer and garnish with celery stalks and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [14 cup fresh lime juice, plus wedges for garnish, 3 14 cups tomatoclam juice or 3 cups tomato juice mixed with 14 cup clam juice, 34 teaspoon hot sauce, Coarse salt, for rimming the glasses, 2 12ounce cans beer, chilled, Celery stalks, for garnish], title: Beer Bloody Marys, picturelink: CWY6X66PueL9qAMWVpKK4LX.k1MLxOi}, 47219: {instructions: Preheat grill to medium heat.nHeat a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and butter. When melted, add the onion and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms, sea salt, and pepper, to taste. Cook until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow to cool. In a large bowl, combine the cooled onion mixture and ground beef with sea salt and pepper to taste. To adjust seasonings, form a small test patty, cook, and taste. Adjust if necessary. Form the meat mixture into 6 patties.nPlace the patties on the heated grill and cook, turning once, until desired doneness, about 2 to 3 minutes per side for mediumrare., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large sweet onion, sliced, 2 pounds shiitake mushroom caps, sliced, Sea salt and fresh ground black pepper, 3 pounds ground beef], title: Shiitake Mushroom and Sweet Onion Burgers, picturelink: null}, 47220: {instructions: For the Buttermilk Biscuit Crust, place flour in a bowl and rub in 1 12 sticks of butter until fine and mealy. Do not allow to become pasty. Stir in 1 cup of the buttermilk, adding the remainder if necessary. Press dough together on a floured surface, wrap, and allow to rest while preparing filling.nFor the filling, combine the apricots and cherries in a bowl and toss with sugar. Pour into a buttered 2 12 to 3quart gratin dish or other shallow baking dish. Dot with 3 tablespoons of butter and sprinkle evenly with the almond extract.nPress the dough out on a floured surface until roughly the size of the baking dish. Lift dough onto filling and cut several vent holes in top. Brush with buttermilk and sprinkle with sugar.nBake the cobbler at 450 degrees about 20 minutes, until crust is well colored and filling is bubbling. Cool slightly on a rack and serve warm or at room temperature with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [3 cups selfrising cake flour, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, plus 3 tablespoons butter, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 3 pounds fresh apricots, rinsed, halved, pitted and sliced, 1 12 pounds fresh sweet cherries, rinsed and pitted, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon almond extract, Buttermilk and sugar, for finishing], title: Sweet Cherry and Apricot Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 47221: {instructions: Stud the strip of orange peel with whole cloves, 2 inches apart. In a copper saucepan, place the orange peel, cinnamon sticks, and both liqueurs. Warm them, then stick the end of the orange peel with a fork and hold it up over the pan. Light the liqueur on fire, then using a small ladle, pour the liqueur over the orange peel starting at the top. Let the liqueur drizzle down, spiraling down into the pan. Continue ladling for a few minutes. Douse the flame with a little coffee. Place the orange peel and cinnamon sticks on a side plate. Divide the liquid into 2 glasses, then top them off with more coffee. Garnish with whipped cream and the reserved cinnamon sticks., ingredients: [1 thick continuous strip of peel from 1 orange, 8 whole cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 ounce almond liqueur recommended: Amaretto, 1 ounce orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 1 12 cups coffee, Whipped cream], title: OrangeCinnamon Coffee, picturelink: null}, 47222: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nOn a small, rimmed baking sheet, toss the asparagus with the Parmesan, oil and 18 teaspoon of the salt. Bake until the stalks are easily pierced with the tip of a knife, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool completely.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the mascarpone, orange zest and the remaining 18 teaspoon salt until smooth and spreadable.nOne at a time, fold the slices of ham in half and spread each with 1 teaspoon of the mascarpone mixture. Place one spear of cooled asparagus at one end of the slice and roll the ham around the asparagus. Repeat for the remaining asparagus. Place the rolls on a parchmentpaperlined tray and store in the refrigerator, wrapped in plastic wrap, until ready to serve. Serve chilled., ingredients: [1 bunch jumbo asparagus, ends trimmed 10 to 12 spears, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon orange zest from half an orange, 10 to 12 thin slices honey ham or prosciutto cotto if available, patted dry], title: Green Spears and Ham, picturelink: yFFWT8wDAvBRFOgpRAoRB9ibZM2avX6}, 47223: {instructions: Skewer 2 mussels and 2 mozzarella cubes on a toothpick, alternating, and then repeat with the remaining mussels and mozzarella. Dredge the skewers in the flour, followed by the egg wash, and then in the breadcrumbs. Fry in olive oil until golden, and then season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [24 mussels, steamed and removed from shells, 1 ball mozzarella cheese, cubed, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, beaten with salt, 12 cup breadcrumbs, Olive oil, for frying, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mussel and Mozzarella Skewers, picturelink: null}, 47224: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the pasta until al dente according to the package directions.nMash in this order the garlic, anchovies and olives using a mortar and pestle, or just chop them finely together. Set aside.nUsing a fork, crumble the Parmesan.nHeat the olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the red onions and cook until slightly caramelized. Add the tomatoes and cook for a couple of minutes. Pour in the broth or wine and cook for another 2 minutes, then pour in the garlicanchovyolive mixture. Stir and continue cooking until the sauce is nice and reduced and wonderful, several minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste.nDrain the pasta and add it to the skillet. Add the crumbled Parmesan and toss to coat the pasta in the sauce. Tear the basil leaves and sprinkle over the top. Serve right out of the skillet., ingredients: [8 ounces bucatini or spaghetti, 2 cloves garlic, 4 anchovy fillets, 12 heaping cup kalamata olives, pitted, 4ounce piece good Parmesan, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 red onion, sliced, 1 12 cups grape tomatoes, halved, 34 cup chicken broth or white wine, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 basil leaves], title: Pasta Puttanesca, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 47225: {instructions: To a martini pitcher add ice, vodka, vermouth, mango puree  stir. Strain into martini glasses. Garnish with blueberries., ingredients: [Ice, 7 ounces vodka, 1 ounce vermouth, 12 cup mango puree, Blueberries for garnish], title: Frozen Mango Martini, picturelink: null}, 47226: {instructions: 1. Place all ingredients into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure lid.n2. Select Variable 1.n3. Turn machine on and quickly increase speed to Variable 3.n4. Blend for 15 to 20 seconds or until ingredients are mixed.n5. If necessary, use the tamper to push the ingredients into the blades while processing.n6. You may need to stop the machine and run a spatula around the inside of the container to integrate ingredients.n7. Do not over mix. Leave chunky. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 ripe avocados, peeled, pitted, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons 30 ml lemon juice, 14 cup 40 g chopped red onion, 1 medium tomato, halved, 12 cup 10 g fresh cilantro leaves], title: Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 47227: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPrepare the beets by cutting off the 2 ends and the greens. The greens can be used in another recipe if you like... Next rub down the beets with olive oil and wrap them in tin foil. Place them in a shallow pan or dish and bake them for 1 to 1 12 hours or until a knife slides in and out of the beets easily. When the beets are finished, rubbing the skins off with a towel can peel them. Julienne the beets.nPrepare the trout by skinning and deboning it, and shredding it to the size you prefer. I like to shred it very finely, so that every bite of salad has a bite of trout. If you can find already deboned smoked trout, it will reduce your prep time significantly.nPlace the lettuce and spinach on a plate and build the other ingredients onto the salad, as you like. I like to run each ingredient down the side of the mountain of greens in sections and mix as I eat.nDress the salad with Green Goddess Dressing, and serve with a fresh baguette.nMix everything in a 2 quart bowl or larger.nCan be stored in your refrigerator for up to 7 days.nIf you like your dressing greener, increase the herbs.nIf you like your dressing leaner, leave out buttermilk and add 12 cup yogurt to replace it. And if you like it meaner, up the herbs, the pepper or use white pepper, and the garlicnYield: about 1 12 cups, ingredients: [Romaine or leafy lettuce, of your choice, Shredded baby spinach, 2 to 3 smoked trout cleaned and shredded, 2 to 3 cucumbers, peeled and julienne, 3 to 4 red beets, Baguette, optional, 3 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup plain yogurt, 1 bunch freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons freshly minced chives, 1 tablespoon freshly minced tarragon leaves, 1 tablespoon champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon black cafe pepper, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Bryant Lake Bowl  Smoked Trout and Beet Salad with Green Goddess Dressing, picturelink: null}, 47228: {instructions: Special equipment: a mandolinnFor the aioli: Add the vinegar and egg yolks to a food processor and process until smooth. Drizzle in the oil while running the processor. Mix in the wasabi powder and salt.nFor the pear and endive salad: Slice the Asian pear thinly on a mandolin and cut the slices into julienne. Separate and stack the endive leaves and cut into julienne. Cut the chives into lengths to match the pear and endive pieces. Mix the endive, pear and chives in a small bowl and toss with the lemon juice.nFor the fried oysters: Shuck the oysters, keeping onehalf of each shell for plating. Dredge each oyster in the flour, shaking off the excess. Dip in the egg wash and then coat in the panko.nFill a straightsided saute pan with 1 inch of canola oil and heat over mediumhigh heat until rippling. Fry the oysters until golden brown, 2 minutes.nTo plate: place each oyster shell on a bed of rock salt. Add a dollop of aioli to each shell and a little of the pear and endive salad. Top with a fried oyster, another dot of aioli and some salad., ingredients: [14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 large egg yolks, 12 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon wasabi powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 Asian pear, 1 head Belgian endive, 1 small bunch chives, 12 lemon, juiced, 4 oysters, such as Wellfleet or Beausoleil, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, Canola oil, for shallowfrying, Rock salt, for plating], title: Fried Oyster with Asian Pear Salad, picturelink: G4t0iI0J2tyezN3P6vEBKYzYq1tPjDW}, 47229: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the tomatillos, garlic, Anaheim chile, onions and jalapeno on a baking sheet. Toss the vegetables with the oil, salt and pepper. Roast the vegetables until the tomatillos turn a darkgreen color and the onions golden brown, about 30 minutes.nLet the vegetables cool slightly. Peel the garlic and transfer all the ingredients to a blender. Blend until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the lime juice and sprinkle with more salt and pepper.nThe tomatillo sauce can be made 1 day ahead, covered and chilled., ingredients: [1 pound tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 3 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 1 Anaheim chile, seeded, deveined, 1 white onion, quartered, 12 jalapeno chile, seeded, deveined, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons salt, plus more for sprinkling, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for sprinkling, Juice from 12 lime], title: Tomatillo Sauce, picturelink: null}, 47230: {instructions: In a highsided saute pan with a lid, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions, season with the salt, cover and cook until they are wilted and soft, about 10 minutes. Remove the lid and cook the onions until they are golden and caramelized, stirring often, about 20 minutes more.nStir in the garlic and saute 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook an additional 10 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients, bring the mixture to a boil and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Stirring consistently, cook until the tomatoes breakdown and the jam becomes thick, about 20 minutes.nYield: 3 cupsnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll the puff pastry out on a floured surface to a rectangular shape, about 12 by 10 12 inches. Transfer the pastry sheet to a parchmentlined baking sheet. With the tines of a fork, dock a 12inch border around the edge of the sheet and dock the center of the sheet a few times as well. This will prevent the dough from rising as it cooks.nSpread the Caramelized OnionTomato Jam evenly over the pastry, leaving a small border around the edge of the pastry. Layer the tomatoes, eggplant, yellow squash and zucchini in overlapping rows, or in whatever pattern you like. Sprinkle the roasted red peppers around the tart. Drizzle the assembled tart with a little olive oil, making sure to brush a little on the edges, season with salt and pepper and top with half of the fresh oregano.nBake until the pastry is golden brown and puffed, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately sprinkle with the goat cheese and the remaining 1 12 teaspoons oregano before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 Vidalia onions, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 10 Roma tomatoes, cored, seeded and roughly chopped about 2 12 pounds, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon chipotle powder, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, Flour, for dusting, 12 to 34 cup Caramelized OnionTomato Jam, 3 Roma tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, 1 Japanese eggplant, sliced 14inch thick on a mandoline, 1 yellow squash, sliced 14inch thick on a mandoline, 1 zucchini, sliced 14inch thick on a mandoline, 1 to 2 roasted red peppers, julienned, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, divided, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese], title: Ratatouille Tart with Caramelized OnionTomato Jam, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 47231: {instructions: Heat a medium size pan over high heat. Saute the garlic with olive oil and toss the heirloom tomatoes until heated through, approximately 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Toss in 14 cup of the fresh basil before serving dish.nPeel and dice the potatoes and place in a small bowl. Blanch the potatoes lightly in salted water and rinse in ice water to keep the color.nMix the cooled, cooked potatoes with the flour, eggs, and roasted garlic. Form mixture into a dough. Roll the dough onto a lightly floured surface, into a snake approximately 12inch thick. Cut into 12 inch pieces and using your hands, roll each piece into balls.nCook the dumplings in boiling water. Cook for approximately 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the dumplings and toss with the Heirloom tomato ragu.nTo serve, add the remaining torn fresh basil, and serve immediately on a large platter., ingredients: [1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups assorted color Heirloom tomatoes, Salt and pepper, 14 cup fresh basil, torn, plus 14 cup, 1 pound Peruvian purple potatoes, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 cup flour, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon roasted garlic, crushed], title: Peruvian Purple Potato Dumplings with Ragout of Heirloom Tomatoes and Basil, picturelink: null}, 47232: {instructions: To make the pasta, put flour on a cutting board, making a well in the center of the flour. Put the eggs, water, salt, basil, and oil in the well. Slowly incorporate flour to well until you have a sticky ball of dough. Add more flour if necessary. Start your kneading process by using the balls of your handsworking the dough until all ingredients are mixed well and dough is dry to the touch.nDivide the pasta in 4 pieces, flatten each piece about 3 by 2 inches, or a thumb nail thickness. Set the pasta machine on the highest setting and put the dough through the machine 3 times a setting until you get to the second to lowest setting at which you will have 4 sheets of pasta. Trim the pasta sheets to make each sheet square. Cut the pasta sheets into smaller squares about 3 inches long. Place a kiss in the middle of the square laying another square on top. Dip a fork into water and press the ravioli together on all 4 sides the water acts as the glue. Put the ravioli in boiling water for 3 minutes.nTo make the sauce, add the strawberries, sugar and remaining 3 tablespoons water and blend until smooth. Put a spoonful of the puree on the plate and place the ravioli on top of the sauce. Add some fresh mint, extra chocolate candy kisses, and sliced strawberries for garnish., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, 3 tablespoons water, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup chopped mint, plus 1 whole leaf for garnish, Chocolate kisses recommended: Hersheys, 1 pint fresh strawberries, plus more for garnish, 1 cup sugar], title: Mint Infused Ravioli Sealed with a Chocolate Candy Over a Strawberry Puree, picturelink: null}, 47233: {instructions: In a large, heavybottomed skillet, heat about 1inch of oil to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Add walnuts and blanch for 30 seconds. Drain and transfer nuts to a medium bowl. While nuts are still hot and slightly wet, add confectioners sugar and toss to coat nuts. Stir and toss until all the sugar has melted into the nuts if bits of unmelted sugar remain on the nuts, they will not fry properly.nStir the nuts again before frying. Using a large slotted spoon, transfer a few nuts to the hot oil, allowing the foam to subside before adding another spoonful. Otherwise, the oil could foam over and burn you. Fry in small batches until the nuts are medium brown, about 45 seconds be careful not to overcook. Scatter on an unlined baking sheet to cool slightly.nIn a small bowl, stir together cayenne, cinnamon, a pinch of salt, and pepper.nWhile the nuts are still warm, transfer them to a bowl and sprinkle evenly with about half of the spice mix. Toss well to distribute the spices and then taste a nut. Add more spice mix, to taste, and toss well after each addition. When cool, pack in an airtight jar. They will keep at room temperature for at least 2 weeks., ingredients: [Peanut or canola oil, 4 cups walnut halves, 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, or more to taste, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Spiced Candied Walnuts, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 47234: {instructions: Combine the strawberries with all of the ingredients but the whipped cream. Marinate at room temperature for 1 to 2 hours. Serve in wine glasses topped with whipped cream., ingredients: [1 pint strawberries, rinsed, hulled, and halved, 1 tablespoon sugar, Orange liqueur, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 to 2 tablespoons orange juice, Whipped cream sweetened with confectioners sugar], title: Classic Strawberries Romanoff, picturelink: null}, 47235: {instructions: FOR THE GARLIC CLOVES: Remove the ends and any blemished spots from the garlic cloves and place them in a small nonreactive saucepan with balsamic vinegar to cover. Bring the vinegar to a boil. Then lower the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally until the vinegar becomes syrupy and the garlic cloves soften. Remove from heat, cool and pour into a glass canning jar or heat resistant container. Use as desired in the salad below or in any salad.nFOR THE SALAD: Wash the greens and remove any tough stems and discolored spots. Place them in a salad bowl with 3 tablespoons of the garlic cloves. Sprinkle the grated cheese on the top, drizzle with the balsamic vinegar and olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup peeled garlic cloves, Balsamic Vinegar if the vinegar is to pungent, you may wish to add a 14 teaspoon or so of demerara sugar, 2 bunches arugula, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese to taste, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Arugula Salad with Marinated Garlic Cloves, picturelink: null}, 47236: {instructions: In a skillet over medium low heat, heat cream. Add cognac or dry sherry, lemon and orange zest and salt. Simmer sauce 7 to 10 minutes. Add mint and basil to the sauce. Toss hot, drained pasta with sauce and grated cheese. Transfer to serving dish or dinner plates., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons cognac or dry sherry, 1 lemon, zested, 1 large navel orange, zested, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 2 tablespoons fresh mint, chopped, about 3 sprigs, 12 leaves fresh basil, shredded or torn, 12 pound linguini, cooked to al dente, or 34 pound fresh linguini, cooked to al dente, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Pasta del Magnifico alla Garga, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 47237: {instructions: Roast the whole poblano over an open flame on your stovetop until all sides are charred black, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Let rest in a paper bag until cool, about 15 minutes. Peel off the charred skin, and then remove the stem, seeds and ribs. Mince the pepper. Stir together the minced poblano with the mayo, honey, cumin, garlic and some salt.nIn a food processor, process the egg yolks, lemon juice and Dijon for 10 seconds. Slowly stream in the oil while the food processor is running, until emulsified, 25 to 30 seconds, scraping down sides if necessary. Season with salt., ingredients: [1 small poblano pepper, 1 cup storebought or Homemade Mayo, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt, 4 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 cups grapeseed or vegetable oil, Salt], title: Roasted Poblano Mayo, picturelink: null}, 47238: {instructions: Drain the yogurt in a cheeseclothlined strainer set over a bowl for 1 hour.nIn a bowl, combine all ingredients. Serve as a salad dressing or as an accompaniment with spicy foods, such as vegetable curry., ingredients: [2 cups yogurt, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon parsley, minced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped mint, 12 teaspoon cumin, ground, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large pinch salt, Ground white pepper, to taste], title: Cucumber Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: null}, 47239: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Put a dry, wellseasoned 9 to 9 12inch cast iron skillet in middle of oven to heat. Stir together cornmeal, baking soda, and salt, crushing any small bits of baking soda. Whisk eggs in another bowl until blended and whisk in buttermilk. Remove hot skillet from oven carefully and add butter, swirling gently to coat bottom and sides of skillet. Whisk hot butter into buttermilk mixture and return skillet to oven. Stir cornmeal into buttermilk mixture just until moistened. The batter doesnt have to be smooth, a few small lumps are good. Scrape batter into hot skillet and bake until golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Invert skillet over a platter and cool bread at least 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 cups yellow cornmeal preferably stoneground, 34 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 1 34 cups wellshaken buttermilk, 12 stick unsalted butter, softened], title: Skillet Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 47240: {instructions: For the spicy mayonnaise: Whisk together the mayonnaise and pickle juice in a small bowl. Add the sriracha, a little at a time, adding more to your taste.nFor the pickle mix: Stir together the chopped pickles and grainy mustard. Set aside.nFor the burgers: Put the meat in a large bowl and spread it all over the bottom and a little up the sides. This will help distribute the seasoning evenly throughout the meat. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Stir in the mayonnaise.nTest the seasoning by taking a tiny piece of the meat mixture and forming it into a patty. Set a small skillet over medium heat, add a touch of oil and sear the patty on each side. Let cool slightly and taste. If it needs more salt and pepper, add it to the raw mixture. Repeat the test as needed.nDivide the meat into 8 equal patties 3 ounces each and roll each into a ball. Place the balls on a clean surface and use the palm of your hand to gently flatten to 34inch thick and 2 to 3 inches in diameter. Alternatively, use a round cookie cutter to mold the burgers into uniform rounds by pressing the meat into the mold and making the burgers one by one. Make an indent in the middle of each patty as the meat cooks the center of the patty will puff up this will keep the thickness even.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a large castiron skillet over high heat and add just enough canola oil to coat the bottom. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, add the burgers in a single layer with space in between each, cooking in batches if needed. Press the patties down with a metal spatula so they are fairly thin and cook, undisturbed, until the edges brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip using a metal spatula and place a slice of cheese on top of each to melt as the burgers finish cooking. Cook to desired doneness, 3 to 5 minutes longer.nPlace the bun halves on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until light brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Place a dollop of spicy mayonnaise on the bottom halves but dont spread it around. Top with the hamburgers followed by pickle mix, more spicy mayo, and another hamburger. Finish with more pickle mix, spicy mayo and the top buns. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, Splash pickle juice, 1 to 1 12 tablespoons sriracha hot sauce, 1 large halfsour pickle, chopped into 14inch pieces about 12 cup, 1 tablespoon grainy mustard, 1 34 pounds ground turkey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, Canola oil, for searing burgers, 8 slices American cheese, 4 potato hamburger buns, halved], title: Double Decker Turkey Patty Melt, picturelink: pWYttaDyI4yRyxNA4bFss1puuy2CBQK}, 47241: {instructions: In a mortar and pestle or a coffee grinder reserved for grinding spices, grind the peppercorns, cumin seeds, and salt until fine. Transfer the spices to a small bowl and add the lime juice. Prick the fish all over with a fork and rub the seasoning paste well into the skin. Set the fish in an ovenproof dish and leave to marinate at room temperature for about I hour, loosely covered.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees. In a mortar and pestle or a blender, combine the garlic, green pepper, green onions, oregano, vinegar, green tomatoes, water and salt and blend to a smooth sauce. Lift up the fish in their dish and scatter 2 tablespoons of the olive oil underneath each1 Drizzle the remaining oil over the top of the fish and rub it in. Spoon the salsa verde over the top. Cover the dish and cook the fish in the oven for 20 minutes, then carefully turn it over and baste with the sauce. Cover again and cook for 15 to 20 minutes more. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 whole pompano I 14 to 1 12 pound each, scaled and gutted with heads and tails left on, or substitute paloma, or 1 4 pound striped bass see Note, 5 peppercorns, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon salt, Juice of a large lime, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 12 green pepper, stemmed, seeded, and coarsely chopped, I Serrano chile, stemmed, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 12 small bunch cilantro, leaves only, coarsely chopped, 12 small bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves only, coarsely chopped, 6 green onions, trimmed and coarsely chopped, Pinch of oregano, I tablespoon mild white vinegar, I pound green unripe tomatoes, cored and coarsely chopped, 13 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Pompano en Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 47242: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 3 inches of the oil in a deep fryer to 325 degrees F. Alternatively, use a deep heavy skillet.nPeel the potatoes and cut them into chips that is, fries about the size of your index finger. Put the potatoes in a fryer basket and lower into the oil. Fry the chips for 2 to 3 minutes they should not be crisp or fully cooked at this point. Remove the chips to a paper towellined platter to drain.nCrank the oil temperature up to 375 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, salt and pepper. Combine soda water and egg and pour into the flour mixture. Whisk to a smooth batter. Spread the rice flour on a plate. Dredge the fish pieces in the rice flour and then dip them into the batter, letting the excess drip off.nPut the chips in the bottom of the fryer basket and carefully submerge in the hot oil. Carefully lower the battered fish into the bubbling oil on top of the chips. Fry the fish and chips for 4 to 5 minutes until crispy and brown. Remove the basket and drain the fish and chips on paper towels season lightly with salt. Serve wrapped in a newspaper cone with malt vinegar andor tartar sauce., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 3 large russet potatoes, 2 cups rice flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 3 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 12ounce can soda water, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 8ounce cod or haddock fillets, cut in 12 on an angle, 12 cup rice flour, for dredging, Malt vinegar, for serving], title: Fish and Chips, picturelink: GfXga8kylcpCqs6kTduW3KAq9qqqna}, 47243: {instructions: Nail the trout skin side down to the boards. Coat trout with oil and season. Prop up close to the fire and let cook for about 7 to 10 minutes. Check for doneness by looking for the flesh to start to separate.nCombine in a bowl and let marinate for 20 minutes.nCarefully transfer trout from the boards to a plate and garnish with a heaping mound of salsa. EnjoynVariations: Drizzle some soy sauce and sesame oil mixed with minced ginger and garlic on prior to cooking. Sprinkle with a barbecue rub spice mix. Lemon with chopped garlic and parsley, ingredients: [4 cedar planks soaked in water for 1 hour, 4 whole trout, deboned, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 avocados, peeled, and cut in small dice, 3 tomatoes, cut in 14inch pieces, seed part removed and cut in small dice, 1 medium red onion, cut in small dice, 12 bunch cilantro, chopped roughly, 2 jalapenos, seeded and minced, 2 ounces lime juice, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Cedar Plank Trout with AvocadoTomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 47244: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Place chicken bones in single layer in one or two roasting pans. Place in oven and roast 40 to 60 minutes until well browned. Remove from oven and place bones in large stockpot. Add onion, celery, carrots and garlic to one roasting pan. Stir to coat with chicken juices, and return to oven. Roast 20 minutes until beginning to caramelize. Stir in tomato paste and roast another 15 minutes. Remove from oven and remove vegetables to stockpot. Add wine to roasting pan and scrape up browned bits. placing over a burner if necessary to loosen caramelized bits. Pour into stockpot. If you used 2 roasting pans for the bones, pour a little water or wine into the second one and scrape up caramelized juices add to stockpot. Add herbs and peppercorns to stockpot, along with the contents of your stock bag, if using, then add enough cold water to generously cover the contents by 3 inches or so. Bring to a simmer over high heat then skim foam, reduce heat to very low, and simmer very gently 4 to 6 hours until all cartilage has melted off the bones. Strain through a coarse strainer into a large metal bowl, cool at room temperature 2 hours, then place in fridge uncovered until chilled thoroughly, then cover. Will keep for 2 days until made into soup or reduced and frozen as above to have on hand. Strain through fine mesh strainer before using or freezing., ingredients: [6 pounds assorted chicken bones, ideally a mixture of backs, necks, wings and legs, 3 medium onions, peeled and halved horizontally, 3 stalks celery, cut into chunks, 3 carrots, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 head garlic, cut in half horizontally, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup dry white or red wine, Several sprigs of parsley, Several sprigs of thyme, 2 bay leaves, 10 peppercorns, Contents of your stock bag, optional, explained above.], title: Brown Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 47245: {instructions: Combine the seasoning mix ingredients in a small bowl.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter with the olive oil in a 14inch skillet or 5 quart pot, preferably nonstick, over high heat. As soon as the butter begins to sizzle, add all the vegetables, seasoning mix, and garlic. Stir well, then cover and cook, uncovered to stir and scrape the bottom of the pan frequently, for 4 minutes. You will see that the vegetables color is a little brighter and their texture is somewhat more tender, and the fragrance is crisp and earthy. Continue to cook, still uncovering to stir and scrape, until the vegetables begin to brown, about 4 minutes longer. Now the fennel will be wilted, transparent and tender, and the bottom of the pan will be dry. At this point the vegetables are partially cooked, but still retain some of their crunch. Add the tomato sauce, stir, recover and cook, uncovering every 2 or 3 minutes to stir, scrape and check to be sure the mixture is not going to scorch. Do this just until the vegetables are pasty and thickly coated with sauce, and the liquid has evaporated, about 7 to 8 minutes. If you feel that there might be a risk of overbrowning, then lower the heat slightly. Add the stock, brown sugar, and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Stir very well and cook just until the butter is thoroughly melted into the sauce and the vegetables are tender, except for the celery which should still have a little crunch, about 2 to 3 minutes. Serve over hot pasta., ingredients: [2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon Chef Paul Prudhommes Meat Magicr, 1 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 34 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, in all, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups onion, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup red bell peppers, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup yellow bell peppers, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup green bell pepper, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 large parsnips, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 medium butternut squash, cut into 12inch pieces, 5 stalks celery, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 fresh fennel bulb, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 1 cup vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon lightly packed dark brown sugar], title: St. Josephs Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 47246: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill to medium.nFor the pepper relish:nGrill the Fresno and bell peppers until they are BLACK on the outside. Put in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let rest for 10 minutes. Uncover the bowl and allow the peppers to cool. Remove the black char from the outside of the peppers and remove the seeds. Coarsely chop all the peppers and place in a medium bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and combine. Let sit for at least 1 hour before using.Tip: This is great do ahead thing, or make a big batch and keep it, indefinitely, in the refrigerator.nFor the sandwich assembly:nCut the ciabatta rolls in half lengthwise, leaving 1 long side intact. Scoop out the inside and discard. Combine the vinegar and olive oil in a small bowl and brush on the inside of each roll. Be sure to evenly and thoroughly cover all parts of the bread, dont miss any corners. You may have some vinegarolive oil leftover.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLay 4 pieces of provolone cheese inside each roll. Spread an even layer of the pepper relish on 1 side of each roll. Again, make sure it is an even layer, every bite needs to be the same Crinkle 2 pieces of ham and gently lay them in a fluffy even layer on the pepper relish. Repeat this process with the mortadella. It is very important that the meat is crinkled and NOT folded in a flat piece. A folded hunk of meat results in a thick dense sandwich that is difficult to eat. Also be sure that the ham and mortadella are evenly distributed throughout the sandwich. Close the sandwich and give a little press to secure. Wrap the sandwich in foil.nTo finish the sandwich:nBake the sandwich in the preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until the cheese is melted and the sandwich is hot all the way through. A panino press is also a great way to heat this up.nServe on individual plates and enjoy.nA great sandwich is truly a thing of beauty, ingredients: [12 pound Fresno peppers, 2 red bell peppers, 3 cloves garlic, sliced thin on the mandoline, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 ciabatta sandwich rolls, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound provolone cheese, sliced, 12 pound ham, sliced thinly, 12 pound mortadella, sliced thin], title: Ham and Mortadella Sandwich with Provolone and Pickled Hot Pepper Relish, picturelink: zpshsJ8IiC9tkUITFEVuik47vau6y}, 47247: {instructions: Combine the tomatillos, cilantro, poblano, onion, lime juice and 1 teaspoon salt in a blender. Pulse until broken down but still chunky, scraping the inside of the carafe as necessary., ingredients: [6 tomatillos, husks removed, charred under the broiler for 5 minutes, 12 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves and thin stems only, 12 poblano pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 small red onion, minced, Juice of 1 lime about 2 tablespoons, Kosher salt], title: Blender Salsa Verde, picturelink: XAYitQrRehKPHFlbdFiDP1xREaQXq6}, 47248: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 12 muffintin wells or line them with paper muffin cups.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt reserve.nIn a large bowl, using an electric mixer set on mediumhigh speed, beat together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the egg and vanilla and beat well. Beat in the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternately with buttermilk.nSpoon into the prepared muffin tins, filling each cup about 23 full. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 16 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, let cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then transfer to a rack and let cool to room temperature.nTo make the icing, place the egg whites in a bowl. Using an electric mixer set on high speed, beat until soft peaks form. Add the confectioners sugar, vanilla, and orange juice and continue to beat until thick and shiny. If too thick, add more orange juice. If too thin, add more confectioners sugar.nTransfer 13 of the icing to a small bowl and color with black or dark brown food coloring. Spoon this dark icing into a pastry bag fitted with a tip, or pour it into a plastic squeeze bottle.nNow, ice the cupcakes and make the cobwebs: Spoon the white icing into the center of the cupcake and spread with a small spatula or butter knife. Starting at the center of a cupcake, pipe a spiral of the dark icing from the center to the outer edge. Then, drag a sharp knife point from the center of the spiral to the edge of the cupcake. Wipe the knife clean, move about a 12inch to the left or right and drag the knife in the opposite direction from the outer edge to the middle of the cupcake. Continue in this way until you have worked your way around the cupcake and formed the cobweb. Repeat with the remaining cupcakes., ingredients: [2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, preferably Dutchprocess, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, softened, 112 cups sugar, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 egg whites, 212 to 3 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, Black or dark brown food coloring], title: Cocoa Cobweb Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 47249: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPat pork dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nHeat oil in a 10inch nonstick skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown pork, turning, about 4 minutes. Transfer to an oiled shallow baking pan.nAdd butter to skillet and cook garlic over moderate heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Remove pan from heat and stir in crumbs, sage, and salt and pepper, to taste.nSpread mustard over pork and pat half of seasoned crumbs onto mustard, then sprinkle with remaining seasoned crumbs. Roast in middle of oven until an instantread thermometer inserted diagonally 2inches into meat registers 140 degrees F, 10 to 15 minutes. Check after 15 minutes to see if crumbs are getting too dark if they are, tent loosely with foil. Transfer to a cutting board, then tent loosely with foil and let stand 10 minutes before slicing temperature will rise to 160 degrees. Garnish with sage leaves., ingredients: [1 1pound pork tenderloin, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup crumbled corn muffin, or 2 corn toaster cakes, crumbled, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh sage, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard], title: Roasted Pork Tenderloin with Sage Cornbread Crust, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 47250: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Mix the chicken with 34 cup of barbecue sauce. Brush 14 cup of barbecue sauce over the pizza crust.nScatter the chicken pieces and scallions on top of the crust. Sprinkle the cheese evenly over the other ingredients.nBake the pizza about 10 minutes, until it is heated through and the cheese is melted.nCooks Note: You can also use leftover barbecued chicken, or coat boneless, diced chicken breast with barbecue sauce and microwave, covered, until the chicken is cooked through 3 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup store bought roast chicken, shredded see note, 1 cup barbecue sauce, 1 prebaked 12inch pizza crust, 14 cup chopped scallions, including most of the green part, 34 cup grated mozzarella], title: Barbecued Chicken Pizza, picturelink: null}, 47251: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with paper muffin liners.nPeel the bananas and add to a large bowl. Add the agave syrup and mash the bananas with a fork until very liquefied but still a little lumpy.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan or skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the milk solids have turned a nutty golden brown.nTo the brown butter, add about 1 cup of the mashed banana mixture and whisk to combine. Cook for a few more minutes until a darker golden color is achieved. Add to the remaining mashed banana mixture and whisk to combine, then whisk in the egg. Fold in the flour, in 2 batches, with a rubber spatula, until just combined do not over mix. With an ice cream scoop, evenly divide the batter among the muffin tin cups.nBake in the center of the oven until golden brown and the tops spring back when pressed, about 25 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes in the pan, then transfer the muffins to a rack to cool completely. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 ripe bananas, 13 cup raw agave syrup or honey, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 large egg, 1 34 cups selfrising flour], title: Brown Butter Banana Muffins, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 47252: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nFor the biscuits: Add both flours, sugar, baking powder, chai spice, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice and salt in the bowl of a food processor. Sprinkle with both extracts and pulse to combine. Add the butter and shortening and pulse 6 to 8 times until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing until the dry ingredients are just moistened. Remove the dough from the processor bowl, flatten into a disk shape, wrap tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 to 40 minutes.nFor the cream: Whip the cream cheese and yogurt in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in the sugar, fresh ginger, crystallized ginger and both extracts until evenly combined. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until serving.nFor the cobblers: Add the mangoes, strawberries, blueberries, lemon juice, cornstarch, sugar and mint to a large bowl and stir to combine. Lightly spray 6 8ounce baking bowls with cooking spray. Evenly divide the fruit mixture into the bowls and arrange on a rimmed baking sheet.nRoll out the reserved dough, on lightly floured marble or a flat surface, to 14inch thickness. Cut the dough into 6 rounds or decorative shapes slightly smaller than the width of the bowl. Put 1 piece of dough on top of each cobbler. Brush the dough evenly with egg wash.nBake the cobblers for 20 minutes, then reduce the heat to 350 degrees F. Bake until the pastry is lightly browned and the fruit is tender and bubbling on the edges, about 5 to 7 minutes longer. Remove from the oven and transfer the bowls to a wire rack. Let cool for 20 to 25 minutes before serving.nDollop ginger cream on each cobbler and sprinkle with toasted almonds. Garnish with mint sprigs, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [34 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, plus 2 tablespoons, for work surface, 2 tablespoons cake flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons chai spice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon mango extract, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut in small cubes, 1 tablespoon cold butterflavored shortening, 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup fatfree vanilla yogurt, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger, including juices, 2 teaspoons minced crystallized ginger, 12 teaspoon organic coconut extract, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 3 cups peeled, pitted and diced fresh mango about 2 mangoes, 1 cup trimmed and sliced fresh strawberries, 12 cup fresh blueberries, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, Scant 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, Cooking spray, 1 egg beaten with 1 teaspoon cold water, for egg wash, 3 tablespoons toasted sliced almonds, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish, optional], title: Minted MangoBerry Cobblers with Chai Biscuits and Fresh Ginger Cream, picturelink: srKltxkGJDDMpSNPmQGf05R2CsdFwtK}, 47253: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGet grill or grill pan hot. Spray 1 side of wraps with cooking spray. Place that side down, char the wraps, as many as will fit on your grill or grill pan at the same time, 30 seconds on the first side. Spray opposite side lightly with vegetable cooking spray and turn. Arrange a layer of sliced brie with herbs across half of each flour wrap. Sprinkle cheese with chives and tarragon fold quesadillas in half, covering cheese. Lightly press down on quesadillas, turn and cook 30 seconds longer. Cut into wedges and serve with sour cream and salsa, if desired., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 4 large spinach flavor flour wraps, available on dairy aisle of larger markets, 12 inch diameter, 34 pound brie with herbs, sliced, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, Sour cream, optional garnish, Salsa, optional garnish], title: Grilled Green Quesadillas with Brie and Herbs, picturelink: .F85BCEl1F1DvS6nci2cWJmy1yXTIei}, 47254: {instructions: Cook the pasta in boiling, salted water to al dente. Drain the pasta, reserving 1 cup of the cooking water. Return the pasta to the pot and set aside.nIn a large saute pan, add the bacon and cook until the fat is rendered and the bacon is crispy. Add the zucchini and cook until it starts to soften. Place the cooked pasta over low heat. Add the reserved pasta water, cooked bacon, zucchini and the grated cheese. Toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound penne rigate pasta, 4 ounces bacon, sliced into 12inch pieces, 2 pounds zucchini, about 2 large, diced, 12 to 1 cup reserved pasta water, 34 cup very loosely packed, finely grated ParmigianoReggiano, Coarse salt and cracked black pepper], title: Pasta with Zucchini, Bacon and Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 47255: {instructions: Preheat grill to medium.nTrim asparagus approximately 1 12 inches from the bottoms. Slightly peel the asparagus from just below the tip to the end. Put into a large bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and toss.nWrap the ham tightly around each asparagus stalk. Put on the grill and cook the asparagus turning frequently until slightly charred, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 bunch large asparagus, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons coarse ground black pepper, 14 pound thinly sliced capicola ham, halved], title: Grilled Ham Wrapped Asparagus, picturelink: JeVoY3uHii4E35WoooyrATXurn1drW}, 47256: {instructions: Add a goodsized handful of ice to a 24ounce big girl beer glass. Add 8 ounces of the lemonade to the glass. Slowly, carefully, add the bottle of beer to the glass go too fast and its a mess. Add the vodka, then top it off with the last ounce of lemonade. Stir once, with a mighty long spoon. Squeeze the lemon slice over the top and drop it in., ingredients: [ice cubes, 1 bottle beer go with a nice American brew in this one, such as Miller High Life, 9 oz. fresh lemonade, 112 oz. vodka, lemon slice for garnish], title: Summer Beer, picturelink: null}, 47257: {instructions: In a mediumsize, heavy soup pot, melt 2 tablespoons butter over mediumhigh heat. When it foams, add onion and saffron, and cook, stirring, until onion is transparent and saffron is melted, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, add rice, salt, and pepper, and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until well coated, about 1 minute. Add wine, and simmer gently until the liquid is absorbed, 3 to 5 minutes. Add 12 cup chicken stock, stir, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is absorbed. Repeat, adding 12 cup stock at a time, until the rice is cooked through but still firm, 20 to 25 minutes total. Add the remaining tablespoon butter and the Parmesan. Mix well, add salt to taste, and serve immediately, sprinkled with parsley, if desired.nPlace peppercorns, dill, parsley, bay leaves, leeks, carrots, celery, chicken, wings, and backs into a large stockpot. Add stock and 6 cups cold water. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a very gentle simmer, and cook for 45 minutes. Liquid should just bubble up to the surface. A skin will form on the surface of the liquid skim this off with a slotted spoon, and discard. Repeat as needed. After 45 minutes, remove chicken from the pot, and set aside until it is cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones, set the meat aside, and return the bones to the pot. Shred the chicken, and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use. Continue to simmer the stock, on the lowest heat possible, for 3 hours, skimming as needed. The chicken bones will begin to disintegrate. Strain the stock through a fine sieve into a very large bowl. Discard the solids. Place the bowl in an ice bath, and let cool to room temperature. Transfer to airtight containers. Stock may be refrigerated for 3 days or frozen for 4 months. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight. If storing, leave fat layer intact to the seal the stock. Before using, remove the layer of fat that has collected on the surface.nYield: 5 quarts, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium red onion, minced, 1 large pinch saffron threads, 1 12 cups arborio rice do not rinse, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 to 4 cups Homemade Chicken Stock recipe follows, vegetable stock, or lowsodium canned, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley, optional, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 6 sprigs fresh dill or 2 teaspoons dried dill, 6 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 leeks, washed, white and palegreen parts only, cut into 13, 2 carrots, scrubbed, cut into 13, 2 stalks celery, cut into 13, 1 4pound chicken, cut into 6 pieces, 1 12 pounds chicken wings, 1 12 pounds chicken backs, 2 48ounce cans lowsodium chicken broth, about 12 cups, 6 cups cold water], title: Marks Risotto alla Milanese, picturelink: null}, 47258: {instructions: Put the cream, milk and sugar in a large saucepan. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean and add to the liquid, along with the vanilla bean. Heat gently over low heat, stirring until the sugar has dissolved. Bring slowly to a boil, and then turn down to a simmer for 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and discard the vanilla pod.nMeanwhile, soak the gelatin leaves in cold water for 5 minutes. Drain and squeeze the gelatin leaves to remove the excess water and add the cream mixture, whisking until dissolved. Pass through a sieve, leave to cool in the fridge for about 10 minutes.nPlace 4 plain tartlet molds on a baking sheet. Grease the molds with a drop of oil then line with plastic wrap, leaving the excess hanging over the sides.nArrange the Sweet Tomato Petals over the bottom of each mold. Pour in the panna cotta and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.nTo serve, gently pull the ends of the plastic wrap to loosen the panna cotta from the sides of the molds. Invert each one on to a plate and carefully shake to loosen. Remove the plastic wrap, and then garnish with dots of aged balsamic and basil leaves.nPut the sugar and 1 cup water in a medium saucepan. Dissolve the sugar over low heat, stirring from time to time. Once the sugar has dissolved, increase the heat and bring to a boil. Cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and drop in the tomato petals. Steep the tomatoes in the sugar for 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the petals from the syrup and drain on paper towels. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and place the petals on top. Place in the oven for about 5 minutes, turning over halfway, until they dry out a little., ingredients: [2 12 cups heavy cream, 14 cup milk, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split, 2 gelatin leaves, Oil, for greasing, Sweet Tomato Petals, recipe follows, Aged balsamic vinegar, for garnish, Micro basil leaves, for garnish, 1 cup sugar, 6 tomatoes, skinned, quartered and deseeded], title: Vanilla Panna Cotta with Sweet Tomato Petals and Aged Balsamic, picturelink: null}, 47259: {instructions: Put half of the red grapes and half of the white grapes in the freezer, for garnish. Put the remaining grapes in a large bowl and smash them with a whisk or fingers.nAdd the smashed grape to a large pitcher and pour in the grape juice and honey. Stir in about 16 ounces of vodka. Fill glasses about 12 full with the grape juice mixture and top with a splash of seltzer. Drop and few frozen grapes into each glass for a festive garnish that doubles as an ice cube, ingredients: [1 bunch red seedless grapes, stemmed and washed about 1 pound, 1 bunch white seedless grapes, stemmed and washed about 1 pound, 1 quart chilled grape juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 16 ounces vodka, 2 cups chilled seltzer, club soda, or naturally sparkling water], title: Quick Grape Spritzer, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 47260: {instructions: Make the noodles: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles, stir and cook until al dente, 2 to 4 minutes. Drain, then rinse under cold water and transfer to a bowl. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon sesame oil and toss to coat.nHeat a wok or large skillet over high heat until smoking and add the peanut oil. Add the ginger, chiles and garlic and stirfry 30 seconds add the ground beef and cook, breaking up the meat with a spatula, until browned, 2 to 3 minutes.nCombine the tahini and the remaining 1 teaspoon sesame oil in a small bowl. Add the cornichons to the wok. Stir in the tahini mixture, soy sauce, rice wine, vinegar and ground peppercorns cook until the beef begins to crisp, 2 to 3 more minutes. Season with white pepper and remove from the heat.nPrepare the toppings: Bring the chicken broth to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Combine the chili oil, sesame oil, soy sauce, ground peppercorns and chiles in a small bowl.nDivide the noodles among bowls and sprinkle the beef mixture evenly over each. Pour the hot broth over the noodles top with the chili oil mixture, scallions and cilantro.nPhotograph by Ralph Smith, ingredients: [Sea salt, 1 pound flat Asian wheat noodles such as udon, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled ginger, 3 red Fresno chile peppers, seeded and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 8 ounces ground beef, 1 tablespoon tahini sesame paste, 12 cup finely diced cornichons or sweet gherkins, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Shaoxing rice wine or dry sherry, 1 tablespoon Chinkiang black rice vinegar or balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground Sichuan peppercorns, Freshly ground white pepper, For the toppings:, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup chili oil, 14 cup toasted sesame oil, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon ground Sichuan peppercorns, 3 red Fresno chile peppers, seeded and finely diced, 2 large scallions, thinly sliced, 1 small handful fresh cilantro, finely chopped], title: Dan Dan Noodles, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 47261: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak the cedar plank overnight.nPreheat the grill to high.nCombine all of the seasoning ingredients.nPut the cedar plank on the grill and heat, covered, for a few minutes. Season the top of the salmon liberally with potlatch seasoning and put it on the cedar plank. Cook, covered, 7 to 9 minutes for mediumrare., ingredients: [1 cedar plank, large enough to accommodate the salmon, 4 parts kosher salt, 3 parts each chili powder and black pepper, 1 part each ground cumin, crushed red pepper flakes, celery salt, garlic powder, onion powder, dried oregano, 1 pound salmon filet, skin on], title: Cedar Plank Salmon with Potlatch Seasoning, picturelink: MwkK6jb3Of.TRIFbFvJessk1dL3Tiy}, 47262: {instructions: Boil the potatoes with their skin on. Remove the potatoes from the heat after 15 to 20 minutes, or when ready for this salad, the potatoes should be almost fully cooked through but still very slightly undercooked in the center. Cool. Then, peel and cut into small dice.nLightly salt and sear the cod on all sides in a hot pan until you get a nice toasted brown crust on all sides, and it just cooks through approximately 2 minutes on each side.Then flake the cod and set aside.nPeel the oranges, remove the segments without the membranes, reserve 16 segments whole and roughly chop the rest into chunky pieces.nFinely chop the onion.nRemove the seeds from the tomatoes and chop them as finely as possible.nIn a bowl, combine the diced potatoes, flaked cod, chopped onion, chopped orange pieces and chopped tomatoes. Dress the ingredients right in the bowl, with the chopped olives, olive oil, white wine vinegar, Espelette pepper and 1 to 1 12 teaspoons salt, or to taste. Fold together the ingredients to incorporate all the flavors well and chill for at least an hour.nTo serve, place individual cylinder molds in the center of each plate. Lightly pack the cod salad into molds. Place 4 reserved whole orange segments on top of each cod salad and tumble over about a dozen pomegranate seeds. Unmold the salads and serve chilled., ingredients: [1 pound potatoes, Salt, 8 ounces fresh cod fillet, centercut, skinless, 3 large or 4 medium, tart, sweet oranges, 1 medium white onion, finely chopped, 2 small tomatoes, blanched and peeled, 14 cup black olives, chopped a bitter, oily, wrinkled variety, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon ground Espelette pepper you can substitute ground cayenne pepper if Espelette pepper is not available, 1 pomegranate, seeds removed], title: Remojon Granadino  Granadian Cod and Orange Salad with Black Olives, picturelink: null}, 47263: {instructions: Bring 3 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat, covered. Uncover and slowly whisk in the grits, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parmesan and 1 tablespoon butter. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm.nMeanwhile, season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp, garlic and cayenne, if using, and cook, tossing, until the shrimp are pink, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and add 2 tablespoons water, the lemon juice and parsley stir to coat the shrimp with the sauce and season with salt and pepper.nDivide the grits among shallow bowls and top with the shrimp and sauce. Serve with lemon wedges.nPer serving: Calories 367 Fat 12 g Saturated 7 g Cholesterol 309 mg Sodium 904 mg Carbohydrate 26 g Fiber 1 g Protein 34 gn, ingredients: [34 cup instant grits, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails intact, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, Pinch of cayenne pepper optional, Juice of 12 lemon, plus wedges for serving, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: LemonGarlic Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: null}, 47264: {instructions: Soak the smoked and salted meats in a large pan overnight. The next morning, drain, rinse, and soak again until ready to cook. In a large heavy stock pot, heat the oil over medium low heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until they are softened and translucent. Add the garlic and cook for 3 minutes more, until the aroma is released. Tie the bay leaves, parsley, and thyme together to make a bouquet garni, and add it to the pan, along with the dried soaked meats, fresh meats, and the water. Bring slowly to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat and skim the fats and scum from the top. Cook for 1 hour, then add the beans, return to a simmer, and again skim any scum from the top. Simmer for another hour. As each piece of meat becomes fork tender, remove it, starting with the beef chuck and finishing with the salted meats. Place the cooked meats on a platter, cover with aluminum foil, and keep warm in a low oven. Remove all the meat and skin from the pigs trotter and dice it. Discard the bone and add the meat to the beans. Cut the carne seca into 12 inch dice and also return it to the beans. Continue cooking the beans for 20 minutes more, or until tender. Remove any fat or gristle from the remaining cuts of meat, then cube or slice it into bitesized pieces. Arrange the sliced chorizo, pork shoulder, bacon, fresh pork, and beef on one side of a large heated platter and place the beans on the other side if using the smoked tongue, traditionally it should be placed in the center of the platter. Serve hot, accompanied by Green Mineira Style, cooked white rice and orange segments., ingredients: [12 pound chorizo, 1 pound smoked pork shoulder, 1 pound lean bacon, in one piece, rind removed, 4 ounces smoked tongue optional, 12 pound carne seca, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 3 bay leaves, 3 sprigs parsley, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 pigs trotter, blanched and scraped, if necessary, 1 pound pork shoulder, 1 pound lean beef chuck, in one piece, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 12 quarts water, 4 cups black beans, picked over, soaked overnight, and drained, Greens MineiraStyle recipe attached, Cooked white rice, 5 oranges, peeled and cut into segments without the pith, then cut into 12 inch chunks], title: Feijoada Completa, picturelink: null}, 47265: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice the dates lengthwise threequarters of the way down. In a small bowl, press the cream into the blue cheese with a fork. Press a small scoop of the blue cheese into the center of the dates and close them back up. Cut each piece of bacon in half. Wrap each halved bacon strip around a date. Secure with a toothpick.nPlace the baconwrapped dates on a baking sheet. Bake until the bacon is crisp, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [24 large pitted dates, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 cup blue cheese, at room temperature, 1 pound thickcut bacon 12 slices], title: BaconWrapped Dates, picturelink: dEuJDBq3ESwyi3Ednq1bP3.KU.sItKW}, 47266: {instructions: For the Sauce:nIn a food processor, combine onion, red pepper, Scotch bonnets, papaya, and garlic and pulse to chop.nTransfer the finely chopped ingredients to a saucepan. Add lemon juice, malt vinegar, white wine, dry mustard, water, and sugar. Bring to a simmer over low heat. Cook slowly until the mixture is thickened, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the yellow mustard.nFor the chicken:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason the chicken well with salt and pepper on both sides. Place in a baking dish. Drizzle with olive oil and toss with thyme. Bake until the chicken is just cooked through, about 20 minutes.nRemove from the oven.nCuban Bread:nWhile the chicken is cooking, prepare the Cuban bread. Preheat a sandwich press or 2 cast iron skillets, 1 a little larger than the other. Slice the bread in 12 horizontally. Spread both cut sides with butter. Press the cut side together and place in the sandwich press. Close and toast until golden brown and the butter is melted. If using skillets, place the bread in the larger skillet. Top with the smaller, heated skillet and cook until both sides are golden brown and the butter is melted.nPreheat the broiler.nBrush the sauce on the chicken, coating well. Place in the broiler and broil until the sauce bubbles and starts to brown. Remove from the heat and serve with cuban bread, black beans, and yellow rice. Garnish with thyme sprigs., ingredients: [1 whole red onion, 1 cup diced red pepper, 2 seeded Scotch Bonnet peppers, 2 whole papayas, peeled and seeded, 1 bulb fresh garlic, separated into cloves and peeled, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 cup malt vinegar, 3 cups white wine, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 1 cup water, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups yellow mustard, 2 chickens, halved, Olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 4 pieces Cuban bread, Black beans and yellow rice, as accompaniment], title: Jimmy Buffetts Barbados Style Chicken, picturelink: null}, 47267: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nCream the butter and two sugars until light and fluffy in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the vanilla, then the eggs, one at a time, and mix well. Sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt and add to the butter with the mixer on low speed, mixing only until combined. Fold in the walnuts and chocolate chunks.nDrop the dough on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper, using a 1 34inchdiameter ice cream scoop or a rounded tablespoon. Dampen your hands and flatten the dough slightly. Bake for exactly 15 minutes the cookies will seem underdone. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly on the pan, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [12 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup light brown sugar, packed, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups chopped walnuts, 1 14 pounds semisweet chocolate chunks], title: Chocolate Chunk Cookies, picturelink: ejFZupSzjgesdpp3ko0PCwf7wImyU4u}, 47268: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, beat the butter and granulated sugar at medium speed with a mixer until creamy. Add the eggs, vanilla extract and rum extract, beating until combined. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, pumpkin pie spice and salt. Gradually add the flour mixture to the butter mixture, beating until combined. Wrap the dough in heavyduty plastic wrap and chill for 1 hour.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the dough to 14inch thickness. Use a 4inch pumpkin cookie cutter to cut out the dough. Place the dough on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until the edges are very lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Let the cookies cool on the pans for 2 minutes. Then remove and cool completely on wire racks. Spread the Cinnamon Cream Cheese frosting on the cookies if using. Garnish with sprinkles.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together cream cheese, butter and pumpkin pie spice with an electric mixer. Add in the powdered sugar in thirds., ingredients: [1 cup butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon rum extract, 3 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon salt, Cinnamon Cream Cheese frosting, recipe follows, optional, Sprinkles, for garnish, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 stick butter, 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice, 3 cups powdered sugar], title: Pumpkin Spice Cookies, picturelink: null}, 47269: {instructions: Preheat a griddle or nonstick skillet over medium heat.nPrick sausages with a fork and place in a large skillet then add 1inch of water to the pan. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil to the pan then bring water up to a boil then reduce the heat to medium. Let the sausages cook until the liquid evaporates 10 minutes. Work on the corn cakes, see below. Move the sausages off to 1 side of the pan to allow the casings to crisp and brown. Add peppers to the other side of the pan, season with salt and pepper and let them cook until just tender. Add hot peppers to sweet peppers and combine and douse the pan with a splash of pepper juice, just before you serve them.nFor the cakes, combine muffin mix with egg and 2 tablespoons of the butter u00bf heat it in the microwave on high for 15 seconds, with the milk, rosemary, chopped prosciutto and a few grinds of black pepper. Rub the griddle with remaining butter nested in a paper towel to lightly coat the cooking surface. Form 6 small cakes, 2 to 3 inches and cook cakes until golden on each side, then repeat with remaining mixture.nServe sausages with peppers on top and the cakes alongside drizzled with honey., ingredients: [2 packages chicken sausages, any flavors or brand, such as sundried tomato or garlic, 2 cups water, eyeball it, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons, 2 turns of the pan, 2 large cubanelle peppers long, Italian light green sweet peppers, seeded and thinly sliced, Salt and pepper, 4 hot red cherry peppers, chopped, A splash of hot pepper juice, 1 box 8 12 ounces corn muffin mix recommended: Jiffy, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 34 cup milk, 2 to 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 4 slices prosciutto, chopped, 12 cup honey], title: Sweet and Savory Menu: Rosemary Corn Cakes with Prosciutto and Chicken Sausages with Hot and Sweet Peppers, picturelink: null}, 47270: {instructions: Heat a 10inch heavy skillet over medium high heat.nSlice potatoes and onions very thin. Salt potatoes and onions. Add oil and butter to the pan. When the butter foams, add potatoes and onions to the skillet.nPlace a dinner plate on top of potatoes and weight it with any heavy object: a sack of flour, heavy canned goods, etc. Let the potatoes and onions crust, 2 to 3 minutes, then turn, replace weights, and let them crust again. Keep turning the potatoes and onions over for about 20 minutes, until they are evenly golden and crusted., ingredients: [1 12 pounds about 3 potatoes round, white thin skinned potatoes, 1 large sweet onion, Coarse salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Potatoes and Onions, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 47271: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the cinnamon, coriander, cumin, paprika, salt and olive oil. Rub the mixture evenly over the pork tenderloins. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to overnight.nPrepare a grill for high heat cooking. Place the tenderloins on the grill and cook until browned and nicely marked, 8 to 10 minutes. Turn the tenderloins and cook until a meat thermometer inserted into the center of each registers between 155 degrees F and 165 degrees F, 8 to 10 minutes longer. Transfer the tenderloins to a cutting board, tent with foil and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice and serve hot or at room temperature with Creamy Harissa Sauce.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the yogurt, lemon juice, oil, harissa and garlic until combined. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Two 1pound pork tenderloins, Creamy Harissa Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup Greek yogurt 8 ounces, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon harissa sauce , 1 clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper], title: Grilled Moroccan Spiced Pork Tenderloin with Creamy Harissa Sauce, picturelink: null}, 47272: {instructions: I love deepfried crispy chilli beef but deepfrying is not always healthy. So I have come up with a light but tasty alternative that cooks the beef in a fast and furious way  on the wok It is seasoned with some dried chilli spices and then placed on a bed of baby spinach leaves and dressed with a delicious sweet and tangy dressing.nThis is one of my favourite fast, delicious healthy suppers and I hope it gets your thumbs up. You can reduce the amount of sugar if you like.nFor the dressing:nTo make the sweet and sour dressing: Combine the light soy sauce, lemon juice, orange juice, groundnut oil, sugar, and honey, in a bowl. Whisk to blend the ingredients, and then add the very finely chopped cucumber, and chile. Stir, and set aside.nFor the beef:nHeat a wok over high heat, and add the groundnut oil. Add the beef to the hot wok, and stir quickly. Deglaze with the rice wine or sherry, and cook for a few seconds.nAdd the crushed dried chile flakes, light soy sauce, and white pepper. Cook to your preference: 1 minute longer for welldone or less than a minute for medium.nDress the serving plates with some of the baby spinach leaves, and sliced pak choy. Spoon some of the chile beef into the middle of the platter, and then drizzle generous amounts of the dressing over the top. Sprinkle the dish with finely diced mangos, and serve immediately., ingredients: [Sweet and Tangy Dressing, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 4 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 teaspoon groundnut oil peanut, 2 teaspoons caster sugar superfine, 1 tablespoon honey, 13 cucumber, halved lengthwise, seeded and very finely chopped, 1 medium green chile, seeded and very finely chopped, Chile Beef, 1 tablespoon groundnut oil peanut, 9 ounces beef fillet tenderloin, sliced into thin 14inch strips Cooks Note: You could use tail end of fillet for a less expensive cut., 1 teaspoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, Pinch crushed dried chile flakes, 1 teaspoon light soy sauce, Pinch freshly cracked white pepper, 1 large handful baby spinach leaves, washed, 2 heads greenstemmed pak choy bok choy, washed and sliced, 1 small mango, peeled, stoned and finely diced], title: Sweet and Tangy Chile Beef, picturelink: null}, 47273: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nIn a large bowl, drizzle the chicken, flank steak, and shrimp with olive oil and season on all sides with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the chicken until cooked through, about 6 to 8 minutes per side. Grill the flank steak to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium. Transfer the chicken and steak to a cutting board and let the meat rest for 5 minutes before slicing. Grill the shrimp until just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Grill the scallions until brown, about 2 to 3 minutes per side.nGrill the cheese for 10 seconds on each side. Transfer the shrimp, scallions and cheese to a large plate.nSauce:nIn a large heavy saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, tomatoes, and garlic. Cook until the onion is golden and very soft, about 8 minutes. Add the chiles, oregano, and cumin. Stir until fragrant, about for 2 minutes. Stir in 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow and simmer until the chiles are soft, about 2 minutes. Let the mixture cool slightly, about 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a blender or food processor, add the remaining 1 cup of water and blend until smooth. Strain the sauce into a medium saucepan and simmer until slightly thickened, about 5 to 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCut the chicken and flank steak into 34inchwide strips. Arrange the chicken strips, steak strips, shrimp, scallions, and cheese slices around the edges of a heatproof dish. Pour the warm sauce into the center. Serve very hot, with tortillas to make tacos., ingredients: [1 boneless, skinless chicken breast half, 4 ounces flank steak, 8 raw jumbo shrimp, peeled, tails left intact, and deveined, Olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 scallions, 1 small panela cheese or 1 ball fresh mozzarella cheese, sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 white onion, 3 whole tomatoes, 2 garlic cloves, 4 dried California or New Mexico chiles, stemmed, seeded, and torn into pieces, 1 teaspoon crumbled dried oregano, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 cups water, 6 to 8 6inch corn tortillas, warmed], title: Spicy SurfNTurf Trio, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 47274: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. In a food processor, combine flour, cornmeal, sugar, and salt. Pulse to combine. Place dry ingredients in a mixing bowl and put the bowl into the refrigerator. Remove 12 stick of butter from the refrigerator and allow it to come to room temperature. In a food processor, add the 12 stick of butter to the flour mixture. Pulse until the fat completely disappears. Add the remaining 1 12 sticks butter in separate batches. Pulse until flour mixture resembles the size of a pea.nCombine the apple juice concentrate and the cold water. Using a spray bottle, spritz the dough with the apple juice mixture while folding the mixture with a spatula. After about three tablespoons of the liquid, check the dough for consistency. It should hold together when compressed but remain relatively dry to the touch. If it does not bind, add a little more water. Remove from the processor and form the dough into a ball. Wrap the dough in wax paper or parchment paper and rest in refrigerator for 20 minutes.nHeat a cast iron skillet over medium heat. Add pears to the pan and toss for 2 minutes. Add the balsamic vinegar and continue to toss for 30 seconds. Add sugar and cook until the pears have softened. Add the nutmeg, cinnamon, and the butter and melt slowly. Fold in the blueberries. Remove from heat. Sprinkle on the flour and combine well. Allow to cool to room temperature.nPlace dough on a floured piece of parchment and roll out to a 14inch thick disk. Transfer to a baking sheet. Place cubed pound cake in the middle of the dough, leaving a 3inch margin of crust on all sides. Spoon filling over the cake cubes and top the pears with 1 ounce of cubed butter. Lift excess crust onto filling and repeat in a clockwise fashion until a top lip has formed around the edge of the whole tart. Brush the tart with the egg wash and sprinkle the crust with the sugar.nBake for 3035 minutes, or until the filling begins to bubble and the crust is golden brown.nRemove from the sheet pan immediately and cool on pie rack., ingredients: [2 12 cups flour, 12 cup stone ground cornmeal, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, divided, diced, 3 tablespoons apple juice concentrate, 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 Anjou pears, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 4 tablespoons sugar, 1 pinch grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup blueberries, 1 teaspoon flour, 1 12 cups pound cake, cubed, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, 12 teaspoon sugar], title: No Pan Pear Pie, picturelink: IKOmLfeMkgbvVSGZEMQNR30jOXkFu7K}, 47275: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line standardsize cupcake pans with 16 cupcake liners.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the soy milk and lemon juice set aside until the mixture is curdled. In a medium bowl, melt the margarine in the microwave. Once melted, add in the cane sugar, applesauce, vanilla extract and the soy milk mixture. Sift the flour, baking powder and salt into the wet mixture and whisk together until everything is evenly incorporated with few lumps remaining.nFill the liners threequarters full and bake until golden and a toothpick comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Cool completely.nTo assemble: Using a large round frosting tip, pipe a generous amount of Creme Brulee Frosting onto each cupcake. Refrigerate the cupcakes until the frosting is pretty stiff, about 5 minutes. Place the raw sugar in a small bowl and dip the tops of the cupcakes in the sugar. Using a small kitchen blowtorch, torch the tops of the cupcakes the raw sugar part only until the sugar turns a dark caramel color.nCombine 14 cup of the coconut milk with the soy milk, cane sugar, tapioca starch and salt. Whisk well to combine. Combine the remaining coconut milk with the brown sugar and vanilla in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, stirring often. Add the coconut milktapioca starch mixture to the pan. Heat over medium heat, whisking continuously until thickened. Transfer the mixture to a glass bowl and set in the refrigerator to cool completely.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the vegetable shortening and margarine until light and fluffy. Add in the powdered sugar and continue to mix until it is fluffy.nRemove the creme brulee mixture from the fridge and add to the buttercream. Whip this mixture on high until all ingredients are fully incorporated and very fluffy., ingredients: [6 ounces soy milk, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 6 ounces vegan margarine, 1 12 cups organic cane sugar, 6 tablespoons applesauce, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 14 cups organic, unbleached white flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, Creme Brulee Frosting, recipe follows, 12 cup raw sugar, for bruleeing, One 13 12ounce can coconut milk, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons soy milk, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons organic cane sugar, 4 tablespoons plus 1 12 teaspoons tapioca starch, 18 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons organic brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 23 cup organic vegetable shortening, 13 cup vegan margarine, 4 cups powdered sugar], title: Vegan Creme Brulee Buttermilk Cupcakes, picturelink: dZkwWGy.hUziLV64MTgQwU7lHPsJa.6}, 47276: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Spread pita wedges on baking sheet and brush with olive oil. Sprinkle with paprika and bake for 5 to 7 minutes until crisp., ingredients: [3 pocket pitas, sliced into wedges and split apart, 14 cup olive oil, Paprika, Salt], title: Pita Chips, picturelink: null}, 47277: {instructions: Fresh mint sprigs, for garnishnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour an 8inch round cake pan.nFor the cake: In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites to soft peaks. Add 12 cup sugar and beat until the mixture holds stiff peaks.nIn a separate large bowl, beat the vegetable oil, the remaining 12 cup sugar and salt. Add the egg yolks 1 at a time. Add the chopped mint, lemon juice and lemon zest. Add the flour and mix until just combined. Set aside.nSlowly add 12 of the egg white mixture into the oil mixture. Using a rubber spatula, carefully fold in the remaining egg white mixture. Spread the batter into the prepared cake pan and bake for 40 to 45 minutes until a toothpick inserted into the middle of the cake comes out clean. Transfer the cake to a cutting board and allow to cool before slicing.nFor the syrup: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, water, lemon juice, and lemon zest over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes.nTo serve, spoon some of the syrup onto each small plate or shallow bowl and lay a slice of cake on top. Drizzle the cake with additional syrup and garnish with a small sprig of mint., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing, Flour, for dusting, 3 eggs, separated, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, divided, 14 cup vegetable oil, 18 teaspoon salt, 8 mint sprigs, leaves chopped, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest], title: LemonMint Cake with Lemon Syrup, picturelink: ObFdlhFHJwbMdhKzokPImOTpZcWbvO}, 47278: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and parchment a 9inch cake pannIn the bowl of a food processor, grind chocolate and hazelnuts down to a fine paste. Add soft butter and sugar and pulse until thoroughly incorporated. Add eggs 1 by 1. Scrape down bowl carefully. Add flour. Fill prepared cake pan with torte batter. Spread carefully to level and bake for 20 to 25 minutes until cake tester comes out clean., ingredients: [1 cup hazelnuts, 4 ounces semisweet chocolaterecommendsCluizel Brand, 1 cup butter, 1 cup sugar, 5 eggs, 12 cup flour], title: Chocolate Hazelnut Torte, picturelink: null}, 47279: {instructions: Pulse together the feta, basil, and peppercorns in a food processor until combined. Add the olive oil and lemon juice, alternating between each and pulsing after each addition, until the mixture is dense but spreads easily. Remove to a serving plate, garnish with lemon zest, and serve., ingredients: [3 cups about 12 ounces crumbled feta, preferably Greek, 3 scant tablespoons dried basil, 1 heaping tablespoon cracked black peppercorns, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, preferably Greek, 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, cut into very thin strips julienne], title: Feta Whipped with Basil, Lemon, and Pepper, picturelink: null}, 47280: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F, and warm an ovenproof serving platter in the oven.nIn a medium saucepan, combine 2 cups of the berries with the water and bring to a simmer. Cook over medium heat until the berries are softened and set aside until ready to serve. Keep warm.nIn a shallow bowl, large enough to soak a few slices of bread, whisk together eggs and 1 cup cream.nIn a large nonstick griddle or skillet over medium heat, melt a large pat of butter. Be sure to cover the cooking surface with the melted butter. Working in batches, dip however many slices of brioche that can be cooked on the griddle at a time, in the eggcream mixture. Turn bread over and be sure to not let the bread get too soggy.nTransfer the bread to the preheated and buttered griddle and cook until golden brown and slightly crisp, about 3 minutes per side. Place the cooked French toast on the warm serving platter in the oven and cover loosely with foil. These will keep warm in the oven while the remaining slices are prepared.nWhip the remaining 1 cup of cream, in a medium bowl, with a handheld mixer, until soft peaks form. Serve the French toast topped with the warm strawberries, remaining sliced fresh strawberries and whipped cream., ingredients: [3 cups fresh strawberries, trimmed and sliced, 2 tablespoons water, 6 large eggs, 2 cups cream, divided, Butter, 8 1inchthick slices brioche from day old loaf], title: French Toast with Strawberries and Cream, picturelink: AVki9ifyI6hMke5y9d1uZk82xZO5dy}, 47281: {instructions: Mince garlic. Pat lamb chops dry. In a small bowl stir together garlic,rosemary, mint, and 1 tablespoon oil. Rub mixture onto lamb and season with salt and pepper. In a heavy nonstick skillet, heat 2 tablespoons oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook lamb chops 3 to 5 minutes on each side for mediumrare meat. Transfer lamb chops to a plate. Make salsa: Toast pine nuts in a dry skillet over moderate heat until golden. Seed cucumber and cut into 14inch dice. In a bowl whisk together jelly, vinegar and oil until jelly is broken up into tiny pieces and add remaining salsa ingredients, tossing. Season salsa with salt and pepper. Do not make salsa ahead or it will become watery.nTop lamb with some salsa and serve remaining salsa on the side., ingredients: [4 garlic cloves, 4 34 to 1inch thick lamb chops 8 to 10 ounces each, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup pine nuts, 1 English cucumber, 2 tablespoons mint jelly, 2 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Seeds from 1 large pomegranate, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 teaspoon minced garlic], title: Lamb Chops with Cucumber, Pomegranate and Mint Salsa, picturelink: null}, 47282: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a large baking sheet, place 1 sheet filo pastry and brush with melted butter, repeat, stacking them on top of each other as you build your pie crust. You may want to stagger the sheets a little bit to ensure that the baking sheet is well covered allowing a little bit of an edge.nOn the top layer, brush on the mustard. Sprinkle the cheese evenly over the pastry to ensure even coverage. Lay the tomato slices generously, all over, overlapping, as needed. Season with coarse salt, and ground black pepper. Sprinkle the thyme leaves on top.nBake in the oven until the pastry is crisped and browned at the edges, about 25 minutes.nAdd another sprinkling of coarse salt, and cut the tart into 8 squares. Garnish with fresh basil leaves. Delicious when served hot, warm, or at room temperature., ingredients: [7 fresh or frozen filo pastry sheets, thawed, 14 cup melted butter, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 cups grated Swiss cheese recommended: Emmenthal, 8 large ripe tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, Coarse salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 12 fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Tomato Cheese Tart, picturelink: null}, 47283: {instructions: 1. Prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat cooking. In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar, coriander, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Rub the mixture over the chicken. In another bowl, whisk together the jelly, vinegar, and rosemary.n2. Brush the grill grate with oil. Grill the chicken halves, bone side down, for 10 minutes. Flip the chicken and cook until there are dark grill marks on the skin, about 10 minutes. Flip the chicken again and brush the skin with the jelly mixture. Continue cooking, brushing the skin every 10 minutes with the jelly mixture, reserving some for serving, until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thigh but not touching the bone registers 165 degrees F, about 20 minutes more. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes. Cut the chicken into serving pieces and serve with the extra glaze on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 half chickens about 3 pounds total, 1 10ounce jar red jalapeno pepper jelly about 1 14 cups, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, Vegetable oil, for grilling, Grilled potatoes, for serving], title: Grilled Split Chicken with Sweet Jalapeno Glaze, picturelink: uxx5622F45OTYbPWhiJGr8rVWAy56Ae}, 47284: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add the onions, carrot, celery, mushrooms, barley, thyme, salt and pepper and saute, stirring frequently, until the mushrooms begin to brown, about 10 minutes.nScrape the mixture into a shallow 2 12quart baking dish such as a 10 by 10inchnCorning Ware casserole and pour in the boiling vegetable stock. Cover tightly and bake 60 to 75 minutes, or until all the liquid is absorbed. Be careful of the steam when removing the cover. The barley should have a slightly crunchy texture when done. If it is too hard after all the stock has been absorbed, add some boiling stock or water and cook 10 to 15 minutes more., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 medium onions, finely diced, 1 carrot, very finely chopped, 1 celery rib, thinly sliced, 34 pound 4 12 cups thinly sliced mushrooms such as shiitake, button, baby, 1 12 cups pearl barley, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh thyme, or 34 teaspoon dried, 34 teaspoon salt, Generous seasoning freshly ground black pepper, 4 12 cups boiling vegetable stock], title: Barley and Mixed Mushroom Casserole, picturelink: null}, 47285: {instructions: Place gelatin in a large bowl. Add 1 cup reserved cherry juice and boiling water. Whisk thoroughly until gelatin is dissolved. Transfer to refrigerator and chill until beginning to set, about 15 minutes.nRemove gelatin from refrigerator, and add either sour cream or whipped cream cheese. Beat with a handheld electric mixer until smooth. Add cherries stir to combine. Pour mixture into a 3quart mold. Refrigerate until firm.nQuickly dip mold into a bowl of warm water. Wipe mold dry. Place a serving plate on top of mold and invert. Repeat dipping process if necessary to release gelatin. Serve immediately or chill until serving., ingredients: [1 6ounce package cherry flavored gelatin, 1 16 12ounce can pitted black bing cherries, drained and juices reserved, 1 cup boiling water, 1 pint sour cream or 1 17ounce container whipped cream cheese], title: JellO Mold, picturelink: null}, 47286: {instructions: Heat 6 tablespoons schmaltz or peanut oil in a large saucepan. Sprinkle the hens with salt, pepper and 1 teaspoon cinnamon and brown. In another saucepan heat the remaining chicken fat or peanut oil, add the onions and cook over low heat 5 minutes, or until the onions are transparent. Add the remaining 3 teaspoons cinnamon and cloves and cook for about 3 more minutes, stirring occasionally. Add about 12 cup reserved tomato liquid. Puree half the soaked apricots in a food processor or blender, and coarsely chop the rest. Add the pureed apricots, the diced tomatoes and 1 cup chicken stock to the onion mixture. Simmer, uncovered, 5 minutes. Puree 2 cups of the onion mixture. Return to the pan, add the remaining apricots, brown sugar and chicken stock and add enough liquid to make a mediumthick sauce. In a large casserole place half the sauce. Add hens and cover with remaining sauce. Bake the poultry, covered, in a 350 degree preheated oven until done, about 30 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [12 tablespoons schmaltz rendered chicken fat, 6 Cornish game hens, halved, Salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 4 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 4 cups chopped yellow onions, 1 teaspoon cloves, 3 cups canned diced plum tomatoes, with the juices reserved, 3 12 cups dried apricots, soaked in hot water for 1 hour and drained, 2 cups chicken stock or water, 13 cup brown sugar], title: Joyce Goldsteins Cornish Hens with Apricots, Tomatoes and Spices, picturelink: null}, 47287: {instructions: introductionnMethod text can I changed this, ingredients: [1 Cup Lemon Grass, 1 Teaspoon Salt, 1 Tablespoon Creamed Spinich], title: Come and Break It More, picturelink: null}, 47288: {instructions: Sauce: Combine fish stock, milk and cream and set aside. Make a roux of butter and flour. When cooked, stir in sundried tomato paste and whisk in liquids bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes. Season well to taste with salt and cayenne.nSeafood Filling: Saute lobster and crab in butter to warm add tomatoes and wine and reduce. Stir in basil and chives. Season well with salt and pepper.To assemble: Cut lasagna into strips large enough to fit into 9 x 13 inch pan. Parboil lasagna strips, a few at a time for a minute in boiling water. Chill in ice water dry on cloth towels. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Butter pan generously. Layer some lasagna noodles, barely overlapping the edges. Spread some sauce over top and dot sauce with seafood filling layer until pan is filled. Finish with a layer of sauce, sprinkle with breadcrumbs and dot with butter. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes cool for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup flour, 1 tablespoon tomato paste or sundried tomato paste, 1 cup fish stock, 1 cup milk, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and cayenne pepper, to taste, 8 ounces lobster meat, cooked and diced, 8 ounces lump crab meat, picked over, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 2 tablespoons each, basil leaves, in chiffonade and chives, minced, Salt and pepper, 23 cup fresh breadcrumbs, 1 to 2 tablespoons butter], title: Festive Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 47289: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTightly wrap the outside of a 9inch diameter springform pan with 2 34inchhigh sides with 3 layers of heavyduty foil. Finely grind the almonds, cracker crumbs, and sugar in a food processor. Add the butter and process until moist crumbs form. Press the almond mixture onto the bottom of the prepared pan not on the sides of the pan. Bake the crust until it is set and beginning to brown, about 12 minutes. Cool. Decrease the oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nFor the filling: Using an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese, mascarpone cheese, and sugar in a large bowl until smooth, occasionally scraping down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Beat in the lemon juice and vanilla. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating just until blended after each addition.nPour the cheese mixture over the crust in the pan. Place the springform pan in a large roasting pan. Pour enough hot water into the roasting pan to come halfway up the sides of the springform pan. Bake until the center of the cheesecake moves slightly when the pan is gently shaken, about 1 hour 5 minutes the cake will become firm when it is cold. Transfer the cake to a rack cool for 1 hour. Refrigerate until the cheesecake is cold, at least 8 hours and up to 2 days.nFor the topping: Combine the chocolatehazelnut spread and cream in a small bowl. Heat in the microwave until warm, stirring every 20 seconds to blend, about 1 minute.nCut the cake into wedges. Drizzle the chocolate sauce over the wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 cup slivered almonds, lightly toasted, 23 cup graham cracker crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature, 2 8ounce containers mascarpone cheese, room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, room temperature, 12 cup chocolatehazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, 14 cup whipping cream], title: Mascarpone Cheesecake with Almond Crust, picturelink: HrO8cvvP.37SWYSM1RumdQxpVQ8Lqk.}, 47290: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice the bread into 14inch thick slices. Cut those slices in half on a diagonal. Lay the slices on baking sheets in a single layer and brush the bread with extravirgin olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet and bake until crisp outside but still soft within, about 5 to 6 minutes.nOn a baking sheet covered with foil, sprinkle salt over the foil. Lay the trout fillets skin side down and sprinkle the tops of the fillets liberally with more salt. Set aside in refrigerator for 10 minutes.nBlend the Chili Vinaigrette: In a small bowl, whisk together the garlic, chili oil, olive oil, sherry vinegar, chili powder, salt, pepper and parsley.nRinse the trout fillets and pat dry. Sprinkle some pepper on the fillets. In a shallow dish filled with the flour, dredge the fillets with the flour, shaking off the excess.nHeat the 14 cup extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet over moderatelynhigh heat. When hot, add the fish, skinned side up, and cook until crisp, about 1 minute. Turn with an offset spatula and cook on the skinned side until done, about 1 minute. Transfer to paper towels to drain.nTo serve, cut the trout into bite size pieces. Top each toast with a slice of roasted pepper and a piece of trout. Spoon some of the vinaigrette over the trout. Scatter a few olives around each portion, and dust the fish with the remaining parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large loaf countrystyle bread, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing the bread, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup salt, 8 trout fillets, skin on, 14 cup olive oil, 34 cup instant flour recommended: Wondra, 1 12ounce jar roasted red peppers, sliced into bitesize pieces, 16 oilcured black olives, halved and pitted, 14 cup finely chopped fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons garlic, minced, 2 cups chili oil, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 13 cup chili powder, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup finely chopped fresh Italian flatleaf parsley], title: PanRoasted Trout Bruschetta with Chili Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 47291: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a medium saucepan with enough cold water to cover the potatoes by 2 inches. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cook until tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain in a colander and set aside to cool.nFor the quinoa: In a large saucepan or Dutch oven, bring the chicken broth, quinoa, and garlic to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat, cover the pot, and simmer until the liquid has been absorbed and the quinoa is tender, about 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Remove the garlic and discard. Using a fork, fluff the quinoa and place in a large serving bowl. Add the peas and the cooked potatoes.nFor the dressing: In a food processor, combine the olives, oregano, oil, agave nectar, lime juice, salt, and pepper. Blend until chunky.nPour the dressing over the quinoa and toss well until coated., ingredients: [12 ounces purple Peruvian potatoes, unpeeled, cut into 12inch pieces, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups quinoa, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 2 cups 8 ounces frozen peas, thawed, 12 cup pitted medium black olives, 13 cup chopped fresh oregano leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup agave nectar, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice from about 2 to 3 large limes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Quinoa and Purple Potato Salad, picturelink: SSSFuRy3yWHVf5jxwX2bPjQdS9nm5p2}, 47292: {instructions: Score pork with a fork, place in baking dish and set aside. In medium bowl combine all ingredients and stir. Pour over tenderloin and cover. Let sit for at least a half hour. Remove from marinade and cook in a cast iron skillet or on a BBQ for about 10 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [12  16 ounces pork tenderloin, 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 scallion, sliced, 14 cup of soy sauce, 1 tablespoon ginger, grated, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 2 cloves garlic, smashed], title: Marinated Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 47293: {instructions: In a shallow pan, pour marinade over pork chops and marinate for 1 hour.nRemove the meat from the marinade and drain off the excess. In a skillet over high heat, pansear the pork chops on both sides in butter and oil to seal in juices. Sprinkle with a handful of fresh chopped parsley and thyme season with salt and pepper. They should be well browned on the outside and pink in the center. Transfer the pork chops to a roasting pan, place in a single layer and set aside.nIn the same skillet, saute apples in a bit more butter and oil, add more parsley and thyme. Deglaze the pan with brandy. Pour in brown sauce and cider vinegar to create a pan sauce. Spoon the apple sauce over the pork chops. Sprinkle with more chopped herbs and salt and pepper.nRoast in a preheated 325 degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes. A meat thermometer inserted into the pork should read 155 degrees F., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 12 cup Calvados brandy, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, chopped, 2 bay leaves, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 doublecut pork loin chops, 1 12 to 2 inches thick bone in, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 bunch fresh thyme, chopped, 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 1 cup brown sauce, prepared or chicken broth, 14 cup cider vinegar], title: Pork Chops with Apple Sauce, picturelink: null}, 47294: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 9inch pie plate with pie dough and crimp as desired chill 30 minutes. Line with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until the crust is set, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until lightly golden, 5 to 10 more minutes. Let cool while you prepare the filling.nPut the broccoli and red onions in a large bowl. Add the pepper jack and toss to combine.nWhisk the eggs, heavy cream, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Stir in the chives. Add the and paprika, chile powder or lemon zest, if desired. Spread the vegetablecheese mixture in the crust, then pour the egg mixture on top. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake until the filling is set, 40 to 50 minutes. Let cool at least 30 minutes before slicing.nPulse the flour, salt and sugar in a food processor. Add about onethird of the butter process until the butter is combined. Pulse in the remaining butter in 5 or 6 pulses to form coarse crumbs. Add the vinegar pulse quickly a few times while adding 13 cup ice water. Squeeze some dough between your fingers. It should just hold its shape if its still crumbly, quickly pulse in more ice water by the tablespoonful. Do not overwork the dough.nTurn the dough out onto a large piece of plastic wrap. Wrap the dough, then press and flatten into a thin round. Refrigerate 1 hour.nRoll out the dough into an 11to12inch round, about 18 inch thick, on a lightly floured surface. Center over a 9inch pie plate. Fold in the edges and crimp as desired. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before using.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Storebought or Homemade Pie Dough, recipe follows, 14 to 12 cup chopped roasted or steamed broccoli, 14 to 12 cup sauteed sliced red onions, 34 to 1 cup shredded pepper jack cheese, 3 large eggs, 1 14 cups heavy cream, halfandhalf or milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 12 teaspoon paprika or chile powder, or some grated lemon zest optional, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, diced and chilled, 4 teaspoons apple cider vinegar or white vinegar], title: Broccoli and Red Onion Quiche, picturelink: jASLGTzRJ97b52sc8CoqZC8HChYS}, 47295: {instructions: Bring sugar and vinegar to a boil, add all ingredients except parsley and olive oil and cook until beets are tender. Strain, then toss with parsley and olive oil., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 2 pounds beets, peeled and cut into small dice, 2 tablespoons fresh grated horseradish, 2 red onions, thinly sliced, 1 12 teaspoons celery seeds, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Pickled Beet Relish, picturelink: null}, 47296: {instructions: Put wooden skewers in a pan of water for 30 minutes, so they dont burn on the grill.nTo make the marinade:nPut the garlic on a cutting board and coarsely chop. Sprinkle with coarse salt and mash the garlic into a paste with the side of the knife. Put the garlic paste in a bowl. Add the cumin, oregano, paprika, black pepper, and cayenne. Mix to combine. Stir in the grapefruit juice, lime juice, and oil. Pour out about 13 of the marinade and put into a small bowl. Reserve for dressing the salad.nThread the shrimp and mango onto separate skewers and put sidebyside in a baking dish. Pour the remaining marinade over the shrimp and mango cover with plastic wrap. Put in the refrigerator and allow to marinate for about 30 minutes, flipping the skewers occasionally.nTo make the salsa:nPreheat an outdoor grill or grill pan to mediumhigh you may also preheat the oven broiler.nRub the corn with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Put the corn directly on the grill grates or put in a baking pan if using oven method and cook until the kernels are slightly charred on all sides, turning every couple of minutes. Remove from the heat. Using a sharp knife, carefully cut the kernels off of the cobs and put in a mixing bowl. Add the avocado, lime juice, onions, bell peppers, jalapeno, cilantro, vinegar, and remaining 1 tablespoon of oil. Season with salt and pepper.nGrill or broil the shrimp until curled, pink and slightly charred on both sides, about 2 to 3 minutes total cooking time. Cook the mangos until grill marks appear, about 1 minute on each side.nDivide the mixed greens evenly among 4 plates. Drizzle the reserved mango marinade over the greens. Top with shrimp and mango skewers and a couple of spoonfuls of the roasted corn and avocado salsa. Garnish with some chopped cilantro serve with remaining salsa on the side., ingredients: [Wooden skewers, 4 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper or more if youre brave, 1 cup freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, 2 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails left intact, 2 large ripe and firm mangos, peeled, sliced, and cut into long wedges, 4 ears corn, husks and corn silk discarded, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ripe Hass avocados, peeled, pitted, and cubed, 1 lime, juiced, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely minced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro or basil, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 6 cups mixed salad greens or baby spinach], title: Shrimp and Mango Adobado Salad with Roasted Corn and Avocado Salsa, picturelink: enoSPIumrtRCq5ndNiVEgXCyH63Ce}, 47297: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, bring 4 cups water to a boil. Stir in the sugar and cook for about 5 minutes. Add the tea bags and mint, then remove from the heat and steep for 10 minutes. Strain the mixture and discard the tea bags and mint. Cool for about 1 hour, and then stir in the lemon juice.nFill 8 smallish glasses or classic julep cups with crushed ice and muddle in a few leaves basil and mint in each glass, bruising the herbs and mixing them with the ice. Add a squeeze from the limes to each glass, then pour about 3 12 ounces of the cooled syrup and about 2 12 ounces of the bourbon per glass. Add a straw and enjoy., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 5 tea bags Earl Grey, 12 cup chopped fresh mint, 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 sprigs basil, stemmed, 2 sprigs mint, stemmed, 2 to 3 limes, halved, 20 ounces bourbon], title: Herby Julep, picturelink: IwkWnDjoMbcEuxwlbR9tOqzoLTY25u}, 47298: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the flour and sugar. Add the milk, water, and 3 eggs and mix well. Refrigerate the batter for 1 hour.nHeat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook it until brown and crisp. Remove the bacon from the pan and drain on paper towels. Pour out half of the grease. Return the pan to the heat and add the leeks, cooking for 1 minute.nIn a small bowl, whisk the remaining eggs and add them to the pan, stirring until they start to set but are still a bit runny. Add the tomato, goat cheese and stir until the eggs are cooked but not dry. Remove the pan from the heat and season with salt and pepper to taste.nMeanwhile, preheat a crepe pan or nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and coat the pan with vegetable oil or nonstick spray. Remove the batter from the refrigerator. Coat the pan with about 14 cup of batter, cook until the edges start to brown, then flip the crepe. Cook for 10 more seconds and remove from the pan. Keep warm while cooking the remaining crepes.nPlace 2 large spoonfuls of the egg mixture in each crepe and roll them. Place 2 crepes on each plate and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup milk, 12 cup water, 9 eggs, 4 strips bacon, 1 leek, diced, 3 tomatoes, seeded and diced, 5 ounces soft goat cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil or nonstick spray, for cooking the crepes], title: Bacon, Egg and Cheese Stuffed Crepes with Leeks and Tomato, picturelink: null}, 47299: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a pot, blanch the squash until slightly tender, approximately 2 to 3 minutes.nIn an ovenproof saute pan, melt the butter and heat until it becomes a caramel color be careful not to burn it. Toss the squash with the browned butter and season.nPlace pan in oven and let the squash finish cooking, approximately 15 minutes.nChef notes: If you dont want to keep the dish in the oven, then keep cook the squash in the water, during the blanching process, and serve immediately after sauteing.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [2 pounds assorted colorful baby squash patty pans, zucchinis, summer squash, 1 stick butter, Salt and pepper], title: Baby Squash in Brown Butter, picturelink: null}, 47300: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs. Drain drizzle with olive oil and toss.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large Dutch oven or heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the sausage, garlic and oregano and cook, stirring and breaking up the sausage with a wooden spoon, until the sausage is browned, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until darkened, about 2 minutes.nAdd the chicken broth, tomatoes and 1 cup water cover and bring to a simmer. Uncover and cook until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Stir in the noodles, basil, parmesan and heavy cream simmer 2 more minutes.nDivide the soup among bowls. Top with ricotta and sliced basil.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces lasagna noodles, broken into pieces about 10 noodles, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 onion, chopped, 12 pound hot or sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, plus thinly sliced leaves for topping, 13 cup grated parmesan cheese plus more for sprinkling, optional, 14 cup heavy cream or halfandhalf, Ricotta cheese, for topping], title: Lasagna Soup, picturelink: cs2ukRJH4c6ixTnwpmOCX9VdBR5oA6u}, 47301: {instructions: The day before you plan to make the dessert, combine the flours, salt, and 2 tablespoons of the sugar in a mixer fitted with a dough hook. Dissolve the yeast in the water. With the mixer running at low speed, add the yeast mixture to the flour mixture. Add the eggs and mix well. Add the butter and mix at medium speed until smooth, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, turn the dough out onto a floured work surface. Roll dough into a 9 by 13inch rectangle, about 12inch thick. Place on a sheet pan. Loosely drape plastic wrap over the dough and let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk, 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Remove the plastic wrap from the brioche dough and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. After 10 minutes, rotate the pan to ensure even cooking. When baked, immediately remove to a wire rack and let cool to room temperature.nVanilla Custard: In a medium saucepan, heat the milk and vanilla bean to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 10 minutes. In a bowl, whisk the egg yolks and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the cornstarch and whisk vigorously until no lumps remain. Whisk in 14 cup of the hot milk mixture until incorporated. Whisk in the remaining hot milk mixture, reserving the empty saucepan. Pour the mixture through a strainer back into the saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and slowly boiling. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter. Let cool slightly. Cover with plastic wrap, lightly pressing the plastic against the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Chill at least 2 hours or until ready to serve. The custard can be made up to 48 hours in advance.nWith a serrated knife, slice the sheet of brioche in half lengthwise. Spread the bottom and top generously with custard. Place washed and dried rose petals over the custard, covering the surface entirely. Place the top brioche on and press lightly. With a serrated knife, cut into finger sandwiches, discarding the edges., ingredients: [1 12 cups flour, 1 14 cups plus 2 tablespoons bread flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 1ounce fresh cake yeast, or 1 14ounce envelope dried yeast, 2 tablespoons warm water, 4 eggs, 8 ounces 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, Vanilla custard, recipe follows, 3 organic or confetti roses, any color, washed and dried, 2 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 6 egg yolks, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Brioche Tea Sandwiches with Vanilla Custard and Rose Petals, picturelink: null}, 47302: {instructions: Put the spinach in a large microwavesafe bowl cover with plastic wrap and pierce a few times to vent. Microwave until it starts wilting, about 4 minutes. Uncover and stir, then microwave until completely wilted, about 2 more minutes. Transfer to a colander and rinse under cold water squeeze dry and set aside.nHeat the olive oil and butter in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, poblanos and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until the onions are translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring, until tender, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium add the garlic and flour and stir until incorporated, about 2 minutes.nGradually stir in the chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Add the sour cream and cook, stirring, until the liquid thickens, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in all but a few tablespoons of the gruyere, then stir in the muenster and cilantro. Transfer to a food processor and add the spinach pulse until finely chopped.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the dip in a 1quart baking dish and sprinkle with the reserved gruyere. Transfer to the oven and bake until the cheese melts, about 6 minutes. Serve with bread.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 large white onion, chopped, 2 poblano chile peppers, seeded and chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound button mushrooms, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 34 cup sour cream, 6 ounces gruyere cheese, grated about 1 12 cups, 6 ounces muenster cheese, grated about 1 12 cups, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Toasted sourdough bread, for serving, 1 12 pounds baby spinach, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Hot Spinach Dip with Mushrooms, picturelink: FljQAtY4oK885T4jgcu33HWth1l.gu}, 47303: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine all ingredients. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cucumbers, thinly sliced, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoons minced jalapeno, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Cucumber Salsa, picturelink: null}, 47304: {instructions: Combine the flour, eggs, butter, salt and baking powder in a large mixing bowl. Mix well until a soft dough forms, 3 to 4 minutes. Divide the dough into four equal parts and shape into balls. On a floured work surface, roll the dough balls into long, 12inchthick ropes. Cut the ropes into 1inch pieces, dust with flour and place onto a floured baking sheet.nCombine the olive oil and pine nuts in a small saute pan over medium heat and toast until the pine nuts are just golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove the pine nuts to a papertowellined plate to get rid of excess oil.nHeat the canola oil to 375 degrees F in a large Dutch oven.nMeanwhile, in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, combine the honey, orange zest and 14 cup water. Bring to a boil, then immediately reduce to a simmer.nIn batches, fry the struffoli in the hot oil until golden brown and puffed on all sides, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and toss in the orange syrup to coat. Transfer to a plate and sprinkle with the toasted pine nuts. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 5 large eggs, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 12 cup pine nuts, 3 cups canola oil, 1 cup honey, Zest of 2 oranges], title: Honey Struffoli with Orange and Pignoli, picturelink: oj2OibXJO1usGOMnGkbmuiF6slBssm2}, 47305: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Brush eggplant, peppers, and onion and tomato slices with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill eggplant, tomato, and onion on both sides until slightly charred and just cooked through. Grill peppers on all sides until charred, remove from the grill, place in a bag, and let rest 10 minutes. Remove skin from the peppers and cut into 1inch slices. Cut the eggplant, tomato, and onion into large dice.nWhisk garlic, 14 cup chopped parsley, and 12 cup olive oil together in a large bowl. Add the cut vegetables to the bowl and let marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes.nDrizzle cut sides of ciabatta with 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and grill, cut side down, for 1 to 2 minutes. Brush grilled bread with some of the Sherry Vinaigrette and then layer on the mixed vegetables and Manchego. Drizzle with more vinaigrette and top with torn parsley. Place other piece of bread on top, wrap sandwich in foil, and place on grill with 2 foilwrapped bricks on top. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from grill and foil and cut sandwich crosswise into 2inch thick slices.nWhisk all ingredients together in a medium bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 Japanese eggplants, sliced in 12 lengthwise, 3 red bell peppers, 1 red onion, peeled and sliced into 14inch thick slices, 1 large beefsteak tomato, cut into 12inch thick slices, Extravirgin olive oil or canola oil, for grilling, Salt and pepper, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, plus 2 to 3 tablespoons torn leaves, for garnish, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling bread, 1 loaf ciabatta, sliced lengthwise, Sherry Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 8 slices Manchego cheese, 14 cup aged sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Vegetable Sandwiches with Sherry Vinaigrette and Manchego on Ciabatta, picturelink: null}, 47306: {instructions: Fill a highball glass with gin, lime juice and ice. Fill to top with sparkling water. Garnish with wedge of lime., ingredients: [1 12 ounces gin, 12 lime, juiced, Sparkling water, Lime wedge, for garnish], title: Gin Rickey, picturelink: null}, 47307: {instructions: Heat a large, dry saute pan over medium heat. Add the almond slivers and toast, shaking the pan every minute, until they are fragrant and begin to darken in areas, 3 to 5 minutes.nLine two baking sheets with parchment paper. Melt the almond bark in a microwavesafe bowl according to package instructions. Stir in the butterscotch chips. Microwave another 30 seconds, and then stir until smooth.nStir in the almonds, pretzels and coconut, coating evenly. Drop the mixture, 1 tablespoon at a time, onto the prepared baking sheets. Nestle in 1 or 2 of the mini eggs. If the mixture starts to cool and become too firm to work with, microwave for 30 seconds and stir gently. Let the nests cool at room temperature until solid., ingredients: [34 cup blanched almond slivers, 10 ounces vanilla make your own almond bark, 1 cup butterscotch chips, 2 cups pretzel sticks, broken in half, 34 cup unsweetened coconut chips often found in the health food aisle, 1 cup candycoated mini chocolate eggs about 50], title: Butterscotch Bird Nests, picturelink: YsrU7JYMhL7Pi6sNdWqvgv96YQkc9JK}, 47308: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Vegetarian Recipes, picturelink: null}, 47309: {instructions: Drain the sauerkraut and soak in cold water for 15 to 20 minutes. Taking it by small handfuls, squeeze out as much water as you can. Pick it apart to separate the strands.nRemove the rind and slice the bacon into 12 inch cubes about 2 inches long. Simmer it in 1 quart of water for 10 minutes and drain.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees.nCook bacon, carrots, and onions in butter slowly in the covered casserole for 10 minutes without browning. Stir in the sauerkraut and when itis well covered with the fat and vegetables, cover and cook slowly for 10 minutes more.nBury the herbs and spices in the saurkraut. Pour in the wine, and enough stock to just cover the sauerkraut. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer on top of the stove. Lay a buttered round of wax paper on top of sauerkraut. Cover and set in the middle of preheated oven. Simmer slowly for 3 12 hours.nBrown assorted meats in skillet. Bury them in the casserole while the sauerkraut is still braising.nContinue to simmer in oven for another 1 12hours. 5 hours total., ingredients: [2 pounds sauerkraut, 12 pound chunk of bacon, 12 cup thinly sliced carrots, 1 12 cup sliced onions, 4 tablespoon pork fat or butter, 4 sprigs parsley, 1 bay leaf, 6 peppercorns, 10 juniper berries or add 14 cup gin to casserole, 1 cup sparkling wine, 3 cups chicken stock, Roast pork, Pork chops, Smoked pork loin, Ham, Sausages, Duck], title: Choucroute Royale Braised Sauerkraut, picturelink: null}, 47310: {instructions: Drop shrimp into boiling water and reduce heat to simmer. Remove the shrimp from the water before they curl up it will take about 34 minutes.nFor cocktail sauce, combine ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, horseradish and lemon juice in a bowl and refrigerate for at least 15 minutes before serving. You can also add dried onion powder if you desire. Salt to taste., ingredients: [4 lbs. jumbo shrimp peeled and deveined, 1 cup ketchup, 2 Tbs. fresh or storebought horseradish, 1 tsp. Worcestershire sauce, 14cup of lemon juice, 1 tsp. dried onion powder, 1 fresh lemon for garnish, 1 bunch fresh Italian parsley], title: Shrimp Cocktail with Horseradish Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: null}, 47311: {instructions: Add ice, pineapple juice, guava nectar juice, seltzer water and frozen strawberries to a punch bowl. Mix together and pour into glasses Add 1 cup of white rum if you want an alcoholic version., ingredients: [4 cups ice, 2 6ounce cans pineapple juice, 2 12ounce cans guava nectar juice, 1 12 cups club soda, 12 16ounce bag frozen strawberries, 1 cup white rum optional], title: Hula Girl Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 47312: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRinse the fish well inside and out and pat dry with paper towels. Lay the bigboy out on a large rimmed sheet pan cut 4 gashes crosswise on both sides of the fish, slicing all the way down to the bone. Season the arctic char with a generous amount of salt and pepper, inside the cavity and all over the skin. Stuff the mixed herbs and fennel inside the body of the fish. Tuck a lemon slice and bay leaf inside each of the slats. Rub a decent amount of olive oil on all parts of the fish. Roast for 30 to 40 minutes, until the skin is crispy and the fish itself is flaky. Transfer to a serving platter and garnish with fennel fronds. Serve with Pistou sauce.nCombine all ingredients in a food processor and process until the garlic is finely chopped. Serve at room temperature with grilled or roasted fish.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 2 to 3 pound whole arctic char, gutted and scaled, gills and fins removed, head and tail intact, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 handfuls mixed fresh herbs basil, thyme, tarragon, 1 small bulb fennel, sliced, fronds reserved, 4 bay leaves, 1 lemon, cut into 4 slices, Extravirgin olive oil, as needed, 1 recipe Pistou, recipe follows, 2 anchovy fillets, 2 garlic cloves, 1 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 vineripe tomato, seeded, and chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Whole Roasted Arctic Char with Fennel and Pistou, picturelink: null}, 47313: {instructions: Make the sugared cranberries: Put the cranberries in a medium bowl. Bring 12 cup sugar and the water to a simmer in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Pour over the cranberries and set aside 1 hour. Drain the cranberries, then toss with the remaining 14 cup sugar. Spread the cranberries and sugar on a baking sheet and set aside to dry, rolling occasionally in the sugar to coat, 2 to 3 hours.nMeanwhile, make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with liners. Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, allspice, cloves and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk the molasses, sugar, vegetable oil and vanilla in a large bowl. Dissolve the baking soda in the boiling water in a liquid measuring cup, then whisk into the molasses mixture. Whisk in the flour mixture, then the egg, until combined.nDivide the batter among the prepared muffin cups, filling each about twothirds of the way. Bake until the tops of the cupcakes spring back when gently pressed, about 22 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes in the pan, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nMake the frosting: Beat the egg whites in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on mediumhigh speed until soft peaks form. Put 14 cup sugar on a large plate set aside. Combine the remaining 1 cup sugar, the water and rosemary sprigs in a small saucepan over medium heat cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat to medium high and bring to a boil. Cook until the syrup registers 235 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 5 minutes remove from the heat. Working quickly, remove the rosemary with tongs and transfer to the plate with the sugar toss to coat, then set aside. Turn the mixer on high and slowly drizzle the hot syrup into the bowl with the egg whites, aiming the syrup between the side of the bowl and the beater. Continue beating until both the bowl and the mixture are cool to the touch, 12 to 15 minutes. Switch to the paddle attachment and beat in the butter on medium speed, 1 piece at a time, until the frosting is smooth and thick.nTransfer the frosting to a piping bag fitted with a large round tip pipe onto the cupcakes. Top each with a few candied rosemary needles and 2 sugared cranberries.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [24 cranberries thawed and drained if frozen, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup boiling water, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 14 cup water, 2 sprigs rosemary, 3 sticks unsalted butter, cut into cubes, at room temperature], title: Spice Cupcakes with Sugared Cranberries, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 47314: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare potato topping: In a large saucepan add the potatoes and garlic and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook, uncovered, until the potatoes are forktender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain. Transfer the potatoes and garlic to a large bowl. Add the sour cream, 14 cup of the broth, butter, salt and pepper, and beat on low speed with a hand mixer until the potatoes are light and fluffy, about 1 to 2 minutes. If the mixture is too dry, add the remaining 14 cup broth. Do not overmix. Cover and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 10inch round baking dish with nonstick spray.nPrepare filling: Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring occasionally until browned and almost crisp, about 7 to 8 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a plate set aside.nAdd the oil to the drippings in the skillet and put over medium heat. Add the onions and 12 teaspoon of salt, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are very soft and just beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle in the sugar, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions begin to caramelize, about 3 minutes. Stir in the beef and cook, stirring occasionally, over mediumhigh heat, until the beef begins to brown, about 7 minutes. Add the carrots, peas, and garlic and cook, stirring, until the vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and flour and cook, stirring, until well blended, about 2 minutes. Add the beer, bring to a boil and boil for 3 minutes. Cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, and scraping up the browned bits from the bottom of the pan, about 2 minutes Add the cooked bacon, the broth, rosemary, 12 teaspoon of salt, and the pepper, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, until the sauce thickens, about 15 minutes.nSpoon the meat mixture into the prepared baking dish. Spread the potato topping evenly over the beef mixture. Bake until the filling is hot, the topping is lightly browned and the edges are bubbly, about 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with the cheese. Return to the oven and bake for 10 more minutes. Let rest out of the oven for 10 minutes before serving. Sprinkle with parsley and serve., ingredients: [4 large russet potatoes, peeled and quartered, 10 whole garlic cloves, peeled, 12 cup sour cream, 14 to 12 cup beef broth, 4 tablespoons butter, softened, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, 4 slices bacon, cut into thin strips, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 medium onions, chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, plus 12 teaspoon, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 pound ground beef, 2 to 3 medium carrots, roughly chopped, about 1 cup, 34 cups frozen peas, thawed, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 12ounce bottle light or dark beer, 12 cup beef broth, 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh rosemary leaves, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Swiss or Cheddar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Shepherds Pie, picturelink: lJX6R0xWzVTQvTmoX0VnCN..H.UeN.}, 47315: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the cake mix with the container of cool whip and add 1 egg white. Spray a muffin tin with nonstick spray. Scoop 1 tablespoon of mixture into each tin. Flour your hands or the back of a spoon and press dough, flattening it like a pie crust. Bake for 8 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool before removing from pan.nMix the 2 cups of milk with the 2 packages of pudding mix. Mixture should be thick.nAdd 1 tablespoon of pudding mix on top of each cake and spread.nRaise temperature of oven to 425 degrees F.nBeat the remaining 1 cup of egg whites until soft peaks form, then add sugar and cream of tartar. Mix until stiff peaks form. Fold in the zest of 1 lemon. Spread or pipe 1 tablespoon of meringue on top of each cake. Cover the top completely. Bake at 425 degrees F until tips are slightly golden, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [One 18ounce box lemon cake mix, One 8ounce container cool whip, 1 egg white plus 1 cup egg whites, 2 cups milk, Two 3.4ounce packages instant lemon pudding mix, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 lemon, zested], title: Beks Lemon Meringue Tea Cakes, picturelink: rNeCJ82GkOq839Ebmz9Tczx0igZs.}, 47316: {instructions: Special equipment: 5inch ramekinnBring a large pot of water to a boil. Line a 5inch ramekin with plastic wrap, leaving at least a 2inch overhang smooth out the plastic in the ramekin as much as possible.nAdd the spinach to the pot of water, stir to submerge and cook until wilted and tender, about 2 minutes. Drain and let cool completely. Squeeze every last drop of water out of the spinach, then finely chop. Transfer to a medium bowl.nProcess the walnuts, 13 cup warm water, cilantro, tarragon, dill, vinegar, scallions, garlic, 1 14 teaspoons salt, coriander and cayenne in a food processor until the mixture is the consistency of mayonnaise.nAdd the walnutherb mixture to the bowl with the spinach, and stir to combine thoroughly. Spoon into the prepared ramekin, and pat down with the back of the spoon to compact. Cover with the plastic overhang, and refrigerate at least 4 hours up to overnight.nTo serve, unwrap and invert onto a serving platter. Garnish with pomegranate seeds and chopped walnuts. Serve with crackers or crudites., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh spinach not baby, large stems removed, 34 cup walnuts, plus more, chopped, for garnish, 12 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup loosely packed fresh tarragon leaves, 14 cup loosely packed fresh dill fronds, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 3 scallions, roughly chopped, 2 small cloves garlic, smashed, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons pomegranate seeds, Crackers or crudites, for serving], title: Vegetarian SpinachWalnut Pate, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 47317: {instructions: Bring canned vegetable soup to a boil. Stir in olivada and freshly grated Parmesan cheese to change the nature of the soup., ingredients: [], title: One More Use for Olivada, picturelink: null}, 47318: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and spray a baking sheet or sheets with cooking spray.nIn a big bowl, mix the sugar, butter, peanut butter, molasses, vanilla, baking powder and salt until its all one color. Add the bananas and mash them up real good in there.nAdd the flour and gently mix until incorporated, with no lumps.nFold in the chocolate chips, pretzel pieces and bacon.nUsing two spoons, form balls about the size of a large walnut and drop them on the prepared baking sheets at least 2 inches apart. Place the sheets in the fridge to chill for 10 minutes.nBake for 12 minutes, or until golden on the outside and super gooey in the middle, just like the King would want them. Let cool on a wire rack off the baking sheet.nFind this recipe and more in Duff Bakes: Think and Bake Like a Pro at Home 27.50, William Morrow., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 3 cups sugar, 2 sticks 1 cup butter, softened, 1 cup peanut butter crunchy or smooth, your call, 2 tablespoons molasses, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Big pinch of baking powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 very ripe bananas, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups chocolate chips, 5 ounces pretzels, smashed about 34 cup pretzel crumbs, 10 bacon strips, cooked crisp and chopped fine], title: Elvis Cookies, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 47319: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial Equipment: Vslicer or mandoline, deepfry thermometernWash the vegetables and dry very well. Set aside.nIn a small bowl combine the garlic, rosemary and salt. Set aside.nWarm the oil in a large pot over high heat to 350 degrees F.nMeanwhile, trim 1inch off the end of each sweet potato. Using the Vslicer or mandoline, slice the sweet potatoes into very thin slices, about 18inch thick. Trim 1inch off the root end of the beets. Using the Vslicer or mandoline slice the beets into very thin slices, about 18inch thick.nWhen the oil is hot add about a quarter of the sweet potato slices. Let fry until golden and the bubbling has almost completely subsided, about 2 to 3 minutes. Using a mesh sieve or slotted spoon remove the chips to a papertowellined baking sheet. Sprinkle with some of the garlic, rosemary, and salt mixture. Continue with the remaining sweet potatoes.nTransfer to a serving plate.nNext, fry 14 of the beets. Let fry until curled at the edges and most of the bubbling has subsided, about 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the beets to another papertowellined baking sheet and sprinkle with salt mixture. Continue with the remaining beets. Let cool and transfer to a serving plate., ingredients: [2 sweet potatoes, 2 beets, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 teaspoon very finely minced fresh rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons salt, 10 cups vegetable oil], title: Sweet Potato and Beet Chips with Garlic Rosemary Salt, picturelink: E488bQDtc91wOc7EycZ7wWMPvMeC4Tq}, 47320: {instructions: Cut pork or chicken into bitesize pieces. Wash, dry, seed and cut pepper into strips lengthwise. Peel the garlic cloves. Wash, peel and chop tomatoes. Wash and chop parsley.nIn a paella pan heat oil over moderately high heat and saute meat until browned on all sides. Remove meat from pan and transfer to side plate.nIn pan drippings, fry whole garlic cloves until golden and transfer them to a mortar. Add peppers and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add tomatoes and stir to combine. Mash fried garlic cloves with parsley and saffron in mortar.nAdd garlic mixture to cooking peppers and tomatoes and let simmer for a few minutes. Stir in 12 teaspoon sweet paprika. Return meat to pan and stir in 5 cups hot water, pinch of salt and cook for 20 minutes. Adjust seasoning if necessary.nAdd rice and cook on high heat for 10 minutes. Lower heat to medium low and cook for another 8 to 10 minutes. Taste a few grains of rice to verify that the its cooked through but al dente. It should also be soupy, not dry, so add a little more hot water if necessary.nRemove from heat and let stand for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup Spanish olive oil, 1 pound lean pork ribs and loin or boneless chicken meat, 2 red or green peppers, 2 cloves garlic, 2 very ripe tomatoes, 3 sprigs parsley, Pinch of saffron, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, Salt, 5 cups hot water, 14 ounces mediumgrain rice], title: Rice with Pork and Peppers, picturelink: null}, 47321: {instructions: Shake 2 ounces espresso liqueur with 2 ounces dark rum over ice strain and pour into a small glass. Whisk equal parts mascarpone cheese and heavy cream and float on top of the espressorum mixture. Garnish with a ladyfinger and a dusting of cocoa powder., ingredients: [2 ounces espresso liqueur, 2 ounces dark rum, Ice, as needed, 1 ounce mascarpone, 1 ounce heavy cream, Ladyfinger, for serving, Cocoa powder, for serving], title: Toasting Tiramisu Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 47322: {instructions: Bring the salted water to a boil and then add gnocchi. Cook gnocchi, stirring gently until tender, about 1 minute after they rise to the surface of the pot.nMeanwhile, in a large, deep skillet, bring the stock and butter to a boil over medium heat. Add the beans and pesto and season with salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a boil and remove from the heat.nRemove gnocchi from the water and add to the skillet. Heat through until coated with the sauce. Remove from heat and stir in the cheese. Serve immediately.nWash the herb leaves in cool water and dry them thoroughly, preferably in a salad spinner. Combine the herbs and garlic in a blender and blend on low speed, slowly adding the oil while the machine is running, until the pesto is smooth and all the oil is incorporated. Add salt to taste.nKeep in a sealed jar in the refrigerator and use as needed. Pesto will keep for up to 4 weeks or it may be frozen for up to 3 months.nYield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [6 quarts salted water, 1 recipe gnocchi, 12 cup chicken stock or reserved gnocchi cooking water, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup string beans, 6 tablespoons Herb Pesto recipe follows, Salt and pepper, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 1 cup packed fresh Italian parsley leaves, 12 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 12 cup packed mixed fresh sage, thyme, and marjoram leaves, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt], title: Gnocchi with Herb Pesto, picturelink: null}, 47323: {instructions: In a saucepan, place the Port, cinnamon and vanilla bean, and simmer to reduce to 1 cup. Add the cherries and heat through. Mix the cornstarch with 3 tablespoons juice drained from the cherries then stir it gently into the Port and cherries and cook gently until thickened.nPlace 13 cup ricotta into each of 6 dessert bowls, then top it with the hot Port and cherry sauce., ingredients: [3 cups ruby Port, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 vanilla bean, 2 cups frozen sour cherries, thawed, drained, juice reserved, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 3 tablespoons cherry juice, 2 cups ricotta, drained], title: Cherries in Port over Ricotta, picturelink: null}, 47324: {instructions: Soak the rice in cold water to cover by 2 inches for 3 hours up to overnight.nDrain the rice and transfer to a bamboo steaming basket, or a colander or steaming basket which can be suspended over boiling water. Set aside.nFill a wok or saucepan with water. Place a rack or tray at least 1 inch above the water, cover the wok, and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Uncover the wok and place the rice filled steaming basket on the rack over the steam. Cover and reduce the heat to maintain a steady steam, and cook until the rice is sticky enough to be squeezed into small lumps, about 30 to 45 minutes.nAdd boiling water to the pan as needed to maintain the original level.nWhen the rice is done, turn it out onto a large baking sheet. Wet a wooden spoon and quickly and gently spread the rice out into a shallow layer to help release some of the steam. When the rice is cool enough to touch, gather it into a large lump and place it into a basket or on a serving plate. Serve hot, warm or room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups sticky rice], title: Sticky Rice, picturelink: null}, 47325: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the stems from the tomatoes. Put the tomatoes, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, and salt into a blender, cover and blend on high speed for 1 12 minutes.nFill an ice cube tray with about 2 cups of the juice and freeze overnight. Pour the remaining juice into a lidded container and reserve, on the counter, overnight.nJust before serving, put 3 frozen cubes into each of 4 Collins glasses and add 1 12 ounces of vodka to each glass. Stir the reserved juice, pour 4 ounces into each glass and serve immediately.nCut each of the tomatoes into 8 pieces and put them into a large glass jar. Add the vodka, stir to combine, and cover. Put in a cool, dark place for at least 5 days and up to 7 days, stirring every day. After 7 days, strain through a fine mesh strainer and discard the solids.nTo store, pour the tomato vodka back into its original bottle, and keep in a cool, dark place.nYield: 1 750 ml bottlenPrep Time: 3 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 5 to 7 daysnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [1 34 pounds cherry or grape tomatoes, rinsed and dried, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, to taste, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 ounces tomato vodka, recipe follows, 1 pound ripe tomatoes, 1 750 ml bottle 80 proof vodka], title: Bloody Mary, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 47326: {instructions: In a large pot, hardboil the eggs. Drain and cool, then shell and dice the eggs.nDice the celery stalks, and place to the side with eggs.nIn a large pot, boil whole potatoes until fully cooked. Drain water. Let potatoes cool and then peel. In a large bowl crumble or mash potatoes.nAdd all remaining ingredients, including the eggs and celery, and mix. Serve immediately, or refrigerate until serving time., ingredients: [6 eggs, 4 celery stalks, 10 pounds russet potatoes, 3 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons prepared mustard, 3 tablespoons dill relish, 5 tablespoons real mayonnaise, Freshly ground black pepper], title: OldFashioned Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 47327: {instructions: In a large skillet heat oil and butter over medium high heat. Add shallot and cook for 1 minute. Stir in mushrooms and cook until wilted, about 3 minutes. Add wine or other liquid and bring to a simmer. Stir in cream and return to boil. Add cooked ravioli and some of the reserved pasta water and toss to coat. Simmer for 23 minutes. Serve hot with grated parmesan., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 4 ounces Mixed shiitake, button, oyster mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, 14 cup white wine, brandy, chicken stock or water, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 package fresh mushroom ravioli, cooked and drained with 14 cup reserved pasta cooking liquid, Grated parmesan], title: Sauteed Wild Mushrooms with Mushroom Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 47328: {instructions: For the mushrooms: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds.nIncrease the heat to high, add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the mushrooms and cook until golden brown and soft, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Add the wine and cook until reduced season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nFor the mac and cheese: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 9 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water to stop cooking. Transfer to a large bowl.nPut the milk into a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat.nHeat the oil in a large ovenproof saute pan over medium heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the cauliflower, season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Cook until slightly soft, about 5 minutes. Add 1 cup of water, cover loosely with foil and cook in the oven until soft.nTo make the bechamel, melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Slowly whisk in 4 cups of the milk and cook, whisking constantly, until thickened and the flour taste has been cooked out, about 7 minutes, adding more milk if the sauce is too thick.nRemove the cauliflower from the oven and transfer to a blender with 1 cup of the milk and blend until smooth. Add the cauliflower puree to the bechamel and stir until combined. Slowly whisk in the fontina, Monterey Jack, asiago and ParmigianoReggiano until smooth, adding more hot milk if too thick. Mix in the nutmeg. Pour the sauce over the pasta, add the mushrooms and stir well to combine.nButter a 10inch baking dish, transfer the pasta mixture to it and bake until bubbly and the top is lightly golden brown, about 30 minutes.nFor the breadcrumb topping: While the mac and cheese is baking, melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the anchovy paste and cook for 1 minute. Add the chiles and garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the breadcrumbs and cook until lightly toasted, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper.nServe the mac and cheese topped with some of the breadcrumbs and a drizzle of white truffle oil. Garnish with parsley leaves., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 small shallots, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped to a paste, 1 14 pounds cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced, 12 cup dry white wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound cavatappi pasta or other curly pasta, 5 to 6 cups whole milk, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small head cauliflower, cut into florets, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for buttering dish, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 8 ounces fontina cheese, grated, 8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, grated, 14 cup grated asiago cheese, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Pinch of grated nutmeg, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, 14 cup Calabrian chiles in oil, patted dry and chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 cups panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, White truffle oil, for drizzling, Fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Cauliflower and Mushroom Mac and Cheese, picturelink: 1FivniBcO3ntm3YxG.17LIh58aC6cuy}, 47329: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners.nCombine the red wine, flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt in the bowl of an electric stand mixer. Whip on medium speed for 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, and then add the vegetable oil and sour cream. Mix on medium speed for 1 additional minute. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, and then add the eggs and vanilla extract. Mix on medium speed for 1 minute. Fill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake until golden brown and baked through, about 25 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the ganache: In a medium saucepot, bring the red wine and heavy cream to a rolling simmer. Remove from the heat and stir in the chocolate with a whisk. Stir until the chocolate is fully melted and emulsified. Stir in the corn syrup. Pour into a small bowl and wrap tightly. Allow to cool at room temperature for at least 2 hours, until the ganache has fully set. Place the ganache into a pastry bag fitted with a medium round tip.nFor the buttercream: In a double boiler, combine the egg whites, sugar and cabernet wine powder. Stir with a whisk until the mixture is warm and the sugar is fully dissolved. Pour the warm egg white mixture into the bowl of an electric stand mixer. Whip on high speed until the meringue cools and stiff peaks are formed. Mix in the softened butter. Place into a piping bag fitted with a small round tip.nTo assemble: Using an apple corer, remove the center core of the baked cupcakes and fill each with 2 cherries. Pipe cabernetzinfandel chocolate ganache generously on top of the cupcakes, and top with cabernet buttercream, piped to look like a cluster of grapes., ingredients: [4 ounces red wine, such as cabernetzinfandel blend, 4 14 ounces allpurpose flour, 7 ounces sugar, 1 12 ounces dark cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 ounces soybean vegetable oil, 4 ounces sour cream, 2 ounces whole eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 ounces red wine, such as cabernetzinfandel blend, 3 12 ounces heavy cream, 10 14 ounces semisweet chocolate couverture, finely chopped, 1 ounce light corn syrup, 4 14 ounces egg whites, 6 ounces sugar, 1 12 ounces cabernet wine powder, 12 12 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 24 amarena cherries], title: South Beach Wine and Food Festival Cupcakes, picturelink: e8NShaztqrTe8OdSTkqM530W2P1KAlW}, 47330: {instructions: Combine the basil, lemon juice and agave in a pitcher. Using a wooden spoon, lightly crush the basil. Stir in the strawberries, Prosecco and soda water. Pour into chilled champagne glasses and serve., ingredients: [34 cup packed fresh basil leaves, Juice from 2 large lemons about 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup agave or honey, 8 medium fresh or frozen strawberries, thawed and sliced, One 750ml bottle Prosecco, chilled, 12 cup soda water or sparkling water, chilled], title: Strawberry, Lemon and Basil Mimosa, picturelink: y5Znbi6aUgDqmWjPr36spnh0YJW1PCu}, 47331: {instructions: To cook squash in the microwave, cut squash in 12, scoop out the seeds as if you were cleaning cantaloupe only it will be a little harder. Lay cut side down on a piece of microwave safe plastic wrap placed directly on microwave bottom or plate. Cook on high in 5 minute intervals until completely softened and cooked through, about 5 to 7 minutes for 12 an acorn squash. Cook times will vary depending upon the size and variety of your squash., ingredients: [1 acorn squash, about 1 12 pounds], title: Microwave Squash, picturelink: null}, 47332: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a medium nonreactive bowl. Set up a double boiler, adding 3 inches of water to the bottom pot. Bring to the boil. Whisk the ingredients until frothy. Pour into the double boiler and continue to whisk until the sauce is lightly thickened, about 7 minutes. If the sauce seems to be thickening too rapidly, lift the top pot off the heat, whisking continuously to disperse heat. Return the pan to the double boiler and continue whisking until done., ingredients: [2 large egg yolks, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons white wine, 6 dashes hot pepper sauce, 12 teaspoon salt], title: True Orange Sabayon, picturelink: null}, 47333: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSlice each tenderloin crosswise into 4 equal pieces. Wrap 1 piece of bacon around the pork and secure with toothpick or wooden skewer. Repeat with the remaining pork and bacon. Sprinkle with pepper. Heat a large castiron skillet over moderatelyhigh heat, add the pork and cook until golden brown, turning once, about 6 minutes total. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook until no longer pink in the middle and the bacon is golden and crispy, 8 to 10 minutes.nIn a large skillet over moderate heat, cook the remaining bacon until crispy, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the bacon and drain on paper towels. Keeping the fat in the pan over moderate heat, add the shallots to the pan and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the demiglace and wine and bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nServe the pork with generous drizzle of the pinot noir sauce., ingredients: [2 pounds pork tenderloin, 10 slices applewood smoked thickcut bacon, divided, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup shallots, finely chopped, 2 cups demiglace, 34 cup pinot noir wine], title: Pork Loin with Pinot Noir Sauce, picturelink: IHTBQDJ.iXrbLnMOm3yAaxL8ZdyGXXS}, 47334: {instructions: To cook the geoduck, remove the siphon the neck part from the shell. Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil, add the geoduck and cook for about 20 seconds. Immediately immerse in iced water. Drain and remove the outer skin and discard. Cut in half lengthwise and thinly slice on a bias the thinner the better as it will marinate and pick up more flavor. In a stainless steel bowl mix together the prepared geoduck, onions, and mushrooms. Cover and set aside in refrigerator for about 20 minutes.nIn a small bowl add the oil, rice wine vinegar and mustard and combine well. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. At this point carefully add hot sauce to your liking. Remember the more you add the hotter it gets. To finish, add a little dressing to the geoduck salad and let marinate for a further 20 minutes in the refrigerator.nToss the chopped romaine lettuce, chives, cilantro and mango in a serving bowl and top with the geoduck salad., ingredients: [1 small geoduck clam, 1 small red onion, sliced, 1 cup assorted fresh mushrooms, sliced and sauteed, 18 cup olive oil, 18 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon stoneground mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, or to taste recommended: Tabasco, 3 cups chopped romaine lettuce 12 cup per serving, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped chives, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 18 cup chopped fresh mango], title: Geoduck and Mushroom Salad, picturelink: null}, 47335: {instructions: Special equipment: large heavy bottomed ovenproof skilletnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace 1 truffle shaving and 1 shallot into the cavity of each quail. Season the quail with salt and pepper.nHeat the olive oil over high heat in a large heavy bottomed ovenproof skillet. Place the quail in the skillet breast side down and cook until the skin is golden brown in color. Turn the quail and cook for 3 more minutes. Place the skillet directly in the oven and roast for approximately 10 minutes. Let the quail rest for 5 minutes before serving.nHeat the butter and olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.nAdd the onion, shallot and garlic and cook until translucent. Add the quinoa and toast until golden, stirring to brown evenly. Add the kosher salt. Add 1 cup of water and simmer the quinoa until all the water is absorbed. Add remaining 2 cups of water, 1 at a time, simmering until quinoa is tender.nRemove from the heat and stir in the prosciutto, thyme and lemon zest.nYield: 6 servingsnPreparation Time: 15 minutesnCooking Time: 40 minutesnPlace the cider, white wine vinegar and brown sugar together in a stainless steel pot.nBring to a boil, stirring until the sugar has dissolved.nReduce the heat to medium and add in the dried dates, Granny Smith apple, garlic and ginger. Cook for 15 minutes or until most of the liquid has been absorbed.nStir in the fresh figs, paprika, cardamom and kosher salt. Cook for 5 minutes.nThe chutney will keep for several weeks stored in the refrigerator in an airtight container., ingredients: [6 shaved slices fresh truffle, 6 medium sized shallots, peeled, 6 whole quails, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Serving suggestion:, Toasted Quinoa with Prosciutto, recipe follows, Date and Fig Chutney, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped white onion, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup quinoa, rinsed well, see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups water, 12 cup sliced prosciutto, julienned, see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 34 cup apple cider, 34 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 12 cups dried dates, chopped, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and cubed, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 3 fresh figs, chopped, 1 teaspoons paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Pan Roasted Quail, picturelink: null}, 47336: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the coriander, smoked paprika, cumin. 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon ground black pepper.nLightly coat the chickens with oil, then sprinkle generously with the salt and spice mixture.nCombine the tomatoes, garlic and onions in a large roasting pan and place the two chickens on top, breastside up. Roast until an instantread thermometer inserted in the thigh registers 160 degrees F, about 45 minutes as the chicken rests, the temperature will rise to 165 degrees F.nTransfer the chicken to a large carving board to rest, then place the roasting pan on the stovetop and bring the tomato mixture to a boil. Boil for 1 minute and season to taste with salt and pepper. Puree with a hand blender or transfer to a blender to process until smooth. Reserve the sauce and serve the chicken.nAfter serving the chicken, pull any remaining meat from the bones and mix with the sauce. Freeze in small containers for up to 3 months., ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 3 12 to 5pound whole chickens roaster size, Olive or vegetable oil, as needed, One 28ounce can chopped tomatoes, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 cups minced yellow onions], title: SouthOfSomething Chicken, picturelink: null}, 47337: {instructions: Saute the shallot in butter for 5 minutes or until tender. Add the steeped saffron in white wine and evaporate. Add the orzo and saute just enough to coat the pasta kernels.nAdd the chicken broth and bring to a boil and cook until the pasta has absorbed the broth, and is tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the shrimp, cover and steep just long enough for the shrimp to gently warm through. Season to taste with salt and crushed red pepper garnish with parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 14 teaspoon saffron threads steeped in 2 tablespoons white wine, 1 34 cups homemade chicken broth, 1 cup orzo pasta, Salt and crushed red pepper flakes, 8 ounces cooked shrimp, chopped, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped Italian parsley], title: Orzo Risotto, picturelink: null}, 47338: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over moderate heat, melt the butter. Add chicken and brown skin side down. Turn over and add chopped onion. Cook until soft and starting to color about 6 to 8 minutes. Cover with chicken stock, and add the coffee and brown sugar, if using. Reduce heat to medium and cook the red eye gravy until thick enough to coat the back of the spoon, about 2 to 4 hours. Strain stock into a large bowl and reserve. The chicken can be used for another recipe or discarded.nPreheat a large heavy bottomed frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Season ham steaks with black pepper and add to the hot skillet. Cook until golden brown on each side, 6 to 8 minutes and transfer to serving plates.nIn the same skillet, once steaks have been removed, reduce heat to medium and fry the eggs to desired doneness.nCover the steaks with redeye gravy and crown with a fried egg. This dish can be served with potatoes, hash browns or biscuits, if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 whole chicken, cut into pieces, 1 white onion, roughly chopped, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 12 cups strong brewed coffee, 14 teaspoon brown sugar, optional, 4 ham steaks, trimmed, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 eggs], title: Over Easy Ham Steak with RedEye Gravy, picturelink: null}, 47339: {instructions: Through the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, the vinegar, shallot, chives, salt and pepper. Leaving the blender running, add the oil in a slow thin stream to allow to emulsify. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve over salad greens and vegetables., ingredients: [14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 shallot, quartered, 2 teaspoons chopped chives, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup canola oil, 1 head iceberg lettuce, center core banged out, spines removed from leaves, torn into bite sized pieces, and rinsed well and dried in a salad spinner, 3 cups spring greens, spines removed from leaves, torn into bite sized pieces, soaked in salt water to remove grits, rinsed well and dried in a salad spinner, 3 cups baby organic spinach, about 12 pound, spines removed from leaves, torn into bite sized pieces, soaked in salt water to remove grits, rinsed well and dried in a salad spinner, 1 medium red onion, diced, 1 pound fresh cranberries], title: Tightrope Tossed Salad, picturelink: null}, 47340: {instructions: Combined all ingredients in a pitcher full of ice. Stir and strain into martini glasses., ingredients: [2 parts gin, 1 part apricot brandy, 12 part sweet vermouth, 12 part lemon juice, 1 part cranberry juice], title: Regal Rose, picturelink: 8Hw4wT36N9SoooUIlmFFRiter.Fv6YG}, 47341: {instructions: Special equipment: Medium bowl Large spoon Small sealable plastic bag Rolling pin Paring knife use with an adult Melonballer Medium baking dishnHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl mix together the apple juice, dried cherries, raisins, dates, and honey with a spoon. Put the cookies in the plastic bag and seal the bag. Break the cookies up into very small pieces with the rolling pin. Mix the broken cookies with the fruit. Set the bowl aside.nCut about a 12inch slice off the top of each apple. The apple tops are perfect for snacking. Scoop out the seeds of the apple with a melonballer to make a pocket. Pack the fruit filling into the apples. Top each apple with a 12 teaspoon of the butter. Poke a cinnamon stick into the center of the filling, like the stem of an apple. Set the stuffed apples snugly in a ovenproof baking dish and 13 cup water to the pan. Bake for 45 minutes or until the apple is soft and the top is slightly browned. Cool to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons apple juice, 14 cup dried cherries, 14 cup golden raisins, 14 cup chopped dates, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 almond biscotti cookies, 4 Rome apples or other baking apples, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 4 whole cinnamon sticks], title: Stuffed Baked Apples, picturelink: null}, 47342: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak the corn cobs in water, so the husks dont burn when you grill them. Minimum 1 hour but overnight is fine.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nTo make the butter, put the pasilla chile peppers on a baking sheet and bake them until very brittle, about 15 minutes. When they are done, remove and cool them. Remove the seeds and crumble the chiles into a food processor. Add the butter and process until combined.nLay out a sheet of plastic wrap on top of a sheet of foil. Turn the butter out onto the wrap and roll it into a cylinder. First wrap the plastic wrap around the cylinder and then secure the foil around it. Twist the ends, gradually applying more pressure as you twist, in order to make the cylinder taught. Alternatively, pile the butter into ramekins and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate it until firm.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Remove the corn from the water and shake or pat them dry. Grill the corn on the cob for 10 minutes, turning it every couple of minutes. Remove the corn cobs from the grill and pull the husks back on each one. Lay slices of the chilled pasilla butter on and let it melt. The corn will have beautiful flecks of chile. Or serve the ramekins on the dinner table for everyone to help themselves., ingredients: [8 sweet corn cobs, husks on, 10 dried pasilla chile peppers, 1 pound salted softened butter], title: Corn with Pasilla Butter, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 47343: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Sift together the cake flour, baking powder, and salt and set aside. Using the butter wrapper, butter an 8 12 by 4 12 by 2 12inch glass loaf pan set aside.nIn a bowl of an electric mixer, fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, mixing to incorporate after each one. Stir in vanilla and almond extract.nAdd the dry ingredients, alternating with the buttermilk, starting and ending with the flour. Set aside 13 of the batter.nIn small bowl using a rubber spatula, combine cocoa powder and 6 tablespoons boiling water together. Mix until smooth. Add mixture to reserved 13 of batter. Stir until well combined.nFill the prepared pan by alternating large spoonfuls of the vanilla and chocolate batters, simulating a checkerboard pattern. Run a wooden skewer or paring knife through batter in a circular motion. Bake until a cake tester comes out clean, 40 to 50 minutes. Remove to a wire rack to cool, invert after 5 minutes. Cool for about 30 minutes. Spoon glaze on slightly cooled cake, letting it drip down the sides. Let the glaze dry for about 12 of an hour, slice and serve. Store airtight container up to 4 days.nIn a small bowl using a wooden spoon combine the butter, confectioners sugar, and milk. Stir until smooth and pourable.nYield: 13 cup, ingredients: [1 34 cup cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 23 cup buttermilk, room temperature, 5 tablespoons best quality cocoa powder, Glaze, recipe follows, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 4 teaspoons whole milk, room temperature], title: Marbled Loaf Cake, picturelink: null}, 47344: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all the ingredients for the BBQ Blend.nIn a shallow glass or ceramic casserole whisk together the beer, sugar, salt, oil, vinegar, tarragon, allspice berries, and several grinds of the AllAmerican BBQ Blend. Mix well and add the pork chops, massaging and turning them once in the marinade to coat well. Cover and place in the refrigerator for 4 to 5 hours, turning once half way through.nRemove the meat about 30 minutes before putting on the barbeque to come up to room temperature. Place the apple wood chunks and rosemary sprigs on to soak and start about 15 pounds of charcoal. Place a hotel pan with water in it under the grill where the meat will be smoking to add moisture to the smoke and catch the drips of fat. When the coals are good and white hot, and you have blown on them a few times to stoke the fire, spread them out and add a few drained wood chunks at a time to the hot coals. Be careful not to put the fire out. You should start with only half of the total amount of wood chunks. Stoke the fire some more and close the top to the BBQ. Open the flue and chimney cap., ingredients: [1 tablespoon 4color peppercorns, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon dried bay leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon dried lemon peel, 2 teaspoons dried shallots, 2 teaspoons roasted freezedried garlic, 1 teaspoon anise seeds, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon allspice berries, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 24 ounces Belgian ale recommended: Duvel, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 3 tablespoons grape seed oil, 3 tablespoons malt vinegar, 14 cup chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 6 whole allspice berries, Several grinds Petes American BBQ, recipe follows, 5 to 6 pound centercut boneless pork loin, cut into 1inch chops, 5 pounds apple wood chunks, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, Water pan, for catching drips], title: Smoked Pork Loin Center Cut Chops in Belgian Ale Marinade, picturelink: oI9DIIv1zC9T.CtcWsbe7lMCL0cPKJu}, 47345: {instructions: For the roast chicken: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSprinkle the cavities of the chickens with the salt and pepper stuff each with 2 lemon halves, 2 garlic cloves and 2 thyme sprigs. Rub the skins with the clarified butter. Truss the chickens.nPlace the chickens, breast side up, on a rack set into a roasting pan. Roast until golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees and scatter the onions, carrots and celery around the chickens. Roast until the chickens are 160 degrees at the thigh, 45 to 60 minutes more. Remove to a cutting board and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes.nPlace the roasting pan on the stovetop and cook until the vegetables are caramelized. Pour off all but 2 ounces of the chicken fat. Add the flour and cook for 2 minutes, whisking. Whisk the stock into the roux until smooth, then simmer for 20 minutes. Season the pan gravy with salt and pepper. Before serving, whisk the unsalted butter into the gravy.nCut the chickens in half and remove the backbone.nFor the sweet potato puree: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPierce the skins of the sweet potatoes with a fork. Roast until tender, about 45 minutes.nScrape the sweet potato flesh into a food processor. Add the butter and brown sugar, and puree until smooth. Season with salt and white pepper.nFor the green beans: Bring 1 gallon water to a boil, and season with 2 ounces kosher salt. Set up an ice bath for shocking the green beans.nAdd onethird of the green beans to the boiling water cook until al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer the beans to the ice bath to stop cooking. Remove the beans from the ice bath and dry well. Repeat two more times, until all the green beans are blanched.nHeat 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil in a large skillet. Add the blanched green beans and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the butter and the almonds, and cook for another 1 to 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nTo plate: Divide the sweet potato puree between 6 plates, and make a smear with the puree. Place one chicken half on each plate. Lean some of the green beans up against the chicken, and then spoon 3 to 4 ounces of the pan gravy over the chicken. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 whole chickens, giblets removed 3 pounds each, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 lemons, halved, 6 cloves garlic, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 5 fluid ounces clarified butter, 1 onion, diced, 1 carrot, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 2 ounces flour, 1 quart chicken stock, Kosher salt and black pepper, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 4 sweet potatoes, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Kosher salt, White pepper, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds green beans, ends snipped, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 3 ounces almond slices, toasted, Black pepper], title: Roast Chicken, picturelink: null}, 47346: {instructions: Using a peeler or a paring knife, peel a 12inch strip around the circumference of each potato. Fill a large saucepan with cold water. Add the potatoes and place them over high heat. Boil potatoes until fork tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and place the potatoes back into the pan on the burner for 30 seconds to dry them out. Add the butter and toss in the herbs. Season the potatoes with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 12 pounds medium to large red potatoes, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup chopped dill, Salt and pepper], title: ParsleyDill Potatoes, picturelink: cnC1yU09c3Fo.qic9dTuDQrg6ojPl2e}, 47347: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace cauliflower and broccoli into a 9 by 13 inch baking dish, toss with the olive oil, and sprinkle with salt. Cover the dish and bake for 12 hour. Remove the cover, stir and cook for 30 to 40 minutes more, until vegetables are tender and nicely browned, stirring occasionally., ingredients: [1 small head cauliflower 2 pounds, cut into florets, 2 large stalks broccoli 1 pound, cut into florets, 1 head garlic, broken into cloves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Roasted Cauliflower and Broccoli, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 47348: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a nonreactive bowl, toss to combine and let stand for 10 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pineapple, peeled, cored, and cubed, 12 cup chopped cilantro or flat leaf parsley, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 12 teaspoon Vietnamese chile paste also called hot chile paste or 12 jalapeno, seeded and minced, Salt], title: Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: null}, 47349: {instructions: Scrape off and discard the frosting from the cupcakes crumble the cupcakes into crumbs. Press all but 14 cup crumbs into the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch deepdish pie plate. Freeze 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, let the ice cream and sorbet soften at room temperature, about 15 minutes. Spread the ice cream evenly over the crust using an offset spatula or rubber spatula spread the sorbet on top. Return the pie to the freezer between layers if the ice cream gets too soft. Freeze while you make the whipped cream.nBeat the heavy cream and confectioners sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. Top the pie with the whipped cream and sprinkle the reserved cupcake crumbs around the edge. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours or overnight.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 storebought red velvet cupcakes, 1 12 pints vanilla ice cream, 1 12 pints blueberry sorbet, 2 cups cold heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar], title: Red VelvetBlueberry Ice Cream Pie, picturelink: 83wTiowZYWjyPItYU952LfLC0G2qFwC}, 47350: {instructions: To a tall, icefilled mixing glass, add tangerine juice and grenadine. Shake and pour into an icefilled tumbler. Top with club soda. Garnish with orange wheels., ingredients: [3 ounces freshly squeezed honey tangerine juice, 1ounce grenadine, Club soda, Orange wheels, to garnish], title: Honey Tangerine Soda, picturelink: null}, 47351: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCream the butter with both sugars in a mixing bowl until fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the vanilla and beat.nCombine the flour, salt, baking powder and baking soda. Add to the mixing bowl and mix until combined. After that, add in the oats, chocolate candies, chocolate chips and pecans in whatever quantity you prefer. Add the cereal at the very end, mixing until just combined. Do not over mixnUse a cookie scoop to scoop balls of dough onto a cookie sheet. Bake until golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes, and then allow to cool on a rack.nServe with glasses of cold milk., ingredients: [2 sticks 12 pound salted butter, softened, 1 12 cups brown sugar, packed, 12 cup white sugar, 2 whole large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 cup oats either quick or regular, 1 cup chocolate coated candies, such as MMs, 34 cup chocolate chips milk or semisweet, 12 cup pecans, chopped, 2 14 cups rice cereal, such as Rice Krispies, Cold milk, for serving], title: Monster Cookies, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 47352: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWith an electric mixer or by hand, cream butter and sugar in a large bowl. Add vanilla and then stir in flour and chopped nuts until combined. Roll tablespoonsized pieces of dough into crescent shapes. Repeat until no dough remains. Arrange on an ungreased baking sheet and bake for 20 to 30 minutes, until cookies are lightly golden.nWhile cookies are in the oven, put 2 cups powdered sugar in a large resealable bag. Remove cookies from baking sheet and add them to the bag of powdered sugar. Carefully turn cookies in sugar while they are still hot. Remove cookies from bag and shake lightly to remove excess sugar., ingredients: [1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter or 2 sticks oleo and 2 sticks butter, room temperature, 1 heaping cup powered sugar, plus 2 cups for coating, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 5 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, 2 cups pecans, chopped], title: Nanas Crescents or Sand Tarts, picturelink: null}, 47353: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the sugar, salt, olive oil, water, 1 cup of flour, yeast, and remaining cup of flour into a standing mixers work bowl. Using the paddle attachment, start the mixer on low and mix until the dough just comes together, forming a ball. Lube the hook attachment with cooking spray. Attach the hook to the mixer and knead for 15 minutes on medium speed.nTear off a small piece of dough and flatten into a disc. Stretch the dough until thin. Hold it up to the light and look to see if the bakers windowpane, or taut membrane, has formed. If the dough tears before it forms, knead the dough for an additional 5 to 10 minutes.nRoll the pizza dough into a smooth ball on the countertop. Place into a stainless steel or glass bowl. Add 2 teaspoons of olive oil to the bowl and toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 18 to 24 hours.nPlace the pizza stone or tile onto the bottom of a cold oven and turn the oven to its highest temperature, about 500 degrees F. If the oven has coils on the oven floor, place the tile onto the lowest rack of the oven. Split the pizza dough into 2 equal parts using a knife or a dough scraper. Flatten into a disk onto the countertop and then fold the dough into a ball.nWet hands barely with water and rub them onto the countertop to dampen the surface. Roll the dough on the surface until it tightens. Cover one ball with a tea towel and rest for 30 minutes.nRepeat the steps with the other piece of dough. If not baking the remaining pizza immediately, spray the inside of a ziptop bag with cooking spray and place the dough ball into the bag. Refrigerate for up to 6 days.nSprinkle the flour onto the peel and place the dough onto the peel. Using your hands, form a lip around the edges of the pizza. Stretch the dough into a round disc, rotating after each stretch. Toss the dough in the air if you dare. Shake the pizza on the peel to be sure that it will slide onto the pizza stone or tile. Dress and bake the pizza immediately for a crisp crust or rest the dough for 30 minutes if you want a chewy texture.nBrush the rim of the pizza with olive oil. Spread the pizza sauce evenly onto the pizza. Sprinkle the herbs onto the pizza and top with the cheese.nSlide the pizza onto the tile and bake for 7 minutes, or until bubbly and golden brown. Rest for 3 minutes before slicing.nThis recipes been on the web for some time now and although most of the reactions have been darned positive, some of you have commented that the dough was way too salty. At first we chalked this up to personal preference some folks are just not as sensitive as others to this basic flavor. And of course salty toppings would definitley change the dynamic. Still, we didnt want to leave it at that. We went back to the lab and found that the flake size of kosher salt differs quite a bit from brand to brand. This could easily result in a too salty crust. So unless youve had success with the recipe in the past, we suggest you cut the salt by one teaspoon, from a tablespoon to two teaspoons. So that the yeast doesnt go crazy, you should also cut back on the sugar by half a teaspoon. Thanks, AB, ingredients: [2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon pure olive oil, 34 cup warm water, 2 cups bread flour for bread machines, 1 teaspoon instant yeast, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Olive oil, for the pizza crust, Flour, for dusting the pizza peel, 1 12 ounces pizza sauce, 12 teaspoon each chopped fresh herbs such as thyme, oregano, red pepper flakes, for example, A combination of 3 grated cheeses such as mozzarella, Monterey Jack, and provolone], title: Pizza Pizzas, picturelink: N0KU6WYlVi4UhTIUokIAWzJpqERJCpe}, 47354: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottoms and sides of two 9inch round cake pans dust with flour, then tap out the excess.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside.nBeat the butter, granulated sugar and oil in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light in color and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, then beat in the vanilla until combined.nAlternate folding the flour mixture and milk into the batter with a spatula, adding the flour in 3 additions and the milk in 2, starting and ending with the flour, until just smooth. Add the sprinkles and fold 3 or 4 times until just blended to prevent the colors from bleeding too much. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans.nBake the cakes on the same oven rack, rotating the pans about halfway if they seem to be browning unevenly, until golden on top and the centers spring back to the touch, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool in the pans about 10 minutes, then turn out onto cooling racks and let cool completely.nFor the frosting: While the cakes cool, beat the butter and salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Gradually beat in the confectioners sugar. Once its all been added, increase the speed to mediumhigh, and beat until white and fluffy. Beat in the vanilla until blended. Add 2 tablespoons of the milk, and beat to incorporate. Beat in the remaining milk, 1 tablespoon at a time the frosting will be spreadable but not runny.nTo assemble: Place 1 cake layer rightside up on a cake plate or stand, and spread with 1 cup of the frosting. Top with the second cake layer. Frost the top and sides of the cake with the remaining frosting. Decorate the top with additional sprinkles.nThe cake layers can be made a day ahead wrap the cooled layers in plastic and aluminum foil and store at room temperature overnight. You can also assemble and frost the cake the day before serving let it stand at room temperature overnight, covered by a large bowl or cake dome if your kitchen is very hot, chill the cake and let it stand at room temperature for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pans, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pans See Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 5 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons rainbow sprinkles or jimmies, plus more for decorating, 3 sticks 1 12 cups unsalted butter, at room temperature, Pinch fine salt, 3 14 cups confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 14 cup milk], title: Fluffy Confetti Birthday Cake, picturelink: Sg4IQX7HOBCnpTmhwJI5U04L8Zhp7S}, 47355: {instructions: Fill a 15ounce glass with ice. Pour light rum, grenadine, orange Curacao, sour mix, and pineapple juice in the glass. Top off with dark rum and garnish., ingredients: [1 ounce light rum, 12 ounce orange liqueur Recommended: Curacao, 14 ounce grenadine, 1 ounce sour mix, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 1 ounce dark rum, Pineapple wedge, cherry, lime and tropical paper umbrella, for garnish], title: Sams Mai Tai, picturelink: null}, 47356: {instructions: Toss together the pickles, pepperoncini, olive oil, vinegar, tomatoes and onions in a large bowl. Add salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [Salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 30ounce jar dill pickles, drained and diced, One 25.5ounce jar pepperoncini, drained and diced, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 5 tomatoes, diced, 1 yellow onion, diced], title: T.O.P.P. Tomato, Onion, Pepperoncini and Pickle Salad, picturelink: null}, 47357: {instructions: Score the bottom of peaches with an X. Remove the skins of the peaches by dropping them in a pot of simmering water for 30 to 60 seconds. Remove the peaches, set aside to cool in a bowl of ice water and then peel off the loosened skins. Remove the pits from the peaches and then finely chop the flesh. Put the chopped peaches in a bowl.nPour the cream into a large mixing bowl. Add a 14 cup sugar and the vanilla extract. Whip into soft peaks.nCut the corn bread into thin slices. Layer the bottom of a clear glass trifle or other serving bowl with a third of the cornbread. Add a third of the peaches on top of the cornbread and then a third of the whipped cream on top of that. Repeat the layers two more times and crumble the final layer of the cornbread on top.nRefrigerate and serve cold., ingredients: [2 pounds very ripe peaches, 14 cup sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pound cornbread either storebought or homemade], title: Peach Cornbread Trifle, picturelink: gRo.yBUmUhUcSE544hp.pWWKUqy45m}, 47358: {instructions: Grind juniper berries, coriander and red pepper in a blender. Then rub the pork tenderloin with the spices. Smoke the pork for 6 minutes at low heat. Put aside.nSaute the onion in the butter and garlic. Add salt and pepper. Add the stone grits, water and bouquet garni. Bring it to a boil, then finish cooking in the oven for 30 minutes in a preheated 380 degree F oven.nCook the grits. Once cooked, add all the vegetables and mix well. Check the seasonings. Put aside.nBroth: 1 branch celery, sliced 1 carrot, sliced 1 red pepper, sliced 12 onion, sliced 2 teaspoons harissa Salt, to taste 2 12 cups chicken stocknGarnish: Whole grain mustard Sage, juliennednBoil all the vegetables in the chicken stock for 30 minutes. Put everything in the blender to make a puree. Check the seasoning. Strain and put aside.nSaute the pork in the peanut oil and salt until cooked medium. Let it rest for 5 to 10 minutes. Brush the pork with some whole grain mustard and sprinkle some julienne of sage. Put the grits in the middle of the plate and the sliced pork on top. Pour the broth around., ingredients: [2 teaspoons juniper berries, 2 teaspoons whole coriander, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 pork tenderloins, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, Salt, 1 diced onion, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, Salt and white pepper, to taste, 1 cup white stoned grits, 2 cups water, 1 bouquet garni, 14 cup cooked garbanzo beans, 1 branch celery, sliced and steamed, 12 leek, sliced and steamed, 1 roasted red pepper, julienned, 2 tablespoons chives, chopped, 13 cup carrots, steamed and diced, 13 cup turnips, steamed and diced, Salt, to taste], title: Pork Tenderloin with Grits Couscous, picturelink: null}, 47359: {instructions: Using a chefs knife, trim the unpeeled potatoes into rectangular blocks. Cut each into 14inch thick slices. Stack two or more slices together and cut into 14inch julienne strips. Cut these strips into 14inch dice and place in a saucepan, covered with cold water, until ready to cook.nPlace the potatoes in cold water, bring to a boil, then immediately take off the heat and drain. Allow the potatoes to air dry. Meanwhile, prepare the persillade by mixing together the garlic and parsley. It is possible to prepare the dish ahead to this point.nIf the potatoes arent thoroughly dry, blot them with towels. Heat the oil in a very large skillet over medium heat. Add the potatoes and cook, tossing occasionally, until they brown lightly, 6 to 8 minutes. You may drain and discard oil at this point, if desired. Add the butter and continue sauteing for another 5 minutes or longer to brown the potatoes completely. Just before serving, toss the potatoes with the garlic and parsley over medium heat for about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 waxy potatoes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup minced parsley, 4 to 6 tablespoons canola or other high quality vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and pepper], title: Potatoes Persillade, picturelink: null}, 47360: {instructions: Dust the chicken breasts with the seasoned flour shake of any excess. Heat the olive oil in a heavy sided medium saute pan over medium heat and then add the chicken breasts. Saute until golden brown on both sides. Once the chicken breasts are browned, drain the oil and add the lemon juice, chicken stock, and capers to the pan with the chicken. Reduce for about 5 minutes, turning the chicken breasts halfway through. The chicken is done when it is firm to the touch. Turn off the heat and add the butter, stirring until melted. Put 1 chicken breast on each of 4 plates and drizzle with remainder of the sauce., ingredients: [4 6ounce chicken breasts, 2 cups allpurpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon capers, 13 cup unsalted sweet cream butter], title: Chicken Piccata, picturelink: 4FniDSHaG4CScBnzVCZayi8z.3WLGDG}, 47361: {instructions: Remove the outside leaves from the lettuce and cut in half. Remove the core and slice the halves in half again, making 4 wedges and wash thoroughly. Drizzle with Creamy French Dressing and sprinkle the tomato halves and bacon over the salad.nCombine the first 8 ingredients in a small bowl. Add the oil slowly while whisking constantly. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 head iceberg lettuce, 1 cup halved cherry tomatoes, 4 slices bacon, cooked crisp and crumbled, Creamy French Dressing, recipe follows, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon paprika, 13 cup vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wedge Salad with Homemade French Dressing, picturelink: ut0kjMPV5ulzbT3EX7AO7qNKwquBIiu}, 47362: {instructions: Place the honey, lemon juice, vermouth and gin in the base of a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Put the top on the cocktail shaker and shake. Using a strainer, pour the mixture into a glass, add ice and top off with the seltzer. Crush the fresh lavender in your hand and garnish the cocktail. Serve with a straw., ingredients: [12 ounce lavender honey, 12 ounce freshly squeezed Meyer lemon juice, 12 ounce dry vermouth, such as Vya Whisper Dry Vermouth, 1 ounce gin, such as 209 Gin, About 2 ounces sparkling seltzer, Sprig of fresh lavender], title: Napa Spritz, picturelink: null}, 47363: {instructions: In a large heavy flameproof casserole, heat the oil over moderate high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it brown the beef, patted dry, and seasoned with salt and pepper, on all sides. Transfer the beef to a plate, add the onions and the garlic to the casserole, and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, until the onions are golden.nStir in the tomatoes, vinegar, brown sugar, bay leaf, and water, bringing the mixture to a boil, and add the beef. Braise the beef, covered, in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 1 hour, add the carrots and braise the mixture, covered, for 30 minutes. Add the potatoes, drained, and braise the mixture, covered, for 30 minutes, or until the beef and the vegetables are tender.nPot roast may be prepared up to this point 2 days in advance, cooled, uncovered, and chilled, covered. Discard any solidified fat before reheating the pot roast.nTransfer the beef with slotted spoons to a cutting board and let it stand for 10 minutes. Skim the fat from the top of the cooking mixture and bring the mixture to a boil. Stir the cornstarch mixture and add enough of it to the boiling cooking mixture, stirring, to thicken the gravy to the desired consistency. Simmer the gravy mixture, stirring occasionally, for 2 minutes, season it with salt and pepper, and discard the bay leaf.nSlice the beef and spoon some of the gravy over it. Serve gravy on the side, as well. Garnish the beef with the parsley., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 boneless chuck roast, 3 12 to 4 pounds, rolled and tied, 1 onion, chopped fine, 4 garlic cloves, chopped fine, 34 cup canned crushed tomatoes, 14 cup redwine vinegar, 1 tablespoon firmly packed brown sugar, 1 bay leaf, 2 12 cups water, 34 pound carrots, cut diagonally into 1inch thick slices, 1 pound small red potatoes, peeled and kept in a bowl of cold water, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch dissolved in 12 tablespoons cold water, Minced fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Pot Roast with Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 47364: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F with a rack set about 4 inches from the heat source. Put a baking sheet on the rack to heat up while you prep the mushrooms.nUse a knife to cut off just enough of the base to separate the mushroomsyou may need to use your hand to help separate them. Discard the bases and put the mushrooms into a large mixing bowl. Drizzle the olive oil over the mushrooms and season with 14 teaspoon pepper. Toss to coat.nRemove the hot baking sheet from the oven and pour the mushrooms onto the sheet. Use a spatula to gently spread out the mushrooms into a single layer. Roast until mostly golden brown and crispy, about 20 minutes, using a spatula to turn the mushrooms occasionally so that they cook evenly.nSeason the mushrooms liberally with salt and pile in a small bowl. Serve immediately as a bar snackor any snack., ingredients: [], title: Crisp Roasted Beech Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 47365: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel the mango, cut into slices, and drop into the feed tube of a running blender to puree. Add the rice wine vinegar, cilantro, garlic, ginger, water, oil, mustard, and lime juice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nBring chicken stock to a simmer. In a separate large saucepan on an adjacent burner, heat the olive oil and add the shallots and the rice. Lightly saute: you actually are toasting the rice. Cook until the rice becomes translucent and the shallots become soft, stirring constantly. Add the white wine to deglaze the pan. Begin slowly adding the warm stock, 1 ladlefull at a time, to the rice pan, stirring as you go. This will bring out the starch in the rice and make the mixture creamy. As the mixture absorbs the broth, ladle more into the pot. When the first ladle of stock has been absorbed into the rice, add the pinch of saffron. When all of the stock has been ladled into the rice pot, slowly simmer until the rice is soft and creamy. Stir the butter into the risotto for more flavor and creaminess. Set aside, keeping warm until needed.nHeat a saute pan for the fish. Rub fish fillets with oil, salt and pepper. Place in pan, skin side facing up. Turn the fish over after 3 to 4 minutes. Cook for another 3 to 4 minutes or until done. Do not overcook the fish. It is done when the flesh springs back. Remove the fish to a utility platter. Place a mound of risotto on each plate. Top with mahimahi. Drizzle some mango sauce around the plate and top with chopped scallions., ingredients: [1 mango, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves, soaked or wellrinsed to remove all traces of sand, 1 clove garlic, quartered, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh ginger, 1ounce bottled water, 14 cup canola oil, 1 12 teaspoons stoneground mustard, 1 lime microwaved and juiced allow to cool before squeezing, Salt, Pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 cup Arborio rice, 12 cup white wine, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 pinch saffron threads, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 6ounce mahimahi fillets, 14 cup olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 or 3 scallions, chopped, for garnish], title: Seared MahiMahi with Saffron Risotto and Mango Sauce, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 47366: {instructions: For the butter: In a bowl, crush the roasted garlic with a spoon. Mix in the butter, chervil, marjoram, ground cinnamon, and ginger and set aside.nFor the butternut squash: In large skillet melt the butter over medium heat. Add the squash and season with salt. Cook for 6 minutes until golden on all sides. Add brown sugar and cook until the squash is caramelized and tender, but not mushy. Set aside and keep warm.nFor the risotto: Bring chicken stock to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low and keep warm. Heat olive oil in a heavy bottomed saucepan add the pancetta and saute until lightly browned. Add the shallots, stirring until softened.nPour in the arborio rice, sage and thyme cook for 4 minutes, stirring until well coated.nTurn the heat to high and add the white wine, simmer until mostly absorbed.nAdd the hot stock 12 cup at a time, stirring constantly until absorbed by the rice. Continue to add stock 12 cup at a time, stirring to release the starch. Check rice for doneness after 18 minutes, rice should be al dente but cooked through.nStir in Italian parsley, kosher salt, pepper, and 3 tablespoons of the spiced butter.nGently fold in the squash. Serve immediately.nPlace the chicken bones in a stock pot and cover with the cold water. Bring to a boil, skimming the fat and foam from the surface of the stock.nAdd the carrots, onions, celery, leek, parsley, thyme, bay leaves, black peppercorns, and garlic. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 2 hours.nCool slightly and strain the stock into a container and store in the refrigerator for up to 1 week or freeze up to 1 month.nPreparation Time: 15 minutesnCooking Time: 2 hours, ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, roasted, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 teaspoon finely chopped chervil leaves, 12 teaspoon finely chopped marjoram leaves, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch ground ginger, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound squash, cut into 34inch cubes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 5 cups chicken stock, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 pound pancetta, small dice, 12 cup minced shallots, 1 cup arborio rice, 2 teaspoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup white wine, 5 pounds chicken bones, rinsed well, 20 cups cold water, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 onions, chopped, 2 stalks celery, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 stalk leek, cleaned, sliced into 2inch pieces, 3 sprigs fresh Italian parsley, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 3 cloves garlic, smashed], title: Butternut Squash and Pancetta Risotto with Spiced Butter, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 47367: {instructions: Place the oats and milk in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a rapid simmer. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook, stirring constantly, until the oatmeal is thick, about 10 minutes. Add sugar, to taste, and set the oatmeal aside to cool slightly.nTransfer the oatmeal to a container and refrigerate it for at least 2 hours or overnight. Strain the liquid, add the vanilla and add more milk if you want it thinner. Serve cold., ingredients: [1 cup oldfashioned oatmeal, 6 cups milk, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons to 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, optional], title: Oldfashioned Avena Oatmeal Breakfast Smoothies, picturelink: NU53Xebbs7rHUvxtR24Pc.1hc9Teu}, 47368: {instructions: In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add butter and melt. Stir in ginger, orange zest, orange juice and star anise and bring to a simmer. Add orange segments and crepes to warm through. Add orange liqueur and remove from the heat. Carefully light the mixture with a long kitchen match to flambe. Allow the flames to die down and remove star anise. Divide crepes among serving plates, spoon orange segments and sauce over and top with scoop of ice cream. Garnish with orange zest and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 2 oranges, zested and juiced, reserve some zest for garnish, plus 4 oranges peeled and segmented, 1 star anise, 8 crepes, folded into triangles, 14 cup orange liqueur recommend: Grand Marnier, 1 pint bestquality vanilla ice cream], title: Flambe Oranges and Cream, picturelink: null}, 47369: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 500 degrees F.nGet the potatoes in the oven first, then bacon and meat 10 minutes later. Cut potatoes into thin wedges 6 per potato. Coat the potatoes with 14 cup olive oil and season with 2 tablespoons of grill seasoning and rosemary. Bake 10 minutes or until golden brown, then reduce heat to 400 degrees F when you add bacon and meat to oven.nArrange the bacon on slotted broiler pan and bake until crisp, about 12 minutes then cut each strip into thirds, 24 pieces. Set aside.nCoat a 9 by 12inch rimmed baking sheet they sell disposable pans this size if you do not have one with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season the meat with Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons grill seasoning and parsley. Spread meat into pan in 12inch layer all the way to corners of pan. Coat the top of meat with 1 tablespoon olive oil and bake at 400 degrees F for 12 to 15 minutes until firm but a little pink at center. Rest meat 5 minutes then cut into 24 square mini burgers.nPlace burgers on mini roll bottoms and top with arugula, tomato, bacon, red onion. Mix steak sauce with mustard and dot bun tops, set in place. Serve potatoes alongside., ingredients: [16 baby Yukon gold potatoes, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning, plus 3 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons finely chopped rosemary leaves, 8 slices thick cut bacon, 3 pounds ground sirloin, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup chopped parsley leaves, 24 mini burger rolls, such as small dinner rolls, split, 2 cups baby arugula, 6 plum tomatoes, trim top and bottom, cut into 14inch slices, 1 small red onion, quartered lengthwise, sliced 14inch thick, 12 cup steak sauce recommended: A1, 12 cup grainy mustard], title: Steakhouse Sliders and Mini Steak Fries, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 47370: {instructions: Quarter the lemon and remove any seeds. Separate the flesh from the rind with a knife and finely chop the flesh scoop up the juice and flesh and add them to a wide, 6quart stainlesssteel pot. Thinly slice the rind and add it to the pot.nQuarter the uniq fruits. Separate the flesh from the rind with a knife and finely chop the flesh scoop up the juice and flesh and add them to the pot. Cut the rind quarters in half lengthwise so they are about 1 inch at their widest point. Slice the rind pieces crosswise into thin strips and add to the pot. Add 6 cups of water and cook over mediumhigh heat until the mixture comes to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Allow to cool slightly, then refrigerate the whole pot overnight.nBring the pot back to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce to a simmer, cooking until the rind pieces are tender, about 30 minutes. Stir in the sugar a little at a time until fully dissolved. This will prevent burning on the bottom of the pot. Continue to simmer until the mixture is thickened and glossy and an instantread thermometer reads 220 degrees F, about 35 minutes more. Pour the marmalade into glass jars and cool at least 2 hours before using. Refrigerate, covered., ingredients: [1 lemon, lightly scrubbed in warm water, 2 uniq fruits about 1 12 pounds total, lightly scrubbed in warm water, 3 pounds granulated sugar], title: Uniq Fruit Marmalade, picturelink: kWQKPqhJzJB6Gy9pPUX23wTT17RPyjW}, 47371: {instructions: For the banana ice cream cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch baking pan.nMelt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat until nutty brown. Immediately remove from the heat and reserve.nWhisk the flour with the baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Vigorously whisk the bananas with the browned butter in a large bowl until very well combined and creamy. Whisk the egg, brown sugar, granulated sugar and vanilla into the banana mixture until smooth.nFold the flour mixture into the banana mixture with a rubber spatula until well combined. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and spread to cover completely the layer will be thin. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 18 minutes. Cool completely on a rack, about 1 hour.nSpread the ice cream evenly over the banana cake with a rubber spatula. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, at least 4 hours or overnight.nFor the chocolate sauce: Combine the chocolate, cream, corn syrup, butter and salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk periodically as the mixture comes to a gentle simmer. Simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. If the sauce starts to boil, turn down the heat. Cool 15 minutes before serving. Transfer to a bowl or small pitcher. Yield: 1 23 cups.nFor the caramelized bananas: Remove the cake from the freezer and let stand at room temperature. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the butter and swirl the pan. When the butter is completely melted, place the banana pieces cutsides down in one layer in the pan. When they are nicely browned, after 4 to 5 minutes, flip the bananas. Cook until the other sides are browned and the bananas have softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.nTo serve, place desired toppings in bowls. Cut squares of the banana cake and divide among serving bowls. Let each person build a sundae with the chocolate sauce, caramelized bananas, and additional toppings.nCopyright 2014 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 cup mashed very ripe bananas from 1 or 2 bananas, 1 large egg, 14 cup firmlypacked dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 gallon 8 cups vanilla ice cream, softened, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into large chunks, 34 cup heavy cream, 14 cup corn syrup, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 ripe bananas, peeled, halved lengthwise and then halved crosswise, Sundae toppings: whipped cream, chopped salted peanuts, pretzels, dried banana chips, chocolate chips, peanut butter chips, toasted coconut flakes and maraschino cherries], title: Banana Split Sundae Cake, picturelink: K8DYRQ9noAGTUuoxNRhFOjctyJWCpdq}, 47372: {instructions: Pour oil to a depth of 2 inches into a medium saucepan. Heat over mediumhigh heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, mix the lime zest and 34 teaspoon salt together. Working in batches, fry the tortilla wedges until golden and crisp, about 1 minute, and transfer them to a paper towellined baking sheet with a slotted spoon. Sprinkle the chips with the lime salt while they are still hot. Set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon canola oil in a 10inch castiron or ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, jalapeno and a pinch of salt and cook until the onions just start to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato and cook until softened, about 1 minute. Add the beer and cook until all the liquid has evaporated, about 7 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat. Toss the muenster and Cheddar together and add them to the skillet. Stir once or twice to combine.nWhen ready to serve, preheat the broiler. Place the skillet under the broiler until the cheese is bubbling and lightly browned on top, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve hot with the chips., ingredients: [Canola oil, Zest of 1 lime, 34 teaspoon plus 1 pinch kosher salt, Twelve 6inch corn tortillas, each cut into 6 wedges, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 small jalapeno pepper, seeded, if desired, and finely chopped, 1 plum tomato, seeded and finely chopped, 12 cup Mexican lagerstyle beer such as Corona, 12 ounces muenster or Monterey Jack, grated about 3 12 cups, 4 ounces sharp white Cheddar, grated about 1 12 cups], title: Jalapeno Queso Fundido, picturelink: A3x8ncHgtDbpOJGe3Mxe7T8cpEXrC}, 47373: {instructions: The base for this dish is always the friselle, olive oil and tomato. Dunk your friselle into some water to reconstitute, and then shake off any excess water.nBreak the friselle into small pieces on a serving plate, and then toss with the olive oil, cherry tomatoes and oregano. Season with salt., ingredients: [4 friselle or pane biscotatto, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 10 cherry tomatoes, halved, Fresh oregano, for sprinkling, Salt, to taste], title: Caponata Agerolese, picturelink: null}, 47374: {instructions: In saute pan heat butter on medium heat. Add cookie crumbs and mix until butter is evenly distributed.nLine a half sheet pan with plastic wrap, and cover the bottom of the pan with half of the crumb mixture.nIn mixer on lowest speed add ice cream and mint candy. Slowly mix together, trying not to break the mints open.nPour the mixture onto the cookie crumbs and gently spread throughout pan, trying not to break the crumb base. Once evenly distributed, add remaining cookie crumb mixture, cover with plastic wrap and refreeze.nCut into 12 triangular pieces, garnish with whipped cream, chocolate sauce and mint sprig., ingredients: [6 ounces butter, 6 cups chocolate sandwich cookie crumbs recommended: Oreo, Mint chip ice cream, 1 pound mint candy, frozen recommended: Junior Mints, 1 cup whipped cream, garnish, 1 cup chocolate sauce, garnish, 12 mint sprigs, garnish], title: Breath Mint Pie, picturelink: null}, 47375: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill or indoor grill pan to high.nSprinkle the kabobs with salt and pepper. Cook the kabobs on the grill, about 1 minute on each of the four sides. Then move to a cooler part of the grill to finish to mediumrare.nFlatten the chicken and rub with canola oil. Generously sprinkle with poultry seasoning. Place the chicken on the hottest part of the grill, skinside down. Once seared, lower the heat or move to a cooler part of the grill. Cook 7 minutes, then flip. Check the temperature and remove when the thickest part of the chicken reaches 165 degrees F. Let rest. Cut into pieces.nRub the tenderloin with Sriracha, using as much as your desired spice amount. Apply a generous amount of pork rub. Place the tenderloin on the grill and let cook about 4 minutes on each side. Remove from the grill when the pork reaches 130 degrees F. Let rest until it reaches 100 degrees F. Cut into medallions.nServe all the grilled meats with Chipotle BBQ and Grilled Pineapple BBQ Sauces for dipping.nIn a blender, combine the ketchup, mustard, molasses, BBQ rub, cayenne and some salt and pepper. Divide the sauce in half. To one half, add the chipotles and blend. To the other half, add the pineapple and blend., ingredients: [6 top sirloin kabobs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 whole chicken, spine and breast plate removed, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Poultry seasoning, One 3pound pork tenderloin, Sriracha, Pork rub, Chipotle BBQ and Grilled Pineapple BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups ketchup, 1 12 cups mustard, 12 cup molasses, 3 tablespoons BBQ rub, 12 teaspoon cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 chipotle in adobo chile plus 2 tablespoons sauce, 1 cup grilled pineapple], title: Grilled Meats and Sauces, picturelink: C9JZq4S9MkuiDsoyVFxsnvyQDXAtNq}, 47376: {instructions: Place the strawberries, yogurt, and sugar into a blender and blend until frothy and smooth.nPour the mixture into serving glasses filled with ice., ingredients: [14 ounces ripe strawberries, hulled, 8 12 ounces goodquality plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons sugar, Ice cubes, to serve], title: Strawberry Lassi, picturelink: null}, 47377: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the egg and heavy cream to make an egg wash. Set aside.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out the puff pastry to form a 12 12inch by 17 12inch rectangle. Cut 12inch strips from each side of the puff pastry. Transfer puff pastry rectangle to a baking sheet that has been sprinkled with the water. Neatly brush a 12inch wide border of water along each edge of the puff pastry rectangle. Top with corresponding strips of dough, pressing gently with your fingers to adhere. Using a fork or a docker, poke holes in the dough. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Transfer to refrigerator and chill for 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSprinkle chilled dough with 2 tablespoons sugar. Arrange plums on dough in overlapping rows. Sprinkle with remaining 1 12 tablespoons sugar and dot with butter. Brush edges with egg glaze. Place in oven and bake for 20 minutes. Rotate baking sheet in oven and continue baking until the edges are puffed and golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes more. Serve with ice cream, if desired.nPuff Pastry:n12 14 ounces bread flourn5 14 ounces pastry flourn17 12 ounces unsalted buttern8 34 ounces ice watern13 ounce saltnCombine in the bowl of an electric mixer the bread and pastry flours, 5 14 ounces butter, and water. Using a dough hook, mix ingredients together on low speed for 10 minutes. Add salt and mix for 3 minutes more.nRemove dough from bowl and transfer to work surface. Let rest for 20 minutes. Shape dough into a 6 by 8inch rectangle, wrap with plastic wrap, and place on a baking sheet. Chill until dough is very cold, about 1 hour.nPlace remaining 12 14 ounces butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix until the butter has softened and is the same consistency as the dough.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and place it on your work surface with the short side facing you. Spread the softened butter over the bottom half of the dough and fold the dough over the butter to enclose.nTurn the dough so that the short side is again facing you. Roll the dough into a 6 by 18inch rectangle. Fold dough into thirds. Rotate dough 90 degrees 14 turn roll again into a 6 by 18inch rectangle fold in thirds. Press 2 fingers into the dough to indicate the completion of 2 turns. Wrap in plastic chill for about 2 hours.nRepeat the rollingout process, rotating the dough 90 degrees before beginning. Mark with 4 fingers, signifying the completion of 4 turns. Wrap in plastic chill for 2 hours.nRemove the dough from refrigerator. Give the dough its final 2 turns by repeating the rollingout process, again rotating it 90 degrees before rolling it out. The dough is now ready to be used or it may be refrigerated overnight.nYield: 2 34 poundsnPrep Time: 30 minutesnCook Time: nonenInactive Prep Time: 5 hours 20 minutesnCreme Fraiche Ice Cream:n1 cup sugarn1 cup watern2 8ounce containers creme fraichen14 cup glucosen1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scrapednPinch saltnIn a small saucepan, bring sugar and water to a boil remove from heat. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour, or until chilled.nIn a large bowl, whisk together creme fraiche, glucose, vanilla bean seednscrapings reserve the bean for another use, and salt. Slowly add chilled syrup stir to combine. Freeze in an icecream maker according to manufacturers instructions.nYield: about 6 cupsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 10 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 1 hour plus, ingredients: [1 large egg, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 pound Puff Pastry, recipe follows, or frozen puff pastry, thawed, Allpurpose flour, for rolling, 1 tablespoon water, 3 12 tablespoons sugar, 2 12 pounds plums about 10, pitted and cut into 10 wedges each, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Creme Fraiche Ice Cream, recipe follows, optional], title: Plum Tart, picturelink: YhHIzxDnJg8hYqTokolqaCeYRECi7Km}, 47378: {instructions: Combine the port, juices, and garlic in a nonreactive saucepan. Bring to a boil and simmer until reduced to 13 cup. Put the shallots in a stainless bowl, strain the reduction over them, and cool. Add the egg yolk, port reduction, and red wine vinegar to a bowl and whisk to combine. Combine the safflower and walnut oils and drizzle into the yolk mixture, whisking to emulsify. Season with salt and pepper.nDress the romaine with the pomegranateport vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper. Divide between 8 chilled plates. Divide the grapefruit segments between the salads. Sprinkle crumbled Roquefort, then walnuts, and finally pomegranate seeds on top of the salads. Serve immediately.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [13 cup ruby port, 13 cup orange juice, 1 cup pomegranate juice, or cranberry juice, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon shallots, minced, 1 egg yolk See Disclaimer, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup safflower or peanut oil, 2 tablespoons walnut oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 8 cups romaine hearts, cleaned and torn, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 12 cups ruby red grapefruit segments, about 2 grapefruits, 34 cup Roquefort cheese, crumbled, 34 cup walnuts, lightly toasted and skins rubbed off, Seeds from 1 ripe pomegranate], title: Romaine Salad with Texas Ruby Red Grapefruit and Roquefort in PomegranatePort Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 47379: {instructions: Simmer potatoes in enough salted water to cover by 1inch until just tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water until cool enough to handle. Pat dry and halve quarter larger potatoes.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a large heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute potatoes with salt, to taste, turning occasionally, until golden brown, about 10 minutes.nWhile potatoes are sauteing, cook garlic in remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a 5 to 6quart pot over moderately high heat, stirring, until fragrant.nStir in mussels and 14 cup water and cook, covered, until mussels are opened, 3 to 5 minutes. Discard any unopened ones.nAdd spinach to potatoes, tossing until just wilted. Serve potatoes and spinach with mussels.nYield: 2 servingsnOliveStuffed Chicken with Almonds Recipe courtesy Gourmet Magazinen1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon 14 cup whole almonds with skins 4 boneless chicken breast halves with skin 2 14 pounds total 1 cup brinecured green olives, such as picholine, pitted and chopped 3 tablespoons water 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley Salt and freshly ground black peppernHeat 1 tablespoon butter in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then toast almonds, stirring often, until a few shades darker, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a cutting board to cool do not clean skillet.nWhile almonds are cooking, pat chicken breasts dry, then cut a 2inchlong horizontal slit in thickest part of each. Stuff each chicken breast with 1 12 teaspoons olives, then season with salt and pepper.nIncrease heat to moderately high, then add chicken breasts, skin sides down, to butter remaining in skillet and sprinkle with remaining olives. Saute chicken breasts until skins are golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Turn chicken breasts over and cook, covered, over moderate heat until just cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes more, then transfer with tongs to plates.nWhile chicken is cooking, chop almonds.nAdd remaining tablespoon butter and 3 tablespoons water to skillet and heat, stirring, until butter is melted. Stir in almonds, parsley, and pepper, to taste. Spoon sauce over chicken., ingredients: [1 pound small red boiling potatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 pounds mussels preferably cultivated, cleaned and beards removed, 12 pound baby spinach, trimmed], title: Mussels with Potatoes and Spinach, picturelink: null}, 47380: {instructions: 1. PREPARE boiling water canner. Heat jars and lids in simmering water until ready for use. Do not boil. Set bands aside.n2. BLANCH apple slices, working with 6 cups at a time, in a large pot of boiling water for 1 minute. Remove with a slotted spoon and keep warm in a covered bowl.n3. COMBINE sugar, ClearJelu00ae, cinnamon and nutmeg in a large stainless steel saucepan. Stir in apple juice and cold water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, and cook until mixture thickens and begins to bubble. Add lemon juice, return to a boil and boil for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Drain apple slices and immediately fold into hot mixture. Before processing, heat, stirring, until apples are heated through.n4. LADLE hot pie filling into hot jars leaving 1 inch headspace. Remove air bubbles. Wipe rim. Center lid on jar. Apply band until fit is fingertip tight.n5. PROCESS jars in a boiling water canner for 25 minutes, adjusting for altitude. Remove jars and cool. Check lids for seal after 24 hours. Lid should not flex up and down when center is pressed.nTo treat apple slices to prevent browning, apply Ballu00ae FruitFreshu00ae Produce Protector according to the manufacturers instructions or submerge cut apples in a mixture of u00bc cup lemon juice and 4 cups water., ingredients: [12 cups sliced peeled cored apples, treated to prevent browning and drained about 12 medium, 2u00be cups granulated sugar, u00be cup ClearJelu00ae cooking starch used for preserving, 1u00bd tsp ground cinnamon, u00bd tsp ground nutmeg, 2u00bd cups unsweetened apple juice, 1u00bc cups cold water, u00bd cup lemon juice, 7 16 oz pint glass preserving jars with lids and bands], title: Classic Apple Pie Filling, picturelink: ILsOZoTxM2HcRu3vtZGMaE6UN2Mny5S}, 47381: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut off the top third of the head of garlic, exposing the tops of the garlic cloves. Put the garlic on a piece of heavyduty aluminum foil and drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the oil. Sprinkle with 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper and add the thyme sprigs. Wrap tightly with foil and roast until the cloves are golden brown and very soft, about 45 minutes.n2. Unwrap the garlic and let stand until cool enough to handle. Pour any garlicflavored oil from the foil pouch into a small bowl squeeze the roasted cloves into the same bowl, discarding the papery shells. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the chopped thyme and an additional 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper and mash with a fork until smooth.n3. Lay the bottom half of the bread on a piece of aluminum foil that is long enough to wrap the bread. Spread on half of the roasted garlic mixture and top with half of the Parmesan. Repeat with the remaining bread, garlic mixture and Parmesan. Press the halves together so the fillings are on the inside and wrap with the foil.n4. Bake until the bread is toasted and the cheese is melted, about 15 minutes. Separate the halves, sprinkle with chopped parsley and cut into 6 pieces., ingredients: [1 head garlic, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 sprigs fresh thyme plus 12 teaspoon finely chopped leaves, 12 large baguette about a 12inch piece, split lengthwise, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh parsley], title: Cheesy Roasted Garlic Bread, picturelink: null}, 47382: {instructions: In a food processor grate the potatoes. Line a sieve with cheesecloth and transfer potatoes to the sieve. Set sieve over a bowl, twist cheesecloth into a pouch, squeezing out some moisture. Let mixture drain for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes, pour off liquid from the bowl but leave the white potato starch that settles in the bottom of the bowl.nTo that starch add shallots, eggs, flour, 112 teaspoons of salt and freshly ground pepper. Return drained potatoes to this mixture and toss to combine.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees. Line a baking pan with paper towels. When you are ready to eat, in a large skillet heat 14 inch of oil over medium high heat until hot. Drop heaping tablespoonfuls of potato mixture and cook for 3 to 4 minutes a side latkes should be golden and crisp on both sides. Eat right away or keep warm in oven. Serve with applesauce or sour cream or cottage cheese mixed with sour cream., ingredients: [112 pounds russet potatoes peeled, 14 cup finely chopped shallots, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons flour or more or matzo meal during Passover, 1 12 teaspoons salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil for frying], title: Potato Latkes, picturelink: MwkK6jb3Of.TRIFbFvJessk1dL3Tiy}, 47383: {instructions: Arrange peach wedges in a radial pattern on each serving dish. Spoon caramel sauce over and sprinkle with granola. Top with a scoop of ice cream and fresh raspberries., ingredients: [3 large fresh ripe peaches, peeled and sliced into wedges, 6 tablespoons caramel sauce slightly heated by placing jar in a bowl of hot water, 6 tablespoons granola, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 pint fresh raspberries, evenly divided into 6 portions], title: Ringmaster Raspberries over Peaches Foster, picturelink: qmaLUmbBX9ZtF8Enu9mRge3TGp04ShW}, 47384: {instructions: Special equipment: a cupcake corer a pastry bag fitted with a large star tipnFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cupcake pan with paper liners.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl.nIn a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and granulated sugar together on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Scrape in the seeds of the vanilla bean and mix to combine. Add the eggs one a time, beating well in between each addition and scraping down the sides of the bowl. Turn the speed to medium and add half of the flour mixture, the milk and then the remainder of the flour mixture, beating in between additions. Do not overmix. Scoop the batter into the lined cupcake pan, using an icecream scoop and filling each cup about twothirds of the way.nBake, rotating the pan halfway through, until the cupcakes are golden and a tester inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Remove the pan to a rack, cool 5 minutes, and then remove the cupcakes to the rack to cool completely.nFor the buttercream frosting: Sift the confectioners sugar into a medium bowl. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on mediumhigh speed until smooth and light, about 1 minute. Add 5 12 cups of the confectioners sugar and mix on low to combine. Add the vanilla, increase the speed to high and beat until light and fluffy, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add up to 12 cup more confectioners sugar, depending on how stiff you want the frosting.nFor the decoration: Use a cupcake corer to hollow out the center of each cupcake saving the tops, then fill with a candy ball. Slice the top off of the plug you removed from the cupcake and place back in the hole to seal in the candy ball. Use a couple of drops of purple food coloring to dye threequarters of your frosting. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip with the frosting. Dye the remaining frosting with green food coloring and add to a small pastry bag or resealable plastic bag with just a tiny bit of the tip snipped off. Pipe a swirl of purple frosting to cover the top of each cupcake. Place a chocolate wafer cookie on top of each. Using a dab of frosting, wrap the candy belt around the edge of the icecream cone. Attach the cone upsidedown on top of the cookie, using a bit of frosting to form a hat. Use another dab of frosting to attach the candycoated chocolates in front for a buckle., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch fine salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 3 large eggs, 3 tablespoons milk, 5 12 to 6 cups confectioners sugar, 4 sticks 1 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Purple sugar candy balls, Purple and green food coloring, 12 chocolate wafer cookies, Green sour candy belts, cut to fit around the base of the cones, 12 chocolate cookie icecream cones, Mini yellow candycoated chocolates], title: Witchs Hat Cupcakes, picturelink: m0QrOLwrZSGYIBwfRR1uUKfyi3PMV46}, 47385: {instructions: For the radish and peas: Melt the butter in a saute pan and gently cook the radishes until half cooked. Add the peas with 14 cup60 ml water. Continue cooking until the peas and radishes are tender. Season, and scatter over the green onions and dill.nFor the fish bundles: Lay the lettuce leaves in a saute pan of boiling salted water for a few seconds. Remove, and immediately plunge in an ice bath. Lay flat on tea towels to drain, gently patting them dry. Remove the ribs, so you have strips of lettuce. Lay a few leaves on a board, slightly overlapping. Lay a fish fillet on top. Season, and neatly fold the lettuce leaves over to make a neat package, with the end of the fish visible out the ends. Make the other 3 bundles. If youre not cooking until much later, wrap and refrigerate. Otherwise, just set them aside.nTo cook the fish: Lay the fish bundles in a bamboo steamer over a saucepan of 2inches5 cm boiling water. Steam until the fish is just cooked, about 10 minutes. Serve with the sauce alongside the fish passed in a sauceboat. A bed of radishes and peas is the perfect accompaniment.nFor the sauce: Put the dill stalks, shallot, garlic, wine, and stock in a saucepan. Boil to reduce by 34. Strain, and return the liquid to a clean saucepan. Add the cream and simmer to sauce consistency, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Whisk in the butter a piece at a time. Taste, and season with salt, pepper, and lemon juice, if needed.nFor the plate: Enjoy a piece of fish and a tumble of radishes and peas side by side on a plate., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 bunches radishes about 1 14 pounds460 g, quartered or sliced, 2 cups300 g freshly shelled peas, 14 cup60 ml water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, Generous handful chopped fresh dill, 8 large Boston lettuce leaves, 4 filets halibut about 4ounces110 g each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 chopped fresh dill stalks, 1 shallot, 12 clove garlic, 12 cup125 ml white wine, 1 14 cups300 ml chicken stock, 1 14 cups300 ml cream, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, Lemon juice, to taste, Small pinches fresh dill sprigs, for garnish], title: LettuceWrapped Halibut with Dill Cream Sauce and Radishes and Peas, picturelink: null}, 47386: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler. Line a sheet pan with foil.nPlace the tomatoes on the prepared sheet pan and broil until charred, 4 minutes.nAdd the oil to a large pot set over high heat. Saute the garlic, onions and oregano. Reduce the heat to medium.nAdd the broiled tomatoes to the pot and mix into the sauteed onion mixture. Break up the tomatoes with the mixing spoon so they cook evenly. Add the broth, hot sauce and canned tomatoes to the pot. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the cheese, reserving 2 tablespoons for garnish, into the soup. Use an immersion blender to blend the soup until smooth. Simmer the soup on low for 5 minutes.nDivide the soup among four bowls, then garnish with the reserved cheese and some Croutons.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the cubes on a sheet pan in a single layer and sprinkle the oil over the bread. Season with salt and pepper. Bake until crisp and golden, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [4 tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 small red onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh oregano leaves, chopped, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, One 28ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar, Croutons, recipe follows, 2 cups cubed dayold French bread, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Tomato and Cheddar Soup, picturelink: SemSq1U8.Bube.ZlJnxkpJgYsH7XmVy}, 47387: {instructions: For the mousse: In a heatproof bowl set over a pot of simmering water, melt the chocolate. Then stir in the granulated sugar and 1 tablespoon water. Stir until all the sugar is dissolved. Add the brandy and stir well.nIn a separate bowl, start beating the egg yolks while slowly pouring the melted chocolate into the yolks. Beat until the bowl feels cool.nWhip the heavy cream with the powdered sugar. Fold the chocolate mixture into the whipped cream and chill for 30 minutes.nCombine the coconut and Reeses Pieces in a food processor and pulse until the mixture is blended and crumbly, but not smooth. Do not over process.nFor the grapeapricot sauce: Combine the grape soda, granulated sugar and dried apricots in a small saucepan and simmer until the apricots are softened, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a food processor or blender and puree to a smooth sauce.nTo serve: Roughly the chop the cashews and popcorn together. Divide the coconut mixture among small parfait or tall shot glasses. Transfer the mousse to a piping bag and fill each glass. Garnish each with a strawberry slice and some cashews and popcorn. Place the glass on a plate and drizzle the grapeapricot sauce on the plate., ingredients: [3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 34 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup brandy, 3 egg yolks, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup powdered sugar, 12 cup shaved unsweetened coconut, 12 cup Reeses Pieces, 12 cup grape soda, 14 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons dried apricots, 14 cup salted cashews, 14 cup popped popcorn, Sliced strawberries, for garnish], title: Brandy Kissed Chocolate Mousse with Coconut Crumble, picturelink: M16WPvIHzYmhTNThZQq8BvG7tYYP19W}, 47388: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk the egg. Add the sour cream, and whisk until smooth. Add the milk and 1 cup water, and whisk until combined. Slowly add about 3 cups flour, and stir with a wooden spoon to combine.nTurn dough out onto a wellfloured surface, and work in about 1 cup flour as you knead. Use a plastic scraper to lift the dough as it will stick to the counter before the flour is worked in. Continue kneading for about 8 to 10 minutes, working in another 12 cup flour. The dough should be elastic and no longer sticky. Be careful not to add too much flour as this will toughen the dough. Place dough in a lightly floured bowl, and cover with plastic wrap set aside while you prepare the filling.nCook potatoes in salted boiling water until forktender. Drain, and mash with a potato masher. Add melted butter and cheeses, and continue to mash until wellincorporated. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Place a large pot of salted water over high heat, and bring to a boil. Lay a clean linen towel on your counter, and evenly distribute cornmeal on it to prevent sticking.nOn a floured surface, roll out dough to about 18inch thickness. Using a 2 12inchdiameter glass or cookie cutter, cut out as many circles as possible. Gather dough scraps together, roll out again, and continue cutting.nForm filling into 1 12inch balls, and place a ball in the center of each dough circle. Holding a circle in your hand, fold dough over filling, and pinch the edges, forming a thoroughly sealed crescent. Transfer to linen towel. Continue until all dough circles are filled. Add pierogi to the boiling water in batches. They will sink to the bottom of the pot, then rise to the top. Once they rise, let them cook for about 1 minute more. Meanwhile, drizzle platter with melted butter. Remove pierogi from pot, and transfer to platter to prevent sticking. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large egg, 2 heaping tablespoons sour cream, 1 cup milk, 4 12 to 5 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 5 pounds baking potatoes, peeled and quartered about 10 medium potatoes, 14 pound unsalted butter 1 stick, melted, 2 ounces cheddar cheese, grated about 12 cup, 4 ounces cream cheese, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons cornmeal], title: Potato Pierogies, picturelink: null}, 47389: {instructions: 1. Stir the mayonnaise, marmalade and oregano together in a small bowl.n2. Square off the ends of the bread and cut in half crosswise. Split each piece horizontally to hinge open. If using Italian rolls, only split horizontally.n3. Spread the flavored mayonnaise on the bottom of the breads. Top each with 3 slices of the ham, folding if necessary to fit on the bread, and then a layer of pickles and 3 slices of cheese. Finish each sandwich with 12 cup Pulled Pork. Spread the mustard on the top buns and close the sandwich.n4. Heat a medium castiron pan over medium heat. Melt the butter, add the sandwiches and press with a spatula to flatten. When the sandwiches are golden brown and crispy on the bottom, about 4 minutes, flip the sandwiches and press and cook until the cheese melts and the bread is golden brown, about 3 minutes more. Cut the sandwiches in half and serve.nPulled Pork:nPut the pork, chicken broth, vinegar, garlic, bay leaf and onion in a small Dutch oven and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to a very low simmer, cover and cook, turning the pork every 45 minutes, until the meat is falloffthebone tender, 3 to 4 hours. Allow to sit for 15 minutes until the meat is cool enough to handle. Shred the meat with a fork. Makes about 8 cups., ingredients: [2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons orange marmalade, 1 teaspoon fresh oregano, One 12inch loaf Cuban bread, or two 6inch soft Italian rolls, 6 slices deli ham about 4 ounces, 1 kosher dill pickle, sliced thinly lengthwise, 6 slices Swiss cheese about 4 ounces, 1 cup Pulled Pork, recipe follows or storebought, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, One 3pound pork butt, bonein, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, 1 bay leaf, 12 small onion], title: Pulled Pork Cubano, picturelink: null}, 47390: {instructions: Heat the milk to 110 degrees F. Place in a cup and stir in 1 12 teaspoons of the sugar and the vanilla bean seeds and pod. Sprinkle the yeast over the top and let sit for 10 minutes. The yeast will begin to bubble. Remove the bean pod, rinse, and set aside for another use.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour, the remaining 13 cup sugar, the salt and the nutmeg. On low speed, stir just to mix. Add the yeast mixture to the dry ingredients on low speed, then add the egg, water and the melted butter.nChange to a dough hook and mix on mediumhigh speed until the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl, 15 to 18 minutes. Put the dough in a greased bowl, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight this is the first proof.nOn a floured work surface, roll the dough out into a rectangle 14 inch thick. Transfer to a sheet pan and refrigerate for 30 minutes to rest the dough.nCut out thirty 4by4inch squares of parchment paper. Lightly oil each one or spray with pan spray. Have several baking sheets ready.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and place on a work surface. Cut out doughnuts with a round cutter or cut squares for a different look. If youre going for the traditional doughnut shape, use a smaller cutter to make a hole in the center of each round. Do not cut out holes if you are going to fill the doughnuts. You may decide to cut the doughnuts really large thats also fine.nOnce each doughnut is cut, set it on an oiled square of parchment. Trust me, this will make your doughnut experience much better and more efficient. Place the doughnuts on baking sheets. Cover the sheets lightly with an oiled piece of parchment. Allow to proof about 45 minutes in a warm, draftfree area. They are ready when they are almost doubled in size.nHeat 3 to 4 inches of oil in a straightsided heavy saucepan. I like rice bran oil or grapeseed oil, but vegetable oil or canola are also good.nClip a deepfat thermometer to the side of the pan and heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Place the cinnamon sugar in a bowl to dredge the warm doughnuts.nLift a doughnut on the square of paper and place it just over the oil this will allow the doughnut to slip right into the oil without deforming. Use tongs to nudge it off the paper and into the oil if necessary if you must, the paper and doughnut can even go into the oil together and you can immediately fish the paper out with the tongs. You can fry 2 or more doughnuts at a time, just dont over crowd the pan. I like flipping the doughnuts quickly and often to help them keep their shape. I use two chopsticks, placing them on the edge of the doughnut and using a quick motion to flip them. It will take about 1 minute on each side until theyre golden brown. Keep an eye on the heat, especially if frying several doughnuts at once. When browned, carefully lift the doughnuts out of the oil, drain briefly, and toss in the cinnamon sugar. Place on a rack to cool. Repeat until all the doughnuts are cooked.nThese are best eaten within a few hours of frying. They can be reheated in a lowtemperature oven to give them that justfried texture., ingredients: [12 cup whole milk, 13 cup plus 1 12 teaspoons granulated sugar, divided, 1 vanilla bean, split, seeds scraped out seeds and pod reserved, 1 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 2 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg freshly grated if possible, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons water, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, Goodquality oil for frying, Cinnamon sugar made with 1 cup granulated sugar and 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon], title: Doughnuts, picturelink: ErCe4v88qfF6RuB489Yz6rHvA2M96}, 47391: {instructions: Heat a heavy ungreased griddle or castiron skillet over mediumlow heat until a drop of water sizzles on contact. Place the tomato and jalapeno and cook, turning frequently, until the skin of the tomato and chile is blackened and blistered all over, about 15 minutes. Remove the tomato into a bowl to hold the juices. Place the chile in a small plastic or paper bag let rest 10 minutes. When they are cool enough to handle, peel off the charred skin. If some tiny blackened bits remain, they will just add to the flavor. Be sure to save all the delicious juices. Place tomato, onion, garlic, cilantro and jalapeno chile in the blender or food processor and process until almost smooth, about 1 minute. Reserve.nPlace the oil in a small Dutch oven or medium saucepan heat over mediumhigh heat until rippling. Add the pasta and cook, stirring constantly, until golden. Remove all but 2 tablespoons of the oil. Add pureed tomato mixture and cook, stirring often, for 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low add chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Cover Dutch oven and cook for 20 minutes or until the liquid is absorbed. Serve with shredded Parmesan cheese and pico de gallo salsa if desired., ingredients: [1 large tomato, 1 large jalapeno chile, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, 1 large garlic clove, 6 sprigs of cilantro, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 7ounce package small shaped pasta such as melon seeds or alphabet, 2 cups chicken stock or water], title: Sopa Seca Dry Soup, picturelink: null}, 47392: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace frozen peaches in an 8 by 8 glass baking dish, defrost in microwave for 3 minutes on high. While the peaches are defrosting, make the cobbler topping. In a bowl, combine the biscuit mix with a 12 cup of water, stir until thoroughly combined but do not overwork. In another bowl combine 12 cup of the granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, pepper, a pinch of salt and raisins. Remove peaches from the microwave and combine with the sugar mixture in baking dish. Top the seasoned peaches with biscuit mix, use your fingers to press out until even. Top the biscuit mix with almonds. Mix remaining cinnamon and sugar together and sprinkle over the biscuits. Bake until cobbler top is firm and lightly golden and peaches are bubbly and hot, about 20 to 25 minutes.nServe warm as is or with ice cream and whipped cream if you have some on hand., ingredients: [5 to 6 cups frozen sliced peaches, any brand, 1 large sack, 1 package complete biscuit mix recommended: Jiffy brand, 12 cup water, 12 cup granulated sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, divided, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, divided, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, eyeball it, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 18 teaspoon black pepper, a couple of pinches, Pinch salt, 2 1ounce boxes or 13 cup golden raisins, a couple of handfuls, 14 cup, 2ounce package, sliced almonds], title: Quick Peaches and Golden Raisins Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 47393: {instructions: Toss the pork with half of the coconut milk, the vegetable oil, garlic, 13 cup each brown sugar and cilantro, and 1 tablespoon each fish sauce, lime juice and Sriracha in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate 1 to 4 hours.nPreheat a grill to medium and lightly brush the grates with vegetable oil. Thread the pork onto eight 10inch skewers. Grill the kebabs, turning occasionally and brushing with the remaining coconut milk, until marked and cooked through, about 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine 1 tablespoon water and the remaining 1 tablespoon each brown sugar, fish sauce, lime juice and Sriracha in a small bowl. Serve the kebabs in romaine leaves and drizzle with the sauce. Top with chopped peanuts, scallions, cucumber and cilantro.nIf youre using wooden skewers, soak them in water for 20 minutes to prevent scorching.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 13.5ounce can coconut milk, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for the grill, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons Sriracha Asian chile sauce, Romaine lettuce leaves, for serving, Chopped roasted peanuts, scallions and cucumber, for topping], title: CoconutandLime Pork Kebabs, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 47394: {instructions: Brush the tuna steaks with olive oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the tuna steaks in a very hot saute pan and cook for only 1 minute on each side. Set aside on a platter.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, combine the olive oil, salt, pepper, lime zest, wasabi, lime juice, soy sauce and hot sauce. Add the avocados to the vinaigrette.nCut the tuna in chunks and place it in a large bowl. Add the scallions and red onion and mix well. Pour the vinaigrette mixture over the tuna and carefully mix., ingredients: [2 pounds very fresh tuna steak, cut 1inch thick, 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for brushing, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black, plus extra for sprinkling, 2 limes, zest grated, 1 teaspoon wasabi powder, 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice 3 limes, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 10 dashes hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 to 2 ripe Hass avocados, medium diced, 14 cup minced scallions, white and green parts 2 scallions, 14 cup red onion, small diced], title: Tuna Salad, picturelink: QCVmYI2vV4Vaez0mCmYxBGt54K0VFUK}, 47395: {instructions: Special equipment: a waffle makernPreheat a waffle maker to the regular setting according to the manufacturers instructions.nSprinkle the cheese on 1 tortilla, add the salsa and place the second tortilla on top. Spray the waffle maker with the cooking spray. Place the quesadilla on the waffle maker, close the lid and cook until the cheese melts, 2 to 3 minutes.nSlice and serve., ingredients: [12 cup grated CheddarJack cheese, 2 flour tortillas that will fit your waffle maker, 2 tablespoons salsa, such as Pace Picante Sauce, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the waffle maker], title: Waffle Maker Quesadilla, picturelink: LtCFYdZyBN6hXulb4caYfZ1vDro.dQa}, 47396: {instructions: Heat a large, heavybottomed soup pot over medium heat. Add the bacon fat and sweat the onions and celery in the bacon fat until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the blackeyed peas and pork jowls and cover with 2 inches of water. Add the bay leaves, bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cover the pot. Simmer the peas until tender, about 2 hours, adding more water if need be to make sure the peas are covered by 2 inches of liquid while cooking. Season with salt, pepper and hot sauce to taste. Serve over rice., ingredients: [14 cup rendered bacon fat, 2 small onions, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 pound dried blackeyed peas, 1 pound smoked pork jowls, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Hot sauce, such as Tabasco, as needed, Cooked rice, for serving], title: BlackEyed Peas, picturelink: null}, 47397: {instructions: Place 2 scoops ice cream into 4 bowls. Sprinkle the cookie pieces and mint candies around the ice cream in the bowls and drizzle each sundae with marshmallow and chocolate sauces. Garnish with whipped cream and mint leaves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 gallon good quality vanilla ice cream, 10 mint sandwich cookies, broken into pieces, 1 cup chocolate covered mint candies, 1 cup marshmallow sauce, 1 cup chocolate sauce, Whipped cream, for garnish, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Big Daddys Mint Sundae, picturelink: null}, 47398: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the orange juice in a small saucepan and cook over high heat until thickened and reduced to 3 tablespoons. Transfer the reduced juice to a blender, add the honey, vinegar, mustard, zest, paprika, salt and pepper and blend until combined. With the motor running, slowly add the oil and blend until emulsified.nCover potatoes with cold water in a medium saucepan and add 1 tablespoon of salt. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until a small knife inserted into the potato comes out without any resistance. Drain and let cool slightly. When cool enough to handle, slice each potato in half lengthwise then slice each half into 14inch thick slicesnPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Season pork on both sides with salt and pepper, place into the pan and cook until golden brown and a crust has formed, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn the tenderloin over and transfer the pan to the oven and continue cooking until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the tenderloin registers 150 degrees F. Remove from the oven and let rest 5 minutes before slicing. Slice the tenderloin half lengthwise then slice each half crosswise into 14inch thick slices.nPlace 1 slice of pork onto a large platter, top with a potato, then a piece of the goat cheese then another slice of pork, then stick a skewer through. Drizzle with some of the Smoked Paprika vinaigrette. Sprinkle each with a little more of the smoked paprika and some of the chopped parsley., ingredients: [3 cups fresh orange juice, not from concentrate, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 small Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed, skin left on, Salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, 1 pound fresh goat cheese, cut into 16 pieces, 16 6inch skewers, Smoked paprika, Finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Pork, Potato and Goat Cheese Skewers with Smoked Paprika, picturelink: tWD.du38TgYYMX0NMAsk75YnM7JiULq}, 47399: {instructions: For the Pudding: Bring to a boil the milk and vanilla bean in a large heavy bottomed pot.nMeanwhile, whisk to blend the eggs, egg yolks, potato starch, sugar, cocoa powder, and flour. Remove the milk pan from heat once it boils. With the whisk in the center of the cocoa mixture, slowly pour the hot milk in and begin to combine the 2 mixtures. Finish pouring the milk in and whisk to fully incorporate.nReturn mixture to the pot and cook over medium heat, slowly whisking constantly to prevent scorching. The ingredients have a low burning temperature and will scorch easily so keep the whisk moving. Cook until large bubbles slowly rise to the surface of the pot. I call these lava bubbles because the large steam venting bubbles make me think of flowing molten lava. The pastry cream temperature is approximately 200 degrees F. Remove pot from the heat and whisk in the butter. Remove the vanilla bean from the pudding. Pour pudding into a heat resistant bowl and cover with plastic wrap, making sure the plastic wrap touches the surface of the pudding to prevent a skin from forming.nFor the Whipped Cream: Combine all the ingredients in a mixer bowl and whip on medium speed. Stop the mixer when you have medium peaks and finish whipping manually with whisk. This will help avoid ruining the whipped creams luscious texture.nFor the Raspberry Puree: Combine the frozen berries and sugar in a pot and bring to a gentle simmer. Cook gently for 5 minutes. Strain the berries to remove the seeds. Its easier to pour if you can put it in a squeeze bottle.nGanache: Bring the heavy cream to a boil and immediately pour over the chocolate. Stir to combine. Allow to cool for easy handling.nBerries: use the freshest and plumpest berries available.nAssembly: Load pudding and whipped cream into separate pastry bags. Alternately pipe into tall sundae glasses, starting with chocolate pudding, then the whipped cream, rapsberry puree and fresh berries. Repeat as needed and top the parfait with whipped cream and fresh berries. Drizzle chocolate ganache across the top for extra indulgence, ingredients: [2 cups milk, 1 vanilla bean, 3 eggs, 5 egg yolks, 14 cup potato starch, 24 ounces sugar, 2 ounces cocoa powder, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 10 ounces 1 bag frozen raspberries, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup bittersweet chocolate, Fresh raspberries], title: Raspberry Chocolate Parfait, picturelink: null}}