{48000: {instructions: For the chimichurri: In a blender combine the oil, garlic, chiles, cilantro, onions, parsley and oregano. Season with salt, then stir in the vinegar. Just before serving, taste and season with more salt if needed.nFor the salad: Add the tomatoes and onions to a bowl. Toss with some olive oil and the vinegar. Season with salt and garnish with the basil.nFor the sandwiches: Coat a large saute pan set over medium heat with olive oil and toss in the onions. Season with salt and the crushed red pepper, and increase the heat to mediumhigh. Cook the onions until soft, aromatic and lightly browned, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and reserve. Wipe out the pan with a paper towel, but dont wash it.nPreheat the broiler.nSprinkle the steaks generously with salt. Coat the pan used for the onions with olive oil and place over high heat. You want to get it really hot the oil should almost be smoking. Working in batches so you dont crowd the pan, cook the steak slices for about 1 minute on each side. Reserve the cooked slices and repeat until all the steak is cooked.nCut the rolls in half, scoop out the middle and toast under the broiler.nDivide the steak evenly among the rolls. Arrange the sauteed onions in an even layer on top of the steak, then drizzle the meat with the chimichurri. Place 2 slices of Camembert on each sandwich and heat under the broiler until the cheese is really nice and melty, 1 to 2 minutes.nWhile the cheese melts, coat a nonstick saute pan with olive oil and heat over medium heat. Crack the eggs into the pan and fry until the whites are cooked through but the yolks are still runny.nTop each sandwich with a sunnyside up egg and finish with a big drizzle of the chimichurri. Close the sandwich, squish it, get lots of napkins, and eat the deliciousness. Serve with the tomato and onion salad., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1 Fresno chile, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves finely chopped, 12 white onion, finely diced, 12 bunch fresh Italian parsley, leaves finely chopped, Couple stems fresh oregano, leaves finely chopped, Kosher salt, 12 cup distilled white vinegar, 1 cup red and yellow grape or cherry tomatoes, halved, 12 red onion, sliced, Highquality olive oil, for drizzling, Splash red wine vinegar, Kosher salt, Couple basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, Extravirgin olive oil, for sauteing, 1 Spanish onion, cut into 12inch slices, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper, Two 10ounce filets mignons, each cut into 5 or 6 thin rounds, 4 kaiser rolls, 8 ounces Camembert cheese, cut into 8 slices, 4 large eggs], title: Filet Mignon Sandwich with Onions, Camembert, Fried Egg and Chimichurri, picturelink: nTIUUlXy8tqwEhaTL9DWPYDT4RjIaBO}, 48001: {instructions: Combine the yellow cornmeal, salt and sugar in a large bowl. Add the boiling water and stir until combined. Set aside for 10 minutes.nMelt a few tablespoons of the butter on a cast iron griddle, cast iron pan or nonstick pan over medium heat. Add the batter by 14 cupfuls a few at a time, smooth the tops lightly, if necessary. Cook until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Repeat with remaining butter and batter. Yields about five 3inch round cakes.nCombine the mustards, vinegar, tarragon, salt, pepper and a few tablespoons of water in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the extra virgin oil and blend until emulsified, season with honey to taste.nHeat the canola oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the crab meat and cook just to heat through. Add the green onion, cilantro and salt and pepper and cook for 30 seconds longer. Divide the crab meat among the Johnnycakes and drizzle with some of the vinaigrette. Garnish with tarragon leaves., ingredients: [34 cups stone ground yellow cornmeal, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 14 cups boiling water, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoon grainy mustard, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Honey, to taste, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 pounds stone crabs, meat removed from shells and coarsely chopped, 14 cup thinly sliced green onion green and pale green part, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Tarragon leaves, for garnish], title: Stone Crab Johnny Cakes with Grainy Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 48002: {instructions: Preheat a grill to 450 degrees F.nDust the tri tip generously with seasoning salt and then place it on the hot grill, fatty side down. Grill for 10 minutes on each side, turning often, for a juicy medium rare. Remove from grill and let rest before slicing at an angle against the grain of meat. Serve with pico de gallo or chunky salsa, if desired., ingredients: [1 tritip steak 1 12 to 2 pounds, trimmed, Seasoning salt, Pico de gallo or chunky salsa, for serving], title: Ranch Hands Grilled TriTip, picturelink: 65GrtwBM0hOIU9VPiFoG1jkT.MLBrH6}, 48003: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss both kinds of potatoes, the parsnips, onion, garlic, olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and 14teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Spread in a single layer on a baking sheet bake until tender, about 45 minutes. Let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, mix 2 tablespoons water and the sugar in a skillet and bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook, swirling the pan, until amber, about 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vinegar and 14teaspoon each salt and pepper. Pour the caramel into a 9by13inch glass baking dish and spread with a rubber spatula. Sprinkle the sage and oregano on top.nArrange the roasted potatoes and parsnips in a single snug layer on top of the caramel. Scatter the onion and garlic over the roasted vegetables sprinkle evenly with the mozzarella.nRoll out the puff pastry on a lightly floured surface into a 9by13inch rectangle. Pierce the pastry all over with a fork, then lay it on top of the mozzarella, folding the edges under to fit, if necessary. Bake 20 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue baking until the dough is cooked through, 15 to 20 more minutes.nLet the tart cool 10 minutes in the baking dish, then carefully invert it onto a cutting board. Replace any vegetables that stick to the dish, if necessary.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 medium Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inchthick rounds, 2 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inchthick rounds, 2 medium parsnips, peeled and cut into 12inchthick rounds, 1 small onion, cut into 12inchthick rounds, 4 cloves garlic, halved, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon small fresh sage leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, 6 ounces mozzarella, grated about 1 cup, 1 8 .5ounce sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, Allpurpose flour, for dusting], title: Vegetable Tarte Tatin, picturelink: TRbJtwH5AXGxMss4.Dm0FfJhO7ViKz2}, 48004: {instructions: For the dip: Combine the sour cream, honey mustard and lemon juice in a bowl and mix until well blended.nFor the hushpuppies: Fill a medium heavybottomed pot with enough oil to come 13 of the way up the sides. Place over medium heat.nIn a large bowl, mix together the corn bread mix, cornmeal, onions, eggs, sweet potato puree and bacon until well combined. When the oil reaches 350 degrees F, carefully drop the batter by the heaping tablespoonful into the oil using 2 spoons or a small ice cream scoop. Fry in batches until golden brown and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the oil and drain on a tray lined with paper towels. Serve immediately with creamy honey mustard dip on the side., ingredients: [14 cup sour cream, 13 cup honey mustard, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Canola or vegetable oil, for frying, 1 8.5ounce box corn bread or muffin mix recommended: Jiffy, 14 cup cornmeal, 14 cup frozen chopped onions, thawed and drained, 1 egg, 12 cup sweet potato puree, 14 cup cooked crumbled bacon about 4 strips], title: Sweet Potato and Bacon Hush Puppies, picturelink: null}, 48005: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Start by placing the onion quarters in the bottom of a pot. Sprinkle the pork with salt and pepper, and then place on top of the onions. Pour the chipotle peppers over the top, and then crack open the cans of pop and pour them over the whole thing. Add the brown sugar to the liquid and stir.nCover the pot, put in the oven and cook for at least 6 hours, flipping the roast 2 or 3 times during the cooking process. When its done, the pork will be dark and weird and wonderful. Itll also be forktender. Thats when you know its done.nRemove the meat from the pot and shred completely. Then return the meat to the pot and keep in the juice until you need it. Divine, ingredients: [2 onions, peeled and quartered, 1 whole pork butt pork shoulder roast, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 11ounce can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 2 cans pop I use Dr Pepper, 4 packed tablespoons brown sugar], title: Spicy Pop Pulled Pork, picturelink: WYSS6UL5pqxLKtgu6hdm5GOOcF6k2}, 48006: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat about 2tablespoons of the olive oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat.nSeason the short ribs well with salt and pepper. Over medium heat, brown ribs for 6 minutes on each side. You will need to do this in batches. Remove the browned short ribs to a plate and repeat with remaining ribs and oil.nAdd onion, carrots, garlic, celery, and salt and pepper to the Dutch oven and saute until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and wine to the vegetables and cook, stirring, about 1 minute. Add the stock, diced tomatoes, thyme, and bay leaf. Return the browned short ribs and any juices that have accumulated back into the Dutch oven. Add orange zest. Cover with a heavy lid and place in the oven and braise for 3 hours or until the meat is very tender.nOnce the ribs are tender, remove the ribs to a platter. Taste for seasoning. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Serve the short ribs over the stone ground grits, if desired. Garnish with fresh chopped parsley., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, divided, 6 pounds beef short ribs, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 cups dry red wine, 3 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, in thick puree, 3 thyme sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 1 orange, zested, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Neelys Short Ribs, picturelink: oSJcDBo57w7pSNggXoQINTYgUAPiUEq}, 48007: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the vinegar and salt and pepper, to taste.nDrizzle in the hazelnut oil, gradually at first, whisking, to form an emulsion. Then add oil at a faster rate, whisking to retain the emulsion. When one cup of the oil has been incorporated into the mayonnaise, stir in the herbs.nPile the lettuce on a plate in a mound, drizzle it with 1 tablespoon of oil and 2 teaspoons of vinegar. Remove the eggs from the bowl with a slotted spoon, lightly dry them with a paper towel, trim off loose strands of egg white, and place the eggs on the lettuce. Spoon a dollop of herbed mayonnaise on each egg.nRecommended Drink: Pol Roger Brut Champagne, NonVintage, ingredients: [12 tablespoon tarragon vinegar, Salt, Pepper, 1 cup hazelnut oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 teaspoon fresh tarragon, chopped, 1 teaspoon chives, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh marjoram, chopped, 2 cups mixed lettuces, rinsed and dried, 2 teaspoons champagne vinegar, 3 eggs, poached until yolk is almost set, in a bowl of cold water], title: Poached Eggs with Herb Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 48008: {instructions: Lay lettuce leaves on a plate and evenly spread the insides with cream cheese, 1 teaspoon each. Sprinkle with lemon pepper seasoning and top with smoked salmon.nTop the salmon with onion. Equally distribute cucumber slices among the lettuce leaves. Evenly top with sundried tomatoes.nWrap em up and devour, ingredients: [3 mediumlarge leaves romaine lettuce, 1 tablespoon fatfree cream cheese, 14 teaspoon saltfree lemon pepper seasoning, 2 ounces loxstyle smoked salmon, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 1 small seedless cucumber, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons sundried tomatoes packed in oil, drained and sliced], title: Smokey Salmon Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 48009: {instructions: Roll out refrigerated pizza dough to 14inch. Cut into 3inch rounds. Dollop with cream cheese and jam. Brush the edges with beaten egg, fold in half and press to seal. Brush with egg and sprinkle with sugar. Poke a hole in each bake 20 minutes at 400 degrees F., ingredients: [], title: Jam Pockets, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 48010: {instructions: In a large bowl combine all of the ingredients except cayenne. Serve in chilled bowls and garnish with cayenne pepper., ingredients: [5 cups plain yogurt, 2 cucumbers, peeled and finely diced, 2 cups water, 13 cup chopped cilantro, 2 cloves garlic, mashed to a paste, 23 cup almonds, crushed in food processor, Salt and pepper to taste, Cayenne pepper for garnish], title: Yogurt Soup, picturelink: null}, 48011: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp remove with a slotted spoon. Pat the pork dry with paper towels, add to the hot bacon drippings and allow the meat to form a browned crust. Flip the pork, cook until the other side is browned and then crumble the pork with a wooden spoon. Season with salt and pepper.nWhile the pork browns, peel and chop the apples. Add to the pork along with the thyme, chile peppers, onions and bay leaf and stir to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the paprika, coriander and cumin and stir for 1 minute. Return the bacon to the pan and add the chicken stock, cider and lemon juice. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until thickened and the pork is tender for handcut shoulder. Add a little more stock or water if the goulash dries out too quickly.nTo serve, cook the noodles and toss with butter. Stir in the dill and parsley. Fill serving bowls with the noodles and a ladleful of goulash. Top with the cheese and sour cream., ingredients: [Goulash:, 2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, 5 ounces smoky bacon, chopped, 2 pounds coarse ground pork from a butcher or handchopped pork shoulder you can use ground pork from the meat case, but the dish will have more of a ground beef chili consistency, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 medium apples, such as Gala or Honeycrisp, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 Fresno chile peppers, seeded and finely chopped, 1 large or 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 1 large bay leaf, 3 tablespoons sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 cup apple cider or cloudy organic apple juice, Juice of 12 lemon, Serving:, Extrawide egg noodles, Butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 cups shredded sharp white Cheddar, 1 cup sour cream], title: Pork Goulash with Apple and Onion, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 48012: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a skillet over high heat. Add the mushrooms and 12 teaspoon sugar and saute until golden, 3 minutes. Add the broth and 2 teaspoons soy sauce. Mix the cornstarch with 14 cup water stir into the skillet and boil until thickened, 2 minutes.nHeat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in another skillet over high heat. Add the onion and the remaining 1 teaspoon sugar and cook until tender, 4 minutes. Add the bacon and cook 2 minutes. Add the peas, half of the scallions and the remaining 1 12 teaspoons soy sauce cook 1 more minute. Transfer to a bowl and combine with the beaten eggs.nWipe out the skillet. Return to high heat and add 14 inch of vegetable oil. Add onefourth of the egg mixture spoon some of the hot oil on top and cook until puffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook 1 minute, then drain on paper towels. Repeat to make 3 more omelets. Add the sesame oil to the mushroom gravy and pour over the omelets. Garnish with the remaining scallions.nPhotograph by Antinos Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 6 ounces white mushrooms, trimmed and sliced, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 3 12 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 medium onion, thinly sliced, 6 ounces Canadian bacon, diced, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 6 large eggs, beaten, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil], title: Egg Foo Yong, picturelink: nf7ruUbCSo3j9IgosARKW9VRe4nZS}, 48013: {instructions: In a shaker, combine the cucumber slices, mint leaves and ginger. Muddle the ingredients until they begin to soften. Add enough ice to fill up half of the shaker. Add the cucumber juice and lime juice and shake until the ingredients are combined.nTransfer immediately to a tall glass and top with the ginger beer. Serve., ingredients: [5 slices English cucumber, 4 fresh mint leaves, 1 slice fresh ginger, 14 cup cucumber juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Chilled ginger beer, for topping], title: Cucumber and Ginger Fizz, picturelink: Tyc.21DP4ADG8mUZH9NHrupP1YYHK5e}, 48014: {instructions: For the sauce: Combine all ingredients in a blender and process until smooth set aside until ready to use. If the sauce is too thick, add a little more water. Can be made up to 1 day ahead and stored, covered tightly in a refrigerator until ready to use.nFor the turkey: Combine flour, zest, salt, and pepper in a shallow dish or a resealable plastic bag and mix thoroughly. Add half of cutlets and coat well. Remove, shaking off excess flour, and repeat with remaining cutlets.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. When it shimmers, add 2 to 3 cutlets and cook until browned, about 3 minutes total. Transfer to a plate and repeat with remaining cutlets.nTo serve, place turkey on platter, top with sauce, and garnish with a few slices of avocado and torn basil leaves., ingredients: [2 medium ripe Hass avocados about 1 pound, 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons lightly packed lemon zest, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 4ounce turkey cutlets, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium ripe Hass avocado, 8 basil leaves for garnish], title: Sauteed Turkey Cutlets with Avocado Sauce, picturelink: YL1WBZKpSYSmicp7jwNI1oZV7N8qO6}, 48015: {instructions: Bring a small pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the broccoli rabe and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer the cooked broccoli rabe to an ice bath and let cool, about 3 minutes. Shake off the excess water and transfer to a food processor. Add the garlic, walnuts, honey, salt, and pepper process until smooth. With the machine running gradually pour in the extravirgin olive oil. Transfer the pesto to a small bowl and stir in the Parmesan. Cover and set aside.nIn a medium, heavy skillet, heat the olive oil and vegetable oil over mediumlow heat. Using a deepfry thermometer, heat the oil to 200 degrees F. Reduce the heat to low to sustain the 200 degree F temperature. Season the fish with salt and pepper. Gently place the fish in the oil making sure it is submerged beneath the surface. Poach the fish until just cooked through, about 6 to 7 minutes.nPlace about 12 cup of Broccoli Rabe Pesto on a serving plate and gently smooth out to make a bed for the fish. Using a slotted fish spatula gently transfer the cooked fish from the poaching oil to the serving plate, placing the fish on top of the bed of pesto. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces broccoli rabe about 12 a bunch, 2 cloves garlic, 1 cup toasted walnuts, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 4 cups olive oil, 2 cups vegetable oil, 4 6ounce pieces halibut, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Halibut Poached in Olive Oil with Broccoli Rabe Pesto, picturelink: Rh68iVKrUWBY9Jp6izUnz.SC3a.0dqu}, 48016: {instructions: Bring 2 pots of water to aboil, 1 each for the pasta and potatoes.nFor the Chicken:nHeat oil in a deepfat fryer, then set up a breading station. Whisk together 3 eggs and a cup of the halfandhalf for the egg wash. Begin with this amount and whisk more together if needed. Combine flour and huckleberry seasoning. Set up a bowl, each of: flour mixture, egg wash, and bread crumbs. Evenly coat chicken with flour not too much or bread crumbs wont stick. Dip floured chicken into egg wash, then into bread crumbs. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In a deepfat fryer, lightly fry chicken until golden brown. Finish in the oven until completely cooked, at least 15 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest.nFor the Macaroni and Cheese:nWhile the chicken is cooking, boil the pasta until al dente and drain well so that you dont have excess cooking water which will dilute the flavor. Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat, add the onion and cook until translucent. Gradually add the flour to make a roux. Cook roux 5 minutes, until light golden in color. Incorporate enough of the chicken broth a little at a time to form a smooth sauce. Simmer for at least 10 minutes to allow the flour to cook out. Add the heavy cream and Cheddar and then season with salt and white pepper. Then fold in as much pasta as you need to acquire the right consistency for macaroni and cheese. Cover and set aside in a warm place.nFor the Mashed Potatoes:nBoil the potatoes until tender and drain well. Then mash the potatoes and stir in cubed butter. Whip milk, salt and pepper into the potatoes with a beater.nTo Plate:nForm a bed of mashed potatoes make a well in the center. Spoon enough macaroni and cheese into the well until so that it just begins to breach the edges of the well. Spoon some of the quince jelly in the center of the mound of macaroni and cheese. Place a chicken breast on top of the macaroni and cheese, and garnish with fresh chopped chives., ingredients: [1 liter canola oil, 3 to 6 whole eggs, as needed, 1 to 2 cups halfandhalf, as needed, 2 cups allpurpose flour, or as needed, 12 cup huckleberry seasoning, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, or as needed, 8 skinon chicken breasts, 14 cup chopped chives, for garnish, 16ounce package elbow macaroni, 12 cup butter, 1 cup chopped white onion, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 to 1 cup chicken broth, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups shredded Cheddar, Salt, White pepper, 3 tablespoons quince jelly, 4 large potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 14 cup milk, Salt, White pepper], title: Kid Pleasin Fried Chicken and Quince Jelly over Macaroni and Cheese and Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: 9Y3pF2kNs7yYraVNRFGQiwwZXe1Cmcm}, 48017: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 475 degrees F. Combine 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, the tuna, celery, scallions, parsley and vinegar in a large bowl and mix well. Season with salt and pepper.nCombine the remaining 2 tablespoons mayonnaise with the mustard and horseradish in a small bowl spread on the bread slices and arrange on a baking sheet. Mound the tuna mixture on top and pat it into an even layer. Top each with 1 cheese slice, tearing it as needed to cover the tuna mixture.nSeason the tomato slices with salt place 2 slices on top of each sandwich, then top each with another cheese slice. Bake until the cheese melts, 5 to 7 minutes. Serve with dill pickles., ingredients: [6 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 6ounce cans solid white tuna, drained, 14 cup finely chopped celery, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 4 large slices rye bread, lightly toasted, 8 thin slices havarti cheese, 2 tomatoes, cut into 8 slices, Dill pickles, for serving optional], title: Tuna Melts with Horseradish Mayonnaise, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 48018: {instructions: For the marinade: The day before you plan on cooking your steak, place the ribeye in a resealable baggie along with the olive oil, rosemary, thyme and garlic. Move the herbs and garlic around in the bag to coat the steak with all the flavors. Refrigerate overnight.nFor the steak: Remove the steak from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the steak evenly with 1 teaspoon of the salt. Place the steak on the grill pan and sear for 5 minutes without moving the steak. Flip the steak and repeat on the other side. Remove the steak to a baking sheet and place in the oven for 10 minutes for medium doneness. Allow the steak to rest for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl mix together the lemon zest, lemon juice, 2 teaspoons olive oil, rosemary, thyme, 18 teaspoon of the salt and 18 teaspoon of the pepper. Set aside.nHeat a small nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 1 teaspoon olive oil and slide in the egg, being careful not to break the yolk. Sprinkle with the remaining 18 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and gently cook the egg until the white is just set and the yolk is still soft, about 3 minutes.nTransfer the rested steak to a serving plate. Scatter the arugula over the steak and drizzle 1 teaspoon of the herb oil. Lay the egg, sunnyside up, over the top. Drizzle with the remaining herb oil and season with a few grinds of black pepper., ingredients: [One 18ounce bonein ribeye steak, about 1 12inches thick, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 14 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 large egg, 6 or 7 leaves baby arugula], title: Tuscan RibEye Steak, picturelink: yFFWT8wDAvBRFOgpRAoRB9ibZM2avX6}, 48019: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak the hickory chips in water for 30 minutes, and then drain. Place the soaked chips in a stovetop smoker or outdoor smoker over mediumhigh heat. Peel and quarter the onions and place in a perforated pan. Cover with tin foil, poke a few holes in it, place in the smoker, and smoke for 1 hour. Your onions should be soft and have a nice brown color. Tasting the onions for smoke flavor is the best way to check for doneness, not all smokers are the same. When the onions are smoked, transfer to a food processor and puree until smooth. Cool. Combine with the rest of the ingredients. Mix well and taste for salt., ingredients: [5 cups hickory wood chips or chips of your choice, 5 medium onions, or 4 cups smoked onions, 4 cups mayonnaise, 2 cups sour cream, 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon liquid smoke], title: Smoked Onion Recipe, picturelink: tU1Kr2c0us1.dk.HKWDQdqSBibqHxU6}, 48020: {instructions: In a heated tagine or pot with a lid, heat the olive oil and sear the lamb with the onion for 2 minutes. Add the sugar, cinnamon, saffron, and salt and pepper to the lamb. Let cook for another minute, stirring occasionally. Add the vegetable stock, cover, and let cook on low to medium heat for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Turn off the heat, add the prunes, and let rest with the lid on for 5 minutes. Sprinkle with the sesame seeds before serving., ingredients: [1 5 12 pound leg of lamb, boned and cut in cubes, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup vegetable stock, 12 dried prunes, pitted, 2 tablespoons sesame seed], title: LAgnello Marocchino: Moroccan Lamb, picturelink: null}, 48021: {instructions: Preheat the oil to 350 degrees F in a deep fryer. Carefully place the chicken in the oil. Cook the chicken, 7 to 8 minutes. Carefully remove the chicken from the oil and let them rest, about 2 minutes. Carefully place the chicken back into the oil, about 2 minutes. Carefully remove the chicken from the oil and let them rest, about 1 minute. Combine the chicken with the hot sauce and butter, until the butter is melted and the chicken is evenly coated. Serve the chicken with the dressing, carrot and celery sticks.nThis recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 gallon oil, for frying, 10 chicken wings, mix of drumettes and flats or midjoint wing, 3 ounces hot cayenne pepper sauce, such as Franks RedHot, 1 ounce salted butter, 2 ounces blue cheese dressing, 4 carrot sticks, 4 celery sticks], title: REAL DEAL Chicken Wings Not Buffalo Wings, just Buffalo style, picturelink: null}, 48022: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace parchment paper on baking sheet set aside.nIn a large glass microwavesafe bowl combine chocolate chips and peanut butter. Melt on high for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and stir until smooth.nStir in pretzel sticks. With clean hands grab pretzel sticks and drop on prepared baking sheet in clusters to look like spiders.nPlace in freezer for 5 minutes or until to chocolate is hardened. Remove and serve.nPlace parchment paper on baking sheet set aside.nIn a large glass microwavesafe bowl combine chocolate chips and peanut butter. Melt on high for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and stir until smooth.nStir in pretzel sticks. With clean hands grab pretzel sticks and drop on prepared baking sheet in clusters to look like spiders.nPlace in freezer for 5 minutes or until to chocolate is hardened. Remove and serve., ingredients: [1 12ounce package semisweet morsels, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 6 cups pretzel sticks, 1 12ounce package semisweet morsels, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 6 cups pretzel sticks], title: Spider Bites, picturelink: djYpgZWboO6baLYCA.Cl4ky1aE8OCGS}, 48023: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace bacon slices on baking sheet pan with sides jelly roll pan and bake until lightly browned and starting to crisp, about 56 minutes. Meanwhile, mix brown sugar and maple syrup until smooth. Brush hot bacon slices with mixture, using a pastry brush. Return to oven for another 56 minutes, turning once and being careful not to burn sugar. Remove to cooling rack and let cool.nHeat griddle or sautu00e9 pan over medium heat. Butter one side of bread slices. Spread other side with peanut butter. Top each slice, peanut butterside up, with 1 Butterku00e4se slice and some banana slices. Place butterside down on griddle and grill until sandwich bread bottoms are light golden brown. Meanwhile, heat chocolate sauce until warm. Dip each slice of bacon into warm chocolate to cover half of strip and place over bananas. To serve, drizzle sandwiches with additional chocolate sauce., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 tablespoons maple syrup, 4 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 4 thick slices firm white bread, 8 tablespoons peanut butter, 4 112ounce slices Wisconsin Butterku00e4se cheese, 23 bananas, sliced or chunked, 1 cup hot fudge or chocolate sauce], title: The Lisa Marie Grilled Cheese, picturelink: ghSW9wOivea5pCjSg905u5dlZYq4J5C}, 48024: {instructions: Bring water to a boil for pasta. Cook for 10 minutes or until al dente. In one saucepan heat half of the olive oil. Add garlic and saute for a few seconds. Add tomatoes and cook for 5 minutes or until thickened season with salt and piper. In another skillet cook the shrimp in half the remaining olive oil. remove from heat and toss in the parsley season with salt and pepper. Drain pasta and transfer to a serving bowl add shrimp and tomato mixtures and toss do not serve with cheese., ingredients: [12 pound dried squid ink linguine or fettuccine, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced, 2 cups canned plum tomatoes, drained and cut with scissors or sliced into thin pieces, 12 pound peeled and deveined shrimp or scallops, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, Salt and pepper, Parmesan cheese], title: Pasta and Seafood, picturelink: null}, 48025: {instructions: Boil 4 husked and rinsed tomatillos in a pot of water, 5 minutes. Puree 12 cup chopped cilantro, 12 cup chopped white onion, 1 chopped jalapeno and a splash of the tomatillo cooking water in a blender. Drain the tomatillos, add to the blender and pulse. Add 2 chopped avocados and 1 teaspoon kosher salt and pulse. Season with more salt to taste.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Creamy Tomatillo Guacamole, picturelink: dUw8O2wBIuf6Vai7T8aoBmrXirJCUy}, 48026: {instructions: Put the beans, their liquid and the ham in a large, heavy saucepan. Cook, uncovered, over medium heat until the majority of the liquid has cooked down, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 quarts homecanned green beans or storebought canned Blue Lake variety green beans, with their liquid, 12 pound cured ham hock], title: Cooked To Death Green Beans, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 48027: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPrepare the corn muffin mix as directed on the box, then stir in the butter, jalapenos, flour and honey. Use a 2inch ice cream scoop or 14cup measure to scoop the batter onto the prepared baking sheet, leaving about 1 12 inches between each scoop. Sprinkle with the chile lime seasoning.nBake the cookies until puffed, light golden on top and golden brown on the underside, 10 to 12 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [One 8.5ounce box corn muffin mix, plus ingredients called for on the box, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons chopped pickled jalapenos, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon honey, About 1 teaspoon Mexican chile lime seasoning, such as Tajin], title: Sweet and Savory Cornbread Cookies, picturelink: tGp51V5As61aw6pxHIqk7vxBgar2BC}, 48028: {instructions: To enjoy On The Rocks, pour ingredients over ice in rocks glass. To enjoy Up pour ingredients into shaker. Shake or stir, then pour into martini glass., ingredients: [1ounce vodka, 12ounce Cointreau, Splash lime juice, Splash cranberry juice], title: Red Tram Martini, picturelink: null}, 48029: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine shrimp, lime juice, pico de gallo, and cilantro. Let stand 5 to 10 minutes. Add diced avocado and toss to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound cooked bay shrimp, 1 lime, juiced, 12 cup store bought pico de gallo, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 avocado, diced, Salt and pepper], title: Shrimp with Avocado Ceviche, picturelink: j872vos1EdxtIKFmzIvSPCYBFG49SO2}, 48030: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Just before it starts to smoke, add the tomatoes they will pop and sputter. Cook until the tomatoes blister and their skins char, 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, add the garlic, and cook for 1 minute. Turn off the heat and add the feta. Add the oregano and cayenne, and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the broth and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil, 3 cups grape or pear tomatoes preferably a mix of yellow and red, washed and dried, 4 cloves garlic, sliced thin, 4 ounces French feta or 3 ounces Greek feta, crumbled, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Pinch cayenne, Salt and fresh ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chicken broth], title: Blistered Tomatoes in the Snow, picturelink: F.xqvGCrucRBbQMvIzK6N2rw56Hui}, 48031: {instructions: Heat the coconut oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the tasso ham, red pepper, celery and jalapeno and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the corn and thyme. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally, for another 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, halfandhalf and vegetable stock. Simmer until the sauce is reduced and thickened, 15 to 20 minutes.nStir in the parsley and add salt and pepper to taste. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 tablespoon coconut oil, 12 medium onion, finely diced about 12 cup, 14 cup chopped tasso ham see Cooks Note, 12 red bell pepper, diced about 12 cup, 1 stalk celery, diced about 14 cup, 2 tablespoons finely diced jalapeno, 3 ears corn, kernels cut off about 2 cups, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 cup diced canned fireroasted tomatoes, 12 cup halfandhalf, 14 cup vegetable stock, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Maque Choux with Tasso Ham, picturelink: null}, 48032: {instructions: Heat cast iron skillet over medium low heat. Add tomatoes, chilies and garlic. Pan roast until tender and brown on all sides, turning frequently, about 20 minutes. Transfer tomatoes to blender. Remove seeds and stems from chilies add chilies to blender. Peel garlic and add to blender. Add water, orange juice and grapefruit juice. Puree until smooth. Transfer to medium bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [3 plum tomatoes, 1 to 3 fresh habanero chilies, 2 garlic cloves, unpeeled, 14 cup water, Juice of one orange, Juice of one grapefruit, Salt and fresh ground pepper to taste], title: Habanero Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48033: {instructions: For the sauce: In a bowl, whisk together the tomato sauce, soy sauce, brown sugar, tomato paste, vinegar, garlic, ginger and hot sauce until blended. Reserve 12 cup for the Round 2 Recipe Stuffed Cabbage Rolls, or another use. Set the rest of the sauce aside.nFor the sloppy joes: In a large skillet over medium heat, add the oil. When it is hot, add the onions and peppers and cook until they are soft, about 5 minutes. Push the vegetables to one side of the pan and add the ground pork. Break up any lumps and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until the pork is lightly browned, about 5 minutes. If there is a lot of fat in the pan, spoon some of it out and discard.nAdd the sauce to the pan, bring to a simmer and cook until the pork mixture has thickened but is still a bit loose, about 15 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of the mixture for the Round 2 Recipe Stuffed Cabbage Rolls, or another use.nTo serve, remove 2 leaves from the cabbage, roll them up like a cigar and slice into very thin strips. Reserve the remaining cabbage for the Round 2 Recipe Stuffed Cabbage Rolls, or another use. Divide the sloppy joe mixture onto the hamburger buns. Garnish with the sliced cabbage. Top with the bun tops and serve immediately., ingredients: [One 15ounce can tomato sauce, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 pound ground pork, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small head green cabbage, 4 hamburger buns, toasted], title: Asian Sloppy Joes, picturelink: lMssCYPNT5G4QKGsVJbU2CNMxehSa2}, 48034: {instructions: Thoroughly mix the two cheese together in a bowl. Divide the dough into 12 even spherical portions. Roll each ball into a 4inch circle, about 116inch thick. Place a spoonful of the cheeses in the center of each piece of dough, then fold one edge over to form a halfmoon shape. Pinch the edges to seal them and prevent the cheese from seeping out during cooking. Place the oil in a heavybottomed pot. Test the oil to determine whether its ready for frying by dropping a small piece of dough into the pot. If the piece floats right away with bubbles all around it then the oil is ready. Fry the pizzelle until golden brown on both sides. Drain on paper towels. Serve immediately.nMix 1 tablespoon of the water, the sugar, and 18 teaspoon of the yeast into a small bowl. Place one third of the flour in the mixing bowl of a mixer with the hook attachment. Add the warm water, olive oil, dissolved yeast, egg, and salt and mix for 5 minutes on low speed. Fold in another third of the flour and continue to mix for another 5 minutes on slow speed. Add the remaining flour and the remaining 18 teaspoon of dry yeast, increase the speed to medium, and continue to mix for an additional 5 minutes. Place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and allow to rest in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Divide the dough into six 7inch circles, approximately 4 ounces each. Rub your hands with a little oil so the dough wont stick to your fingers. Place the dough on a lightly oiled cookie sheet, cover well with plastic wrap, and let them rest in a warm place for another 3 hours. Flatten and form the dough into 12inch circles, add the desired toppings, and bake according to the recipe. The dough can be wrapped in individualpizza portions and refrigerated for up to 5 days, or it can be frozen., ingredients: [1 recipe pizza dough see below, 34 cup mozzarella, shredded, 34 cup mild Gorgonzola, broken into small pieces, Salt and pepper to taste, Vegetable oil for frying, 1 tablespoon water, 14 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon yeast, 3 14 pounds bread flour or allpurpose flour, 1 quart water at 90 degrees F., 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon salt], title: Pizzelle Fritte Miniature Fried Pizzas, picturelink: null}, 48035: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large saute pan. Add the corn, sausage, shrimp, snap peas, peppedaw pepper, onions and bell peppers. Cook until the shrimp turn pink and tender. Season with salt and pepper, and garnish with fresh herbs., ingredients: [2 tablespoons whole butter, 12 cup white corn, 12 cup sliced Surry County smoked sausage, 12 cup rock shrimp, 14 cup sugar snap peas, julienned, 14 cup peppadew peppers, 1 medium Vidalia onion, small dice, 1 medium red bell pepper, small dice, 1 medium yellow pepper, small dice, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, Fresh herbs, for garnish], title: Chef Walter Bundys Surry Sausage and White Corn Succotash, picturelink: null}, 48036: {instructions: Scrape the corn from the cob by balancing the cob on small inverted bowl nested in larger bowl. Using a sharp knife, cut the kernels off the cob from the top to the bottom.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, in a sauce pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the corn and saute until it starts to brown at the edges, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the scallions and cook for 1 minute, then add the stock and bring to a boil. Whisk in the polenta and cook until thick, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the butter and season with hot sauce and salt, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 ears fresh husked corn on the cob or 1 cup frozen kernels, defrosted, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 thin scallions, finely chopped, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, Kosher salt], title: Corny Polenta, picturelink: null}, 48037: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray two 6by3inch miniature loaf pans with cooking spray set aside.nPlace the banana chips in a large ziptop plastic bag. Press out the air and seal. Using a rolling pin, roll over the chips until crushed.nWhisk the muffin mix and cocoa in a large bowl. Add the chocolate milk, oil and eggs, stirring until smooth. Stir in the crushed banana chips and chocolate chips. Divide the batter evenly between the pans.nBake for 50 to 55 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool in the pans on a rack for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the glaze: Mix the confectioners sugar, heavy cream and banana extract in a small bowl. Drizzle the glaze over the loaves and let cool completely.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 34 cup banana chips, 1 17.1ounce package banananut muffin mix, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 34 cup chocolate milk, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 34 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 to 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 to 1 teaspoon banana extract], title: ChocolateBanana Mini Loaves, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 48038: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the pork and chicken in a 1 12 gallon stock pot with enough water to cover. Cook at a medium simmer for 2 hours, or until the meat is very tender, skimming occasionally. Remove the meat to a bowl and reserve the stock. Meanwhile, in a separate large stockpot, do the same to the beef. Remove the beef and discard the broth.nPlace the potatoes in a medium saucepan, cover with water and simmer until tender.nRemove and discard the bones and skin from all of the cooked meat, pull apart or cut into chunks and process in a food processor or meat grinder until ground. Put 2 pints of the reserved pork and chicken stock into a 1 12 gallon stock pot, reserve the rest for another use. Add the ground meats to the stock. Dissolve the black pepper and the cayenne pepper in 1 tablespoon water, and add to the stew.nAdd to the onion and tomato to the food processor, process well and add it to the meat mixture with the ketchup and Worcestershire sauce. Process in the food processor the cooked potatoes, then add to the stew, stirring until any lumps are removed. Stir in the salt. At this point, the stew should be soupy not watery. If the stew is too thick to stir easily with a flat spatula or pancake turner, thin it slightly with more reserved pork and chicken stock. Cook for 30 minutes, stirring constantly.nPuree and add the corn, then continue to cook the stew over very low heat for 1 hour, stirring often and scraping the bottom of the stock pot with a flat spatula or pancake turner to avoid scorching., ingredients: [1 pound Boston butt pork roast, 1 pound fresh chicken or hen, bone in, 1 pound boneless beef chuck roast, 1 pound red potatoes, peeled and quartered, 2 12 teaspoons ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 1 small sweet onion, such as Vidalia, chopped, 6 cups canned whole peeled tomatoes, 34 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 32 ounces 4 cups creamstyle white corn], title: Jacks Brunswick Stew, picturelink: 0LimezhsY41eXki24492ea64K0tjfoa}, 48039: {instructions: For the bubble and squeak: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the cabbage to a pan, cover with chicken stock and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until tender, about 1 hour.nDrizzle the squash halves with the oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and put on a baking sheet cutside up. Roast until tender, 45 to 60 minutes. Set aside to cool.nPut the potatoes in a pot and add enough salted water to cover. Cover the pot, bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain the potatoes and mash with a fork or potato masher.nFor the steaks: In a bowl, mix together the parsley, salt, pepper and lemon and lime juice. In a shallow bowl, cover the steaks with the sauce and marinate for 30 minutes.nMeasure out 2 cups of the mashed potatoes, 1 cup of the cooked cabbage and 1 cup of the roasted squash into a large bowl save the remaining vegetables for another use. Add the egg and some salt and pepper and mix well. Form into four equal cakes, each about 1 inch thick.nTo cook the cakes, heat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add some butter and then the cakes and cook until golden brown on one side. Flip and cook on the second side until golden brown. Keep warm.nFor the poached eggs: Heat 8 cups water and the vinegar in a pot until simmering. Carefully crack the eggs into the water and cook for 3 minutes. Remove the eggs with a slotted spoon and place on a plate or into soup cups until plating.nTo cook the steaks, heat a thickbottom pan over high heat until smoking. Remove the steaks from the marinade. Reduce the heat to medium, add the oil and steaks and cook for 3 minutes on each side. Set the steaks aside on a plate to rest for 2 minutes. Add the Sriracha to the pan and stir to create a pan sauce. Slice the steaks on the bias.nPlace a bubble and squeak cake on each plate followed by some sliced steak. Top with a poached egg and finish with the pan sauce., ingredients: [1 small head cabbage, roughly chopped, Chicken stock, as needed, 1 butternut squash, split lengthwise and seeds scooped out, Grapeseed oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds potatoes, peeled and quartered, 1 egg, Butter, for frying cakes, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, Juice of 1 lemon, Juice of 1 lime, Four 4ounce flank steaks or bison steaks, 1 teaspoon grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon Sriracha, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 4 eggs], title: Steak and Eggs with Bubble and Squeak, picturelink: null}, 48040: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange the lettuce on a platter, then top with rows of the peppers, cucumbers, onions, tomatoes, avocados, cheese and eggs. Drizzle the Bacon Buttermilk Dressing over the top and serve.nPlace the buttermilk, sour cream, lemon juice, mustard, chili powder, salt, pepper and bacon in a food processor and process until combined. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine lettuce, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 English seedless cucumber, quartered and sliced, 1 small red onion, diced, 1 tomato, cored and cut into wedges, 2 avocados, peeled and diced, 2 cups small cubes sharp white Cheddar, 6 hardboiled eggs, chopped, Bacon Buttermilk Dressing, recipe follows, 12 cup buttermilk, 13 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 slices bacon, cooked until crisp and roughly chopped or torn], title: Cobb Salad and Bacon Buttermilk Dressing, picturelink: FcH77eEKbBzdURdARcozzgsU3fWjOJC}, 48041: {instructions: In a plastic bag combine all ingredients except the tuna. Mix the marinade in the bag until combined and add the tuna, coating it completely. Seal the bag, refrigerate, and let the tuna marinate for 1 to 2 hours, turning it occasionally.nPreheat a grill, or broiler with rack in the top position.nBrush the grill with vegetable oil. Discard the marinade and grill the tuna or broil it on a rack set in a baking pan for 3 minutes on each side until medium rare.nServe immediately., ingredients: [12 cup light soy sauce, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seed oil, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger root, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds tuna steak 1 inch or thicker, cut into 4 portions], title: Tuna Grilled KoreanStyle, picturelink: null}, 48042: {instructions: In a large skillet, melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add pears and 1 tablespoon sugar, and cook until pears are tender and caramelized, about 10 minutes. Remove from skillet, and set aside. In a wide deep dish, combine eggs, milk, orange juice, pear liqueur, lemon juice, remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, salt, and zests. Beat with a fork until well blended. Slice brioche into 14inch thick slices. Dip slices into egg mixture until thoroughly moistened. Be careful not to oversoak. Remove to a plate. Cover half of the slices of soaked bread with sauteed pears top with remaining slices of soaked bread to form sandwiches. Coat the bottom of a large skillet with about 18inch of vegetable oil. Place over mediumhigh heat until oil bubbles when a drop of water is added. Using a spatula, transfer pear sandwiches to oil, and cook until deep golden brown on 1 side. Flip, and continue cooking until deep golden brown and slightly puffy throughout. Remove and drain on paper towels. Serve hot with maple syrup or confectioners sugar. Serve with pear topping, if desired.nIn a large skillet, melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add pears and sugar, and cook until pears are tender and caramelized, about 10 minutes. Remove from skillet, and set aside., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 medium ripe Bosc pears, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons sugar, 6 large eggs, 1 12 cups milk, 13 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup pear liqueur recommended: Poire William, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Pinch salt, 1 orange, zested, 1 lemon, zested, 12 loaf brioche or French baquette, Vegetable oil, for frying, Maple syrup, optional, Confectioners sugar, optional, Sauteed Pear Topping, for serving, optional, recipe follows, 3 medium ripe Bosc pears, peeled, cored and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: PearStuffed French Toast, picturelink: null}, 48043: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with 18 liners.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Using an electric mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth. Gradually add the granulated sugar about 14 cup at a time until the mixture is light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the vanilla. Alternately add the flour mixture and the milk, starting and ending with the flour mixture, beating well after each addition and scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally.nSpoon the batter into the liners. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 16 to 18 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nMake a hole in the center of each cupcake using a small paring knife or apple corer, making sure not to go all the way to the bottom. Pipe the Dark Chocolate Filling into each cupcake all the way to the top, reserving some for garnish. Frost the cupcakes with Peanut Butter Frosting, reserving some for garnish. Roll the edges of the cupcakes in mini chocolate chips. Drizzle the cupcakes with the remaining chocolate filling, and then with the remaining peanut butter frosting.nPlace the chopped chocolate in a small bowl. In a small saucepan, heat the heavy cream over low heat until it simmers. Remove from the heat and pour over the chocolate pieces. Add the butter and let stand for 1 minute. Stir until smooth. Let cool slightly. Cut 18inch off the end of a piping bag. Pour the mixture into the piping bag.nIn a large mixing bowl, using an electric mixer with paddle attachment, whip the cream cheese on high speed about 30 seconds until smooth. Add the peanut butter and continue mixing on high speed for 1 minute until well blended, scraping down the sides often. Add the vanilla. On low speed, add the powdered sugar 12 cup at a time., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup dark cocoa, such as Hersheys Special, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups granulated sugar, 3 eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups whole milk, One 32ounce bag mini chocolate chips, for garnish, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate 60percent cacao, coarsely chopped, such as Ghirardelli, 23 cup plus 14 cup heavy cream, 2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup peanut butter, 4 cups powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Double Drizzle, picturelink: Jab.CuZFnLYgurrK1F.en7ca6GXYElq}, 48044: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLiquefy the watermelon and cucumber in a blender and strain through a fine mesh sieve into a pitcher. Refrigerate until ready to use.nMix the lime zest and salt on a small plate and reserve.nWhen ready to serve:nMix 12 cup watermeloncucumber juice with lime juice, agave and tequila in a cocktail shaker filled with ice shake well to chill. Rub the rim of a martini glass with a lime wedge and dip it into the lime zest mixture. Pour the margarita into the saltrimmed martini glass and enjoy, ingredients: [4 cups seedless watermelon chunks, 12 English cucumber, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 lime, zested, plus juice of 12 lime, plus wedge for rimming glasses, 14 cup course kosher salt, 1 ounce agave syrup or honey, 3 ounces white tequila], title: Cucumber Watermelon Margaritas, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 48045: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a medium sauce pan over medium heat. Add the shallots and cascabel powder and cook until soft. Raise the heat to high, add the vinegar, red wine, tangerine juice and sugar and reduce to a syrup. Strain, return to a small saucepan and season with lemon juice, honey to taste. Add the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Let cool. Mix together the juices, chile powders and oil. Add the chicken thighs and let marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator. Preheat grill. Remove chicken from marinade and thread each chicken half onto 2 skewers so that the meat stays flat on the grill. Grill for 4 minutes on each side or until cooked through. Remove chicken from the grill and brush liberally with the tangerine glaze., ingredients: [2 tablespoon olive oil, 2 shallots, finely diced, Pinch of cascabel powder, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup tangerine juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, Lemon juice to taste, Honey to taste, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon pasilla pepper, 2 tablespoons paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 14 cup olive oil, 8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut in half lengthwise, 16 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 2 hours], title: Fire Roasted Chicken Skewers with TangerineCascabel Glaze, picturelink: null}, 48046: {instructions: Creamy, tangy goat cheese loaded with fresh herbs makes an impressive, yet easy, burger topping.n1. In small bowl combine chevre, milk, rosemary, thyme and garlic salt. Set aside.n2. Microcook veggie burger according to package directions, except after turning burger, spread cheese mixture on top. Continue microcooking according to package directions.n3. Top bun bottom with spinach, burger and bun top., ingredients: [12 ounce chevre goat cheese, softened about 1 tablespoon, 12 teaspoon fat free milk, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 14 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 18 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 Morningstar Farmsu00ae Garden Veggie Pattiesu2122 Veggie Burger, 12 cup fresh baby spinach leaves, 1 hamburger bun, split and toasted about 1 12 oz.], title: Goat Cheese Topped Veggie Burger, picturelink: M4iLvTTUvsmE8Rtn7O00SjGv12iXwQS}, 48047: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450. In a large bowl or the bowl place flour, salt and baking powder. Stir until combined. Add butter and mix until its the size of small peas. Add the cottage cheese and stir until just combined.nUsing a large soupspoon, drop onto a nonstick cookie sheet. Bake until golden, about 1215 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, cut into  inch pieces, 1 16oz. container low fat cottage cheese], title: Cottage Cheese Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 48048: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a nonstick skillet set over moderately high heat, warm the oil until it is hot, add the onion and cook it, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. Add the zucchini, herbes de Provence, salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 to 5 minutes more, or until lightly golden. Let cool.nIn a bowl combine the veal, egg, 3 tablespoons of the parsley, the garlic, herbs, Cavenders Greek seasoning, salt and pepper to taste.nIn a 9 inch greased pie pan sprinkle 2 to 3 tablespoons of the bread crumbs, or enough to coat the bottom of the pan evenly. Add half of the zucchini mixture to the pan, arranging it in an even layer, top with the meat and finally cover with the remaining zucchini.nIn a bowl combine the remaining parsley, bread crumbs and the Parmesan and sprinkle the mixture over the top of the pie. Drizzle with a little oil. Bake the pie in the oven for 20 minutes, or until cooked through and golden. Let cool slightly before serving. It can be served warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus additional for drizzling over the pie, 1 onion, minced, 1 pound zucchini, trimmed and sliced thin, 12 teaspoon herbes de Provence, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 34 pound ground veal, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 5 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 12 teaspoons each minced fresh thyme and rosemary leaves, or 12 teaspoon each dried mint and rosemary, crumbled, 12 teaspoon Cevenders Greek seasoning, if available, 12 cup dried or fresh bread crumbs, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, or to taste], title: Marias Meat Pie, picturelink: null}, 48049: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the confectioners sugar with 2 tablespoons of water until it forms a thin smooth glaze. Spoon the glaze onto each cookie then decorate with the sprinkles., ingredients: [1 cup confectioners sugar, Sugar sprinkles, such as hot pink or white, for decorating, 14 to 16 bakery shortbread or sugar cookies], title: Cookie Glaze, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 48050: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 9inch baking dish with butter.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, and salt. In another medium bowl, whisk together very well the eggs, milk, butter, applesauce, and maple syrup. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir to incorporate do not overmix. Pour into the prepared dish and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Serve with Maple Lime Butter.nIn a small bowl, mix the ingredients together until well incorporated. Refrigerate for at least 10 minutes to firm up slightly before serving., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 34 cup cornmeal not coarse, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 34 cup milk, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, plus extra for greasing, 12 cup unsweetened applesauce, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, Maple Lime Butter, recipe follows, Special Equipment: 9by9inch baking dish, 12 stick butter, softened, 1 teaspoon maple syrup, 1 teaspoon lime zest, Salt], title: Brunch Cornbread, picturelink: fROSFbO5e6BejMb4vlsrNV9osUrfvHu}, 48051: {instructions: Make 2inchlong deep cut with knife parallel to cutting board in center of each chicken breast half to form pocket. Evenly stuff pockets with cheese and tomatoes secure with wooden toothpicks. Sprinkle, if desired, with salt and pepper. Dip chicken breasts in flour.nHeat oil in 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat and brown chicken. Add garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, 30 seconds. Stir in Sauce and simmer covered 6 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Remove toothpicks. Serve, if desired, over hot steamed escarole or spinach., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 114 lbs., 4 ounces fontina or mozzarella cheese, cut into 4 equal slices, 3 Tbsp. drained and chopped sundried tomatoes halves, packed in oil, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 Tbsp. vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 112 cups Bertolliu00ae Vineyard Premium Collections Marinara with Burgundy Wine Sauce, 14 cup water], title: SunDried Tomato and Cheese Stuffed Chicken Breasts, picturelink: F8fH7weJV2ow1nhhzNFMpckgRwaeJe}, 48052: {instructions: For the sweet chili dipping sauce: In a small bowl, combine the sweet chili sauce, fish sauce and lime juice. Mix well and set aside.nFor the gingersoy sauce: In another small bowl, combine the sesame oil, soy sauce, vinegar and ginger. Mix well and set aside.nFor the abalone: With a meat mallet, pound the abalone steaks to 18inch thick, and then cut into 12inch strips. On a plate, combine the cornstarch with a pinch of sea salt and a few grinds of white pepper. Heat 12inch peanut oil in a wok over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot, dredge the abalone strips, in batches if necessary, in the seasoned cornstarch and flash fry in the wok for 20 to 30 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. In a small bowl, combine 12 teaspoon sea salt with 12 teaspoon ground white pepper. Season the fried abalone with the salt and pepper mixture. Serve the abalone on a bed of mixed greens garnished with the lemon wedges, scallions and small bowls of both dipping sauces on the side., ingredients: [6 tablespoons Thai sweet chili sauce, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 limes, juiced about 14 cup, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and cut into matchsticks, 1 pound abalone steaks, 14 cup cornstarch, Sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, Peanut oil, for frying, One 6ounce bag mixed baby greens, for serving, 2 lemons, cut into wedges, for garnish, 2 scallions, finely sliced, for garnish], title: Crispy Salt and Pepper Abalone with GingerSoy and Sweet Chili Dipping Sauces, picturelink: null}, 48053: {instructions: 1. Make the batter. In a shallow dish, whisk together the eggs, milk, pumpkin pie spice, pumpkin puree, and sugars.n2. Mix the coating. In another shallow dish, combine the cereal, pecans, and a pinch of salt.n3. Dredge the bread. Place the bread slices in the egg dish and soak on each side until well coated and soaked through, but not soggy. Immediately place the bread in the coating and press down on both sides and the edges to coat. Repeat with the remaining slices, place on a parchmentlined plate, and refrigerate for 20 minutes.n4. Make the syrup. In a small pot, melt the butter over low heat. Add the butterscotch and pecan liqueurs and bring to a simmer, then add the maple syrup and stir. Taste the syrup and season with a tiny pinch of salt. Keep warm over low heat.n5. Fry the bread. In a large skillet or griddle over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons oil. Remove the bread slices from the refrigerator and cook until golden, turning once, 5 to 7 minutes per batch. Add 1 more tablespoon of butter and oil for each batch, if needed.n6. Serve. Serve warm with the butterscotch syrup. Refrigerate any remaining syrup in an airtight container for up to 1 month., ingredients: [4 eggs, 12 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 12 cup pumpkin puree, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 3 cups cornflakes, crushed, 112 cups finely chopped pecans, Kosher salt, 8 slices stale Texas toast,, 112 inches thick, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for frying, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup butterscotch liqueur, 14 cup pecan liqueur, 1 cup grade A maple syrup, Kosher salt], title: Pumpkin Pecan Pie French Toast with Butterscotch Syrup, picturelink: KNE.MuUHaFVtRqauIS9aCTKAW64hc1S}, 48054: {instructions: Soak 12 cup bread cubes in 12 cup milk, 5 minutes. Whisk with 4 eggs, and salt and pepper. Add 14 cup each chopped parsley and grated parmesan, 6 chopped stemmed squash blossoms, 1 grated garlic clove and 1 shredded yellow squash. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a small ovenproof skillet add the egg mixture and cook 5 minutes, then bake at 375 degrees F until set, 20 minutes. Cut into pieces.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Squash Blossom Frittata Squares, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}, 48055: {instructions: For the meatballs: Put the bread in a small bowl and add just enough milk to cover. Let soak for 5 minutes.nAdd the meat, cheese, parsley, salt, pepper, egg and soaked bread to a large bowl and mix lightly with your hands do not overwork. Form the mixture into balls and place on a baking sheet.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat and add a healthy drizzle of olive oil. Working in batches, fry the meatballs in the skillet until all sides are golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Set aside.nFor the marinara sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the Italian seasoning and onions and sweat the onions until translucent, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds, then add the tomatoes and meatballs, bring to a simmer and simmer for 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with fresh basil.nServe the meatballs and marinara over your favorite pasta., ingredients: [1 slice bread, Milk, for soaking the bread, 1 pound ground meat beef, pork and veal, 13 cup grated Romano cheese, Handful fresh Italian parsley, chopped, Big pinch of kosher salt, Big pinch of freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg, beaten, Olive oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Two 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh basil, for garnish, Cooked pasta, for serving], title: Presto Meatballs and Marinara, picturelink: 0efhulMRzavEGXAarEr7ilGVbKrhsK}, 48056: {instructions: 1. Place onions in bottom of slow cooker. 2. Place roast on top of onions. 3. Pour steak sauce over roast to coat. 4. Sprinkle with dried onion and steak spice. 5. Cover and cook on HIGH for 5 hours or LOW for 8 hours or until internal temperature reaches at least 160 degrees Fahrenheit for medium doneness., ingredients: [One 5 pound beef bottom roast, 2 large onions, thickly sliced, 8 oz. or 1 cup steak sauce, 2 tablespoons dried minced onion, 1 tablespoon Montreal steak spice], title: Easy Slow Cooker Beef Roast, picturelink: null}, 48057: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in blender and blend on high for 1 minute or until smooth., ingredients: [2 cups plain yogurt, 1 cup vanilla soy milk recommended: West Soy, 14 cup chocolate syrup recommended: Hersheys, 2 cups ice], title: Moon and Stars Mocha, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 48058: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the Dijon and honey. Spread the honeymustard mixture on 1 slice of the bread. Top with the ham and watercress and the remaining slice of bread., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 slices pumpernickel bread, 3 ounces lean ham, 14 cup watercress, cleaned], title: Pumpernickel Ham and Watercress Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 48059: {instructions: Special equipment: A 9inch fluted tart pan with removable bottomnFor the crust: Butter a 9inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. To prepare the crust, add the flour, confectioners sugar, and salt to the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade and pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the egg yolk and pulse just until the mixture is evenly moistened. Transfer the mixture to the prepared pan and press it into the bottom and sides with a floured measuring cup. Freeze the crust for 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine the cold pastry with parchment paper and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Place the lined tart pan on a baking sheet and bake until set and dry, about 20 minutes. Carefully lift the parchment and the weights to peek underneath and check. Remove the parchment and the weights and continue to bake the crust until light golden brown and crisp, 12 to 14 minutes more. Let the crust cool completely.nFor the filling: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed, beat the cream cheese, granulated sugar, lemon zest, and salt until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the sour cream. Add the eggs and mix. Scrape the filling into the prepared tart shell and smooth the top.nBake the tart on a baking sheet until the filling is set around the edges but still has a slight jiggle in the center, 23 to 26 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool slightly. Wrap loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate until completely cool, at least 6 hours and up to 2 days.nDust with confectioners sugar and top with lemon slices to serve, if you like., ingredients: [6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed, plus more for the pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for the measuring cup, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large egg yolk, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, Pinch kosher salt, 1 cup fullfat sour cream, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, Confectioner sugar and lemon slices, for serving, optional], title: Lemon Cheesecake Tart, picturelink: l6RAfT8suOHzjNnhCUPoe9poR1JO3a}, 48060: {instructions: Brush the mushrooms carefully with a paper towel to get rid of the excess dirt. Using a spoon, carefully scrape out the gills from the underside of the portobello cap.nSlice the mushroom in half along the perimeter like you are butterflying it so you have 2 thin rounds and place them in a large bowl.nIn a saute pan add the oil and place over medium heat. When the oil is shimmering, add the garlic and the shallot and cook for no more than 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the lemon zest, lemon juice, oregano, thyme, honey, salt, and pepper and whisk vigorously.nPour the mixture over the mushrooms and with your hands toss gently to coat, making sure there is even coverage.nLet the mushrooms stand at room temperature for at least 45 minutes., ingredients: [8 portobello mushroom caps, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large shallot, minced, Zest and juice of 2 lemons, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Marinated Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: PA9GfKPz4uUCbXypabCepPFoUQRDUgS}, 48061: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason rack of lamb with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large skillet. Once heated, add the lamb and sear until golden brown, about 5 minutes.nIn a mixing bowl place crushed pine nuts, bread crumbs, chives, garlic, and Parmesan mix all the ingredients together.nPlace the seared lamb into a roasting pan. Spoon the wholegrain mustard on top to cover the entire meat side of the rack. Sprinkle the bread crumb mixture to cover the mustard. Once the lamb has been covered by an even layer of the mixture place the roasting pan into the oven and cook until mediumrare about 10 to 15 minutes. Once out of the oven remove lamb from pan and set aside on a plate to rest for about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, place the roasting pan on the stove top and deglaze with the beef stock, port and orange juice. Add sprigs of sage and thyme and bring to a simmer to quickly reduce. When reduced spoon jus over the lamb and serve.nIn a saucepan of boiling salted water add the baby carrots and cook for about 3 to 4 minutes. At the halfway point add trimmed asparagus and cook for about 1 to 2 minutes. Strain all vegetables when done. Serve with roasted rack of lamb., ingredients: [2 racks of lamb, trimmed and frenched about 1 12 pounds each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, for searing, 12 cup crushed pine nuts, 12 cup bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped chives, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 12 cup wholegrain mustard, 12 cup beef stock, 12 cup port, 12 orange, juiced, 2 sprigs fresh sage, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 pound baby carrots, 1 pound asparagus, trimmed], title: Crusted Rack of Lamb with Jus and Baby Carrot and Asparagus, picturelink: GdCth1kRm03JbnBNy7TGi9SKYE1ZW.i}, 48062: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Plancha or pancake griddle pan, 1 newspaper preferably Spanish, 6inch bamboo skewersnPlace the lamb pieces on the bamboo skewers 3 to 4 pieces per skewer and place in a large baking pan. Coat lamb skewers with marinade and cover. Refrigerate marinated skewers overnight.nHeat a plancha or griddle pan over high heat. Season the skewers with kosher salt. Sear each lamb skewers, about 1 minute per side. Serve on a large platter over the Piperrada.nMarinade:nCombine shallot, guindilla pepper, thyme, chives, rosemary, cumin, fennel seed, mustard seed, saffron, and paprika together in a medium bowl. Add the lemon juice and slowly add olive oil while whisking thoroughly.nHeat a plancha or pancake griddle pan over mediumhigh heat and carefully blacken the red peppers on all sides. Once sufficiently charred, remove, wrap in the newspaper and set aside to cool. When the peppers are cool enough to handle, carefully pull out the seeds and peel away the charred skin. Slice the peeled red pepper into thin strips and add to a medium bowl with garlic and whole thyme sprigs. Add olive oil, toss together, and marinate for at least 20 minutes, or up to 1 day ahead., ingredients: [1 pound lamb top round, cut into 1inch cubes substitution: lamb loin, Marinade, recipe follows, Kosher salt, for seasoning, Piperrada, recipe follows, 1 shallot, diced, 1 teaspoon dried guindilla pepper substitution: red pepper flakes, 13 cup chopped fresh thyme leaves, 13 cup chopped fresh chives, 13 cup chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon ground dried black cumin, 1 teaspoon ground dried fennel seed, 1 teaspoon ground dried mustard seed, 1 pinch saffron, 1 tablespoon smoked Spanish paprika, 12 cup lemon juice, 4 cups olive oil, 4 red bell peppers, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 springs fresh thyme, 2 cups extra virgin olive oil], title: Lamb Skewers a la Plancha with Piperrada, picturelink: UoEXfmLWJ4O.sYPbK47Wo21msp2MCG}, 48063: {instructions: Roast beets in 350degree oven until tender about 2 hours. Peel and cut into small pieces. Place beets in blender with orange juice and puree until smooth. Split vanilla beans, scrape, and add seeds to the cream and scald. Whisk together the egg yolks and sugar and then stir into the cream mixture. Stir over low heat until mixture begins to thicken enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in remaining ingredients. Let ice cream chill in cooler. Turn in an ice cream maker and serve., ingredients: [3 large beets, 1 cup orange juice, 12 eggs yolks, 34 cup sugar, 2 vanilla beans, 2 12 cups cream, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon cayenne], title: Spicy Beet Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 48064: {instructions: Prepare the sauce: Pulse the carrot and ginger in a food processor until finely chopped. Add the vinegar, sesame oil, soy sauce and sugar and process until smooth. Drizzle in 2 tablespoons water and combine season with salt and pepper. Transfer the sauce to a bowl and set aside.nPrepare the burgers: Chop the tuna into chunks. Wipe out the food processor and add the tuna pulse a few times to break up the pieces. In a bowl, mix 2 tablespoons olive oil, the soy sauce, lime juice, cilantro and ginger season with salt and pepper. Pour over the tuna and process until well blended. Form into 4 patties brush each lightly with the remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil.nPreheat a grill or grill pan. Once hot, add the burgers and cook for 2 minutes on each side for rare, or to desired doneness.nToss the sprouts in the carrotginger sauce. Place the burgers on buns and top with avocado and sprouts.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 small carrot, roughly chopped, 1 12inch piece ginger, peeled, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, Pinch of sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound sushigrade tuna, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, Juice of 12 lime, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup spicy sprouts, for garnish, 4 wholegrain hamburger buns, 12 avocado, sliced], title: Tuna Burgers with CarrotGinger Sauce, picturelink: Ltp54SMk0CudIiV2KVEfeWNge7WaC}, 48065: {instructions: Heat the milk and halfandhalf in a saucepan on medium heat to just below the simmering point. Remove the pan from the heat and add the semisweet and bittersweet chocolates. When the chocolates are melted, whisk in the cocoa powder, sugar, vanilla extract, and espresso, if using, and whisk vigorously. Reheat gently and pour into cups or mugs.nCrush 4 candy canes I place them in a plastic bag and break them up with a wooden rolling pin. Stir 12 tablespoon of crushed candy cane into each mug, top with a dollop of whipped cream, sprinkle with crushed candy canes, and put a whole candy cane stirrer into each mug. Serve hot.nPlace the cream, sugar, and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Whisk on mediumhigh speed only until the cream makes soft peaks.nYield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [2 12 cups whole milk, 2 cups halfandhalf, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons good cocoa powder, such as Pernigotti, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder optional, Candy canes, Sweetened Whipped Cream recipe follows, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Peppermint Hot Chocolate, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 48066: {instructions: Fill shaker with ice. Add Smirnoff Strawberry Flavored Vodka, Smirnoff Vanilla Flavored Vodka, and cranberry juice. Shake and strain into a martini glass., ingredients: [0.75 oz. Smirnoff Strawberry Flavored Vodka, 0.75 oz. Smirnoff Vanilla Flavored Vodka, 1 splashes cranberry juice], title: Cheesecake Martini, picturelink: null}, 48067: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Rinse chicken thoroughly inside and out. Pat dry. Sprinkle chicken inside with salt and pepper. Place tarragon sprigs in cavity. Rub butter all over outside of chicken. Place chicken in roasting pan. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour 12 cup water into roasting pan.nRoast chicken until thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 175 degrees and juices run clear when thigh is pierced, basting occasionally with juices from pan, about 1 hour. Transfer chicken to platter, cover with foil while making sauce.nTransfer pan juices to medium saucepan. Freeze until fat rises to the top, about 10 minutes. Spoon off fat, discard. Add vermouth to pan juices in saucepan. Boil until slightly reduced, about 3 minutes. Add cream and tarragon and boil until mixture thickens to sauce consistency, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Whisk egg yolks in a bowl. Temper the yolks with cream sauce. Return the yolk mixture to the rest of the sauce. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Serve with chicken., ingredients: [1 4 to 4 12 pound whole chicken, 4 large fresh tarragon sprigs, 2 tablespoons 14 stick butter, room temperature, 12 cup water, Salt and pepper, 12 cup dry vermouth or dry white wine, 34 cup whipping cream, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 3 egg yolks], title: Chicken with Tarragon Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48068: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 paper cupcake liners a 12cup cupcake pannFor the batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and move a rack to the middle of the oven. Place 12 paper liners in a cupcake pan.nCombine the coconut milk and apple cider vinegar in a small bowl, set aside to curdle.nSift together the sorghum flour, potato starch, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Stir in the coconut milk and apple cider mixture. Add the granulated sugar, orange juice, oil and vanilla extract. Whisk for 1 minute. The batter should become smooth and start to thicken up. Fill each cupcake liner twothirds full. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes.nCool the cupcakes until no longer warm to the touch, 30 minutes.nFor the frosting: Add the butter and shortening to large bowl and whisk together. Sift in the confectioners sugar. Pour in the orange juice, zest and vanilla extract, and whisk until smooth.nSpread the frosting about 3 tablespoons each onto the cooled cupcakes., ingredients: [12 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 cup sweet sorghum flour, 12 cup glutenfree potato starch, 14 cup glutenfree cornstarch, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup orange juice, 13 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup vegetable shortening, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon firmly packed orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: GlutenFree Orange Creamsicle Cupcakes, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 48069: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and apples and saute 3 to 4 minutes, until tender. Add shredded cabbage, wine, water, vinegar, sugar, cinnamon, salt, and pepper. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat, partially cover and simmer 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Add grated potato and simmer, uncovered, 30 minutes, until mixture thickens and potato is tender, stirring frequently., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 apples, cored and thinly sliced, such as Granny Smith type apples, Two 10ounce bags shredded red cabbage, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 cup water, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 small potato, peeled and grated], title: Dads Red Cabbage, picturelink: uYm06JathviLX8nl1voZSRE03HsUYtm}, 48070: {instructions: Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon salt carefully add the lasagna noodles. Return to a boil, reduce the heat to a low boil and cook for about 5 minutes, or until pasta is very al dente slightly undercooked. Drain in a colander, rinse slightly and drizzle with olive oil to prevent sticking.nIn a heavy, medium saucepan melt 4 tablespoons of the butter over low heat. Add the garlic and then the flour and stir to combine. Cook, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes. Increase the heat to medium and whisk in the halfandhalf little by little. Cook until thickened, about 4 to 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove from the heat add 2 cups of the grated Parmesan. Season with the salt, pepper and stir until cheese is melted and sauce is smooth. Cover and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl combine 14 cup Parmesan, Cheddar, and mozzarella. Toss to combine.nGrease a 3quart baking dish or casserole with 1 tablespoon of butter. Spread a ladle full of sauce on the bottom of the pan. Cover the sauce with a single layer of cooked lasagna noodles. Spread another ladle full of sauce on top of noodles. Sprinkle with 13 of the mozzarella cheese mixture. Top with 13 of the sliced pepperoni. Repeat with remaining ingredients for 2 more layers.nSprinkle 12 cup bread crumbs onto top of lasagna and top with remaining grated Parmesan, 14 cup. Bake, uncovered, for 40 to 45 minutes or until the lasagna is bubbly and hot and the top is golden brown. Remove from the oven and allow to sit for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound lasagna, Olive oil, 4 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 teaspoon garlic, minced, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups halfandhalf, 2 12 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano, or other goodquality Parmesan, 4 ounces grated Cheddar, 8 ounces grated mozzarella, 1 pound pepperoni, sliced thin, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs], title: Pepperoni, Macaroni and Cheese Lasagna Style, picturelink: YKYGatNXF8VICvrUJfbIgVY94QpUG72}, 48071: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 long bamboo skewersnHeat the oil in a deep fryer or Dutch oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the tail section from the lobster by grabbing and twisting off. Use a large chef knife to cut the lobster tail in half lengthwise. Use your thumbs to separate the lobster meat from the shell and cut each half into four equal chunks. Repeat for the remaining lobsters. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nDip the lobster chunks in the tempura batter and gently place in the oil. Cook for 3 minutes to 3 minutes 30 seconds. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and season with salt and pepper. Skewer 2 pieces of lobster on each bamboo skewer.nTake a head and the tail pieces of a lobster and deep fry them using caution since air bubbles will pop.nPlace the head at one end of a serving plate and the tail pieces at the other. Place the skewers in middle of the plate. Sprinkle with a squeeze of lime and serve with your favorite sauces., ingredients: [8 cups canola oil, 4 live Florida lobsters, 2 cups tempura batter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 limes, Dipping sauces, for serving], title: LKG Lobster Lollipops, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 48072: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRinse and pat dry the chicken. Salt and pepper liberally and allow to temper on a cutting board while you prepare the garlic. In a large ovenproof saute pan over medium heat, cook the whole garlic cloves in olive oil and butter, stirring occasionally, until lightly golden, about 10 minutes. Remove the garlic from the pan and set aside. Increase the heat to medium high and brown the chicken skinside down until the skin is golden and crispy, about 5 minutes. Turn the chicken over, sprinkle on herbes de Provence. Add the garlic back to the pan and place hot pan in oven. Bake the chicken until cooked through, about 25 minutes. Once the chicken is done, remove chicken thighs and garlic to a platter. Place the pan over mediumhigh heat and sprinkle the drippings with flour and stir to incorporate. Deglaze the pan with the stock and lemon juice. Pour the sauce over the chicken on the platter and serve with bread for saucemopping and garlicspreading., ingredients: [8 chicken thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head garlic, separated into whole cloves, papery skin removed about 20 cloves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence, 1 teaspoon flour, 14 cup chicken stock, 12 lemon, juiced, Bread, for serving], title: Roasted Garlic Clove Chicken, picturelink: G7bSiUcYje3xEpzM86jfB4VFfXAT6qm}, 48073: {instructions: Place a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the olive oil and rice, and cook until the rice smells toasty, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken stock and half of the orange zest and juice. Bring to a boil, stir once more, then cover and reduce the heat to low. Simmer until tender and the liquid has been absorbed, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, still covered, for 5 minutes. Stir the remaining orange zest and juice into the rice, and garnish with the green onions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup longgrain white rice, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 green onion, chopped], title: OrangeFlavored Rice, picturelink: DPfCZfDLDt4bdmZdU2u9N3ApwFlQtTO}, 48074: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper.nMelt the chocolate with the coconut oil in a bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Stir occasionally until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is combined.nPut the peppermint candies in a plastic bag and smash manually, or put in a food processor and pulse for a more even consistency.nDip a coffee spoon into the chocolate mixture and twirl so that the chocolate coats the spoon evenly. Place on the prepared baking sheet and sprinkle immediately with the peppermint candies. Repeat with 3 additional spoons. Allow to set in a refrigerator for 10 minutes., ingredients: [4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 1 tablespoon coconut oil, 14 cup peppermint candies], title: Chocolate and Peppermint Coffee Spoons, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 48075: {instructions: Add the sugar, 1 cup water and lemon zest to a medium saucepan over medium heat and stir until the sugar has dissolved. Stir in the remaining 1 12 cups cold water, the lemon juice and limoncello. Place in the fridge until chilled, about 2 hours. Add the cold lemon mixture to an ice cream maker and run as directed by the manufacturers instructions. You want it to look like soft serve. Remove to a plastic lidded container and place in the freezer until firm, about 3 hours., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, Juice of 6 lemons about 1 cup, 3 tablespoons limoncello], title: Lemon Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 48076: {instructions: Bring 2 inches water to a boil in a large skillet. Salt water once it comes to a boil. Blanch haricots verts in boiling water 2 minutes, drain and cool. Pat beans dry on paper towels.nDry skillet as well and return to heat. Heat pan over high flame and add oil to coat the bottom of pan. Add beans to hot oil and stir fry using tongs to move and toss the beans until they are charred and very hot, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle beans with sesame seeds and cook 30 seconds more, to both toast the seeds and distribute them. Pile fried beans onto a serving plate and sprinkle with salt, to your taste., ingredients: [1 14 pounds, 4 large handfuls, haricots verts  thin green beans, trimmed, 2 tablespoons light in color oil, such as vegetable oil or peanut oil, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, Salt], title: Haricots Frites, picturelink: Eq1dZ.ERtXyxXqeyiQrtwBVCUXCaY6}, 48077: {instructions: In a medium saucepan heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute gingerroot, stirring frequently, 2 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add water, coconut milk, bay leaf, salt, and Tabasco and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, 20 minutes, or until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed.nRemove pan from heat and sprinkle rice with scallions and coriander. Let rice stand 5 minutes and fluff with a fork. Discard bay leaf., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon julienne strips of fresh gingerroot, peeled, 1 12 cups longgrain rice, rinsed well in several changes of water and drained, 1 34 cups water, 13 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk, 1 small bay leaf, 12 teaspoon salt, Tabasco to taste, 2 scallions, minced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh coriander], title: Coconut Gingerroot Rice, picturelink: null}, 48078: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Preheat an outdoor grill or indoor grill pan.nScore the duck skin diagonally along the breast, then crisscross by scoring the same way in the opposite direction. Season the duck with salt and pepper, to taste. In a large, ovensafe skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. Put the duck breasts, skin side down first, into the pan and cook for 3 to 5 minutes on each side. Once they are browned on each side, transfer the skillet to the oven for 20 minutes.nIn the meantime, bring the pineapple juice and rum to a boil in a medium saucepan, over medium heat. Reduce the mixture by half, then add the pink peppercorns, if using.nGrill the pineapple slices on both sides. Remove from heat to a cutting board. Cut pineapple into quarters if being used as an hors doeuvre. As a dinner course, cut however you like. Transfer the pineapple to a serving bowl and sprinkle with paprika.nRemove the duck from the oven. Pour some of the rendered duck fat and oil into the reduced pineapple rum sauce. Stir to incorporate. Slice the duck, arrange on a serving platter and serve with the pineapple. If serving as an hors doeuvre, cut the duck into small pieces., ingredients: [5 duck breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups pineapple juice, 1 12 cups rum recommended: Barbancourt Haitian Rum, 2 tablespoons pink peppercorns, 1 fresh pineapple, skin removed, cored and sliced, Pinch paprika], title: Island Duck, picturelink: null}, 48079: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the vinegar, salt, rosemary, pepper, and olive oil to make a dressing. In a another small bowl toss the peppers with 2 tablespoons of the dressing. Toss the lettuce with 2 tablespoons of the dressing and season with salt and pepper to taste. Set the bread, cut side up on a cutting board and start building the sandwich. Drizzle dressing on the cut halves on the bread and layer the meat and cheese, on top, folding the sliced if necessary so they fit on the bread. Top with the peppers, tomato, and lettuce. Drizzle with any remaining dressing and top with the bread. Press down slightly and cut the sandwiches into 3 to 4 pieces each. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more to taste, 112 teaspoon finely chopped rosemary leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 roasted red bell pepper, peeled, seeded excess ribs removed, sliced into 14 inch strips, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 2 foot long loaves seeded semolina bread, about 8 ounces each, split, 4 ounces thinly sliced Genoa salami, 4 ounces thinly sliced mortadella, 4 ounces thinly sliced provolone cheese, 4 ounces thinly sliced soppresatta, 4 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto or coppa, 4 ounces fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 1 large vineripened tomato, thinly sliced], title: Hero Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 48080: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the chili powder, cumin, granulated garlic, cinnamon, salt and pepper in a small bowl and mix well. Sprinkle evenly over the chicken thighs and set aside.nIn a large Dutch oven enameled cast iron preferred over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. When hot, add the chicken thighs, not to crowd. Cook until nicely colored, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Repeat until all the chicken is golden brown. Remove to a plate to hold.nRemove all but 3 to 4 tablespoons of the fat from the pan and, over mediumhigh heat, add the onions, Poblano peppers and red bell peppers. Cook until the onions are just starting to caramelize, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 3 to 4 minutes more, stirring frequently.nAdd the beans to the pot and stir to combine. Add the tomatoes, Green Chile Sauce and the pumpkin and combine well. Season with salt and pepper, and then return the chicken to the pot with any accumulated juices. Nestle the chicken into the sauce, cover and bring to a simmer, adjusting the heat as needed. Simmer for 30 minutes. Taste for seasoning adjustments and serve with Green Chile Cilantro Rice with PepitasnIn a small Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. When hot, add the onions and jalapeno and saute until just starting to caramelize, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute more.nReduce the heat to medium, sprinkle the onion mixture with the flour and stir constantly until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Add the reserved liquid from the chiles, 1 cup water, the vinegar and salt and stir until the liquid is smooth and all the flour is dissolved.nAdd the chiles and pepper and simmer for 5 to 6 minutes. Puree in a blender, or with a stick blender, and add the lime juice. Adjust to taste for salt and pepper. Refrigerate for up to 1 week. Yield: 4 12 cupsnIn a small saucepan over medium heat, bring the chicken stock and the Green Chile Sauce to a simmer. Hold warm.nIn a large, enameled castiron Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. When hot, add the onions and serrano chiles and saute until the onion is just starting to color, 4 to 5 minutes.nAdd the rice and stir to coat, Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring constantly, to toast the rice a bit. Add the garlic, salt and pepper and stir to combine.nLadle in the chicken stock and green chile mix, about 1 cup at a time, stirring and allowing the rice to absorb the liquid. Do this 3 to 4 times, and then add the rest of the liquid. Stir, cover tightly and cook for 12 to 16 minutes, stirring twice during this time.nAdd the lime juice and cilantro and stir to combine. Place in serving bowl and garnish with the pepitas., ingredients: [12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 3 12 pounds chicken thighs, bone in, skin on about 6 thighs, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cups diced onion 12inch dice, 34 cup diced Poblano peppers 12inch dice, 12 cup diced red bell peppers 12inch dice, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 14.5ounce can black beans, rinsed, 1 14.5ounce can kidney beans, rinsed, 1 14.5ounce can chickpeas, rinsed, 1 14.5ounce roasted diced tomatoes, 1 cup Green Chile Sauce, recipe follows, 1 14.5ounce can pumpkin puree, 2 to 3 cups chicken stock, if needed, Green Chile Cilantro Rice with Pepitas, for serving, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 34 cup finely diced Spanish onion, 12 large jalapeno, seeded and minced, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 4 tablespoons flour, 1 27ounce can roasted green chiles, chopped, juices reserved, 12 cup white vinegar, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 13 cups chicken stock, 1 12 cups Green Chile Sauce, recipe above, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup smalldiced onions, 12 serrano chile, seeds removed and minced, 2 cups Arborio rice, or medium grain rice, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh squeezed lime juice, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup pepitas, toasted and lightly salted], title: Chicken and Green Chile Pumpkin Bean Stew, picturelink: JUQc7oqazWdQBjp4UhrPZAys33xdN9y}, 48081: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the almonds, olive oil, thyme and kosher salt on a sheet pan and toss them together. Roast the almonds for 10 to 15 minutes, turning them every 5 minutes with a metal spatula, until theyre lightly browned. Watch them carefully they go from underbaked to burnt very quickly.nSprinkle with fleur de sel, toss and set aside to cool. Serve warm or at room temperature. Store the cooled nuts in a sealed container at room temperature for a week or two.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 pound roasted, salted Marcona almonds, 2 teaspoons good olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fleur de sel], title: ThymeRoasted Marcona Almonds, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 48082: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, whisk together all of the ingredients except the broccoli slaw, cranberries, and almonds. Taste for seasoning and adjust according to your palate.nAdd the slaw, cranberries, and almonds and gently toss. Chill before serving.nGingerGarlic Paste:nThrow the garlic, ginger, and canola oil in a minifood processor and let it go until it forms a semismooth paste. There will still be tiny little pieces in there, but overall, it should resemble a paste.nSave what you dont use in a small glass jar it should last in the fridge for 2 to 3 weeks. Its a delicious addition to marinades, pasta sauces, stirfry sauces, slowcooker recipes, gravy etc. We always had a jar of this stuff in our fridge growing up., ingredients: [12 cup plain whole milk yogurt, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoons minced fresh dill, 1 tablespoon GarlicGinger Paste, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium shallot, minced, 2 10ounce bags broccoli slaw, 14 cup dried cranberries optional, can substitute pomegranate seeds, 12 cup skinless sliced almonds, toasted, 12 cup cloves garlic, 12 cup 12inch slices fresh ginger, 14 cup canola oil], title: Broccoli and Dill Raita Slaw, picturelink: gKpoxzRaCIPr8Ldg8TNDXw2hWxHbNvO}, 48083: {instructions: In a large saucepan of simmering water, blanch the basil leaves for 2 minutes, then drain and squeeze out as much water as possible. In a blender, combine the basil with 12 cup of the olive oil and blend for 1 to 2 minutes, scraping down the sides as necessary, until very smooth. Add the remaining oil, blend just to mix and pour into a large jar. Cover tightly and let sit overnight in the refrigerator. Strain the oil through a doublethickness of slightly dampened cheesecloth into a clean glass jar. Cover tightly and use as directed in th recipe or refrigerate for up to 2 days., ingredients: [8 ounces basil leaves about 6 to 8 cups, loosely packed, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil], title: Basil Oil, picturelink: null}, 48084: {instructions: Make the custard: In a saucepan, warm the milk, vanilla bean and seeds over low heat. Whisk the egg yolks and sugar in a bowl beat in the flour. Remove the vanilla bean and whisk the milk into the egg mixture. Pour back into the saucepan and whisk over medium heat until the cream is thick, about 8 minutes. Transfer the custard to a bowl lay plastic wrap on the surface and cool in the refrigerator for about 3 hours. Transfer to a large pastry bag fitted with a wide round tip.nPrepare the millefoglie: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the puff pastry into eighteen 3inch rounds using a cookie cutter or a paring knife. Place the rounds on parchment paperlined baking sheets, prick with a fork and bake until golden, 10 to 15 minutes. Set aside to cool leave the oven on.nMake the maraschino sauce: Combine the black cherries, pineapple juice and maraschino cherry juice in a small saucepan. Bring the liquid to a simmer over medium heat and cook until the cherries are softened, about 5 minutes. Carefully transfer the mixture to a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Strain the puree and set aside to cool. Store any extra sauce in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.nPrepare the pineapple: Dust the pineapple slices with confectioners sugar and place on a baking sheet. Bake until softened and lightly browned at the edges, about 30 minutes. Let cool.nMake the chantilly cream: Whip the cream, confectioners sugar and vanilla in a bowl with a mixer until fluffy and stiff peaks form. Chill.nTo assemble, place a pastry round on each of 6 serving plates. Pipe the custard over it and top with a slice of caramelized pineapple, followed by a pastry round and chantilly cream. Top with one more pastry round and drizzle with the sauce. Put a maraschino cherry on top.nPhotograph by Yunhee KimnFrom Food Network Star: The Official Insiders Guide to Americas Hottest Food Show By Ian Jackman. Copyright c 2011 By Food Network. By arrangement with William Morris CookbooksHarperCollins Publishers., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise, seeds scraped, 4 large egg yolks, 14 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 17.3ounce box puff pastry, thawed, 1 12ounce bag frozen black cherries, thawed, 1 cup pineapple juice, 14 cup maraschino cherry juice, from a jar of maraschino cherries, 6 slices fresh pineapple about 1 pound, from 1 small peeled and cored pineapple, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: Pineapple Millefoglie With Maraschino Cherry Sauce, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 48085: {instructions: Special equipment: a 9inch springform pannPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nFor the crust: In a large bowl, combine the graham cracker crumbs, butter and sugar. Press into a 9inch springform pan, pushing the crumbs up the sides. Put the pan in the freezer to chill.nFor the filling: Microwave the chocolate and butter in a microwavesafe bowl until melted, about 1 minute. Set aside.nBeat together the cream cheese, sugar and vanilla in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time until well combined. Mix in the cream. Transfer 2 to 3 cups of the batter to a smaller bowl and stir in the melted chocolate mixture. Pour the remaining batter into the chilled crust. Drizzle in the chocolate batter and swirl with a knife.nBake for 15 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F and bake until the outside is set and the very center just wobbles slightly, about another hour. Turn off the oven and let the cheesecake cool in the oven for 30 minutes. Serve at room temperature or chilled., ingredients: [1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 6 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup sugar, 2 squares unsweetened chocolate, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup light cream], title: Marble Cheesecake, picturelink: xRMW7I0hpRjYZlWgMKsEiSpxQ.11zW}, 48086: {instructions: Place 1 sheet of nori lengthwise on a bamboo mat, shinyside down. Position the sheet about 1inch from the side of the mat closest to you. Wet your hands in cool water and take a handful of sushi rice. Place the rice in the center of the nori and use your fingers to spread the rice evenly over it. Next place the roasted red peppers, olives, feta, and cucumber horizontally across the roll. Use the mat to roll up the sushi, pinching and squeezing the mat to shape it into a round cigar shape. Slice into 1inch thick rolls with a sharp knife. Turn rolls onto their sides so the rice is facing upwards, and serve with the pickled ginger, wasabi and soy sauce.n3 cups watern1 teaspoon saltn1 cup shortgrain sushi ricen14 cup rice wine vinegarnPlace the water and salt in a medium sized saucepan and cover it with a tightfitting lid. Bring the water to a boil. Add rice, return to a boil over medium heat, and then reduce heat to low and simmer. Once the water has evaporated from the rice, remove the pan from the heat. Stir in the rice vinegar and let cool before using., ingredients: [2 sheets nori, 4 ounces roasted red peppers, cut into thin strips if canned, drain before using, 8 to 10 kalamata olives, pitted and halved, 1 to 2 ounces crumbled feta cheese, 1 medium cucumber, peeled and sliced into thin strips, Pickled ginger, for serving, Wasabi, for serving, Soy sauce, for serving], title: Greek Roll, picturelink: null}, 48087: {instructions: 1. For the salsa verde: Heat a griddle, grill, or skillet over high heat and add the tomatillos, garlic, and jalapenos all at once. Eyeball them, but do about a minute or two on each side, turning with tongs, until everything is close to getting black but not black.n2. Put the charred vegetables in the blender with the avocado, water, and salt and blend until smooth. Add the cilantro and blend again.n3. For the steak: Combine the seasonings in a small bowl. Squeeze the limes over the meat evenly, using all their juices. Then rub the lime halves over the meat to get the pulp over it. Sprinkle the seasoning mix over both sides.n4. Heat a grill to mediumhigh. Grill the steak to your liking we like it mediumwell. Remove, let rest 5 minutes, and then slice it across the grain in angled strips. Using 2 tortillas per taco, pile in some meat, onion, and cilantro and top with salsa verde., ingredients: [6 tomatillos, husks removed, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 jalapeno chiles, 1 ripe avocado, pitted, peeled, and coarsely chopped, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 large bunch of cilantro, stems and leaves coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, Pinch of ground cinnamon, 8 limes, halved, 2 pounds skirt steak, 34 to 1 inch thick, 16 corn tortillas, heated in the skillet or microwave, Diced white onion, Chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Cemitas Puebla Steak Tacos with Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 48088: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nLine a 9by 13 by 2inch pan or your ovens broiler pan with a sheet of heavyduty aluminum foil large enough to fully wrap the roast. The shiny side of the foil should be up. Sprinkle the roast on all sides with salt and pepper and place it in the center of the foil. Spread the onion slices over the top of the roast and pour the vinegar around it. Bring the ends of the foil together and fold several times, and then fold the ends together to completely enclose the roast. Pour about 1 inch of water into the pan around the foilwrapped roast. Bake until the meat is fork tender and brown, 3 to 4 hours. Check the water level in the pan regularly during cooking and replenish it if necessary. If any juice seeps from the foil seals during roasting, save it to use in making the gravy.nWhen the roast is done, remove the package from the baking pan and let it cool for a few minutes. Open the package carefully to preserve all the juices and transfer the meat to a platter. Cover with a tent of foil to keep it warm while you make the gravy.nPour the roasting juices into a measuring cup and let the fat rise to the surface. Skim off the fat, reserving 4 tablespoons in a saucepan and discarding the rest. If the fat measures less than 4 tablespoons, add enough butter to make up the difference.nMeasure the remaining defatted pan juices and reserve. If you have less than 2 cups, add water to make 2 cups. Add the flour to the fat in the saucepan and stir with a wire whisk to make a roux. Cook over mediumlow heat until the flour is lightly browned, about 1 minute. Slowly whisk in the reserved pan juices and stir until thickened.nSlice the roast or cut it into chunks it will be very tender, and serve it with the gravy., ingredients: [One 5pound boneless chuck roast, Salt and black pepper, 1 large red onion, sliced, 14 cup cider vinegar, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Roast Beef with Gravy, picturelink: aoFOeFINAVAVZSWsdiYunmUyL5JPlS}, 48089: {instructions: Combine the heavy cream, sugar, and vanilla beans together in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Temper in the egg yolks and whip over medium heat until slightly thick. Remove from heat and strain through a chinois. Chill over iced water until cold. Freeze in an ice cream machine according to the manufactures instructions. Store in freezer until needed.nFor the Kona coffee ice cream: use the same recipe as the vanilla ice cream. Replace the vanilla bean with the Kona coffee and water infusion and freeze in ice cream machine. Freeze until ready to use.nFor the macadamia nut ice cream: replace the vanilla bean with the macadamia nut paste and diced macadamia nuts. Freeze in ice cream machine and freeze until ready to use.nVanilla bean caramel sauce: combine the sugar, lemon juice and vanilla bean in a saucepan. Caramelize over medium heat until golden brown. Slowly stir in the heavy cream and then the butter. Remove from heat and cool to room temperature.nFor the chocolate sauce: combine the heavy cream and milk in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and carefully add in the chocolate. Using a whip stir until completely smooth. Set aside and cool to room temperature.nTo make the berry sauce: combine the preserves and the water and mix well. Store in the refrigerator until ready to use.nHoney pahoehoe: line a half sheet pan with heavy duty parchment paper, then spray the entire pan with spray grease.nCombine the sugar, honey, corn syrup, and water together in a saucepan and caramelize until golden brown. Remove saucepan from heat and quickly stir in the baking soda. Pour the bubbling mass onto the greased pan and cool until firm. Store in airtight container.nCinnamon Caramelized Bananas: place the butter in a medium saute pan and turn the heat to medium. Slice the bananas in half lengthwise and then in half widthwise to create 4 long flat pieces. Repeat with the remaining bananas. Combine the sugar and cinnamon together. Saute the bananas until lightly browned, then sprinkle with the cinnamon sugar and cook for a few more seconds. Remove the bananas from the saute pan and place in the refrigerator.nRed Lava Sugar Cage: place the isomalt into a clean saucepan and melt completely. Remove the sugar from the heat and add a few drops of orange food coloring, then add a few drops of red food coloring until a rich red is achieved. Allow the sugar to cool slightly. Then, in a stainless steel bowl, sprayed with grease, gently create a meshlike effect in the bowl with the red sugar, by using a small spatula to drizzle the melted sugar in a crisscross pattern. Allow the sugar to cool completely, then gently remove the cage from the bowl and store in an airtight container. Repeat this process 3 or 4 times.nTo assemble, use 12inch soup plates. Place 1 scoop of each ice cream in the center of each plate. Lay 1 slice of banana in the space where each scoop of ice cream touches each other. Use 3 applebananas per plate. Place 2 small pieces of the Honey Pahoehoe in the center of the ice cream scoops. Place the red lava sugar cage over the entire banana split. Serve the sauces individually in small goosenecks.nUse same recipe as above for ice cream .nUse same recipe as above for ice cream ., ingredients: [1 quart heavy cream, 6 ounces sugar, 2 vanilla beans, 9 egg yolks, 1 cup ground Kona coffee, 2 cups hot water, 4 ounces macadamia nut paste, 4 ounces roasted diced macadamia nuts, 8 ounces sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, no pulp, 12 vanilla bean, 12 cup heavy cream, 12ounce butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups milk, 1 pound 5 ounces chocolate, 1 12 cups berry preserves, 14 cup warm water, 6 ounces sugar, 12ounce honey, 1ounce corn syrup, 1 14 ounces water, 12 tablespoon baking soda, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 halfripe bananas, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 pounds isomalt, 1 4ounce bottle red food coloring, 1 4ounce bottle orange food coloring], title: Local Style Banana Split, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 48090: {instructions: First, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F, for rib cooking.nNext, in a bowl, blend the parsley, garlic, oil, salt and pepper together well to incorporate.nTo prepare the beef, trim the fingers from the bottom of the beef and the tail of the rib, retaining the center rib section. Then evenly apply the rub to the entire rib.nTo cook the rib, begin cooking for 20 minutes, then reduce the heat to 225 degrees and finish for 1 12 hours for mediumrare to medium., ingredients: [12 cup parsley, minced, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons grapeseed or olive oil, 2 tablespoons sea salt or kosher, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 4 pounds prime rib, bone out], title: Prime Rib with Herb Rub, picturelink: null}, 48091: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFold all ingredients together in a mixing bowl and combine well. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [1 pint sour cream, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Horseradish Chive Sauce, picturelink: zdZB6nHOZ3ZgIrIm4x.FiEyu7yTP4y}, 48092: {instructions: For the seafood stock: Heat the oil in a stockpot over medium heat. Add the carrots, celery, fennel, garlic, leeks and onions and saute for about 5 minutes. Add the ketchup, rosemary, thyme, and the crab and lobster shells and stir. Add the peppercorns and 16 cups 4 liters water. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 2 hours. Strain the stock into a smaller saucepan. Simmer over medium heat until reduced by twothirds, about 45 minutes. Stir in the butter and season with salt and pepper.nFor the roasted leeks and mushrooms: Heat the oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the leeks and saute until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook until browned, about 5 minutes more. Add the roasted peppers along with any of their juices and a ladle of seafood stock. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nFor the rouille croutons: Soak 2 thick slices bread in the seafood stock. Squeeze out the liquid and add the bread to the food processor along with the garlic, chile and egg yolk. Buzz it up. Slowly add the olive oil while processing until a smooth paste forms. Add a little of the seafood stock if the rouille begins to split. Season with salt and pepper. Toast the remaining 4 to 6 slices bread one for each serving in a pan with olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Set aside.nFor the seafood stew: Return the seafood stock to a simmer and add the clams. Cook until they start to open, about 5 minutes. Add the mussels and cook until they open, another 2 minutes. Add the shrimp and lobster meat and simmer for 2 minutes. Before serving, add the peas to the leeksmushroom mixture to warm them up. Spread the rouille on the toasted bread. Divide the leekmushroom mixture among bowls, top with the crab meat, and then the seafood stew. Drizzle with olive oil. Garnish with a live scallop on the shell and sprinkle with chervil. Serve the rouille croutons on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons45ml olive oil, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 celery rib, chopped, 1 fennel bulb, chopped, 1 garlic bulb, halved horizontally, 1 leek, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons45ml ketchup, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, Shells of 4 crab legs reserve the meat for the stew, below, Shells of 2 lobsters reserve the meat for the stew, below, 1 tablespoon15ml peppercorns, 1 tablespoon15ml cold butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons30ml olive oil, 2 leeks, cut into chunks, 12 shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, 4 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled and sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup250ml frozen peas, 6 to 8 slices country bread, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 red chile pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 egg yolk, 1 cup250ml olive oil, plus more for the pan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound500g clams, 8 ounces 225g mussels, 8 ounces225g rock shrimp, Meat from 2 lobsters, Meat from 4 crab legs, Olive oil, for drizzling, 4 to 6 sea scallops on the shell, Fresh chervil], title: Seafood Stew with Garlic Rouille Croutons, picturelink: null}, 48093: {instructions: Special equipment: a large pastry bag fitted with a plain 13inch diameter round tip a small pastry bag fitted with the 1 or 2 plain tipnPosition the oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 225 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Fit a large pastry bag with a plain 13inch diameter round pastry tip.nCombine the egg whites, sugar and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer set over a pan of simmering water over medium heat. Whisk constantly until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture is too warm to comfortably hold your finger in it for more than a couple of seconds, about 1 12 minutes. The mixture should feel completely smooth when rubbed between your fingertips and an instantread thermometer inserted in the whites should read 140 degrees F. Attach the bowl to the mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Starting on low and gradually increasing to mediumhigh speed, whisk until stiff peaks form. Continue mixing until the mixture is fluffy, glossy and only slightly warm to the touch, about 4 minutes.nFill the prepared pastry bag with the meringue. On the lined baking sheet, pipe a 1 13inch dollop for the snowmans base, then pipe a smaller mound on top and then another smaller mound on top of that to form the base, torso and head of the snowman, lifting the tip at the end to leave a peak of meringue on the head this will be the snowmans hat. Pipe about forty snowmen in this manner, leaving at least 1 inch between them. Bake until the snowmen are dry enough to easily release from the parchment, 1 12 to 2 hours. Turn off the oven and let the snowmen sit inside it for another 3 hours or overnight to dry completely.nFit a small pastry bag with a 1 or 2 plain pastry tip. Place the chocolate chips and shortening in a microwavesafe bowl microwave, stirring every 20 seconds, until just melted. Dip the tips of the snowmens heads in the chocolate to form chocolate hats. Transfer the remaining chocolate to the pastry bag, and pipe faces and buttons on the snowmen., ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 1 cup granulated sugar, Pinch salt, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 12 teaspoon vegetable shortening], title: Meringue Snowmen, picturelink: null}, 48094: {instructions: Pound down the pork pieces on both sides until about 14inch thick using a meat mallet. Whisk together the soy sauce, white pepper, sugar, honey, if using, and 14 cup water in a nonreactive bowl. Add the pork pieces, turning to coat completely, and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nFill a heavybottomed pot or deep castiron skillet with 2 inches of oil and heat to 350 degrees F over mediumhigh heat. Shake the excess marinade from the pork pieces, and then carefully slip them into the oil and fry, turning occasionally, until light golden brown, about 5 minutes. Drain on a paper towellined plate briefly before serving with rice., ingredients: [Steamed rice, for serving, Two 6ounce pieces pork loin, about 1inch thick, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar, Honey, optional, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Railroad Pork Chop, picturelink: null}, 48095: {instructions: Char the bell peppers over an open flame or under a hot broiler until the skins are black and papery. Place in mixing bowl and cover to cool. Wipe the skins off with paper towels, and then seed the peppers. Cut into bitesize pieces and reserve for later use.nSprinkle the meat with salt and pepper and lightly dredge in flour. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Brown the meat in batches and remove to a plate, adding a little additional oil when necessary. When all of the meat is browned and set aside, add the garlic, onions and chile peppers to the pan. Season with salt and pepper and add in the paprika. Reduce the heat a bit and cook to soften the vegetables, 5 to 6 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the wine. Add the meat and roasted peppers to the pan and stir in the stock. Cover and simmer over low flame or roast in a preheated 325 degree F oven for about 1 hour.nStir in the potatoes and continue to cook until the meat and potatoes are tender, an additional 30 to 40 minutes.nCool and store for a makeahead meal. To serve, heat over medium heat, adding a little stock or water if the dish is too thick. Stir in the creme fraiche and serve in shallow bowls topped with parsley., ingredients: [3 large red bell or field peppers, 2 pounds pork shoulder butt, cut into 1 12inch cubes, Salt and pepper, 3 to 4 tablespoons flour, plus more for dredging, 3 to 4 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 large or 3 medium onions, 1 or 2 fresh red Hungarian, Holland or Fresno chile peppers, chopped, 3 tablespoons paprika or smoked sweet paprika, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 1 to 1 12 cups chicken stock, 12 small potatoes, cut into wedges, 12 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, Finely chopped fresh parsley andor dill, to garnish], title: Hungarian Pork One Pot, picturelink: null}, 48096: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl add all ingredients and mix well. Set aside for about 12 hour to allow the flavors to develop. Taste and adjust seasoning before serving.nFor the salad: Combine papaya, bean sprouts, cucumber, onion, and red chile in a large bowl. Pour over the dressing and mix well. Mound onto a platter, garnish with cilantro leaves, and surround with butter lettuce leaves., ingredients: [12 cup peanut oil, 14 cup fish sauce, such as nam pla or nuoc nam, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 lime, juiced, 2 teaspoons fresh ginger, minced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon red chili sauce, such as Srirachi Hot Chili Sauce, Kosher salt, 1 large green papaya, peeled and julienned, see note, 1 cup bean sprouts, 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded, and julienned, 1 red onion, sliced thin, 1 small red chile, sliced thin, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Butter lettuce leaves, for serving], title: Green Papaya Salad in Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: CZSqJW2kweuS3Eec7j0qyQQ48h3nvaO}, 48097: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a rapid boil and salt it well. Prepare an ice water bath. Add just enough beans to the water to maintain a boil. Blanch for 1 minute and add to ice bath. Do this in batches until you are done with all the beans. Drain the beans well and put in a serving dish.nCombine onion, mint, champagne vinegar, and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine and pour over the beans and toss again and serve., ingredients: [1 pound mixed beans, such as yellow wax, haricots verts, trimmed, 1 red onion, sliced paper thin, 2 tablespoons fresh mint, minced, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground white pepper to taste], title: Chino Farms Mixed Bean Salad with Mint Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 48098: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 8inch square baking pan with nostick cooking spray.nBEAT butter and brown sugar in medium bowl until smooth and fluffy. Beat in extract. Mix in flour, baking powder and oats until mixture is crumbly. Reserve 12cup for topping. Pat remaining crumbs into bottom of prepared pan.nSPOON preserves evenly over crumb crust in pan. Sprinkle with reserved crumb topping.nBAKE 30 to 40 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on wire rack. Cut into bars., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 12 cup butter, softened, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 tsp. almond or vanilla extract, 1 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 tsp. baking powder, 1 cup rolled oats, quick or old fashioned, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Cherry Preserves], title: Chewy Cherry Bars, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 48099: {instructions: Pour tomatoes into a 2 quart casserole, sprinkle with hot sauce. Mix next 9 ingredients and sprinkle over tomatoes. Add the onion, green pepper and celery, and the sliced sausages. Cover with lid or foil and bake for 1 hour in a preheated 350 degree oven. Great with creamy grits or rice., ingredients: [2 28ounce cans plum tomatoes, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon thyme, 12 teaspoon rosemary, 1 teaspoon oregano, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons paprika, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup chopped onion, 12 cup chopped green pepper, 12 cup sliced celery, 1 12 pounds beef sausage, sliced 34inch thick], title: Creole Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 48100: {instructions: For the marinade: Whisk the soy sauce, lime juice, honey, cumin, cayenne, garlic and some salt and pepper in a bowl. Place the steak in a large freezer bag or a baking dish and pour the marinade over it. Marinate the steak at least 30 minutes and up to 3 hours in the refrigerator.nFor the chimichurri: Whisk together the oil, red wine vinegar, lime juice, garlic, jalapeno and red onions. Add the herbs and toss to combine. Set aside until ready to build the sandwich.nHeat a grill pan to high heat.nRemove the meat from the marinade, let any excess drip from the meat so it is not overly wet. Grill the meat for 4 to 6 minutes each side for mediumrare. Transfer the meat to a cutting board, tent with foil and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes.nWhile the meat rests, toss the peppers and onions in a bowl with the oil and salt and pepper. Place onto the grill and cook until the vegetables are nice and charred, 6 to 8 minutes.nCut the pita pockets in half.nSlice the rested skirt steak into thin strips against the grain.nTo build the pocket: Lay a piece of Havarti cheese in the pita, add slices of skirt steak, some peppers and onions and pour in some chimichurri., ingredients: [12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup lime juice about 2 limes, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 to 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 to 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 pounds skirt steak, 12 to 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 limes, juiced, 2 small cloves garlic, grated, 1 jalapeno, seeds and ribs removed, minced, 1 small red onion, minced, 2 cups fresh cilantro with tender stems, chopped, 2 cups fresh flatleaf parsley with tender stems, chopped, 1 orange pepper, seeded and 14inch sliced, 1 yellow pepper, seeded and 14inch sliced, 1 Spanish onion, 14inch sliced root to tip, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 4 pita pockets, cut in half, 4 to 8 slices Havarti cheese], title: Skirt Steak Fajita Pita with Chimichurri, picturelink: 02RaoGv0msfjkL.vVNcIek4C0ow.mQ6}, 48101: {instructions: In a blender, combine onion, garlic, scallions and water. Puree for 2 minutes and slowly add the cilantro and epazote. Slowly add 13 cup olive oil. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup chopped onion, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 12 cup chopped scallions, 14 cup water, 2 cups cilantro, 2 cups fresh epazote, 13 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 48102: {instructions: For the Sweet Potato Filling: Process ingredients until blended. Taste for salt and sugar. Keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the BBQ Shrimp: Brown small amount of butter in skillet, add pepper, rosemary and shrimp add seasoning and garlic saute over high heat until shrimp are pink. Add Worcestershire, beer and stock bring to a boil and allow liquid to reduce. Finish sauce by emulsifying butter into it.nTo Serve: Fill the tart shells with the warm sweet potato mixture arrange shrimp on top and then pour the sauce over and around the pie. Garnish with a sprig of fresh rosemary., ingredients: [4 4 to 5 inch tart shells, cooked, 2 pounds sweet potatoes, roasted and peeled, 2 oranges, zested and juiced, 12 cup light brown sugar, Pinch ground cloves, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, Pinch salt, 4 to 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon finely chopped rosemary, 16 jumbo shrimp, peeled in center, head and tail intact, about 2 pounds, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup beer, 12 cup seafood stock, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Bbq Shrimp Pie, picturelink: null}, 48103: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, combine the oil, bacon, onion, bell pepper, celery, thyme leaves, a pinch of salt, and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until the bacon is crisped and the onion is tender and fragrant, about 10 minutes.nAdd the garlic and rice and toast the rice until it has a nutty, popcornlike scent, about 10 minutes more.nStir in the peas, tomatoes, tomato sauce, Worcestershire, habanero pepper, and 3 cups water. Bring the pot to a boil, and then reduce to a low simmer and cover. Cook until the rice absorbs the liquid, 35 to 40 minutes. Try to avoid lifting the lid until the 30minute mark, as the steam helps cook the rice.nServe warm., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 6 strips bacon, chopped, 1 cup chopped Vidalia or sweet onion, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 celery stalk, finely chopped, 5 or 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, grated on a rasp or finely minced, 2 cups rice, rinsed in a sieve until the water runs clear, One 15ounce can blackeyed peas, drained and rinsed, 4 Roma tomatoes, chopped, One 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 habanero pepper, pierced with the tip of a knife], title: Bahamian Peas and Rice, picturelink: lArXLJ2wihFcQ8Ift4KQJKg.LOuiJ.}, 48104: {instructions: Put all ingredients in a blender and blend until combined., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vodka, frozen, 2 cups vanilla ice cream, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch ground nutmeg, 1 tablespoon chocolate syrup], title: Shake Shots, picturelink: qzGpueWq28sLCZ7Lna.QElzNlXvCqG}, 48105: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 350F. Spray cookie sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Beat egg in small bowl. Add water and mustard mix well. In shallow dish, combine cheese, sesame seed and garlic powder mix well. 2. Unroll dough separate into 12 breadsticks. Dip each breadstick in egg mixture coat with cheese mixture. Twist each breadstick several times. Place 1 inch apart on sprayed cookie sheet. Firmly press down ends. 3. Bake at 350F. for 14 to 19 minutes or until golden brown. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 3 oz. 34 cup freshly grated Asiago cheese, 4 12 teaspoons sesame seed, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 11oz. can Pillsbury Refrigerated Breadsticks], title: Open Sesame PickUp Sticks, picturelink: null}, 48106: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Preheat the grill to high.nSplit lobsters butterfly from the top and remove intestines. Rinse head area in cold water to remove any waste matter.nIn a small bowl, combine 2 tablespoons olive oil, and all of the garlic and chopped herbs. Set aside.nBrush lobsters lightly with remaining oil and grill for approximately 5 minutes, meaty side down. Turn halfway through for grill marking and even cooking. Remove lobsters from grill, and place on a sheet pan, meaty side up. Coat with the herb and garlic mixture and season with salt and pepper. Place 2 pieces of butter on each lobster tail and put in the oven for approximately 10 minutes.nIn a small bowl, mix the clarified butter mixed with the lemon juice. Drizzle over lobster as a sauce. Garnish with lemon wedges., ingredients: [Four 1 12pound spiny lobsters, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh garlic, 4 ounces chopped fresh herbs of your choice we like to use Italian parsley, basil, thyme, tarragon and a bit of rosemary, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick 14pound butter, cut in 8 pieces, 1 cup clarified butter, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 8 lemon wedges], title: Herbgrilled Spiny Pacific Lobster, picturelink: 4FniDSHaG4CScBnzVCZayi8z.3WLGDG}, 48107: {instructions: 1.STIR peanut butter, honey and cinnamon in small bowl. Arrange apple rings on serving plates. Spread rings evenly with thin layer of peanut butter mixture.n2.LIGHTLY PRESS granola cereal into peanut butter mixture. Serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup Jifu00ae Natural Creamy Peanut Butter Spread, 4 teaspoons honey, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 large red delicious apple, cored and cut crosswise into 6 rings, 12 cup granola cereal with raisins], title: Peanut Butter Apple Rings, picturelink: null}, 48108: {instructions: Season the smoked monkfish with salt and freshly ground pepper. To plate, first place 1 cup of Tomato Compote in the center, then add the 2 smoked monkfish fillets, and pour the Black Olive Sauce around the plate. Garnish with a bay leaf and drizzled with olive oil, if desired.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and scallions and sweat for several minutes until the onion is translucent, stirring occasionally so the scallions dont burn. Meanwhile, blanch the tomatoes in a pot of boiling salted water for 15 to 20 seconds, just long enough so that you will be able to peel the skin. Drain the tomatoes, and peel their skins. Then chop with the garlic and thyme, until garlic and thyme are minced. Add the chopped tomatoes, garlic, and thyme to the saucepan. Stir to combine, adjust heat to a simmer, and let reduce until thick. Add a pinch of sugar, to taste.nIn a medium bowl, combine the chopped onion, garlic, shallot, and black olives. Over the bowl, rub the flowers of the thyme together with your hands to sprinkle the thyme dust into the bowl. Add the olive oil and sherry wine, and stir to combine. Transfer mixture to a small saucepan, and cook over medium heat until sauce has developed a smooth consistency. Add a pinch of salt, to taste., ingredients: [2 14ounce smoked monkfish fillets, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Tomato Compote, recipe follows, Black Olive Sauce, recipe follows, 1 bay leaf, for garnish, Olive oil, for drizzling, 12 cup olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 3 scallions, finely chopped, 1 pint cherry or grape tomatoes, 3 cloves garlic, 1 bunch fresh thyme leaves, Sugar, to taste, 1 onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 small shallot bulbs, finely chopped, 12 pound black olives, finely chopped, 4 to 5 stems fresh thyme with flowers, 1 cup virgin olive oil, 12 cup sherry wine, Salt], title: Monkfish with Olive Sauce and Tomato Compote, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 48109: {instructions: For the pesto: In a food processor, combine the garlic, basil, parsley, olive oil and pepper flakes. Puree until smooth.nFor the zuppa: In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil and saute the pancetta and onions for 5 minutes. Add the garlic and tomatoes, stir well and cook for 10 minutes. Add the broth, prosciutto and cheese rind and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the eggplant, pasta and mozzarella.nLadle into bowls, top with the pesto and serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Pinch red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup chopped pancetta, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 can San Marzano tomatoes, hand crushed, 8 cups chicken broth, 5 pieces prosciutto, chopped, 1 small Parmesan rind, 2 cups diced eggplant, 1 cup elbow macaroni, cooked, 1 cup diced fresh mozzarella], title: Eggplant Zuppa, picturelink: x5kTue7LCcNHucrkje9HoVzSaeagCmC}, 48110: {instructions: Whisk together coconut cream and juice. Stir in green onions, curry powder, green chile and salt. Serve over thinly sliced jicama, red onion and orange sections., ingredients: [1 cup coconut cream, canned, 23 cup lime juice, 13 cup scallions, thinly sliced, 2 12 teaspoons curry powder, 1 green chile, minced, 23 teaspoon salt], title: Spicy Coconut Dressing, picturelink: null}, 48111: {instructions: Whisk together the egg yolk, salt, mustard, and vinegar in a roomy bowl.nTo add the oil, start whisking the yolk mixture and let the oil fall from the spout, drop by drop, until you have achieved a thick, velvety mayonnaise.nTaste it.nAdd lemon juice, salt, and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 egg yolk, at room temperature, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon white wine tarragon vinegar, About 1 cup250 ml grapeseed oil or vegetable, canola, or peanut, Lemon juice, to taste, Pinch white pepper], title: Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 48112: {instructions: Preheat oven or toaster oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat oil and garlic in a small pot over medium low heat to infuse garlic flavor into oil. Pull the oil off the heat when garlic speaks by sizzling in oil.nBrush the breads with half of the garlic oil and reserve the remainder. Cut breads into tortillachipsize wedges. Sprinkle bread chips with Parmesan, poppy seeds and red pepper flakes. Bake breads to toast, about 5 minutes. Remove bread from oven and sprinkle bread chips with and parsley and salt. Pile chips on a platter and cover with cheddar cheese. Place platter under broiler and melt cheese.nIn a food processor, combine chick peas, lemon, cumin, cayenne and remaining garlic and oil. Season spread with salt, to your taste.nIn a bowl, combine cucumber, tomato, pepper, shallot, parsley, mint, lime juice, salt.nTo assemble, top naanchos with chick pea spread and a layer of cucumber salsa. Serve., ingredients: [12 cupextravirgin olive oil, eyeball the amount, 2 cloves garlic, cracked, 4 slices Tandoori Naan Bread or Mediterranean flat bread or large pita bread, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon poppy seeds, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 13 handful, A handful chopped parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 12 cups shredded sharp cheddar, 1 can chick peas, drained, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper or 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Salt, 13 seedless cucumber, skinned and chopped, 1 vine ripe red tomato, seeded and chopped, 12 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, from 5 or 6 sprigs, chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon coarse salt], title: Naanchos, picturelink: cnC1yU09c3Fo.qic9dTuDQrg6ojPl2e}, 48113: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCompletely melt the chocolate in a double boiler. Add the cream to a medium bowl and pour in the chocolate. Whisk the mixture very slowly creating a shiny, elastic emulsion.nIn a double boiler heat the egg white and sugar until all the graininess of the sugar has dissolved.nWhip the mixture until cooled and thickened into a shiny meringue, about 4 to 7 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 200 to 220 degrees F.nFill a pastry or resealable plastic bag with the meringue and pipe little stars or kisses onto a parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake until very dry, between 40 minutes to 1 12 hours. You do not want any color or browning on the kisses so keep the oven temperature low. Dip the kisses into the ganache and make ganache sandwiches. Set aside to dry for a few minutes. Serve immediately.nAlternately, you can pipe the meringue into long lines and bake in the oven at 200 to 220 degrees F until nice and dry, about 40 minutes to 1 12 hours. Then break into little sticks and use them as decorations on your favorite tartlets or cake., ingredients: [8 ounces good dark chocolate, chopped not below 60 percent cocoa, recommended: Valrhona, 8 ounces heavy cream, scalded, 1 part egg white, 1 12 parts sugar], title: Meringue, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 48114: {instructions: Preheat broiler on high. Season thighs generously with salt and pepper and cinnamon. Place, skin side down, on a baking or roasting rack set on a rimmed, foillined baking sheet. Broil for about 10 minutes. Turn and continue to broil until skin is deep golden brown and chicken is just cooked through, another 5 to 6 minutes. Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add tomato and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, for about 1 minute. Add baba ghanoush and apricots. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until mixture is hot throughout, about 3 to 4 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper stir in mint. Serve with chicken., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken thighs, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons Bertolli extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium tomatoes, cut into large dice, 2 7ounce containers Sabra Baba Ghanoush, 1 cup dried apricots, roughly chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh mint], title: Broiled Chicken Thighs with Baba Ghanoush, Apricots and Cinnamon, picturelink: null}, 48115: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 12capacity muffin pans with cupcake papers set aside.nIn a large bowl, use a hand held electric mixer to beat together cake mix, chocolate milk, oil, and eggs on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape sides of bowl with a rubber spatula and beat for 1 minute more on medium speed.nUse a ladle to fill each lined cupcake cup 23 full. Use oven mitts to place cupcakes in preheated oven and bake for 21 to 26 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cupcake comes out clean with no wet batter.nUse oven mitts to remove from oven and let cool completely before filling and frosting, about 30 minutes.nFor filling combine pudding mix, milk, and peanut butter in a bowl. Whisk for 2 minutes until smooth and thickened. Refrigerate for 30 minutes. Spoon filling into a pastry bag fitted with a medium plain tip. Fill cupcakes by inserting tip into tops of cupcakes and squeezing a couple of tablespoons of filling into each. Spread 2 tablespoons frosting on each cupcake top.nUsing red gel frosting, draw squiggly lines on the frosted cupcakes so that they look like veins. Place a plastic eyeball in the center of each cupcake., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box dark chocolate cake mix, 1 13 cups chocolate milk, 12 cup canola oil, 3 eggs, 1 3.4ounce box instant butterscotch pudding, 1 14 cups milk, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 1 12ounce container readytospread dark chocolate frosting recommended: Betty Crocker Creamy Deluxe, Red gel frosting, Plastic eyeballs], title: Bloodshot Peanut Butter Eyeballs, picturelink: 8zLPmi4I1qUeCs6i.4py7IDzjHpmBpe}, 48116: {instructions: In a stainless steel bowl, combine cream and buttermilk. Let sit overnight in a warm, dry place. Stir, then refrigerate.nBrokenwood Shiraz, 1997 and Hill of Content, Shiraz:, ingredients: [3 cups cream, 13 cup buttermilk], title: Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 48117: {instructions: Wrap the ginger in a layer of cheesecloth, gather, and tie into a little bag. Squeeze the ginger juice into a small dish you will have about 1 12 teaspoons of juice. In a medium bowl and using a whisk, whip the heavy cream until medium peaks form, then add the ginger juice. Refrigerate until ready to use.nRub together the vanilla bean seeds with 4 tablespoons sugar. Toss together the pineapple, mangoes, bananas, kiwi, gooseberries mint leaves, and vanilla sugar. Divide the fruit among 4 creme brulee dishes and gently press the fruit down. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon sugar atop each dish and caramelize the sugar with a blowtorch repeat the caramelization process with the remaining sugar. Spoon 1 tablespoon pomegranate juice around the fruit and serve immediately with the whipped cream and sables Bretons on the side., ingredients: [1 2inch piece gingerroot, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 34 cup sugar, 12 Hawaiian golden pineapple, peeled, cored, and cut into 12inchthick slices, 2 ripe Champagne mangoes, peeled, pitted, and cut into 14inchthick slices, 4 baby bananas, peeled and cut in 12, 2 kiwi, peeled and cut into 14inch thick slices, 1 box gooseberries, 2 sprigs mint, leaves only and chopped, 14 cup fresh pomegranate juice from 1 11ounce pomegranate, 12 sable Bretons], title: Tropical Fruit Brulee, picturelink: null}, 48118: {instructions: Rehydrate the anchos and chipotles in a bowl and cover with hot, boiling water. Soak the chiles until they are soft, about 20 minutes.nAdd the chiles, paprika, oregano, cinnamon and garlic to a food processor. Pour in the oil and process until smooth. If the puree is too thick, add a tablespoon or 2 of the chile soaking liquid to thin to desired consistency.nPlace the lamb in a roasting dish and sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Pour the puree on top, cover and marinate in the fridge for 3 to 4 hours.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Thaw the banana leaves if frozen by running them under warm water. Line a turkey roaster or braising dish with the banana leaves, slightly overlapping them on one another.nRemove the lamb from the marinade and place on the banana leaves. Wrap up the lamb with the banana leaves, tucking in the edges so it is completely covered. Add 1 12 cups water to the baking dish, then cover the entire pan with aluminum foil.nBake until the meat is tender and falling apart, 4 hours. Remove the foil and open the banana leaves. Shred the lamb with a fork and season with salt and lime juice. Serve with the warm flour tortillas, cilantro leaves, queso fresco, radishes and onions and pair with the Malbec., ingredients: [2 dried ancho chiles, 2 dried chipotle chiles, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 5 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 cup vegetable oil, 3 pounds tied boneless lamb shoulder, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 6 banana leaves, 2 limes, cut into wedges, 10 to 12 flour tortillas, warmed, 1 cup picked fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup crumbled queso fresco, 1 cup shaved radishes, 1 red onion, shaved paper thin, Malbec, for serving], title: Lamb Tacos Barbacoa Style, picturelink: SqZMjjgc.RFVqqRuy6wbodMYfeTNWKi}, 48119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLightly spray a 9 by13inch sheet tray or baking dish, the mini muffin tin and the pumpkin candy mold with nonstick cooking spray. Place a cherry in the center of each muffin cup. If using a lollipop mold, block off the stick portion of the mold using rolled fondant.nAdd the gelatin to a bowl. Whisk in 2 cups boiling water and mix until the gelatin is completely dissolved. Add the vodka, if you do not want to use vodka then substitute with 1 12 cups cool water brown sugar and pumpkin pie spice to the gelatin mixture and whisk until well to incorporate. Pour into the prepared muffin tins, candy mold and sheet tray and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.nUsing a lightly greased pumpkin shaped cookie cutter, cut out shapes from the sheet tray of gelatin. Using an offset spatula, remove the cut out gelatin and place on a serving tray. Using an offset spatula, carefully remove the gelatin from the muffin tin cups and place on a serving tray. Turn the candy mold upside down onto a clean surface and bend the mold to allow the gelatin to fall out. Place on a serving tray. Gelatin shots can be stored in the refrigerator until ready to serve. They can be made up to a week in advance and stored in a sealed container or cover with plastic wrap., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 12 maraschino cherries, Rolled fondant, optional, Six 3ounce boxes orange flavored gelatin, 1 12 cups vodka, optional, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, Special Equipment: One 12 count mini muffin tin 1 pumpkin shaped candy mold or lollipop mold pumpkin shaped cookie cutter], title: Pumpkin Jelly Shots, picturelink: V3PKx2vBwiIt3YEMFCMujB3FYeHk6vi}, 48120: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: an instantread thermometer and four 3by1inch ring moldsnIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar and salt to combine.nCombine the milk and 12 cup warm water about 100 degrees F in a bowl and sprinkle with the yeast. Once the yeast starts to bubble, after 3 to 5 minutes, pour the liquid into the dry ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon to combine. The batter will be thick. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let it rise in a warm place for 30 minutes. The mixture will rise slightly and some bubbles will form on top.nStir the baking soda and 14 cup warm water about 100 degrees F into the batter. Cover back up and let rest until doubled in size, another 30 minutes. Spoon the mixture into a large liquid measuring cup with a pouring spout for ease of pouring into the crumpet molds.nPut a castiron skillet over low to mediumlow heat and spray with the cooking spray. Spray four 3by1inch ring molds with the cooking spray and place in the hot skillet. Fill each ring half full with batter the batter should spread inside the rings if not, add another 14 cup water and stir well to thin it. Wait for bubbles to start to form, then top with some pecans and sprinkle with sugar. The bubbles will help keep the pecans and sugar from sinking to the bottom of the crumpets. Cook until golden on the bottom, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the rings, flip and cook another 1 to 2 minutes, just to cook the other side. Repeat with the remaining batter.nServe with apricot jam and butter., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon sugar, plus extra for sprinkling, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup milk, warmed to about 100 degrees F, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Coconut oil cooking spray, for spraying the skillet and molds, 12 cup pecans, chopped, Apricot jam, for serving, Unsalted butter, for serving], title: Butter Pecan Crumpets, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 48121: {instructions: The proportion of salt to water is very important. We use one rounded tablespoon of salt to every 40 fluid ounces 1.2 litres of water. Although the fish or piece of fish should be just covered with water, the aim is to use the minimum amount of water to preserve the maximum flavour, so therefore one should use a saucepan that will fit the fish exactly. An oval cast iron saucepan is usually perfect.nHalf fill the pan with measured salted water and bring to the boil. Put in the piece of fish, just covering with water, and bring back to the boil. Simmer gently for 20 minutes. Turn off the heat, allow the fish to sit in the water. Serve within 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile make the Irish Butter Sauce. Put the egg yolks into a heavy bottomed stainless steel saucepan on a very low heat. Add the cold water and whisk thoroughly. Add the butter bit by bit, whisking all the time. As soon as one piece melts, add the next. The mixture will gradually thicken, but if it shows signs of becoming too thick or scrambling slightly, remove from the heat immediately and add a little cold water if necessary. Do not leave the pan or stop whisking until the sauce is made. Finally add the lemon juice to taste. Pour into a bowl and keep warm over hot, but not boiling, water.nTo serve, lift the cooked salmon carefully from the poaching liquid. Peel off the skin gently. Garnish with sprigs of parsley or watercress. Serve with Irish Butter Sauce., ingredients: [2 12 pounds 1.12 kilograms center cut of fresh salmon, Water, Salt, 2 egg yolks, 1 dessertspoon cold water, 4 ounces 110 grams butter, diced, Approximately 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 14 ounce 8 grams butter, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Sprigs of watercress or flat parsley], title: Poached Salmon with Irish Butter Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48122: {instructions: Spread 2 teaspoons veggie cream cheese over entire surface of each tortilla. Use green spinach and red sundried tomato tortillas to add color. Top cream cheese with 14 cup lettuce. Place 2 slices of turkey on 12 on each tortilla. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon shredded carrots on top of the turkey slices.nRoll the tortillas starting at the edge where you placed the turkey.nUse a serrated knife to cut roll into 1inch slices. Arrange on a plate to serve., ingredients: [12 cup light garden vegetable cream cheese recommended: Philadelphia, 4 wrapsize flour tortillas, 2 cups lettuce mix, 1 8ounce package turkey breast slices, 12 cup shredded carrots], title: Turkey Pin Wheels, picturelink: 14lxTPGSRSasaxH2BSjG9TeWt8QuEa}, 48123: {instructions: Cook the brown rice according to the package instructions and keep warm.nBring a large, covered pot of water to a boil. Add the potatoes and simmer until they just become tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the beans and peppers and continue to cook until potatoes are tender and beans are crisptender, 3 to 4 minutes more. Drain and rinse in cold water, then shake dry.nWhisk together 2 tablespoons each of the oil and herbs, the lemon juice, mustard, olives, 14 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Add the cooked vegetables and toss together. Set aside.nPreheat the broiler, position an oven rack 4 to 6inches from the broiler and line a baking sheet with foil. Mix together the breadcrumbs, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the remaining 1 tablespoon of herbs and the paprika. Arrange the fish fillets on the prepared baking sheet and sprinkle all over with 12 teaspoon of salt and some black pepper. Broil the fish until it starts to turn opaque, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove, sprinkle with the breadcrumb mixture and continue to broil until flaky and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Be sure to keep an eye on the fish as the breadcrumbs can burn quickly.nDivide the fish, beanpotato salad and rice among four dinner plates. Serve with lemon wedges, berries and milk., ingredients: [2 cups frozen or dry brown rice, 12 pound small new potatoes, cut into 14inch rounds, 1 pound mixed beans yellow and green, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, cut into thin strips, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley andor basil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice about 1 lemon, plus wedges for serving, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 6 pitted kalamata olives, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons whole wheat breadcrumbs, 14 teaspoon paprika, Four 6 to 7ounce tilapia fillets, 2 cups fresh berries, for serving, Four 6ounce glasses reducedfat milk, for serving], title: Broiled Tilapia with Bean, Potato and Olive Salad, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 48124: {instructions: In a saucepan coated lightly with oil, sweat the onions and ginger until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the spices and season. Add the stock and bring to simmer. Add soy sauce and daikon and simmer gently for 15 to 20 minutes, reducing the mixture by 20 percent. Check for seasoning, and strain out the spices, keeping the broth. Place the daikon into the strained broth. Keep hot.nHeat a nonstick pan on high. Season the foie gras on both sides, and saute until brown, about 3 minutes a side. Drain on paper towels.nIn a large, heated pasta bowl, place 1 braised daikon piece. Cut out a very thin wedge, and squeeze in a small bundle of daikon sprouts. Top the daikon with the seared foie gras, ladle the broth around the daikon, and add 3 Edamame Dumplings. Garnish with edamames and tomato concasse.nWine Suggestion: Cotes de NuitsVillage, Clos de la Belle Marguerite, 1996nIn a pot of salted water, boil the edamames until soft, about 15 minutes. During the last 2 minutes, add the spinach, to wilt.nStrain well and add to a food processor. Puree until smooth. Add the butter and only pulse. You want small pieces of butter in the mousse.nFold in truffle oil and chives, and season. Place in refrigerator until chilled through.nTo make the dumplings, lay out 4 wonton skins at a time, and spoon about 12 tablespoon of mousse on each. Brush on egg wash on the edges and fold in half to form a triangle. Fold left tip of triangle underneath to attach to right tip like a tortellini. Repeat and make 24 dumplings total. Reserve in the refrigerator.nIn a large pot of boiling, lightly salted water, add dumplings and cook for 3 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Canola oil, to cook, 2 medium onions, roughly chopped, 2 slices ginger, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 star anise, 12 teaspoon toasted whole Szechwan peppercorns, 12 teaspoon toasted whole cloves, 1 teaspoon toasted whole fennel seeds, Salt and pepper, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 1 daikon, peeled and cut into 8 1inch disks, 8 thick slices goose or duck foie gras, scored, Fleur de sel and coarse cracked black pepper, 1 package daikon sprouts, Edamame Dumplings, recipe follows, 1 tomato, concasse with the skin on, Edamames, for garnish, 2 cups edamames may substitute English peas, reserve 14 cup, for garnish, 1 cup tightly packed spinach leaves, 14 cup cold, chopped butter, 12 tablespoon truffle oil, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Salt and black pepper, 1 package thin, square wonton skins, Egg wash 1 egg lightly beaten with 14 cup cold water], title: Seared Foie Gras with Edamame Dumplings, FiveSpice Broth and Braised Daikon, picturelink: null}, 48125: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the vodka, orange liqueur, cranberry juice, pomegranate juice, and lime juice in a large pitcher. Fill a cocktail shaker half full with ice, pour the cocktail mixture in, and shake for a full 30 seconds. Pour into martini glasses, garnish with a slice of lime, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups good vodka recommended: Grey Goose or Finlandia, 1 cup orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 1 cup cranberry juice cocktail, recommended: Ocean Spray, 12 cup bottled pomegranate juice recommended: Pom Wonderful, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice 4 limes, Thinly sliced limes, for garnish], title: Pomegranate Cosmopolitans, picturelink: VF3TKYGSgHJ0uFtudMgVSw90cWEnXm}, 48126: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a small saucepan, melt butter over a low heat until foamy. Add garlic and simmer 1 minute. Remove from heat and let steep for 1 minute. Add parsley and salt and stir to combine.nSlice bread lengthwise almost all the way though, leaving side uncut. Open the baguette like a book and evenly brush or spoon the butter mixture over the bread.nClose baguette and slice bread diagonally into 2inch pieces, leaving the bread still intact at the back of the loaf.nTransfer bread to a baking sheet. Bake bread until heated through and crisp on the outside, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 garlic cloves, very finely minced, 14 cup flatleaf parsley, coarsely chopped, 14 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 baguette, preferably sourdough], title: Garlic Bread, picturelink: null}, 48127: {instructions: In a medium bowl, add 2 cups cream and 6 tablespoons sugar and whisk, using a hand mixer, until soft peaks form, 3 to 4 minutes. Slowly add the cream cheese and beat until fully incorporated.nSpread 1 12 cups cream cheese mixture on the bottom of a springform pan and arrange a layer of graham crackers on top. Spread another 1 12 cups cream cheese mixture and one more layer of graham crackers. Spread the remaining cream cheese mixture on top, making sure you have a smooth top. Cover the pan with plastic wrap, making sure it touches the top layer, and freeze until firm, about 2 hours.nRemove from the freezer and place in the refrigerator for about 6 hours to defrost but still remain firm.nPlace the remaining graham crackers in a food processor and grind until you have fine crumbs. Using your hand mixer, whip the remaining 1 cup cream until stiff peaks form and add the cinnamon and the remaining 3 tablespoons sugar.nRemove the plastic wrap and the side of the pan and frost the cake all over with the cinnamon cream. Sprinkle the whole top of the cake with graham cracker crumbs. Serve cold.nWhat Really Makes This Recipe Sing: This is a wonderful cake to serve while entertaining in the summer. Your guests will be amazed at this. And to think, you didnt even have to turn your oven on.nBYOC: Melt your favorite farmers market berry preserve and serve as a sauce. If you cant fine chocolate graham crackers, try using chocolate wafers., ingredients: [3 cups chilled heavy cream, divided, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, divided, 1 cup softened cream cheese, 9 to 12 chocolate graham crackers, broken into squares, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon], title: Cinnamon and Cream Cheese Icebox Cake, picturelink: 1GSL4O8IoGjneztvmZgVwBtgLuISaXq}, 48128: {instructions: In a large bowl, place strawberries, blueberries, blackberries and raspberries, add orange juice, orange zest, lemon juice, lemon zest and optional Grand Marnier, sugar, cornstarch and cinnamon mix lightly. Let set for 5 minutes. Meanwhile make streusel topping. In a medium bowl combine butter, sugar and cinnamon, mix well with a fork. Add flour and mix until crumbly.nPlace berry mixture into a souffle dish. Top with streusel topping. Place in center of cooking grate. Cook 40 minutes or until brown and bubbly.nNote: may be made in individual souffle dishes, cooking time is 15 to 20 minutes. Serve with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 pint strawberries, halved, 1 pint blueberries, 1 pint blackberries, 1 pint raspberries, Juice of 1 orange, Zest of 1 orange, Juice of 1 lemon, Zest of 14 lemon, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, optional, 14 cup sugar, 5 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 cup butter, softened, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 cup flour], title: Four Berry Fruit Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 48129: {instructions: Blend chipotle peppers into a thick, moist paste. Mix the paste with adobo sauce, to taste. Stir in remaining ingredients until blended. Use in burritos and tacos., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chipotle peppers, Adobo sauce, 8 ounces sour cream, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise], title: Da Kine Diegos Chipotle Sour Cream, picturelink: null}, 48130: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients in a large salad bowl. Serve alone as a side salad or with tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 1 12 pound jicama, peeled and diced, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and diced, 12 small red onion, diced, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped mint leaves, Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jicama Salsa, picturelink: null}, 48131: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the leeks into a baking dish and pour the wine over them. Dot the leeks with butter and sprinkle with sel de mer. Place uncovered in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes, until they are fork tender. Remove from the braising liquid and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large leeks, trimmed and washed, 2 cups white wine, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into bits, 1 tablespoon sel de mer], title: Braised Leeks with Sel de Mer, picturelink: null}, 48132: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the wood ears in a small bowl and cover with boiling water. Let stand for 30 minutes to reconstitute. Drain and rinse the wood ears discard any hard clusters in the centers.nHeat the oil in a wok or large pot over mediumhigh flame. Add the ginger, chili paste, wood ears, bamboo shoots, and pork cook and stir for 1 minute to infuse the flavor. Combine the soy sauce, vinegar, salt, pepper, and sugar in a small bowl, pour it into the wok and toss everything together  it should smell really fragrant. Pour in the Chinese Chicken Stock, bring the soup to a boil, and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the tofu and cook for 3 minutes.nDissolve the cornstarch in the water and stir until smooth. Mix the slurry into the soup and continue to simmer until the soup thickens. Remove the soup from the heat and stir in 1 direction to get a current going, then stop stirring. Slowly pour in the beaten eggs in a steady stream and watch it spin around and feather in the broth it should be cooked almost immediately. Garnish the hot and sour soup with chopped green onions and cilantro before serving.nPut the chicken in a large stockpot and place over medium heat. Toss in the green onions, garlic, ginger, onion, and peppercorns. Pour about 3 quarts of cold water into the pot to cover the chicken by 1inch. Simmer gently for 1 hour, uncovered, skimming off the foam on the surface periodically.nCarefully remove the chicken from the pot and pass the stock through a strainer lined with cheesecloth to remove the solids and excess fat. Cool the chicken stock to room temperature before storing in the refrigerator, or chill it down over ice first.nYield: About 2 quarts, ingredients: [4 dried Chinese fungi about 1 ounce, such as wood ears or cloud ears, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 1 tablespoon red chile paste, such as sambal oelek, 12 cup canned bamboo shoots, sliced, 14 pound barbecued pork, shredded, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, Pinch sugar, 2 quarts Chinese Chicken Stock, recipe follows, 1 square firm tofu, drained and sliced in 14inch strips, 3 tablespoons cornstarch mixed with 14 cup water, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Chopped green onions and cilantro leaves, for garnish, 1 4pound whole chicken, 1 bunch green onions, halved, 4 garlic cloves, smashed, 3inch piece fresh ginger, whacked open with the flat side of a knife, 1 onion, halved, 1 teaspoon whole white peppercorns, About 3 quarts cold water], title: Hot and Sour Soup, picturelink: 3hdvLnm7dxUFhNtoHIT8IURMpskuOMa}, 48133: {instructions: For the sausage: Combine the pork, garlic, sage, thyme, onion powder, and oil in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Cover the sausage and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld. Cooks Note: The sausage can be prepared 8 hours in advance and refrigerated. Form the sausage mixture into 8 patties. Heat a large nonstick pan over high heat and cook the patties until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 5 minutes per side.nFor the black pepper buttermilk biscuits: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Using a dough cutter, combine the ingredients until they are incorporated. Cut in the butter using your fingers or a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk and gently mix until the mixture just begins to come together.nScrape the dough onto a lightlyfloured counter. Pat the dough into a 10 by 12inch rectangle about 34inch thick. Use a 2inch round biscuit cutter to cut out the biscuits. Press together the scraps of dough, and repeat the process. Place the biscuits on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper brush the tops with cream and sprinkle with the black pepper. Bake the biscuits for 12 to 15 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool on a baking rack. Yields: 10 to 12 biscuitsnFor the cream sauce: Put the milk in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Melt the butter in a second small saucepan over medium heat, whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute, do not allow the flour to color. Slowly whisk in the warm milk, increase the heat to high and continue whisking until the sauce begins to thicken and the raw taste of the flour has been cooked out, about 5 minutes season with the salt and pepper. Keep warm. Yield: 2 cupsnFor the eggs: Beat the eggs in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Melt the butter over low heat in a large nonstick skillet. Add the eggs and cook slowly, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until soft curds form.nSlice each biscuit in half and put a sausage patty on the bottom of each biscuit and place the other half on top. Serve 2 sausage biscuits per person. Serve with cream sauce and scrambled eggs., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped to a paste, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more to dust, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 cups cold buttermilk, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, not super fine and not coarse, somewhere in between, 2 cups whole milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 large eggs, lightly beaten, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Buttermilk Biscuits with Eggs and Sausage Gravy, picturelink: fZynxUTHxXsPej3jyidDmbP2HAoc.G}, 48134: {instructions: Pop the popcorn according to the package directions, and pour it onto a sheet pan. Drizzle with melted butter and sprinkle with Parmesan and chili powder. Add salt, to taste. Toss to combine. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 3ounce bag reduced fat kettle corn, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon chili powder, Salt], title: Sweet and Smoky Popcorn, picturelink: Jd49CHBjL71UFxl6b0v7RCQHS3HZ6}, 48135: {instructions: To make the dressing: Chop and smear the garlic with the anchovies and salt until you create a smooth paste. Add the paste to a small bowl. Add the vinegar, mustard, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, and lots of pepper. Mix well. Whisk in the olive oil gradually. Add the cheese and whisk again. Set the dressing aside for 1 hour or longer if overnight, refrigerate the dressing and bring it to room temperature about 1 hour before serving. Makes about 1 cup. You can put all of the ingredients into a jar, cover tightly with a lid and shake to blend. This is a great way to store the dressing.nTo make the crackers: Heat an 8inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. Sprinkle 6 tablespoons of the cheese into the pan so it forms a lacethin layer that fills the bottom of the skillet. The cheese will bubble in the pan. When the top side of the cheese has reached a pale gold color, after 3 to 4 minutes, remove the pan from the heat and allow the cheese to firm up for 1 minute. Carefully turn the cheese over with a spatula, return to heat, and cook until cheese is golden on both sides, about 1 more minute. Remove the cracker and drain it on paper towels to absorb any excess fat. Wipe the skillet clean with paper towels and repeat the process 5 more times with the remaining cheese.nIn a large bowl combine the endive, radicchio, and arugula. Drizzle enough dressing over the top to lightly coat the leaves you may not need all the dressing. Toss to coat the leaves evenly. Arrange the leaves on serving plates. Sprinkle a bit of Parmesan over each salad. Split each cracker into 2 or 3 pieces and garnish the salads with them. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 medium garlic cloves, 6 oilpacked anchovy fillets, minced, 14 teaspoon finely ground sea salt, preferably gray salt, 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 dash hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 12 teaspoon fresh coarsely ground black pepper, 12 cup pure olive oil, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 12 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 3 heads endive, cored and separated into whole leaves, 1 head radicchio, separated into whole leaves, 3 cups lightly packed arugula, stems removed, 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan], title: TriColore Salad with Frico Crackers and Caesar Vinaigrette, picturelink: n47jPbChXDE1V0yEGvUHJcRLUpF0Eu}, 48136: {instructions: Make the Beignets: combine all the ingredients in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and mix until smooth. Roll into 1 12inch balls the size of a walnut and set aside on a plate. Refrigerate until ready to cook. Just before serving, heat 2 to 3 inches of oil in a deep, heavy pot fitted with a deepfrying thermometer to 365 degrees F. Working in batches, to avoid crowding the pot, fry the balls until golden brown all over, moving them around in the oil to make sure they cook and brown evenly. Remove from the oil and drain on paper towels or a brown paper bag. Dust with powdered sugar and serve warm. Make sure to let the oil return to 365 degrees F between batches., ingredients: [1 cup cooked, mashed sweet potato, 12 cup fresh ricotta cheese, preferably sheeps milk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 egg white, 14 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Vegetable oil, for frying, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Ricotta Sweet Potato Beignets, picturelink: null}, 48137: {instructions: Cut green beans into 2inch pieces on an angle. Place in a skillet. Add water, salt, to taste and cook beans 5 minutes, then drain beans. Place the skillet back on stove and add vegetable oil. Heat pan over high heat until oil smokes. Add the beans and red peppers and stirfry 2 minutes. Add the soy and sesame oil and transfer to a serving dish. Garnish with sesame seeds and serve., ingredients: [34 pound green beans  look for trimmed, raw packaged beans in your produce department, Salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons tamari aged soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds], title: SesameSoy Green Beans and Peppers, picturelink: null}, 48138: {instructions: Peel the carrots and trim the tops. Melt butter in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add carrots to the skillet and saute until the carrots begin to brown slightly, about 8 minutes. Add apple juice and honey and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until carrots are tender and liquid is reduced to glaze, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 10 baby carrots, 23 cup unsweetened apple juice, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and pepper], title: Honey Apple Glazed Carrots, picturelink: null}, 48139: {instructions: Whisk together the lemon zest and juice, vinegar and some salt and pepper in a small bowl until the salt dissolves. Whisk in the honey, then slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified.nCombine the dandelion greens, fennel and onion in a large bowl. Drizzle some of the dressing around the sides of the bowl and then gently push and toss the greens to coat. Season with some salt and pepper and toss again gently. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 teaspoon grated plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 heaping tablespoon honey, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces wild dandelion greens, 1 small head fennel, thinly shaved, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced], title: Wild Dandelion Greens with Shaved Fennel and LemonHoney Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 48140: {instructions: Make the sourdough starter: Warm the milk in a small saucepan over low heat to about 110 degrees F. Transfer to a medium bowl, sprinkle with the yeast and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Whisk in the cider, brown sugar, butter and 1 cup flour until smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature overnight.nThe next morning, make the pancakes: Whisk 12 cup flour, the egg, baking soda and apple into the sourdough starter. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a castiron griddle or nonstick skillet over medium heat and swirl to coat. Pour about 14 cup batter onto the griddle for each pancake. Cook until the tops are bubbly and the edges set, about 3 minutes, then flip and cook until golden and cooked through, 1 to 2 more minutes. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter as needed. Drizzle with syrup and garnish with pecans, if desired.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast 12 packet, 12 cup apple cider, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, slightly beaten, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 small tart green apple such as, Granny Smith, unpeeled, diced, 1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Maple syrup or honey, for serving, Chopped pecans, for garnish optional], title: Green AppleSourdough Pancakes, picturelink: 24RWFnLFBv6fEp43ze2wnXgTH7ltRy}, 48141: {instructions: Mix all ingredients well and pour over ice to chill. Strain into a martini glass. Garnish with pink rim sugar and candy cane., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vodka recommended: Grey Goose, 12 ounce orangeflavored liquor recommended: Cointreau, Pink Passion fruit juice, to taste, Agave, to sweeten, optional, Pink sugar, for garnish, Candy cane, for garnish], title: Claras Gift, picturelink: null}, 48142: {instructions: Special equipment: A juicernPass the beets through a juicer according to the manufacturers directions. Pour the beet juice, gin, lemon juice and Simple Syrup into a shaker twothirds full of ice cubes. Shake well. Strain into a tall, chilled cocktail glass. Top off with the club soda and garnish with the lemon peel.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and heat over medium heat until the sugar is dissolved. Let cool. The syrup will keep for 2 weeks in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 pound golden beets, trimmed and peeled, 3 ounces gin, 14 cup fresh lemon juice plus 1 strip lemon peel, pith removed, 2 tablespoons Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 2 ounces club soda, 1 cup sugar], title: Golden Beet and Lemon Gin Fizz, picturelink: bhidZb.TFqB2ETYy2tHX3Z7mgtzT1q}, 48143: {instructions: Prepare the Chicken Filling. When cool, stir in cooked rice. Reserve. Prepare the Tomato Sauce. Set aside and keep warm.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWash the peppers under cold water. Wipe dry. Cut the top 1inch of the peppers off, keeping the stem intact. Reserve. Remove the core and seeds. Brush inside and outside with olive oil. Season inside with salt and pepper.nDivide the filling into 6 portions and fill each pepper to the top. Place the lids back on top. In a roasting pan, place the stuffed peppers and the hot Tomato Sauce. Bake in the oven for about 1 hour or until done. Serve in heated plates garnished with minced parsley.nCoarsely grind the chicken and transfer to a large bowl. Reserve.nIn a medium skillet, heat the olive oil over moderate heat. Saute the onion until translucent. Add mushrooms and continue to cook until all the liquid evaporates, stirring occasionally. Cool.nStir the onion and mushroom mixture into the ground chicken. Add the remaining ingredients and combine well. To test for taste, saute a small amount in a little oil and adjust seasoning.nReserve as stuffing for Green Peppers with Tomato Sauce.nYield: about 4 cupsnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Adventures in the Kitchen Random House, 1991nIn a medium saucepan, heat the olive oil. Over medium heat, saute the onions until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute longer. Add the tomato paste, tomatoes and cook for 3 minutes. Add the chicken stock and simmer for 20 minutes or until sauce thickens.nStrain into a clean saucepan. Whisk in butter, piece by piece. Add basil. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Use as needed.nYield: Makes 2 12 cupsnPlace the chicken bones in a 6 or 7quart pot, pour cold water over to cover, and bring to a rolling boil. Skim off the foam and fat that collects on the top.nAdd the remaining ingredients, lower the heat to a simmer, and simmer uncovered for 2 to 3 hours, skimming as necessary. Strain through a finemesh strainer into a clean bowl and cool. Refrigerate, covered, for up to 3 days, discarding the hardened layer of fat before using or freezing.nYield: Makes about 2 quartsnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Pizza, Pasta  More Random House, 2000, ingredients: [Chicken Filling, recipe follows, 2 cups cooked long grain rice, Tomato Sauce, heated, recipe follows, 6 green bell peppers, 14 cup olive oil, Salt, Pepper, Minced parsley, for garnish, 2 chicken legs, skinned and deboned, 14 cup olive oil, 1 cup about 14 pound diced onion, 12 pound mushrooms, chopped fine, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, minced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 pounds Roma tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 1 cup homemade Chicken Stock, recipe follows or storebought, heated, 3 ounces butter, cut into small pieces, 14 cup basil, chiffonade, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 to 6 pounds chicken bones, including necks and feet, coarsely chopped, 1 medium carrot, peeled, trimmed, and cut into 1inch slices, 1 medium onion, peeled, trimmed, and quartered, 1 small celery stalk, trimmed, and cut into 1inch slices, 1 small leek, cleaned, trimmed, and cut into 1inch slices, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 3 sprigs fresh parsley with stems, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon whole white peppercorns], title: Stuffed Green Peppers with Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48144: {instructions: First, pour both espresso shots into the bottom of a cup. Add chocolate sauce and mix well. Add steamed milk until cup is 34 full, holding back foam. Top off with whipped cream and garnish with chocolate shavings., ingredients: [2 1 14ounce shots espresso, 1 12 ounces chocolate sauce, 12 ounces milk, steamed to 150 degrees F, Fresh whipped cream, Chocolate shavings], title: Grande Appassionato Mocha, picturelink: null}, 48145: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nToss apple slices gently with sugar, flour, cinnamon and lemon juice. Spoon into unbaked pie shell. Top with crust, folding its edge under the top of the bottom crust. Crimp to seal. Bake at for 40 to 50 minutes, or until crust is golden brown.nMix flour and salt. Cut in shortening until mixture resembles small peas.nCombine remaining ingredients and stir into shortening and flour. Let stand a few minutes.nRoll out dough on floured board., ingredients: [6 cups apples, peeled and sliced, 12 to 34 cup sugar depending upon the flavor of the apples, 2 tablespoons flour, 34 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 9inch unbaked pie shell and top crust, recipe follows, 4 cups flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 cup lard or vegetable shortening, 1 egg, beaten, 5 tablespoons cold water, 1 tablespoon vinegar], title: Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 48146: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag a large star pastry tipnLine a baking sheet with parchment. Put the chocolate in a small microwavesafe bowl, and microwave in 30second increments, stirring after each, until smooth. Transfer the melted chocolate to a mug.nPut the walnuts in another small bowl. Peel the bananas, trim the ends and cut each into six 2inch pieces. Dip each piece halfway into the chocolate, and let any excess drip off. Roll the chocolatedipped ends in walnuts, then set them on the prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate to set the chocolate. The bananas can be refrigerated up to 2 hours.nWhip the cream in a small bowl until soft peaks form. Add the preserves, and stir to incorporate. Transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. Pipe a starshaped dollop on top of each banana. Garnish with a piece of cherry and sprinkles., ingredients: [4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 3 small bananas, 13 cup walnuts, finely chopped, 13 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons pineapple preserves, 12 maraschino cherries, halved, Multicolored tiny nonpareil sprinkles, for decorating], title: Tiny Banana Splits, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 48147: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a stand mixer, beat together the cream cheese, mayonnaise, buttermilk and dressing mix. Add the Cheddar cheese and continue beating until thoroughly blended. Wrap the mixture in plastic wrap and place it in the freezer for 30 minutes. When firm, shape the wrapped cheese mixture into a log. Spread the pecans out on a baking sheet or a piece of wax paper. Unwrap the cheese log and roll it in the nuts to coat it on all sides. Serve with crackers or bagel chips., ingredients: [12 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk, well shaken, One 1ounce package ranch dressing mix, such as Hidden Valley, 16 ounces Cheddar cheese, grated, room temperature, 1 cup pecans, roughly chopped, Crackers or bagel chips, for serving], title: Ranch Dressing Cheese Log, picturelink: 2KwZqRnK0C5Zhvl31RNJfPpMpSfvTq}, 48148: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the bourbon, brandy, maple syrup and bitters. Shake until chilled, then strain into two tall glasses filled with ice. Top each glass with 4 ounces of the cider. Serve., ingredients: [4 ounces best quality bourbon, 4 ounces apple brandy, such as Calvados, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, Few dashes apple bitters, such as Bar Keep, 8 ounces hard cider, cold], title: Apple Comfort, picturelink: JNgWam3C5qtOFOihmpZzk2wPlVXCxC}, 48149: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed pot, heat a 2count of olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions, celery, carrots, and garlic and cook for about 10 minutes, stirring, until the vegetables are very tender but not browned.nRaise the heat a bit. Take the ground veal and beef, break it up into chunks and add it to the pan. Cook, breaking up the clumps with a wooden spoon, until the meat is no longer pink. Add the wine and simmer until the wine has evaporated. Then add the tomatoes and stock and season with salt and pepper. Lower the heat and simmer very slowly for 2 to 2 12 hours, stirring now and then, until the sauce is very thick. Now add the milk  the milk will make the meat nice and tender  and simmer again until thickened, another 20 to 30 minutes. Taste again for salt and pepper. Mash the sauce against the side of the pan to really blend it. Transfer half of the sauce to containers and refrigerate for up to a week, or freeze for up to several months.nBring a big pot of lightly salted water to a boil for the spaghetti. When youre ready to serve, drop the spaghetti into the boiling water and cook until tender yet firm al dente, as they say in Italian 7 to 8 minutes. Drain and put the spaghetti into a big pasta bowl. Return the sauce remaining in the pot to a simmer and stir in the ricotta cheese. Pour the sauce over the drained spaghetti and give it a good toss. Garnish with a handful of grated Parmigiano, the basil, and a drizzle of olive oil. Pass more grated cheese at the table., ingredients: [Handful fresh basil leaves, torn into small pieces, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 4 celery stalks, finely chopped, 4 carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 8 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 pounds ground veal, 2 pounds ground beef, 2 cups dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 3 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, drained and crushed by hand, 2 quarts chicken stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups milk, 1 pound dried spaghetti, Large spoonful ricotta cheese, Handful freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for serving], title: Spaghetti Bolognese, picturelink: null}, 48150: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut away and discard the stem from the center of each kale leaf. Coarsely chop the kale into 1inch pieces. It will look like you have a lot of kale, but it will cook down considerably.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the tomatoes, thyme, garlic, shallots and red pepper flakes, if using. Saute until the tomatoes and shallots soften, about 4 minutes. Add the kale and sprinkle with the salt. Toss with 2 wooden spoons until the kale wilts but is still bright green, about 2 minutes. Stir in the basil. Remove from the heat.nFill a wide shallow pan with 2 to 3 inches of water and bring to a gentle simmer, barely a bubble really.nMeanwhile, using tongs, toast each tortilla directly over high heat until beginning to blacken in spots, about 15 seconds per side. Put the warm tortillas on plates. Spoon 1 tablespoon of hummus on each tortilla and spread to cover, leaving a 1inch border. Divide the kale mixture over the hummus.nAdd the lemon juice to the barely simmering water. With a wooden spoon, stir the water briskly to create a vortex in the middle of the pan. Crack an egg on the counter and break it directly into the center of the vortex. Stir the water gently again around the outside of the egg to help the white fold up around itself. Cook until the white is just set and the yolk is still very soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the egg from the water and dab on a towel to remove excess water before moving it to one of the wraps. Continue with the remaining eggs.nSlit the yolks and press on the eggs a bit so the yolks begin to run this will make them easier to eat. Fold up the bottom of each tortilla and then fold in the sides, leaving the wraps open at the top. Serve., ingredients: [6 small kale leaves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 14 cups grape tomatoes, halved, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large shallot, chopped, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, optional, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, Four 10inch whole wheat tortillas, 14 cup storebought plain hummus, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice from 12 small lemon, 4 large eggs, chilled], title: Egg and Kale Breakfast Wraps, picturelink: KAOXjSc3cYwSpr14QGxWqvUcP1XxNW}, 48151: {instructions: In a large bowl, add the peanut butter, butter and powdered sugar and beat with a whisk or electric beater until smooth. Using a teaspoon measure, scoop the mixture and form into balls, then press into a coin shape the diameter of a quarter. Refrigerate to set up dough cookies, about 30 minutes.nTo make bites, dip peanut butter coins in melted chocolate then toss in graham cracker crumbs until coated, double dip and double coat if you feel dangerous. Arrange the coated coins on a wire rack and refrigerate for about 30 more minutes to set. Add the marshmallow fluff to a pastry bag fitted with a star tip. Remove the coins from the refrigerator and squeeze about 1 teaspoon of marshmallow fluff into the center of half of the coins. If you dont have a pastry bag, use a plastic bag, fill it with fluff and cut 1 corner off and dollop that way. Then top each half with another coin to make a sandwich and place return to the refrigerator to set, about 1 hour.nOptions: chop coconut flakes and add them to the graham cracker crumbs to use for coating.nAdd puffed rice cereal into the peanut butter, butter and powdered sugar for a bit more texture and crunch., ingredients: [2 cups crunchy peanut butter, 1 12 sticks butter, 5 cups powdered sugar, 24 ounces 4 cups milk chocolate chips, melted, 2 cups graham cracker crumbs, 1 cup marshmallow fluff, 1 cup coconut flakes, optional, 2 12 cups puffed rice cereal, optional], title: Sunnys Crunchy Peanut Butter Smore Bites, picturelink: ADw0RaQ8ERnzhe.eJSA8oBofqrFJnVa}, 48152: {instructions: 1 In a large bowl, mix together margarita, orange marmalade and lime juice.n2 Add strawberries, oranges, pineapple, honeydew and cantaloupe. Stir to combine and refrigerate for several hours or overnight to allow the flavors to blend.n3 Add mint, toss and serve.nThis recipe should not be served to anyone under 21, or the legal drinking age., ingredients: [12 cup Jose Cuervo Authentic Margarita, 3 tablespoons orange marmalade, juice of 1 lime or 2 tsp approximately, 4 cups fresh strawberries, sliced, 4 oranges, peeled and sectioned, 1 small honeydew melon, rind and seeds removed, cut in small, 1 small cantaloupe melon, rind and seeds removed, cut in small, 1 small pineapple, peeled and rind removed, cut into small chunks, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, sliced thin], title: Margarita Fruit Salad, picturelink: 8RJzsK26xBaJVrgac6o2BoxZEfs9zmq}, 48153: {instructions: HEAT oven to 300 degrees F. Spray 24 muffin cups with nostick cooking spray or line with paper liners.nCOMBINE graham cracker crumbs, sugar and butter press equal portions into bottoms prepared muffin cups.nBEAT cream cheese in large bowl until fluffy. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk until smooth. Add eggs and vanilla mix well. Spoon equal amounts of mixture about 3 tablespoons into prepared cups.nBAKE 20 minutes or until cakes spring back when lightly touched. Cool. Chill. Garnish as desired.nIf using sprayed muffin cups, cool baked cheesecakes. Freeze 15 minutes remove from pans. Garnish as desired.nVARIATIONnCHOCOLATE MINI CHEESECAKES: FOLLOW recipe above, except melt 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips add to cream cheese mixture, mixing well. Spoon into prepared muffin cups. Bake 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 12 cups graham cracker or chocolate wafer crumbs, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup butter, softened, 3 8 oz. packages cream cheese, softened, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 3 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, GARNISH SUGGESTIONS:, Fresh fruits, candies, whipped toppings, chocolate curls], title: Eagle Brandandreg Mini Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 48154: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a punch bowl with ice. Add simple syrup to taste. Mix in lemon slices., ingredients: [1.5 cups Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, 2 bottles Moet  Chandon Champagne, 1.25 cups pomegranate juice, 1 cup simple syrup, 1 thinly sliced lemon], title: Smirnoff No. 21 and Champagne Sparkle, picturelink: uVdNPgqIAx8g1.T7Xf6fCtwXxFFnV.}, 48155: {instructions: Scoop ice cream and pour on the fluff, fudge sauce and nutsberries, if used., ingredients: [Chocolate Ice Cream, Marshmallow Fluff, Chocolate Fudge Sauce, Strawberries and assorted nuts optional], title: Chocolate Marshmallow Sundae, picturelink: null}, 48156: {instructions: Roast the pepper over gas flame or under broiler until blistered. Cool and peel, discarding seeds and stems.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F or a grill to high heat.nSprinkle pepper on the vegetables and roast in very hot oven or on grill until they start to brown. Cut into small pieces. Arrange 12 cheese slices on shallow ovenproof platter or casserole and arrange vegetables over cheese. Cover with remaining cheese and bake in very hot oven until bubbling. Serve at once with baguette slices or tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 large poblano pepper, Fresh ground black pepper, 1 cup coarsely chopped green onion scallions, 1 red onion, coarsely chopped, 2 small zucchini, sliced lengthwise, 1 small yellow squash, sliced lengthwise, 1 cup cherry or pear tomatoes, 8 ounces thin sliced garlic jack cheese, 8 ounces thin sliced Traditional jack or teleme cheese, Tortilla chips or thin, baked baguette slices], title: California Fondue, picturelink: null}, 48157: {instructions: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Coat the bottom of another smaller saute pan with olive oil. Sprinkle the fish with salt on both sides. When the large saute pan is screaming hot but not quite smoking, lay the fish fillets in the pan, skinside down. Do not crowd the pan, you may have to work in batches. After you put the fish in the pan, place the other small saute pan directly on top of the fish fillets. This applies gentle pressure to the fish and forces the skin to have contact with the pan and will create crispy skin. Cook the fish for 3 to 4 minutes and then remove the top pan. Shake the pan a little to unstick the fish. Use a fish spatula and flip the fish fillets and cook for 2 more minutes on the other side. Remove from the pan and serve or keep warm until the remaining fish is cooked.nIn a large mixing bowl, dress the greens and red onions with olive oil and grapefruit juice and season with salt. Toss in the olive slivers and grapefruit supremes.nDivide the salad among 4 serving plates and sprinkle with feta. Lean a fish fillet on each salad. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, Four 6ounce black bass fillets, Kosher salt, 5 to 6 cups bitter greens, such as arugula, dandelion, escarole, radicchio, endive or frisee, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 ruby red grapefruit, juiced, 14 cup pitted gaeta or kalamata olives, slivered, 2 ruby red grapefruits, supremed, 34 cup crumbled feta], title: Seared Black Bass with Bitter Greens, Grapefruit and Feta Salad, picturelink: YlQWM48RpEoJLBBb4A.KECyEQYKXq8y}, 48158: {instructions: Cook the sausage in a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat until its well browned, stirring often to separate meat. Pour off any fat.nAdd the mushrooms, celery, pepper, onion, thyme, marjoram and seasoning packet from the rice blend to the skillet and cook until the vegetables are tendercrisp.nStir the sausage mixture, stock, soup, rice blend and 12 cup cheese in a 3quart shallow baking dish. Cover the baking dish.nBake at 375 degrees F for 1 hour or until the sausage is cooked through and the rice is tender. Stir the sausage mixture before serving. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese.nTip: For an extraspecial touch, substitute 1 package 8 ounces baby portobello mushrooms, sliced, for the sliced mushrooms., ingredients: [2 stalks celery, coarsely chopped about 1 cup, 1 large red pepper, coarsely chopped about 1 cup, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped about 1 cup, 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crushed, 12 teaspoon dried marjoram leaves, crushed, 1 box 6 ounces seasoned longgrain and wild rice mix, 1 34 cups Swansonu00ae Chicken Stock, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Mushroom Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 1 pound bulk pork sausage, 1 package 8 ounces sliced mushrooms], title: Hearty Sausage and Rice Casserole, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 48159: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the apples: Place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Spray the grill pan with vegetable oil cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, toss together the apple slices and safflower oil. Grill until lightly charred, about 2 minutes on each side. In a small bowl, combine the cinnamon and ginger. Sprinkle the cinnamon mixture over the grilled apple slices.nFor the cream: In a 1quart saucepan, combine the maple syrup, cream and butter over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil and cook, until the mixture turns golden, about 4 minutes. Set the pan aside to cool slightly. Add the mascarpone cheese and whisk until the mixture is smooth.nDivide the apple slices among 4 small plates. Drizzle with the cream. Sprinkle with the chopped hazelnuts and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 4 Fuji or Pippin apples, cored and cut into 12inchthick slices, 3 tablespoons safflower oil, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 cup maple syrup, 14 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 13 cup chopped hazelnuts, toasted see Cooks Note], title: Grilled Apple Slices with CaramelMascarpone Cream Pacific Northwest, picturelink: mQGw90PCJYCIEVKxkwzPQEu84fh9uG}, 48160: {instructions: For the dipping sauce: Combine the soy sauce, gochugaru, rice vinegar, sesame seeds, ginger, scallions and garlic in a small bowl and set aside.nFor the pancakes: Heat 1 inch of water in a medium saucepan over high heat until boiling. Put the mussels or clams in the pan, cover tightly with a lid and cook until the shells are open and the meat is just cooked, about 5 minutes. Drain and let cool slightly. Pick the meat from the shells and set aside. Discard the shells.nAdd the allpurpose and rice flours, potato starch, sesame oil and egg to a large bowl. Add the ice water and whisk until well incorporated. The batter consistency should be loose, like heavy cream. Add the shrimp, squid, scallions, chile, shallot, garlic, chives, 34 teaspoon salt and the mussel or clam meat and mix well.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the canola oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 12 cup of the batter to the skillet and spread it evenly until it is in a single layer, using a spatula if necessary. Lower the heat to medium and cook until the sides are crisp and small bubbles form on top, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the pancake and cook the other side until brown and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the pancake twice more, once again on each side, and cook for 30 seconds per side to ensure the pancake becomes crispy. Repeat with the remaining pancake batter and canola oil.nTransfer the pancakes to a serving platter and cut into wedges. Serve with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [14 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon gochugaru Korean red chile flakes, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, 12 teaspoon minced ginger, 2 scallions, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 pound mussels or clams or a combination, scrubbed clean, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup rice flour, 2 tablespoons potato starch or cornstarch if not available, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 large egg, 1 cup ice water, 4 ounces peeled raw shrimp, chopped into 14inch pieces, 4 ounces raw squid bodies, sliced into 14inch rings, 6 scallions, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 red finger chile pepper or Fresno chile, thinly sliced, 1 medium shallot, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 bunch chives, cut into 1inch pieces about 14 cup, Kosher salt, 12 cup canola oil], title: Haemul Pajeon Korean Seafood Pancake, picturelink: t2lA69w6T6ZQSSdkx7pDLhe56IZIDu}, 48161: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBring a deep pot of water to a boil. Plunge the lobster into the boiling water, head first, and cook for 3 minutes. Remove from the water and place in an ice bath to stop the cooking. Carefully halve the lobster lengthwise. Score the claws with a sharp knife, then the knuckle, to expose the meat. Discard the innards, if desired. Lay the lobster on a sheet pan, with the meat facing up and season it with the oil, and salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Bake in the oven for 15 minutes or until the meat is cooked through.nPlace the Crab and Shrimp Pasta in 2 bowls. Top with 12 a lobster and serve.nPlace a large pot of water for the pasta over high heat and bring to a boil. While the water is heating, in a small saucepan sweat the onions, Cajun seasoning, garlic, and shallots in oil over low heat. Add the tomatoes and cook for 15 to 20 minutes over a very low heat.nWhile the tomatoes are cooking, boil your pasta until al dente. Drain and set aside. Strain the tomato mixture through a finemeshed sieve, making sure to get all the pulp possible, then transfer this to a saute pan. Over low heat, add the shrimp and crab. While stirring, add the butter in small pats until the sauce is a creamy texture. Add the oregano and basil, then check for seasoning. Do not let the sauce boil hard or it will break  keep it at a very low simmer. Add the pasta to the sauce and toss well., ingredients: [1 1 12pound Maine lobster, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crab and shrimp Pasta, recipe follows, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 pound fresh or canned tomatoes, 12 pound extrawide pasta noodles 12 to 1inch wide, 14 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 ounces fresh or pasteurized crabmeat, 5 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, leaves chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh basil, leaves chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Lobster, picturelink: null}, 48162: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker, mix tea, lime juice, simple syrup and rum. Fill ice tea glasses with ice, pour in the cocktail mixture and garnish with sugared limes., ingredients: [8 ounces green tea, freshly brewed and cooled, 1ounce lime juice, freshly squeezed, 1ounce simple syrup, infused with lime zest, 4 ounces gold rum, Ice, 2 lime wedges, dipped in sugar], title: Tea on the Green, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 48163: {instructions: The tofu should be drained of water, and then each block cut into 3 rectangles in the longest direction. Each rectangle can then be cut on the diagonal to form 2 triangles each. Place in a shallow pan. Mix together the lime leaves, kecap manis, soy sauce, garlic, lemon juice and lemongrass. Pour the marinade over the tofu and refrigerate for 6 to 8 hours, or overnight.nRemove the tofu from the marinade, reserving the marinade. Pat it dry so it doesnt splatter in the pan. Coat the bottom of a nonstick pan with oil over mediumhigh heat and saute until the tofu is golden brown on both sides and barely crispy around the edges, 2 to 3 minutes. The sugars in the marinade will affect the rate of browning, so if the tofu seems to be getting dark too fast, its ok to lower the heat to ensure that it will be hot all the way through.nRemove the tofu and add the reserved marinade. Boil to heat through. Adjust the seasoning with chili sauce, if using, and serve over rice and alongside your favorite vegetable., ingredients: [2 1pound boxes firm tofu, 10 kaffir lime leaves, minced, 34 cup kecap manis see Cooks Note, 34 cup soy sauce, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 34 freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup minced fresh lemongrass, Vegetable, canola or grapeseed oil, Chili sauce, for serving, optional, Rice and your favorite vegetable, for serving], title: Lemongrass Tofu, picturelink: w.XvF7aZjxWUklqPnclotLozPJdlkQK}, 48164: {instructions: Mix bay, cider, sugar, grill seasoning and vegetable oil in the bottom of a large food storage bag, squish it all together until evenly combined. Drop the meat into the bag and move it around to evenly coat it. Let stand 10 to 12 minutes. Preheat a grill pan or indooroutdoor grill to high.nThinly slice 1 12 onions and reserve 12 onion whole but peeled. Heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons butter and melt it. Add the sliced onions to the pan. Peel, core and slice the apple and add it to the onions. Season the apples and onions with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Cook the apples and onions 5 or 6 minutes, then add cooked red cabbage and combine then reduce heat to low. Set aside and keep warm.nPlace meat on grill and let a bay leaf remain stuck on each steak. As the meat cooks, the heat will infuse the flavor throughout the meat. Cook steaks about 6 minutes on each side. Then, let meat rest. Discard leaves.nWhile meat cooks, place potatoes in a pot and cover with water, bring water to a boil then salt it. Cook potatoes 10 to 12 minutes or until tender. Drain potatoes and return to the hot pot. Mash them with sour cream, horseradish and chives and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Potatoes will be thick and spicy. If you like looser mashed potatoes, add a little milk or stock, continue to smash.nWhile potatoes cook, remove the red cabbage to a serving bowl and cover with foil. In the same skillet that the cabbage was cooked in, add 2 tablespoons butter. Melt butter then grate the reserved 12 onion with a hand held grater into the butter. Cook the grated onions 2 minutes then add flour and cook a minute more. Whisk in red wine and cook off a minute then whisk in stock and bring to a simmer. Stir in mustard and gingersnaps and season the sauce with salt and pepper. Let sauce thicken a couple of minutes.nThinly slice the flank steak on an angle against the grain. Place a mound of potatoes on each dinner plate. Lay out some sliced flank steak along the edge of potatoes and dress with a ladle of sauersauce. Serve red cabbage, apples and onions alongside or in small side dishes., ingredients: [2 dried bay leaves, 13 cup cider vinegar, eyeball it, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, eyeball it, 2 14 to 2 12 pounds flank steak, 2 medium onions, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 large green apple, Salt and pepper, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, freshly grated or ground, eyeball it, 3 pounds red skin potatoes, quartered, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 3 tablespoons chives, chopped or snipped, 1 18 ounce jar cooked red cabbage, available on specialty foods aisle, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 12 cups beef stock, about 13 of a 1 quart box, 1 rounded tablespoon Dijon mustard, 6 gingersnaps, finely crumbled], title: Mockbraten Flank Steak with Sauerbraten Style Sauce, Smashed Potatoes with Horseradish and Chives, Red Cabbage with Apple and Onions, picturelink: null}, 48165: {instructions: Cut ends off onions, leaving stem and core intact. Quarter onions through core and peel away skin.nPlace onions in a large resealable bag with balsamic dressing, tarragon, and garlic. Squeeze out air and seal bag. Marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 4 hours, turning occasionally.nRemove onions from refrigerator 30 minutes before roasting and bring to room temperature.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking pan with olive oil cooking spray.nPlace onions cut side up in prepared baking pan and pour marinade over top. Season with freshly ground black pepper.nRoast in preheated oven for 25 minutes or until fork tender. If onions begin to brown too quickly, cover loosely with foil., ingredients: [3 sweet onions, 1 cup light balsamic salad dressing recommended: Newmans Own, 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon leaves, lightly chopped, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic recommended: Christopher Ranch, Olive oil cooking spray, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Balsamic Roasted Onions, picturelink: kIhyqc6zHr9pwpyKCIanHhxcGuRUt1K}, 48166: {instructions: Mix the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar in a bowl. Then, stir in eggs, oil, and milk until mixed. Do not beat the mixture.nPour 2 to 6 ounce ladles of batter on a lightly oiled griddle. Then, add 1 ounce of huckleberries to each pancake. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side.nPlace the pancakes on a large plate. Then garnish with huckleberries, whipped butter, and hot maple syrup., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 cup milk, 4 ounces huckleberries, fresh or frozen, plus extra, for serving, Whipped butter and maple syrup, as an accompaniment], title: Huckleberry Pancakes, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 48167: {instructions: Combine the arugula, fennel and tomatoes in a large bowl season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with the olive oil and lemon juice and toss to coat.nTop the salad with the salami and Parmesan.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [4 cups baby arugula, 1 fennel bulb, quartered, cored and thinly sliced, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 ounces salami, thinly sliced, Shredded Parmesan cheese, for topping], title: Salami Salad, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 48168: {instructions: Heat a pan and add paprika, cook 1 minute. Remove and set aside. In small saucepan over high heat, reduce orange juice to a syrup. Place paprika, reduced orange juice, vinegar and mustard in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat grill. Brush fish with olive oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the fish for 10 to 12 minutes total. Remove and serve each person 1 whole fish drizzled with vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 tablespoon paprika, toasted, 2 cups fresh orange juice, reduced to 14 cup, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Olive oil, Four 1 pound whole striped bass], title: Grilled Whole Bass with Toasted Paprika Orange Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 48169: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpread the jelly and salted peanuts on separate plates. Roll the martini glass rims first in jelly, then press them in the peanuts. Set aside.nPut the peanut butter, chocolate liqueur, vodka and ice into a blender. Blitz until combined. Pour into the prepared martini glasses and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons jelly or jam, preferably strawberry, 14 cup finely chopped salted peanuts, finely chopped, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 4 ounces chocolate liqueur, 3 ounces vodka, 3 cups ice], title: PB and J Choctini, picturelink: 7z7Kb4ypBac2TKdoEGcR6rw3VGl4RO6}, 48170: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 singleserving clay pots or souffle dishesnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease 4 singleserving clay pots or souffle dishes.nIn a pan set over mediumlow heat, add the butter and oil. Add in the onions, green peppers and garlic and saute until the onions are transparent. Add the crawfish, seafood seasoning and red pepper, and cook 2 minutes stirring frequently. Add the cream cheese and stir until melted, then add the halfandhalf. Add half of the asiago and stir.nCut the puff pastry to fit the shape of the serving dishes, and then set aside.nDivide the mixture into the prepared dishes. Sprinkle with remaining asiago, then place the puff pastry on top. Brush the egg wash over the pastry, then bake until the tops are golden, 15 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, plus more for greasing, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup minced yellow onion, 12 cup chopped green bell pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound fresh crawfish tail meat, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup halfandhalf, plus more if needed, 1 cup shredded asiago cheese, One 17.3ounce package puff pastry, 2 eggs, beaten, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Kardeas Crawfish Pie, picturelink: SemSq1U8.Bube.ZlJnxkpJgYsH7XmVy}, 48171: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease 2 cookie sheets and set aside.nMelt chocolate in a double boiler set over barely simmering water or in the microwave at 50 percent power. Allow to cool to room temperature.nIn a mixer, beat the butter and sugar until smooth, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each egg is added. Beat in the vanilla and the espresso. Gradually add the flour, beating well after each addition until just combined and scraping down the sides of the bowl, as necessary. Add baking soda and salt. Mix in the melted chocolate and then the nuts. Drop the batter by 2 tablespoons onto the greased cookie sheets, leaving 2 inches between each cookie. Bake until soft and lightly crisped around the edges, about 12 minutes, rotating pans halfway through cooking. Cool on wire racks., ingredients: [3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 13 cups packed dark brown sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 1 12 cups wholewheat flour, sifted, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup macadamia nuts, coarsely chopped], title: CoffeeChocolate Macadamia Cookies, picturelink: null}, 48172: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss together the potatoes, garlic, onion, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, olive oil, butter, seasoned salt, cayenne pepper and some kosher salt and pepper.nBake for 20 to 25 minutes, shaking the pan twice.nRaise the heat to 500 degrees and bake until crisp and brown, 10 to 15 minutes.nSprinkle with a little more salt and pepper before serving., ingredients: [5 pounds red potatoes, roughly choppeddiced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 14 cup olive oil, 12 stick butter, melted, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Best Breakfast Potatoes Ever, picturelink: D9vWzCvTY0ihUnoD8Ld1UuD7GvljRBO}, 48173: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 150 degrees F.nTo make the vegetable flakes, set a mandoline over a large bowl. Slice 1 fennel bulb paperthin, then slice 1 onion, 12 of the celery root, and 1 of the apples to the same thickness. Switch to a vegetable peeler, and working over the same bowl, peel 1 carrot into thin ribbons. Mix the vegetables and spread them evenly on a baking sheet. Place the sheet in the oven to dry the vegetables until completely brittle, about 2 12 hours. If you have an oven with a convection function, this will shorten the drying time to 1 hour.nTransfer the vegetables to the work bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade and pulse until reduced to flakes. Store, covered, at room temperature. This can be done 1 day ahead.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo prepare the birds, halve the remaining fennel, onion, carrot, and celery root, then cut them again into several small wedges. Place them in a large baking dish along with the potatoes and garlic. Generously season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with 3 tablespoons of the olive oil and mix to coat.nSeason the guinea fowl with salt and pepper inside and out. Stuff the cavities with whole sprigs of thyme. Rub them all over with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Place the birds on the bed of vegetables. Roast, uncovered, for 45 minutes, basting occasionally with pan juices.nCut the remaining apple into several wedges and add it to the roasting pan. Continue roasting and basting until the skin on the birds turns golden brown, another 20 minutes. Remove the birds from the oven, sprinkle them generously with dried vegetable flakes, then continue to roast until the juices run clear, another 10 minutes. Transfer the birds and roasted vegetables to a serving platter. Cover loosely with foil and let rest while preparing the sauce.nTo make the pan sauce, pour the pan juices into a small saucepan. Skim and discard as much fat off the top as possible. Over mediumlow heat, deglaze the roasting pan with the cider and simmer for 5 minutes, scraping the bottom of the roasting pan to loosen the browned bits. Add the hot cider from the roasting pan to the pan juices, and over high heat, reduce the liquid by half. Stir in the butter, season with salt and pepper, and pour it into a sauce boat. Sprinkle the birds and the vegetables with persillade. Carve the guinea fowl at the table and serve with the cider sauce., ingredients: [2 small bulbs fennel, 2 small onions, 1 large celery root, peeled, 2 tart apples, such as Granny Smith, peeled and cored, 2 small carrots, peeled, 12 small red or fingerling potatoes, halved, 1 large bulb garlic, separated into unpeeled cloves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 guinea fowl 2 pounds each, 1 bunch thyme or winter savory, 1 cup fresh apple cider, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons Persillade], title: Roasted Guinea Fowl with Chapelure de Legumes and Apple Cider Sauce, picturelink: r6oa2ljtyeZWCvUAav.6EbvihiXNPDq}, 48174: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the milk, sugar, vanilla bean and seeds in a large, 4quart saucepan and place over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Once the sugar has dissolved, add the baking soda and stir to combine. Reduce the heat to low and cook uncovered at a bare simmer. Stir occasionally, but do not reincorporate the foam that appears on the top of the mixture. Continue to cook for 1 hour. Remove the vanilla bean after 1 hour and continue to cook until the mixture is a dark caramel color and has reduced to about 1 cup, approximately 1 12 to 2 hours. Strain the mixture through a fine mesh strainer. Store in the refrigerator in a sealed container for up to a month., ingredients: [1 quart whole milk, 12 ounces sugar, approximately 1 12 cups, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 12 teaspoon baking soda], title: Dulce de Leche, picturelink: gKHvyYPCDJGmV65pf4CECkSVUCUzp2}, 48175: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, shake the pan to distribute them evenly in the pan, and then cook without moving until the mushrooms begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Do not salt. Add the remaining tablespoon butter along the sides of the pan if the pan seems very dry. Toss the mushrooms, and continue to cook until nicely browned, about 2 to 3 minutes more. Season mushrooms with the chili powder and salt and cook 1 minute more. Stir in the cilantro and set aside.nToast the tortillas directly on a medium gas burner, turning occasionally until slightly blistered on each side. If you have an electric burner, do this in a dry cast iron skillet. Place the tortillas on the prepared baking sheet. Spread the jack cheese on one half of each tortilla, top with some of the mushrooms, and then sprinkle with the feta. Fold the other half of the tortilla over the filling, to make a half moon shape. Lay another sheet of foil over the quesadillas. Bake until the cheese melts, about 12 minutes. Serve whole or sliced into wedges, with optional garnishes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, plus more as needed, 10 ounces white mushrooms, sliced, 12 to 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 4 10inch flour tortillas, 8 ounces grated Monterey jack cheese, about 2 12 cups, 2 ounces crumbled feta cheese, about 12 cup, Optional garnishes: Sour cream, cilantro sprigs, salsa], title: Mushroom Quesadillas, picturelink: 8fjItteylGjTPpZGIUUkIeafYLHz0C}, 48176: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a large bowl with water. Cut 2 lemons in half and squeeze both lemon halves into the water, then drop in the halves.nTrim the tough dark green skin from the stem of the artichoke if there is a stem, and remove the tough outer leaves until lovely gentle spring green is revealed, it should only be a couple of layers. Cut the artichokes in half lengthwise and toss into the lemon acidulated water. Artichokes will turn brown before your eyes, so it is important to have the acidulated water set up before 1 leaf is removed from the artichoke.nCoat a large straightsided saute pan over medium heat, generously with olive oil and add the smashed garlic cloves and crushed red pepper. When the garlic cloves are golden brown and aromatic, remove them. They have fulfilled their garlic destiny.Add the anchovy fillets and let them melt into a saucy consistency before adding the prepared artichokes to the pan along with the lemon halves. Pour in the white wine, add the thyme bundle and season with salt, to taste. Bring to a boil and add enough water to cover the artichokes shouldnt be much water. Cover the pan and simmer until the artichokes are very soft, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the lid and let the liquid reduce until it is less than halfway up the sides of the artichokes. Remove the thyme bundle. Taste to check for seasoning and readjust, if necessary, you probably will. Finish by tossing in the chopped parsley. Transfer the artichokes to a serving bowl and serve topped with ParmigianoReggiano shavings.nYay What a side dish, ingredients: [2 lemons, 2 dozen baby artichokes, Extravirgin olive oil, 5 garlic cloves, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 2 anchovy fillets, 2 cups dry white wine, 1 bundle thyme, Kosher salt, Water, 1 bunch Italian parsley, leaves picked and finely chopped, ParmigianoReggiano shavings, for garnish], title: Braised Baby Artichokes, picturelink: 7hqpA3sgX2OieRQFaJ0KsfvhEefihV2}, 48177: {instructions: Prepare Farm Rich Mozzarella Sticks according to package directions.nWrap a basil leaf and a slice of prosciutto around each hot Mozzarella Stick.nServe with warm marinara sauce for dipping., ingredients: [Farm Rich Mozzarella Sticks, Thinly sliced prosciutto, Fresh basil leaves, Marinara sauce, heated], title: Mozzarella Stick Proscuitto Wrap, picturelink: AbHiwYWMlJZWhCJc.bJwxgYiijTITuG}, 48178: {instructions: Cut the meat, with the fat, into 1inch cubes. Barely cover the meat with water in a heavy wide pan. Add the salt and bring to a boil, uncovered. When the liquid reaches a boil, lower the heat, and continue to cook until all the liquid has evaporated. At this point, the meat should be cooked through but not falling apart.nLower the heat a little more and continue cooking the meat until all the fat has rendered out of it. Keep turning the meat until it is lightly browned all over. This entire process should take about 1 hour and 15 minutes.nRemove the meat and set aside.nDrain all but 2 tablespoons of the oil and heat over medium low heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent. Add the garlic, reserved meat, and chile powder. Cook for a few minutes more, stirring constantly. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nServe with corn tortillas and Tropical Avocado Salsa.nTo make tropical salsa, combine all ingredients together in a medium bowl and stir well. Keep refrigerated until ready to use., ingredients: [3 pounds pork shoulder, skin and bone removed, Water, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 garlic cloves, roughly chop, 1 medium white onion, medium dice, 2 teaspoons ancho chile powder, Salt, Pepper, 12 warm corn tortillas, Tropical Avocado Salsa, recipe follows, 3 papayas, peeled, seeded, cut into small dice, 2 mangoes, peeled, cut into small dice, 3 avocados, cut into small dice, 1 large red onion, cut into small dice, 1 red jalapeno pepper, finely minced, 1 green jalapeno pepper, finely minced, 14 cup cilantro, roughly chopped, 2 large limes, juiced, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Carnitas, picturelink: null}, 48179: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the ladyfinger cookies in half. Reserve.nIn a large bowl, using a handmixer, combine the ricotta, mascarpone, cream, cognac and sugar until light and creamy. Fold in the mini chocolate chips.nPour the coffee into a shallow dish. Dip 2 ladyfinger halves into the coffee and arrange them on the bottom of a shallow glass serving cup. Liberally top with some of the cheese mixture. Repeat with another layer of dipped ladyfingers and cheese. Dust with cocoa powder. Repeat with the remainder of ingredients to make a total of 4 individual servings. Allow to cool before serving., ingredients: [20 ladyfinger cookies, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon cognac, 12 cup powdered sugar, 12 cup mini chocolate chips, 1 cup strong coffee, cooled, Cocoa powder, for dusting], title: WhippedUp Chocolate Ricotta Tiramisu, picturelink: tHHjzcPBLsQx4EabW63Nn4j3WiU.WEe}, 48180: {instructions: Divide dough into 8 pieces and roll out into long Asticks. Place onto a baking pan. Mix oil with garlic and brush on sticks. Sprinkle with Parmesan and paprika. Bake at 350 degrees for 15 minutes or until golden, ingredients: [1 loaf frozen bread dough, thawed, Grated Parmesan, 14 cup olive oil, Paprika, 2 cloves minced garlic], title: Seasoned Breadsticks, picturelink: null}, 48181: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add onethird of the butter and pulse until incorporated. Add the remaining butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal with bits of butter throughout, about 3 pulses. Add the vinegar and 3 tablespoons ice water pulse 3 or 4 more times to combine. Squeeze the dough between your fingers if it doesnt hold its shape, add 1 more tablespoon ice water and pulse again. Pat the dough into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Position a rack in the lower third of the oven preheat to 400 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Roll out the dough into a 10inch circle on a floured surface. Ease the dough into the pan and press into the bottom and sides trim the excess. Pierce the dough all over with a fork. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes. Line the dough with aluminum foil and fill with dried beans. Bake until set, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and beans continue baking until golden, about 15 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMake the filling: Beat the goat cheese and 13 cup granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until creamy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the 4 egg yolks and beat until combined, about 1 minute. Add the cornstarch, vanilla and cognac and beat until smooth, about 1 minute, scraping down the bowl as needed. In a separate large bowl, beat the 3 egg whites until foamy. Add the salt and the remaining 1 tablespoon granulated sugar and beat until soft peaks form, 1 to 2 minutes. Using a rubber spatula, fold the beaten egg whites into the yolk mixture until combined, then pour into the prepared crust. Bake until the filling is set and golden on top, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMake the topping: Bring the granulated sugar, honey, cinnamon, cognac, vanilla and 13 cup water to a simmer in a small skillet over medium heat cook until syrupy, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the apricots and cook 3 more minutes, then add the lemon juice. Let cool completely. Use a small knife to loosen the tart, then remove the springform ring. Dust with confectioners sugar. Serve at room temperature with the apricot topping. Photograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, diced, plus more for the pan, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 6 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, separated, plus 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons cognac or brandy, Pinch of salt, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, Pinch of cinnamon, 12 cup cognac or brandy, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup dried apricots, halved, Juice of 1 lemon, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Goat Cheese Tart With Honeyed Apricots, picturelink: D383zUzJRuXR5QImVIwmnHb5xHeCSMS}, 48182: {instructions: Using a knife, gently spread a thin layer of peanut butter all over the graham cracker. Be sure not to break the cracker. Count out 20 pretzel sticks. Start building Place sticks, standing straight, on peanut butter. Cover entire cracker. To make windows use four mini marshmallows for each window. Stick them down with a pat of peanut butter. For the door, count out 6 MMs, and use the peanut butter to stick them down. For the roof use three more pretzel sticks. Criss cross them at the top using peanut butter to glue them together and add some to each end so they stick to the house. It should look like a triangle, ingredients: [Peanut butter, 1 graham cracker, Small bag pretzel sticks 3 inch size, Small bag of mini marshmallows, Small bag of regular size MMs], title: The Second Pigs House of Sticky Sticks, picturelink: null}, 48183: {instructions: Cut the pineapple in small dice and place in colander. Set aside and let the juice drain, reserving the juice. Julienne the orange zest and place in a small pot and cover with water. Bring to a simmer and cook for 2 minutes. Strain and reserve the zest and the orange flavored water. Using the same small pot, combine the reserved pineapple juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, and orange zest. Scrape the vanilla bean seeds into it the pot as well. Bring to a simmer. Place the pineapple in a bowl and pour over the juice. Let it sit for 2 hours or overnight.nCombine the lime zest, 3 tablespoons sugar, cream cheese, and rum in a medium bowl and whip until smooth. Reserve. This can be made and refrigerated up to 2 days in advance.nTo build the sandwiches, cut each brioche slice in 12 and brush with butter on one side. Sprinkle with some of the remaining 14cup sugar and turn over so the nonbuttered side is faced up. Spread a 14inch layer of the cream cheese spread on all slices. Put a layer of bananas on 12 the slices and place the other slice of brioche on top, forming a sandwich.nLightly butter and sugar the aluminum sheets and place a sandwich on each. Fold up and reserve. Place the sandwiches over a medium low heated grill and cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side or until the sandwich gets nicely toasted on both sides. Remove from grill. These can either be unwrapped and platted or the aluminum can be opened and the pineapple salsa spooned right on top., ingredients: [12 ripe pineapple, peeled, core removed, 1 orange, zested, 1 tablespoon sugar, plus 3 tablespoons, plus 14 cup, 14 vanilla bean split, 1 tablespoon lime zest, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon rum, 12 slices Brioche, cut 12 inch thick, crust removed, 4 to 6 ripe bananas, peeled and sliced lengthwise 14 inch thick, 6 pieces aluminum foil, cut into 8 by 8inch squares, 4 ounces butter, room temperature], title: Grilled Cream Cheese Sandwich with Banana and Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: null}, 48184: {instructions: Place chiles in a small bowl of warm water to soak for 20 minutes. Combine the peppercorns, coriander seed and cumin seed in a mortar and grind to a powder with a pestle, or use a spice grinder. Set aside.nTrim any grassy tops and hard roots off the lemongrass, then finely chop the stalk. Place the lemongrass, cilantro, galanga and lime peel in the mortar and grind to break them down. Add the garlic and shallot and grind until a moist paste forms, about 5 minutes.nDrain the chiles and add them to the paste in the mortar. Add the spices, shrimp paste and salt and grind well. Transfer paste to a jar, cover tightly and refrigerate., ingredients: [12 cup small dried red chiles, seeded and coarsely chopped, 10 whole peppercorns, 1 tablespoon whole coriander seed, toasted, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, toasted, 2 stalks fresh lemongrass, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro root, or leaves and stems, 2 tablespoons finely chopped, peeled fresh galanga or ginger, 1 teaspoon minced wild or domestic lime zest, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped garlic, 14 cup coarsely chopped shallot, 2 teaspoons shrimp paste, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Red Curry Paste, picturelink: null}, 48185: {instructions: Put the guava juice and apricots in a small bowl, and cover. Microwave until the apricots are tender and the juice reduces to a lighter syrup, 1 to 2 minutes. Let cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally to help cool faster.nPut the yogurt in a cereal bowl. Spoon the apricotguava compote into the center. Arrange the grapefruit, mandarin oranges, cereal and pistachios in neat piles or rows around the compote. Then take a photo, ingredients: [14 cup 100 percent guava or orange juice no sugar added, 4 dried apricots, diced, 1 cup 2 percent Greek yogurt, 12 medium pink grapefruit, cut into segments, One 4ounce cup mandarin oranges in 100 percent fruit juice, strained, 14 cup bran flakes cereal, 2 tablespoons toasted or raw pistachios, roughly chopped], title: Tropical Greek Yogurt Breakfast Bowl, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 48186: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 24 standard cupcake cups with paper liners. Set aside.nIn a medium grease free bowl, beat egg whites to soft peaks with an electric mixer. Slowly add 13 cup of sugar and beat to stiff peaks. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, sift together the cake flour, sugars, baking powder and salt. Add remaining ingredients and beat with same mixer no need to wash beaters until combined about 1 minute. Fold egg whites into the batter being careful not to deflate the egg whites. Spoon mixture, a little over half full, into each cupcake cup liner. Bake for approximately 18 minutes or until skewer inserted comes out clean. Let cupcakes cool in pan for about 5 minutes then remove to a wire rack to cool completely.nMake Buttercream: Place water and sugars in a small saucepan. Stir to combine. Bring to a boil over medium heat and continue to cook for approximately 5 minutes. Sugar will be dissolved. Whip egg whites in a stand mixer make sure bowl is grease free to stiff peaks. Slowly add hot sugar syrup to egg whites and continue beating on high speed until bowl is cool to the touch about 10 to 15 minutes. Add butter a piece at a time and mix completely before adding the next piece of butter. Repeat until all butter has been used. Add confectioners sugar. Mix to combine. Add orange liqueur and 2 teaspoons of zest. Mix to combine. Frosting will be smooth and creamy.nGenerously frost cupcakes with a piping bag or spatula and top with coarsely grated orange zest., ingredients: [2 large egg whites, 13 cup sugar, 2 cups sifted cake flour sift before measuring, 34 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup vanilla infused sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 1 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup canola oil, 2 large egg yolks, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 14 cup water, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup vanilla infused sugar, 12 cup egg whites about 6 large egg whites at room temperature, 1 12 cups unsalted butter, cut into 12 inch pieces, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest plus additional coarsely grated orange zest, for garnish, optional], title: Orange Chiffon Cupcakes with Meringue Buttercream, picturelink: null}, 48187: {instructions: Fill a large pot with oil halfway up the pot. Heat oil to 350 degrees F. Preheat grill.nIn a medium bowl, mix together 1 cup flour, cumin, cayenne, and salt. Slowly whisk in beer until thick, but not runny. Dredge fish in remaining flour first, then dunk in the batter. Fry in batches until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Drain on papertoweled lined plate.nMeanwhile, grill tortillas on grill.nServe fish in tortillas topped with QuickPickled Onion and Cucumber.nIn a medium saucepan, bring to a boil the vinegar, sugar, water, and salt. Add onions and cucumber and continue to cook a few minutes more. Remove from heat, add chile, and transfer to a bowl. Let cool slightly then chill covered, for at least 1 hour.nToss in the tomato and cilantro, 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons ground cumin, 3 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 3 teaspoons salt, 12 ounces beer, 3 8ounce tilapia fillets, cut into chunks, 8 8inch flour tortillas, QuickPickled Onion and Cucumber, recipe follows, 34 cup apple cider vinegar, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 large red onion, medium dice, 1 large Vidalia onion, medium dice, 1 English cucumber, medium dice, 1 habanero chile, seeds removed, minced, 1 Roma tomato, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: CervezaBattered Fish Tacos with QuickPickled Onion and Cucumber, picturelink: Okafk803hKkkoa16jbCaxHr1WL5K}, 48188: {instructions: Whisk together the vinegar, honey, mustard, chopped thyme and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified.nHeat a charcoal or gas grill to high for direct grilling. Brush the eggplant, poblanos and bell pepper with canola oil, scatter over some of the whole thyme leave sand season with salt and pepper. Grill the poblanos and bell pepper until charred all over and somewhat tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from the grill to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let steam. Continue to grill the eggplant until charred on both sides and tender, 5 to 8 minutes.nBrush the swordfish on all sides with canola oil, scatter the remaining whole thyme leaves on both sides and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the swordfish until charred on both sides and just cooked through, about 5 minutes per side, depending on thickness.nPeel, seed and dice the poblanos and bell pepper and transfer to a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add the watercress. Pour some of the dressing around the sides of the bowl, and toss to dress the vegetables.nPut the fish on a large platter. Drizzle over the remaining dressing and top with the salad. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup chardonnay vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, plus 2 teaspoons whole leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 Japanese eggplants, halved, 2 small poblano chiles, 1 red bell pepper, Canola oil, for brushing, 1 12 pounds swordfish fillet, 1 large bunch watercress, chopped], title: Grilled Swordfish and Eggplant Salad with HoneyThyme Vinaigrette, picturelink: Em.62vLXOcIaiTcWUY76x0jEuK4Qi}, 48189: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9inch round baking pan.nFor the streusel:nCombine the granulated sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a bowl. Stir in the melted butter and then the flour. Mix well and set aside.nFor the cake:nCream the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on high speed for 4 to 5 minutes, until light. Reduce the speed to low and add the eggs 1 at a time, then add the vanilla, lemon zest, and sour cream. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour mixture to the batter until just combined. Fold in the blueberries and stir with a spatula to be sure the batter is completely mixed.nSpoon the batter into the prepared pan and spread it out with a knife. With your fingers,ncrumble the topping evenly over the batter. Bake for 40 to 50 minutes, until a cake tester comes out clean. Cool completely and serve sprinkled with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [14 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature 34 stick, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 23 cup sour cream, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup fresh blueberries, Confectioners sugar for sprinkling], title: Blueberry Crumb Cake, picturelink: GwlQ77hB9S8OvpbHDxALwrnYPBQMoS}, 48190: {instructions: Combine all ingredients together in a mixing bowl. Transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [1 cup ketchup recommended: Heinz, 2 cups mayonnaise, 4 tablespoons prepared horseradish sauce, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Horseradish Fry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48191: {instructions: Place the green beans in a microwavesafe dish. Add 14 cup water and 12 teaspoon salt, cover loosely with plastic wrap and microwave until tender, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, sprinkle the fish all over with 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Combine the flour and paprika in a shallow dish. Beat the eggs in another dish. Dip each fish fillet in the eggs, then dredge in the flour mixture, turning to coat. Reserve the flour mixture. Heat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, fry the fish until cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and tent with foil. Wipe out the skillet. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Whisk in 3 tablespoons of the reserved flour mixture, then add the chicken broth and 14 cup water bring to a boil, whisking. Add the milk, cream cheese and parsley cook, whisking, until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the fish among plates. Top with the sauce and sprinkle with paprika. Serve with the green beans.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [12 ounces green beans, trimmed, Kosher salt, 4 6ounce tilapia fillets, Freshly ground pepper, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon paprika, plus more for sprinkling, 2 large eggs, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: ChickenFried Fish, picturelink: SecMdZTSAKYfAkdbs1GDQ0X9s9AsJu}, 48192: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook asparagus, turning occasionally, 5 minutes or until tender. Remove asparagus from skillet and keep warm.nHeat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in same skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook polenta, turning once, 4 minutes or until golden. Remove polenta from skillet and keep warm.nSeason steaks, if desired, with salt and black pepper. Cook steaks in same skillet over mediumhigh heat, turning once, 4 minutes or until desired doneness. Remove steaks and keep warm. Add onions to skillet and cook 4 minutes or until golden.nStir in Sauce and cream and bring just to to the boiling point, stirring occasionally. Serve sauce over steak with asparagus over polenta., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. olive oil, 8 ounces asparagus, trimmed, 8 slices 12 inch thick refrigerated prepared polenta about 7 oz., 4 beef tenderloin steaks about 4 oz. ea., 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Vineyard Premium Collections Marinara with Burgundy Wine Sauce, 14 cup heavy or whipping cream, 12 cup chopped onion], title: Beef Tenderloin With Creamy Burgundy Marinara, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 48193: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse together 14 cup of the pecans, the flour, baking powder and 12 teaspoon of the salt. Add the 12 cup chilled butter pieces and pulse until coarse crumbs form, about 5 seconds. Drizzle in the ice water and pulse to combine. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and flatten into a disk. Freeze until firm, about 15 minutes.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough into a 12inch round. Transfer to a 9inch pie plate and cut the excess dough to leave a 12inch overhang. Using your fingers, roll the dough edge under and crimp. Prick the bottom of the pie shell with a fork refrigerate for 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLine the shell with foil and pie weights or dried beans and bake for 15 minutes. Remove the foil and pie weights, reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and bake for another 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a heavybottomed medium saucepan, whisk together the remaining 5 tablespoons butter and 12 teaspoon salt with the coconut sugar, maple syrup and vanilla over medium heat until melted and smooth. Cool the mixture slightly, about 5 minutes. In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs. Whisking constantly, add the sugar mixture into the beaten eggs. Stir in the remaining 2 12 cups pecans. Pour the filling into the crust and bake until set, about 25 minutes.nCool the pie completely before slicing.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt., ingredients: [2 34 cups pecan halves, coarsely chopped, 1 cup GlutenFree Flour Blend, recipe follows, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter or nonhydrogenated shortening, 12 cup cut into small pieces and chilled, 14 cup ice water, 12 cup coconut sugar, 12 cup maple syrup, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 3 cups 435 grams white rice flour, 1 12 cups 187 grams tapioca flour, 34 cup 123 grams potato starch, 1 tablespoon 8 grams xanthan gum, 1 12 teaspoons 5 grams salt], title: GlutenFree Pecan Pie, picturelink: aaLA8lnoHGw6HhxWw7DiXDvyYBxF0y}, 48194: {instructions: Place each chicken breast between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and gently flatten with a meat mallet or heavy flat object to an even 13inch thick.nIn a shallow bowl add the chicken and the buttermilk. Cover and marinate for 1 hour in the refrigerator.nIn a food processor, pulse pecans until finely ground. Transfer the pecans to a large rimmed dish and add the panko bread crumbs. Mix to combine well.nRemove marinated chicken breasts from buttermilk and shake off excess. Dip chicken in breading mixture, evenly coating both sides.nIn a large nonstick skillet, heat oil. Add breaded breasts and shallow fry about 4 to 5 minutes on each side until golden in color. Remove from oil to and drain on paper towels. Immediately season with salt and pepper and place on a serving platter of individual dishes.nServe it with a yummy salad for a super tasty meal. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 8ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup toasted pecans, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 13 cup vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Buttermilk Pecan Chicken, picturelink: L5UfQbsXubEJGT02UROjB9cm1QQ4cu}, 48195: {instructions: Hull and quarter 1 quart strawberries. Toss with 1 teaspoon sugar in a large bowl. Sprinkle a layer of gingersnap crumbs or graham cracker crumbs in the bottom of parfait glasses. Top with the berries. Mix 1 cup nonfat Greek yogurt with 2 tablespoons honey and 12 teaspoon cinnamon, then spoon over the berries.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Strawberry Parfaits, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 48196: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 10inch Bundt pan and a pastry brushnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Mix together the softened butter with 2 tablespoons of the flour to make a paste. In a 10inch Bundt pan, paint on the flour and butter paste with a pastry brush until the pan is well coated.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the sugar, oil and eggs until smooth. Add the orange juice and vanilla extract and mix well. In another bowl, sift together the baking soda, cinnamon, salt and remaining 3 cups flour. Add the flour mixture to the sugar mixture and continue to beat well. Stir in the apples and walnuts.nPour the batter into the pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the cake comes out clean, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Remove the cake from the oven and let it cool in the pan for 15 minutes. Turn the cake out onto a cake plate.nFor the glaze: Combine the sugar, butter, buttermilk and baking soda in a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Boil the mixture until it thickens slightly and begins to turn a light brown, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat.nUsing a toothpick, punch 15 to 20 holes in the top of the cake and pour the glaze over the cake. Let the cake set and cool before serving. Store the cake in an airtight cake carrier in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 3 large eggs, 12 cup orange juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 to 2 12 cups peeled, cored and finely diced sweet apples, 1 cup walnuts, finely chopped, 34 cup granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 13 cup buttermilk, 12 teaspoon baking soda], title: Fresh Apple Cake, picturelink: Beg.pJMifwRLRDkYiwFtQGDouZ7Eqa}, 48197: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut a small x in the bottom of the tomato. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the tomato and cook it for 30 seconds. Remove it to a bowl of salted iced water. Add the asparagus in the boiling water and blanch for 1 minute. Remove the asparagus to the iced water bath to cool down, then drain both the tomato and the asparagus. Peel the tomato, remove the seeds, and roughly chop it. Cut the asparagus into 1inch pieces and set aside.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the tomato, garlic, herbs, and lemon juice, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook until the tomato begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in the asparagus and cook until is just tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Spoon the mixture into an ovenproof casserole and scatter with some Parmesan shavings. Bake until the cheese is melted and lightly browned, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [1 large Roma tomato, 1 bunch jumbo asparagus spears, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves chopped, 4 sprigs fresh parsley, leaves chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 piece Parmesan, for shaving], title: Provencal Asparagus with Tomato French, picturelink: null}, 48198: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLay the bacon on the press and close the lid. Cook the bacon until crispy and brown, about 2 minutes. Remove the bacon to a plate. Do not drain the fat.nScatter the spinach on the press, pour the eggs over the spinach, close the lid, and cook for 1 minute. Remove the egg and spinach from the press, roll like a cigar and eat like an omelet or cut into thin strips and serve immediately with the bacon on the side., ingredients: [2 slices bacon, 1ounce fresh spinach, 2 eggs], title: Panini Press Omelet, picturelink: 1dB7MvdgRhBZkfuf7WOL8o18NQIX3b2}, 48199: {instructions: In the top of a large double boiler set over barely simmering water, melt the chocolates together. Stir well and set aside to cool slightly. In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the cream until stiff. Keep refrigerated.nIn a clean, dry bowl, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form. Add the sugar and continue whipping just until stiff and glossy, about 30 seconds more. Whisking hard, incorporate 13 of the egg whites into the chocolate until well blended. Fold in the next 13 of the egg whites. Fold in the remaining egg whites until just barely combined the mixture will be streaky. Add the orange zest, orange juice concentrate, and whipped cream and fold until smooth.nUse a pastry bag fitted with a large plain or star tip to pipe the mousse into serving dishes, or simply spoon it into a large serving bowl. Cover lightly and refrigerate at least 1 hour or until ready to serve., ingredients: [5 ounces milk chocolate, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 cups chilled heavy cream, 23 cup egg whites from about 5 eggs, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon thawed frozen orange juice concentrate or Grand Marnier liqueur], title: Milk Chocolate Orange Mousse, picturelink: H2Xt0Sv5qVo6TqHeV4c0yi6qiSb6Iii}, 48200: {instructions: Make the bechamel.nIn a small saucepot, heat the milk over medium heat until warm to the touch set aside. In a separate small saucepot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour, reduce the heat to low and cook, whisking continuously, until the raw flour taste has been cooked out, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the warm milk until smooth. Grate the nutmeg into the bechamel.nAdd the cheese.nSeason the bechamel with salt and bring to a simmer, whisking continuously, until thickened, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the Gruyere. Whisk the mixture until smooth and set aside.nAssemble the sandwiches.nHeat the broiler on high. Set the bread on a sheet pan and place 3 slices of the ham on each slice of bread. Spoon a thin layer of the bechamel on top of the ham. Divide the Gruyere evenly among the sandwiches and season with pepper. Broil until the cheese melts and turns golden brown, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon grated nutmeg, Kosher salt, 14 cup grated Gruyere cheese about 1 ounce, For the croque monsieur:, 4 34inchthick slices country white bread, 12 thin slices Black Forest ham or other lean ham about 8 ounces, 2 cups coarsely grated Gruyere cheese about 8 ounces, Freshly ground pepper], title: Croque Monsieur, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 48201: {instructions: Melt butter in a large stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Saute shallots until golden, about 3 minutes. Add mushrooms and cook over high heat until slightly browned, about 2 additional minutes.nRemove from heat and add brandy and Madeira reserving 14 cup of each for final seasoning. Cook over high heat until liquid is reduced by half. Add lobster stock and return to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, 15 to 30 minutes, depending on the strength of your stock. Weaker stocks need to cook longer to concentrate their flavors. Occasionally skim and discard foam that rises to the top.nMake beurre manie by mixing butter and flour with your fingers to form a smooth paste. Press onto ends of a whisk.nWhen broth has a strong, almost salty, lobster flavor, add cream and bring it back to a boil, skimming foam occasionally. Then whisk in beurre manie until dissolved. Cook an additional 5 minutes over high heat, whisking occasionally.nStrain through a fine sieve, pressing with the back of a ladle to extract all juices. Season with lemon juice, reserved brandy and Madeira, and hot pepper sauce, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 shallots, thinly sliced, 12 mushrooms, thinly sliced, 1 cup brandy, 1 cup Madeira, 6 cups lobster stock, 1 tablespoon softened, unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 14 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Dash of hot pepper sauce], title: Lobster Bisque, picturelink: null}, 48202: {instructions: Quarter the dragon fruit lengthwise. Work your finger under the skin, pull it back and peel it away in 1 piece. Cut each quarter into 14inchthick triangles.nWhisk together the yogurt, mayonnaise, lemon juice, honey, ginger and salt in a large bowl. Add the apples, grapes, 34 of the dragon fruit pieces and 34 of both the cilantro and the cashews. Toss to combine, and refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour.nPut a lettuce leaf in each of 4 small bowls, and top each with a scoop of salad. Garnish with the remaining dragon fruit, cilantro and cashews., ingredients: [1 large, ripe dragon fruit, 13 cup 2percent Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 small Granny Smith apple, cored and cut into 12inch pieces, 12 cup red seedless grapes, halved, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 13 cup cashews, roughly chopped, 4 leaves Bibb or iceberg lettuce], title: Healthy Dragon Fruit Waldorf Salad, picturelink: Urcqk7FEMhLfKLFmpi4N445.xcfxN1q}, 48203: {}, 48204: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicon mats.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl.nIn another bowl, whip the butter and the sugar with a handheld mixer until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla until just combined. Slowly beat in the dry ingredients, in 2 additions, mixing just until incorporated.nScoop the dough into 1inch balls with a cookie or ice cream scoop and roll in sugar. Place about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Press a thumbprint into the center of each ball, about 12inch deep. Fill each print with about 34 teaspoon of jam.nBake cookies until the edges are golden, about 15 minutes. Rotate the pans, from top to bottom, about halfway through baking for even color. Cool cookies on the baking sheets. Serve.nStore cookies in a tightly sealed container for up to 5 days., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup unsalted butter, 1 12 sticks, softened, 23 cup sugar, plus more for rolling, 1 large egg, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped from pod or 18 teaspoon vanilla bean paste, or 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 13 cup raspberry, cherry, or strawberry jam], title: BakeSale Thumbprints, picturelink: 43pSo1aiK9lFRRueEUa8o2VkxFS98CG}, 48205: {instructions: Put all ingredients together in a 5 by 9 by 2inch baking dish. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven, 1 to 1 12 hours. Stir 2 or 3 times to keep from burning. Bake until brown on top.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup milk, 1 egg, 2 cups grated sweet potato, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Mama Lanes Sweet Potato Pudding, picturelink: null}, 48206: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a 9by13inch pan with foil. Bring the marshmallows, sugar, cream, butter and salt to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly. Continue to stir until the marshmallows melt and the sugar dissolves. Remove the saucepan from the heat, add the white chocolate chips and vanilla, and stir until the chips are completely melted.nPour the mixture into the prepared pan and scatter the candy canes over the top. Let cool to room temperature, then wrap and refrigerate until chilled and firm, about 2 hours. Using the foil, lift the fudge from the pan and put on a cutting board. Cut the fudge into 1inch squares., ingredients: [4 cups marshmallows about 36, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Pinch of kosher salt, 3 cups white chocolate chips about 18 ounces, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 candy canes, crushed about 14 cup], title: Candy Cane White Chocolate Fudge, picturelink: jQedprCyeCGnGiYsG25pa088EvvWi2}, 48207: {instructions: Heat a heavy skillet with 12inch vegetable oil until hot, not smoking. Dip fish in batter to coat evenly, and lay fish strips in pan, not touching. Cook until golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Turn and cook until golden. Drain on paper towels and season with salt, to taste. Heat a dry cast iron or heavy skillet and warm flour tortillas until heated. Assemble tortillas by layering fish, cabbage, mayonnaise, and salsa.nStir together until incorporated.nPut ingredients in a bowl and mix.nProcess ingredients together, and then simmer over medium high heat until just boiling. Serve warm. If using fresh ingredients, simmer until cooked., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 red salmon fillet, skinned, boned, and cut into 2inch strips, Beer Batter, recipe follows, Salt, 4 to 6 flour tortillas, 1 cup shredded cabbage, Chipotle Mayonnaise, recipe follows, Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows, 34 cup white flour, Dash yellow mustard, Beer to make batter consistency of pancake batter, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 or 2 smoked, canned chipotle chiles, 1 cup chopped canned or fresh tomatillo, 14 cup chopped canned or fresh jalapeno peppers, 14 cup diced onion, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 14 cup canned green chiles], title: Bajas Fish Tacos, picturelink: null}, 48208: {instructions: Lemon aioli or Thousand Island dressing, for servingnPeel and grate the potatoes into a large bowl. Add all the other ingredients, except the flour and oil, and combine well. Cooks Note: be careful when you add the blackening spice, if you like more or less, adjust accordingly. Refrigerate for 15 minutes for the flavors to meld.nRemove from refrigerator and slowly add the flour, mixing well.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat and add the oil. Add tablespoons of the potato mixture to the hot oil, gently pressing down to form cakes. Cook for approximately 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove to paper towels to absorb the excess oil. Continue this method until all the potato mixture is used.nTransfer to a serving platter and serve immediately while hot. Serve with lemon aioli or Thousand Island dressing on the side., ingredients: [3 large Idaho potatoes, 12 cup white onion, diced, 14 cup chopped chives, 12 pound baby shrimp, 1 egg beaten, 2 gloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon blackening spice, 1 lime, juiced, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup canola oil, for frying], title: Shrimp and Potato Cakes, picturelink: null}, 48209: {instructions: Bread crumbs have 2 very appealing characteristics: they are very simple to make, and they are a very economical use of odds and ends of any unsweetened bread. I like to make my tea sandwiches and canapes no larger than 2 bites, so depending on the bread you use, there are always varying amounts of bread scraps left over. Freeze the bread in a resealable plastic storage bag util you have a few handfuls worth If you are making a lot of hors d oeuvres, you will have enough bread scraps right away.nThere are 2 basic categories of bread crumbs: fresh and dry.nFor Fresh Bread crumbs: Simply remove the crusts, place the bread in the bowl of a food processor, and process until fine. Transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate up to 1 week or 6 months in the freezer. Never use stale bread to make bread crumbs, because they will taste just that waystale.nFor Dry Bread crumbs: You must first place the bread in a 250 degrees F oven until fully dried, 12 to 15 minutes. Let the bread cool, then transfer to the food processor and process until fine. Repeat storage instructions for fresh bread crumbs.nBread crumbs can be made the same way from darker breads. These somewhat earthier crumbs add an interesting flavor to gratins and breaded meats., ingredients: [], title: Bread Crumbs, picturelink: null}, 48210: {instructions: In each of 2 tall glasses, stir together 2 tablespoons of the chocolate syrup and 1 cup of the club soda. Place 2 scoops of the ice cream in each glass and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons chocolate syrup, 2 cups club soda or sparkling water, chilled, 4 small scoops coffee ice cream], title: Iced Coffee Mocha Float, picturelink: null}, 48211: {instructions: Steam the beans separately until tender as they each have different cooking times. Toss with the melted butter and add salt to taste., ingredients: [13 pound frozen peas fresh if in season, 13 pound haricots verts, 13 pound snow peas, 14 cup melted butter, Salt], title: Medley of Beans, picturelink: null}, 48212: {instructions: For the broth: Remove and reserve the bone from the steak and cut the meat into 2inch pieces. Heat a large 6quart pot or Dutch oven over high heat. Add the steak, steak bone, parsley stems, if using, carrots, celery and onion. Add 8 cups water. The water should cover the contents of the pot add a small amount more if necessary. Bring up to a boil, and then reduce to simmer. Simmer uncovered for 1 hour 30 minutes, skimming and discarding any fat and scum that may accumulate on top. Strain the broth, reserving the meat. Discard the vegetables. To serve the broth on its own, ladle into a mug or serving bowl and add 2 to 3 tablespoons Chianti per serving and some salt and pepper. Serve hot. For the stew, reserve 2 cups of broth, or more as needed.nFor the beef stew: Place the potatoes in a 4quart pot and add enough water to cover by 2 inches. Cover and cook over mediumhigh heat until the potatoes are cooked through, about 25 minutes. Test by piercing with a knife the potatoes should have no resistance. Drain and set aside. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and sage and cook until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and saute until soft, and then add the crushed tomatoes and cook until reduced and very thick, about 10 minutes. Dredge the boiled beef pieces they should still be roughly in 1 to 2inch pieces very lightly in flour, shaking to remove all excess. Add to the sauce along with the cooked potatoes and 2 cups of the beef broth. Cover and cook for another 15 minutes to meld the flavors and thicken the sauce. The meat will shred a bit as you stir gently. If the stew becomes too dry at this point, add enough beef broth or water to reach the desired consistency, and bring up to a simmer. Season the stew with salt and pepper and serve warm with sliced bread., ingredients: [2 pounds bonein steak, about 2 inches thick, fat trimmed, 6 fresh parsley stems, optional, 1 carrot, cut into thirds, 1 stalk celery, halved, 1 large red onion, halved, Sea salt, 12 cup light red wine, such as Chianti, Freshly cracked pepper, 2 Yukon gold potatoes about 1 pound, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, 1 sprig fresh sage, 1 medium red onion, sliced into halfmoons about 13inch thick, 1 cup canned whole peeled tomatoes, crushed by hand, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Sliced Tuscan bread, for serving], title: Nonna Lolas Beef Broth and Lesso Rifatto Boiled Beef Stew, picturelink: null}, 48213: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWarm the refried beans in a small pot over low heat.nIn a small bowl, mix together sour cream, salsa verde, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Set aside.nArrange the sliced tomatoes on a sheet pan. Season the tomato slices with coarse sea salt, cracked black pepper, and chili powder. Put a heaping tablespoon of black beans on each slice of tomato and spread lightly leaving some room on the edge of the tomato. Top with some sliced jalapenos, cilantro and lime juice. Drizzle each slice with olive oil. Begin stacking slices on top of each other 3 to 4 high. Transfer to a serving platter and drizzle lightly with the sour cream mixture, before serving., ingredients: [1 15ounce can refried black beans, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup salsa verde, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, plus coarse sea salt and cracked black pepper, for tomatoes, 3 medium tomatoes, sliced into 12inch slices, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 4 jalapenos, sliced, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 3 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Spicy Tomato Napoleons with Black Beans, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 48214: {instructions: Stir together drained tomatoes, cheese and basil in medium bowl set aside.nPound chicken to 12inch thickness. Top evenly with tomato mixture, pressing onto chicken.nCombine tomato sauce and garlic in large skillet add chicken. Bring sauce to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat to mediumlow, cover and cook 15 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink in centers 165 degrees F. Top with croutons just before serving., ingredients: [1 can 14.5 oz each Huntsu00ae Diced Tomatoes, drained, 34 cup shredded Italian blend cheese, 1 pkg 0.75 oz each fresh basil, chopped about 14 cup, 5 boneless skinless chicken breasts 5 oz each, 1 can 8 oz each Huntsu00ae Tomato Sauce, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 2 cups small garlic or Italianflavored croutons, crushed slightly], title: Huntsandreg Bruschetta Chicken Skillet, picturelink: null}, 48215: {instructions: Peel the avocados and place in a molcajete an authentic mayan bowl. Then add the chopped onions, chopped tomatoes, chopped cilantro, salt, pepper, chiles and lime juice, to taste. Now mix it all together for the ultimate guacamole experience., ingredients: [1 avocado, About 2 tablespoons chopped white onions, About 2 tablespoons chopped tomatoes, About 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground pepper, About 1 12 tablespoons chopped jalapeno chiles, Lime juice, as desired], title: Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 48216: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Stir the sour cream and chipotle chile together in a small bowl. Cover with plastic wraps and refrigerate.nScatter half the chips on a rimmed baking sheet. Top with onethird of the turkey, cheeses, Brussels sprouts, butternut squash and fried onions. Scatter the remaining chips on top followed by the remaining twothirds of turkey, cheeses, Brussels sprouts and fried onions. Bake until the cheeses are melted and bubbly, about 5 to 7 minutes.nDrizzle the nachos with chipotle sour cream and extra adobo sauce. Garnish with cilantro, black olives, and jalapenos., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon minced chipotle chile in adobo, plus more sauce for serving, 10 cups tortilla chips, 2 cups shredded leftover turkey meat, 3 cups shredded Cheddar, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 2 cups thinly sliced leftover cooked Brussels sprouts, 1 12 cups leftover cubed roasted butternut squash, 1 cup packaged frenchfried onions, 1 cup lightly packed cilantro leaves or parsley leaves, 12 cup sliced black olives, 14 cup chopped pickled jalapenos], title: Leftover Thanksgiving Nachos, picturelink: xr0Cvu6jzuXNNdEYmY8AdleudIv4ijm}, 48217: {instructions: Fill a large cocktail shaker with ice, the whiskey, lemon juice and sugar syrup and shake for a full 30 seconds. Strain into chilled cocktail glasses and top each drink with a cherry., ingredients: [1 cup whiskey, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup sugar syrup, 4 whiskeysoaked cherries], title: Whiskey Sour, picturelink: XgCTGdvMhl3jIU5hQcOASmgHYDEzYIS}, 48218: {instructions: Combine the apples, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and 2 tablespoons water in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat until the sugar dissolves and the apples release their juices, 4 to 5 minutes.nIn a small bowl, stir the cornstarch into 2 tablespoons water until smooth. Whisk the cornstarch mixture into the simmering juices in the saucepan until smooth. Simmer just until the juices thicken, about 1 minute. Stir in the blackberries and blueberries, return to a simmer, and then remove the pan from the heat. Let cool while you roll the dough.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Set an oven rack in the bottom position.nOn a floured work surface, roll out 1 disc of dough to fit a 9inch pie plate with about 1 inch of overhang. Roll out the second disc and cut strips or shapes. Pour the filling into the bottom crust. Top with a lattice or cutout design. Brush the crust with the egg wash.nBake on a baking sheet to catch any drips until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbly, about 45 minutes. Check halfway through if the top crust is browning too quickly, loosely cover with foil. Let cool., ingredients: [4 medium baking apples, peeled, cored and sliced 14 inch thick about 1 34 pounds, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 cup blackberries, 1 cup blueberries, 1 large egg, beaten, Your favorite doublecrust 9inch pie dough 2 discs, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Apple Berry Pie, picturelink: 6F05km6yql4owtwLod7hXEJg5KYVjfG}, 48219: {instructions: To make the aioli: Place the red pepper on an open flame or grill. Turn to blacken on all sides. When fully charred, remove to a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let pepper cool, until you can handle it comfortably. Using your fingers, remove blackened skin to reveal the red color underneath. A paper towel will wipe off what you cant remove with your fingers. Coarsely chop the pepper and place it in the bowl of a food processor. Add the yolks, garlic, vinegar, chili paste, and salt to taste. Puree until the mixture is homogeneous. While the machine is running VERY slowly drizzle in the oil, until incorporated. Check the aioli for texture and flavor. If its too thick, add a few drops of water to thin it down, or on the flip side if its too thin add more oil. The desired outcome is a fairly thin aioli. Check the flavor and add more salt or chili paste, if desired. Refrigerate until ready to use.nTo cook the mussels: In a pot, large enough to accommodate all the mussels, generously coat with olive oil. Add the onions and bring to a mediumhigh heat, stirring frequently. Cook the onions until they are very soft and aromatic but have no color. Add the garlic, thyme and bay leaf and cook for another 2 to3 minutes. Stir to be sure the garlic doesnt burn. Add the mussels and stir to coat with the oil. Add the wine and cover the pot. Steam the mussels for 5 to 6 minutes or until all the shells open. If some shells dont open, cook them for a little longer. Sometimes the freshest mussels are the most stubborn to open. Remove the mussels that dont open after longer cooking. When in doubt, throw out.nWhile the mussels are steaming, grill or toast the slices of bread.nServe the mussels in individual bowls with lots of the juice from the bottom of the pot. Generously drizzle each bowl with the aioli. Garnish with toast. You may want to have more toasted bread on hand to sop up the delicious liquidnRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [1 red pepper, 2 egg yolks, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 to 2 tablespoons Vietnamese chili paste recommended: Sambal Oelek, Salt, 1 12 cups canola oil, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 small onions, finely diced, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 bay leaf, 3 pounds mussels, debearded and rinsed, 1 bottle dry white wine, 4 slices baguette, cut on the bias], title: Steamed Mussels with Spicy Red Pepper Aioli, picturelink: fnfBrAFS0B2ocI2VmwARHtVGxPkXKq}, 48220: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGrits: Bring milk, salt, pepper, and butter to a boil. Stir in grits, pepper flakes, and pepper sauce over low heat. When consistency is ready, in about 45 to 50 minutes add cheese and stir.nShrimp: Toss shrimp in Cajun seasoning and set aside. In a saute pan, over medium heat, heat the oil. Add the sausage and render for 3 minutes. Add garlic, stir for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the shrimp and butter and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in cayenne pepper, piquillo peppers, and pepper flakes. Add half wine drink whats leftover, and fresh herbs and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Plate grits in a shallow bowls with shrimp mixture over the top. Garnish with scallions and serve., ingredients: [4 cups milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon course ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup stoneground yellow grits, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon pepper sauce, 2 ounces grated Cheddar, 1 12 pounds 21 count shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound diced andouille sausage, 2 teaspoons diced garlic, 14 cup butter, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 small chopped piquillo peppers, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup wine Spanish rioja, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs parsley, thyme, basil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sliced scallions], title: Spicy LowCountry Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: SyrfbPNPwfXvMC3khWIar5hQfcOKyJ.}, 48221: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nStart at the cavity end of the chicken and work your finger underneath the skin. Using 2 fingers, gently separate the skin from the entire breast and then work your way to the thighs and legs.nTake the portobello mushroom slices and lay them flat underneath the skin over the breast and thighs. Do this until all the slices of mushrooms are underneath the skin. Season the chicken with salt, pepper, and smoked paprika. Place the chicken in a roasting pan.nPlace the sweet potatoes and red onion in a bowl. Coat lightly with olive oil, salt, and pepper, and toss. Place the potatoes and onions around the chicken and cook for about 1 hour, or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, not touching the bone, reads 165 degrees F. When the chicken is done, remove it from the oven and let it rest for at least 10 minutes.nSlice and enjoynBrush the mushrooms carefully with a paper towel to get rid of the excess dirt. Using a spoon, carefully scrape out the gills from the underside of the portobello cap.nSlice the mushroom in half along the perimeter like you are butterflying it so you have 2 thin rounds, and then place them in a large bowl.nIn a saute pan add the oil and place over medium heat. When the oil is shimmering, add the garlic and the shallot and cook for no more than 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the lemon zest, lemon juice, oregano, thyme, honey, salt, and pepper and whisk vigorously.nPour the mixture over the mushrooms and with your hands toss gently to coat, making sure there is even coverage.nLet the mushrooms stand at room temperature for at least 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 3pound whole fryer chicken, 8 slices Marinated Portobello mushrooms 4 whole portobellos, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Dash smoked paprika, 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and quartered, 1 medium red onion, cut into 8 wedges from root to tip, Olive oil, for drizzling, 8 portobello mushroom caps, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large shallot, minced, Zest and juice of 2 lemons, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Marinated Portobello Stuffed Whole Chicken with Roasted Sweet Potatoes and Red Onion, picturelink: PA9GfKPz4uUCbXypabCepPFoUQRDUgS}, 48222: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together yolks, vinegar, and mustard and add oil in a stream, whisking constantly until dressing is emulsified. Stir in egg whites, shallots, tarragon, and salt and pepper, to taste.nThinly slice spinach leaves and spread on a platter. Cut mushrooms into very thin slices and mound on spinach. Spoon dressing over salad., ingredients: [2 hardboiled large eggs, yolks mashed and whites chopped fine, 3 tablespoons tarragon whitewine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons minced shallots about 2, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, Salt and pepper, 12 pound fresh spinach, coarse stems discarded and leaves washed well and spun dry, 10 ounces fresh white mushrooms], title: Mushroom Spinach Salad with Tarragon Egg Dressing, picturelink: null}, 48223: {instructions: Combine the honey, lavender buds and 3 cups water in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring just to a boil, stirring to dissolve the honey. Set aside and allow to cool completely, then cover and refrigerate overnight.nAdd the lavender sprigs and the lemon juice to a large measuring cup and muddle to release the lavender oils. Strain the honeylavender water and combine it with the muddled lemon juice. Let sit for 15 minutes before removing the lavender sprigs. Divide the lemonade between two 2cup togo containers. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nDivide the vodka, if using, between the containers. Add some frozen grapes to keep the drink cold Serve., ingredients: [12 cup honey, 1 tablespoon dried lavender buds, 3 sprigs fresh lavender, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 4 ounces ice cold vodka, optional, Frozen grapes, for serving], title: HoneyLavender Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 48224: {instructions: Place chicken wings in bottom of large stockpot. Tie together the legs of the chicken with a piece of kitchen twine. Place whole chicken in pot on top of wings. Scatter remaining ingredients around chicken and pour on the wine. Add cold water to cover chicken generously, by about 3 inches. Bring pot to a simmer over high heat, then skim any foam that may have accumulated on the surface with a ladle and reduce the heat to low. Cook at a bare simmer for 1 hour, skimming foam and fat frequently and regulating the heat so the stock does not boil. After 1 hour, remove the whole chicken and let it cool enough to be handled. Cut apart the chicken and remove the meat reserve for another use. Throw out large pieces of skin and return the bones to the still simmering stockpot. Continue to barely simmer the stock 2 hours. Strain through a coarse sieve into a large metal bowl and cool 2 hours at room temperature, then refrigerate uncovered until chilled. Cover and store up to 2 days before either using or reducing and freezing.nTo reduce and freeze, remove any congealed fat from the cold stock then empty it into a large saucepan or Dutch oven. Bring to a boil over high heat then lower heat to medium and reduce stock at a lively simmer until half the original volume. Skim as necessary. When well reduced, allow to cool then pour through fine mesh strainer into small freezer containers, label and freeze. To use, add an equal quantity of water to the thawed chicken stock.nMaking excellent stock requires paying attention to a few simple rules. To ensure clear stock, use cold water, skim frequently, and never let the stock boil, which would incorporate fat and particles in the liquid. Keep the stock at just barely a simmer so that it smiles, bubbling gently and occasionally. In this manner your chicken meat will be tender and moistly poached as well. Use plenty of aromatic vegetables to give the stock a good flavor base, and use a large stewing hen which has more flavor than younger birds. Extra chicken wings enhance the stock.nThis recipe yields about 46 quarts of stock depending on how rich you like it, as well as a good amount of poached chicken meat. Use it for chicken salad or tacos, etc., or freeze it to use when you reconstitute the broth and turn it into an improvised soup., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken wings, 1 plump 4 pound chicken, ideally free range organic, 3 medium onions, peeled and cut into chunks, 3 ribs celery, cut into chunks, 3 carrots, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 whole leek, split lengthwise, washed well and chopped, 1 parsnip or small white turnip, chopped, Contents of your stock bag optional, explained below, 2 bay leaves, 10 peppercorns, Several sprigs of thyme, Several sprigs of parsley, 12 cup dry white wine], title: White Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 48225: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 12 cup cupcake tins with silver foil paper liners.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the eggs, cake mix, oil, and chocolate milk. Beat on medium speed for 2 minutes, scraping down the bowl to be sure the batter is well incorporated.nIn a microwave, melt 12 cup of the semisweet chocolate at 10 second intervals. Add 1 cup batter to the melted chocolate and stir well to combine. Place into a plastic releasable bag and cut off the corner. Take a small ice cream scoop and fill each cup with 1 scoop of cake batter, about onequarter of the way up the cupcake paper. Pipe about 1 tablespoon batter with melted chocolate in each batterfilled cup. Top each with another scoop of the remaining cake batter.nBake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely on a wire cooling rack.nTo make the icing, heat the cream in a saucepan over low heat to a simmer. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining chocolate chips until completely combined. While still slightly warm, dip the tops of the cupcakes in the chocolate icing. Place on a wire cooling rack, sprinkle with dragees, and allow the icing to set., ingredients: [3 eggs, 1 18 14ounce box milk chocolate cake mix, 13 cup canola or vegetable oil, 1 14 cups chocolate milk, 1 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, divided, 12 cup heavy cream, Small silver dragees, for decorating], title: Milk Chocolate Cupcakes with Dark Chocolate Icing, picturelink: kAk2xL08CO6nIEVpvMbqvgTDYc1tzJ.}, 48226: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan, bring maple syrup to a boil over medium heat just until syrup thickens. Meanwhile, in a bowl, beat eggs lightly with milk and salt.nWhen syrup has thickened, reduce heat to low. Using a wooden spoon, drop spoonsful of the egg mixture into hot syrup. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until eggs are set. Immediately remove saucepan from heat and place it in a larger pan of cold water to cool slightly. Spoon eggs into serving bowls and drizzle with syrup.nNote: Sometimes a teaspoonful of butter is dropped into the syrup before the eggs., ingredients: [2 cups pure maple syrup, 3 eggs, 13 cup milk, Pinch salt], title: Oeufs Dans le Sirop dErable Eggs in Maple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 48227: {instructions: Heat the sesame oil in a large saucepan, over medium heat. Add the ginger and garlic and saute until you can smell the aroma of the garlic, about 20 seconds. Add the broth to the saucepan with the water, vinegar, soy sauce, sugar and mushrooms. Cover and bring the liquid to a boil over high heat. Reduce to a simmer and cook over moderate heat until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the bamboo shoots and chicken to the broth, bring the liquid back to a simmer and cook, over low heat until the chicken is cooked through. Add the peas and simmer 3 minutes longer or until heated through. Season to taste with salt and serve the hot sauce on the side if you wish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 quartersize slice fresh ginger or 12 teaspoon dried, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 cups chicken or vegetable broth, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sugar, 10 ounces mushrooms, wiped clean, trimmed and thinly sliced, 1 can 8 ounces sliced bamboo shoots, drained, 12 to 1 pound package frozen cubed chicken breasts, 10 ounces package thawed frozen petite peas, Salt, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, or Oriental chili paste with garlic], title: Hot and Sour Soup, picturelink: null}, 48228: {instructions: Add the milk, heavy cream, vanilla bean seeds and vanilla bean to a heavybottomed saucepan. Set over medium heat and bring to a very low simmer. Keep an eye on it and stir often while you prepare the egg yolks.nMeanwhile, add the yolks, sugar and salt to a large bowl and whisk until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the olive oil and beat vigorously for another minute or so until its completely emulsified.nSlowly ladle in about 1 cup of the hot milk mixture into the eggs and olive oil, whisking the whole time. This is called tempering  its getting the yolks used to the hot temperature of the milk and preventing them from scrambling. Add the tempered eggs back into the milk in the saucepan and stir until it thickens just slightly and coats the back of a spoon. This should take about 5 minutes.nStrain the custard through a fine mesh strainer into an 8cup measuring cup. Let cool, and then cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge. You want the mixture to cool down completely and be well chilled before you run it in your ice cream machine. You can make this the night before.nFreeze the ice cream according to manufacturers instructions  you should let it run about 30 minutes  until it looks like soft serve. Then place the ice cream back into the freezer until firm, another hour. Keep in mind that gelato is softer than ice cream., ingredients: [2 34 cups milk, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, seeded, 7 large egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 34 cup good extravirgin olive oil], title: Olive Oil Gelato, picturelink: null}, 48229: {instructions: Heat the oil in a skillet over high heat. Sprinkle the fillets with salt and pepper on both sides. Place the fillets into the skillet and sear until golden brown. Turn the fillets over and continue cooking for 4 to 5 minutes for mediumrare doneness. Remove the fillets to a plate. Remove all but 1 12 tablespoons of the fat in the skillet and return to high heat. Add the mushrooms and shallots, and season with salt and pepper. Cook until golden brown and their liquid has evaporated. Add the red wine and cook until reduced by half. Add the stock and cook until reduced by half. Whisk in the butter and mustard and cook for 30 seconds. Taste and season with salt and pepper if needed. Garnish with the parsley.nTop the nowrested fillets with the sauce and taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 beef fillet steaks about 6 ounces each, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, cleaned, stemmed and thinly sliced, 12 shallot, finely diced, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup beef stock, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Tenderloin of Beef in Mushroom, Mustard and Red Wine Sauce, picturelink: 0ca57r2n4a1Zipk9whZXYtczLHQnqZy}, 48230: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Season the hens all over with salt and pepper, place on a rack in a roasting pan and roast 15 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the chili sauce, lime juice, brown sugar, olive oil and 2 teaspoons salt in a measuring cup to dissolve the sugar. Set half of the mixture aside in a bowl for the salad. Baste the hens with some of the remaining dressing, then rotate the pan and continue to cook until the hens are golden and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 160 degrees F, about 20 more minutes.nMeanwhile, peel and thinly slice the cantaloupe and shallot. Peel the cucumber, then halve lengthwise, seed and thinly slice. Toss the cantaloupe, shallot and cucumber with the reserved dressing. Divide the salad among plates. Use kitchen shears to cut each hen in half and place one half on each plate. Drizzle the pan juices over the hens and salad.nPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 Cornish game hens about 1 12 pounds each, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper., 2 to 3 teaspoons Asian chili sauce such as sambal oelek, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 small cantaloupe, 1 shallot, 1 English cucumber], title: Glazed Hens With CucumberCantaloupe Salad, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 48231: {instructions: Simmer pears, covered in a large saucepan with 13 cup water until tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Drain reserve cooking liquid. Transfer pears to a blender. Working in small batches, blend until smooth. Add reserved liquid if needed. Pass through a fine sieve for a smooth texture. For a coarser texture, mash with a fork. Fill 14cup plastic containers or ice cube trays with puree., ingredients: [3 pounds pears, washed, peeled, cored, and cut into 1inch pieces], title: Pear  Babyfood, picturelink: null}, 48232: {instructions: Stir together peanut butter, instant milk and honey. Knead dough until smooth. If dough is too moist, add more powdered milk. If dough is too dry, add more honey.nForm into critters of their choice, from snakes to monsters. Then decorate the artwork with peanuts, raisins, chocolate chips, and coconut.nStore unused dough in the refrigerator, ingredients: [1 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 12 cups instant powdered milk, 3 tablespoons honey], title: Peanut Butter Clay, picturelink: null}, 48233: {instructions: Pop the mango, while still in the container, into the freezer for at least 2 hours.nWhile the mango is freezing, wash the mason jar and lid thoroughly.nIn a small saucepan, over mediumlow heat, add ginger preserves and cayenne pepper. Once the preserves begin to boil, turn off the heat and pull saucepan off to the side. Stir in frozen mango and salt. When the chutney is at room temperature, pour it into the jar and cover with a lid. Place in refrigerator.nChutney will last up to 1 month in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 12ounce jar ginger preserves, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup prepared chopped mango available in the prepared produce fruit section, 1 pinch salt, 1 1pint mason jar], title: Ginger Mango Chutney, picturelink: null}, 48234: {instructions: Make white and red miso toppings: Put 34 cup white miso in top of a double boiler put 3 tablespoon white miso and red miso in top of a separate double boiler. Add half of yolks, sake, mirin and sugar to each and blend well. Place both tops over simmering water and gradually blend half of dashi into each miso mixture, stirring until thick. Add choice of one of the fragrant seasonings to each topping. Cool toppings to room temperature.nWrap tofu cakes in towels, weight with a dinner plate and let stand 1 hour to press out water. Prepare a charcoal fire, or alternatively heat a stovetop grill or broiler. Cut cakes into 38 by 34 by 2inch pieces. Cut green pepper into same size strips. Skewer each piece of tofu on doublepronged pine needle skewers, or use 2 bamboo skewers. Skewer green pepper the same way. Grill tofu and pepper skewers for 3 minutes per side.nSpread one side of green pepper with white miso topping and sprinkle with choice of garnish. Spread tofu with red miso topping and sprinkle with choice of garnish. Return skewers to grill, misotopped side down, and grill for 1 to 2 minutes, until heated through. Skewers can also be made with choice of other vegetables, meat or fish, such as eggplant, large mushrooms,, ingredients: [Scant 34 cup plus 3 tablespoon white miso, 12 cup red miso, 4 egg yolks, 4 tablespoons sake, 4 tablespoons mirin, 4 tablespoons sugar, 14 tablespoons dashi, Ground toasted sesame seeds, Grated rind of yuzu citron, lemon or lime, Ground kinome leaves, Fresh ginger juice, 2 cakes white tofu, preferably cotton tofu, 1 green bell pepper, White poppy seeds, Kinome sprigs, Toasted white sesame seeds, Toasted black sesame seeds], title: Bean Curd Dengaku with Miso Toppings, picturelink: null}, 48235: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saute over high heat. Sprinkle the fish evenly with the salt. Place in the pan skinside down. Cook until translucent, then flip and add the butter. Cook until the butter is brown, and then add the corn and shallots. Saute for 2 minutes, and then baste the fish with the butter and shallot mixture and remove from the pan. Place the fish on a plate, and spoon the corn over., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, Two 3ounce fillets hogfish, skin on and pin bones removed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons corn kernels, 2 teaspoons chopped shallots], title: Hogfish with Zellwood Farms Corn, picturelink: null}, 48236: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk the yogurt to loosen it. In another medium bowl, beat the cream with 1 12 tablespoons of the sugar until it thickens slightly it should not be thick enough to hold peaks. Fold the whipped cream into the yogurt.nIn a blender or food processor, puree the mangoes, lime juice, and the remaining 1 12 tablespoons sugar. Add more sugar to taste, if desired. Fold the mango puree into the yogurt and cream mixture until they are partially combined.nSpoon the fool into 4 glasses and chill until ready to serve. Garnish with the dates and pistachios, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup labne thick Greekstyle yogurt or sour cream, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, preferably organic washed cane sugar, or to taste, 2 ripe mangoes, peeled and coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, 4 pitted dates, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped toasted pistachios, optional], title: Mango Lime Fool with Dates, picturelink: z2aD6RuvgxY6S8aHXj.L.RC27PkhtOS}, 48237: {instructions: Combine orange, red pepper, scallions, red onion, and cilantro. Add orange juice, syrup, lime juice, and olive oil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Grill the fish fillets for 4 minutes on each side and top with salsa., ingredients: [1 cup diced orange segments, 18 cup finely diced red pepper, 18 cup finely diced scallion, 18 cup finely diced red onion, 18 cup chopped cilantro, 12 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 12ounce mahimahi fillets], title: Mahimahi with Orange Salsa, picturelink: null}, 48238: {instructions: Make sure the fish is super cold this makes it easier to cut and dice it into bitesized pieces. Put the fish and all of the remaining ingredients in a plastic container with a lid and shake it Make sure the fish gets an even coating of lime juice because this is what will cook them. Put the container in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Serve in martini glasses., ingredients: [1 pound ahi tuna fillet, 1 pound hearty white fish fillet recommended: sea bass or red snapper, 1 cup diced mango, 1 cup diced avocado, 2 diced jalapenos, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 13 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar], title: The Good Girl Ceviche Martini, picturelink: null}, 48239: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F.nArrange zucchini on nonstick cookie sheet. Spray zucchini with cooking spray. Combine spices and sprinkle over the zucchini fries. Place in very hot oven and cook 15 to 18 minutes. Serve hot. Top with spoonfuls of chili sauce or taco sauce., ingredients: [2 medium zucchini cut into 14inch square 3inch long sticks  like fries, Vegetable cooking spray, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 1 cup chili sauce or mild taco sauce], title: Mexican Zucchini Oven Fries, picturelink: 7ANok2VpS3dLj69ClRz6XtdR9xQbCKe}, 48240: {instructions: Mix together all ingredients in a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish. Freeze overnight or at least 6 to 8 hours. With a fork, scrape frozen mixture until it reaches shaved ice consistency.nScoop into bowls and serve garnished with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [1 20ounce can crushed pineapple recommended: Dole, 1 11.5ounce can papaya nectar recommended: Kerns, 2 tablespoons frozen limeade concentrate, 1 teaspoon coconut extract recommended: McCormicks, Sprigs of mint], title: Tropical Granita, picturelink: wCgYBf1kVN0ubVva..IGucW6muWOEye}, 48241: {instructions: Zest the orange, then supreme the sections remove the fruit from the white pith completely. Place the orange zest and sections into a food processor and process 34 seconds, it should remain chunky. Place the cranberry mixture, sugar and water in a saucepan. Cover the saucepan and cook on mediumlow, stirring every couple minutes, for 15 minutes. Pour into sterilized canning jars and seal as directed. Label the jars and tie ribbons around them for gift giving.nFollow the directions on your canning jars for sterilization., ingredients: [1 orange, 312 cups fresh or frozen cranberries, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water], title: Cranberry Orange Jam, picturelink: null}, 48242: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large pot over mediumhigh heat with olive oil. Add the onions, carrots, celery and garlic. Season with salt, to taste, and sweat the veggies until they start to soften and are very aromatic, about 7 to 8 minutes. Add the squash and potatoes and season with salt, to taste. Stir to coat the mixture with the oil and cook for another 5 to 6 minutes. Add the wine and reduce by half.nAdd the stock, thyme and bay leaves. Squeeze the orange into the soup and add both halves. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if needed. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer and simmer until the squash is falling apart, about 35 to 40 minutes.  If the liquid level starts to get too low, water can be used to replace it.nRemove and discard the orange halves, thyme bundle and bay leaves and puree the soup with an immersion blender or a blender. If using a blender, cool the mixture for about 5 minutes and carefully add it to the blender. It should be very smooth and velvety. Check the consistency. If it is too thick add water to thin it.nIn a saucepan heat about 1inch of the oil over medium heat. Slice the shallots into thin rings. Just before frying, toss the shallots in the flour. Fry the shallots until they are crispy and brown. Remove to a paper towel and sprinkle immediately with salt.nWhip the cream in a large bowl until it holds its shape in soft peaks, then whip in the cinnamon.nLadle the soup into serving bowls and top with a dollop of the cinnamon whipped cream and fried shallots.nSquashy, ingredients: [Olive oil, 1 large onion, cut into 12inch dice, 1 large or 2 small carrots, peeled and cut in 12inch dice, 2 ribs celery, cut into 12inch dice, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, Kosher salt, 1 large butternut squash, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 large russet potato, peeled and cut into 1 inch cubes, 2 cups white wine, 2 quarts chicken or vegetable stock, 1 bundle thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 orange, cut in 12, Peanut or other neutrally flavored oil, for frying, 2 large shallots, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Butternut Squash Soup with Cinnamon Whipped Cream and Fried Shallots, picturelink: F5C6M5AXKkFfN4NfLZkwuchv0ypWw5m}, 48243: {instructions: Season the chicken with 12 teaspoon thyme, and salt and pepper to taste set aside. Heat the vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, jalapeno and garlic and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a blender, then add the chiles, cilantro and the remaining 12 teaspoon thyme and puree until smooth. Return to the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring, until the sauce thickens and turns deep green, about 5 minutes. Add the broth, hominy and chicken to the saucepan. Cover and simmer until the chicken is tender, about 10 minutes. Garnish with avocado, radishes andor corn chips, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, diced, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large white onion, diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped remove seeds for less heat, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 6ounce cans whole green chiles, drained, 1 cup fresh cilantro, 4 cups lowfat, lowsodium chicken broth, 2 15ounce cans hominy, drained, Sliced avocado and radishes andor baked corn chips, for garnish optional], title: ChileChicken Posole, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 48244: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a mixer with a paddle attachment combine all the ingredients except confectioners sugar and mix until smooth. Roll dough into balls about 1inch in diameter, place on a greased cookie sheet 2 inches apart, and bake for 15 to 20. They should just be turning golden brown. Roll in powdered sugar while still hot., ingredients: [6 tablespoons sugar, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups finely chopped walnuts, Confectioners sugar], title: Rich Nut Cookies, picturelink: null}, 48245: {}, 48246: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, stir together the agave, pepper, salt, allspice and sugar. Add the pecans, tossing to coat well. Spread the pecans in a shallow baking pan and bake in the middle of the oven 15 to 18 minutes. Stir and bake 7 minutes more. Transfer to a sheet of parchment paper and let cool. When cool enough to handle, break apart the pecans.nWhat Makes This Recipe Really Sing: The sweetness of the agave and the strong pepper taste makes this a perfect cocktail nut. These also freeze beautifully. Make a double batch and when people just pop over you have a hidden treasure in the freezer for them., ingredients: [14 cup dark agave nectar, 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups pecans], title: Sweet and Spiced Pecans, picturelink: 6k8z9SqgLFDCxfljCc.KVHYZQRCoIVW}, 48247: {instructions: Combine the 1 cup soy sauce, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, half of the lime juice, ginger, and garlic, and 14 cup cilantro in the bottom of each of 2 large freezer bags. Put 2 chicken breasts in each bag and get them coated with the marinade. Then set the bags on a work surface, force the air out and seal them. Allow chicken to marinade for 1 hour. You can also freeze the chicken right in the marinade at this point. To do so fold each bag over the chicken 3 times, tape them well, and date them. Put it in the freezer for up to 2 months.nPlace a large grill pan on 2 burners over mediumhigh heat, or preheat an outdoor gas or charcoal grill. Fold a few paper towels into a thick square. Blot some oil on the paper towels and then carefully and quickly wipe the ridges of the gill pan or the hot grates of the grill to make a nonstick surface.nRemove the chicken breasts from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Lay the chicken on the hot grill and cook 3 to 5 minutes on each side until charred and firm. Serve with the sesame noodles and cucumber pickles., ingredients: [2 cups soy sauce, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup dark sesame oil, 1 lime, juiced, 4 inches fresh ginger, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded thin], title: Grilled Chicken Breast with Ginger and Soy, picturelink: vJKuEDuOhIO1QPfruV7UG55KgM1kkUO}, 48248: {instructions: Place the tamarind pulp in a large bowl and pour the boiling water over it. Add the sugar and mash the pulp with a fork until blended. Set aside to cool to room temperature. Force the mixture through a sieve, pressing down hard on the solids, and discard the solids seeds and tough fibers. Add 5 or 6 cups of cold water and taste for sugar balance. Add more water or sugar as desired, then serve in a tall glass over ice cubes, garnished with an orange segment., ingredients: [8ounce block tamarind pulp, 4 cups boiling water, 34 cup sugar, or to taste, 5 to 6 cups very cold water, or to taste, 1 orange, peel and pith removed and cut into segments], title: Licuado de Tamarindo, picturelink: null}, 48249: {instructions: In large pot of boiling, salted water, cook orzo per package directions. When orzo is al dente, remove from heat and add frozen peas to cooking water. Let sit for 1 minute.nDrain and transfer to a serving bowl. Stir in remaining ingredients. Serve warm., ingredients: [8 ounces orzo, 2 cups frozen early peas, 14 cup olive oil and vinegar dressing, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 cup freshly chopped mint leaves, 1 4 ounce package garlic and herb crumbled feta recommended: Athenos], title: Warm Orzo Salad with Mint and Feta, picturelink: 4FdijN8BZT6aqz1xagehQOCtzCpge}, 48250: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease the bottom and sides of two 2by9inch round cake pans with shortening. Line with parchment cut to neatly cover the bottom and sides of the pans.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer with a paddle, sift the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Add the eggs, buttermilk, espresso, vegetable oil and vanilla mix on medium speed. Divide the batter between the prepared cake pans.nBake for 20 minutes. Rotate the pans and continue baking until an inserted skewer comes out clean, another 15 minutes. Cool on a rack, unmold and return to the rack to cool completely.nFor the buttercream icing: With an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the egg whites and powdered sugar for 5 minutes. Add the butter and vanilla and beat for 10 minutes, until fluffy. Makes 3 pounds.nFor the caramel icingcrumble: Mix the sugar, buttermilk, shortening, butter and baking soda in a 3 or 4quart castiron Dutch oven over medium heat. Cook to the softball stage 235 to 245 degrees F on a candy thermometer, swirling the pan to keep the ingredients moving.nRemove from the heat and beat with a wooden spoon until creamy and spreadable. Spread on a silicone mat and set aside. When cool, break into a crumble.nTo create the striped filling: Put onethird of the vanilla buttercream into a piping bag fitted with a 13inch tip. Put an equivalent amount of raspberry jam into a second piping bag, also fitted with a 13inch tip.nWhen the cakes are completely cool, pipe a dollop of buttercream into the center of one of the layers. Pipe concentric circles around the first dollop, working outward and alternating between circles of raspberry jam and buttercreamu00bfthis will be your bottom layer.nLightly place the remaining cake layer on top of the piped bottom layer. Use the remaining buttercream to ice the entire cake.nAdd the crumbled caramel by patting small handfuls onto the top of the iced cake., ingredients: [Vegetable shortening, for greasing cake pans, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup extradark cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, room temperature, lightly beaten, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup espresso, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup pasteurized egg whites, 1 pound powdered sugar, 2 pounds salted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup vegetable shortening, such as Crisco, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Raspberry jam, for filling], title: Chocolate Surprise Stripe Cake, picturelink: ZSHLgKMMBRzyY7DHBRCugOLdDfBaBN.}, 48251: {instructions: In a large bowl combine salad ingredients. In a small bowl whisk together dressing ingredients, toss with salad. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [Whole kernels from 4 ears of corn, 1 cup cooked red beans, 1 cup cooked black beans, 1 cup cooked pinto beans, 1 cup cooked garbanzo beans, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 1 bunch green onions, chopped, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 12 yellow bell pepper, diced, 12 small head lettuce, shredded, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 Vidalia onion, chopped fine], title: Corn and Bean Salad with Curtis Chili Dressing, picturelink: null}, 48252: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace brats in a Dutch oven with onions and butter, cover the brats with beer. Bring to a boil and reduce to simmer until brats are cooked. Remove brats and set aside beer mixture. Grill brats until golden brown and return to beer mixture until ready to serve. Serve brats on fresh baked brat buns with sauerkraut, onions, green peppers, ketchup, andor mustard., ingredients: [1 dozen brats, Beer, to cover, 1 medium large sweet onion, 2 ounces 12 stick butter, Serving suggestions: fresh baked brat buns with sauerkraut, onions, green peppers, ketchup, andor mustard], title: Beer Brats, picturelink: T28GFJa7Cox8KXuAPUVjeZQORkDmK4u}, 48253: {instructions: Take your steaks out of the fridge 30 minutes before you want to start grilling, so they can come to room temperature. Prepare the charcoal grill to mediumhigh heat on one side of your grill, and mediumlow heat on the other. You will need just a few briquettes on the cooler side of the grill to maintain the low heat. If using a gas grill, heat one side of the grill to mediumhigh heat and the other to low.nWhen the grill is hot and ready to go, brush the grill grates with some olive oil. Season the steaks generously with salt and pepper. Place the steaks on the hot side of the grill for 3 to 4 minutes, then flip and grill for another 4 minutes. Once the steaks have a nice caramelized crust, move them to the cooler part of the grill, and continue cooking for 6 to 7 minutes for medium rare, or 8 to 9 minutes for medium. Remove the steaks from grill, and tent loosely with foil to keep warm. Let the steaks rest for 5 minutes, so the juices can redistribute throughout the meat. Spread steaks with the roasted shallot and herb butter.nGINA: Roasting the shallot gives it a deep, sweet flavor, and the lemon zest lightens the whole thing up. This butter would also be an excellent topping for fish or chicken.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the shallot on a square of foil, drizzle lightly with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Fold up the foil into a little packet, and place in the oven for 1 hour. Let cool completely. Pulse the roasted shallot and remaining ingredients in a food processor until combined but still coarse. Scrape the butter onto a piece of plastic wrap, spread it across lengthwise, and roll into a log. Twist the ends to seal. Place in the fridge to firm up for at least 35 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Olive oil, Four 12ounce ribeye steaks, bone in, about 1 12 inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 recipe roasted shallot and herb butter recipe follows, 1 medium shallot, peeled, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick salted butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Pinch of crushed redpepper flakes], title: CharGrilled Rib Eye with Roasted Shallot and Herb Butter, picturelink: c7iepf2pK4eO4yPZNAHMI8wV90GqEu}, 48254: {instructions: In a heavy bottomed saucepan, over mediumhigh heat, add the grapeseed oil. When the oil is hot add the onion and saute until translucent, 3 to 4 minutes, stirring throughout. Deglaze the pan with wine. Once the pan has been deglazed add the stock, tomatoes, rosemary, and parsley.nReduce the sauce until it is reduced by 40 percent, about 15 to 20 minutes. Once the sauce has reduced, remove from heat and pour through a chinois or cheesecloth into a bowl. Return the sauce to the pan and stir in butter to finish the sauce. Sauce can be held warm until serving or stored in a covered container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon diced red onion, 1 cup Cabernet wine, 2 cups beef stock or demiglace, 14 cup chopped sundried tomatoes, 1 sprig rosemary, 2 sprigs flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature], title: Rosemary DemiGlace, picturelink: null}, 48255: {instructions: In a food processor, mix egg yolk, mustard, pepper, lemon juice, and salt in food processor. Add oil in a small steady stream. Keep chilled.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 13 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 ounce lemon juice, Salt, 6 ounces olive oil], title: Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 48256: {instructions: Line 3 baking sheets with parchment paper. Have 2 small spoons ready for scooping. Bring the cream, sugar, corn syrup and orange zest to a gentle simmer in a large heavybottomed saucepan over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally with a whisk or wooden spoon do not let the cream mixture boil over. Simmer, stirring, until the mixture is thickened and light brown in color and a candy thermometer registers 240 degrees F softball stage, 20 to 30 minutes start by stirring occasionally, then switch to stirring constantly when the mixture starts to stick to the bottom of the pan. Stir in the pecans and salt the temperature will drop at least 5 degrees F to 10 degrees F.nContinue to simmer, stirring, until the mixture begins to pull away from the sides of the pan the thermometer should register 246 degrees F to 247 degrees F. To test for doneness, drop a quartersize amount onto a prepared baking sheet: The mixture should hold a rounded shape and look dull if it runs out flat, continue cooking.nUse the small spoons to spoon about quartersize mounds of the mixture onto the prepared baking sheets. Let sit until cool, set and dry, 30 minutes to 1 hour. If the pralines are still too soft to pick up after a few hours, let them sit in a cool, dry place, uncovered, for 1 or 2 days. Once dry, store in an airtight container for up to 1 week.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 quart heavy cream, 2 14 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, Grated zest of 1 medium orange optional, 1 12 cups chopped pecans, Pinch of salt], title: New OrleansStyle Pralines, picturelink: 252YUb.GrnOEkpJWftDVQVWCcLTzS}, 48257: {instructions: In a very large pot combine beer and lemon with 3 cups water. In a coffee grinder or spice mill, grind spices to a coarse powder add to pot. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, reduce heat to medium and simmer vigorously, 10 minutes. Add crabs and cover pot tightly. Bring to a boil and simmer 8 minutes. Serve on lots of newspapers with a small hammer, picks and lemon., ingredients: [24 ounces beer 2 bottles, 1 lemon, quartered, 1 12 tablespoons black peppercorns, 1 small dried red chili, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons brown mustard seeds, 14 teaspoon whole allspice, 4 cloves, 4 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon celery seed, 2 teaspoons dill seed, 1 dozen blue crabs such as Maryland Blues], title: Spicy Crab Boil, picturelink: null}, 48258: {instructions: In a blender, combine the rice and warm water. Blend for 1 to 2 minutes until the rice breaks up but does not form a powder. Let the rice mixture stand in the refrigerator for 6 hours or up to overnight.nStrain the rice mixture into a container through a finemesh sieve or several layers of cheesecloth to remove the rice solids.nPour the rice water into a blender and add the milk, vanilla and almond extracts, cinnamon, and sugar. Blend for 1 minute until well combined and smooth. Serve the horchata over ice with cinnamon sticks as stirrers., ingredients: [1 cup uncooked long grain white rice, 1 quart warm water, 12 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup sugar, Whole cinnamon sticks, optional, for serving], title: Horchata, picturelink: kSB6evJu32Ih6Fpx5R.8GSaSmLKuGlG}, 48259: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn small saucepan, bring the water and sugar to a boil over medium highheat. Simmer until the sugar has dissolved completely. Set aside to cool.nPut the chilelime powder on a small plate. Using the lime wedge, moisten the rims of the martini glasses. Invert the martini glasses into the chilelime powder, to coat the rims.nIn a blender, combine the simple syrup, cucumber, water, and lime juice until smooth. Strain the mixture into a pitcher. Add the vodka and mix well. Fill a martini shaker with ice and add about 1 cup of the prepared cucumber mixture. Shake well and serve., ingredients: [14 cup water, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 lime, cut into wedges, Chilelime powder recommended: Tajin, or salt, 2 cucumbers, peeled, thinly sliced, 4 cups water, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup vodka, Ice], title: Mexican Cucumber Martinis, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 48260: {instructions: Pregame prep: If you purchase your seafood more than 1 day prior to your tailgate, clean and freeze the fresh seafood items, with the exception of the scallops. Store the mussels and clams together, and the shrimp separately. The night before your tailgate, move frozen seafood to the refrigerator. Prepare and store in separate plastic bags the following ingredients: 1 chicken breasts, washed and patted dry, 2 onions and yellow pepper chopped, 3 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 4 measure out the rice. Game Day: Pack food on ice for transport. Once at the tailgate location, light the grill in the direct method. Brush the chorizo, chicken, and lobster tails with olive oil. When the grill is hot, cook in the following order turning occasionally: 1 chorizo sausages 15 to 20 minutes 2 lobster tails 15 minutes 3 chicken breast 10 minutes.nAs meat comes off the grill, chop the sausage, chicken and shelled lobster into 1inch chunks and set aside.nPlace an extra large skillet or paella pan on a propane burner or the grill and heat 14 cup of olive oil. Saute the yellow peppers and onions. When the onions are translucent, stir in garlic, add rice, and saute for five minutes. Add 6 cups of chicken stock, tomatoes, saffron, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil. Stir in chicken, lobster, and sausage. Reduce paella to a simmer as the fire subsides or turn the propane burner down to medium low. Simmer for 30 to 40 minutes stirring occasionally to keep from burning.nTest the rice. If needed, add an additional 1 to 2 cups of chicken broth stir and simmer another 10 minutes. When rice is cooked, stir the frozen peas, shrimp, and scallops into the skillet. Layer the mussels and clams on top, and cook until the mussels and clams open approximately 5 to 10 minutes. Stir before serving., ingredients: [1 pound. or 4 6inch chorizo sausages, 3 pounds skinned and boned chicken breasts, 2 lobster tails, 1 pound medium shrimp, 12 pound small to medium scallops, 12 Cherrystone clams, washed, 12 mussels, washed and debearded, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 large sweet yellow peppers, chopped, 2 large Spanish or Vidalia onions, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, pressed or minced, 2 cups uncooked short grain rice, 8 cups chicken stock, 4 large tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 12 teaspoon saffron, ground into small pieces, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 10 ounces frozen pea], title: Paella, picturelink: null}, 48261: {instructions: Special equipment: icecream makernRender the bacon in a heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat until crispy. Transfer the grease to the refrigerator, chilling until the fat solidifies. Leave half the bacon the pot, and reserve the other half.nAdd the bourbon to the pot with the bacon and simmer until reduced by twothirds. Stir in the cream, milk, 12 cup sugar, the vanilla and a pinch of salt and remove from the heat. Cover with plastic and cool for 1 hour. Strain and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the reserved bacon with 14 cup sugar and the brown sugar. Spread the sugared bacon on a baking sheet and bake until the sugar melts and caramelizes. Set aside to cool.nWhip the eggs until the volume has doubled in a stand mixer set on high speed. Add the remaining 14 cup sugar, a pinch of salt and 1 to 2 tablespoons of the cooled and rendered fat. Beat on high for 1 minute. Reduce the speed to low and slowly incorporate the cooled bourbon and milk mixture, mixing just to combine.nPour into an icecream maker and churn according to manufacturers instructions. Freeze until firm, 1 to 2 hours. Scoop and garnish with the bacon sweets. Ah yum. Then sit down with a spoon and EAT IT. Do not share., ingredients: [2 pounds smoked slab bacon, diced, 12 bottle good quality bourbon, 3 cups heavy cream, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla paste or 2 vanilla beans, split and scraped preferably bourbon vanilla beans, Salt, 14 cup brown sugar, 5 eggs], title: Bacon Bourbon Ice Cream, picturelink: 3ZMTgkyUXCLNyJsHPBMRf8JjFa9CTAW}, 48262: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 48263: {instructions: Position an oven rack about 4 inches away from the broiler heat source, and preheat. Bring 1 12 cups water, the butter and 12 teaspoon salt to a simmer in a covered medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Remove from the heat, quickly stir in the couscous and let stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Fluff the couscous with a fork, stir in the dill, cover and set aside.nMeanwhile, toss the chicken, tomatoes, lemon zest and juice, olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, oregano and 12 teaspoon pepper together on a rimmed baking sheet. Unfold the chicken thighs so theyre covered with the marinade, and lay them as flat as possible. Broil until the chicken is cooked through and browned, 10 to 12 minutes, rotating the pan and flipping the tomatoes and chicken halfway through.nTransfer two chicken thighs and a few tomatoes to each plate. Stir the pan juices into the dilled couscous. Place 1 14 cups of couscous on each plate, and top with a scoop of chopped cucumbers, a dollop of yogurt and a lemon wedge., ingredients: [1 teaspoon unsalted butter, Kosher salt, 1 14 cups couscous, 1 cup loosely packed dill fronds, chopped, 8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, trimmed, 1 cup grape tomatoes, each pierced halfway through with a paring knife, Zest of 2 lemons, plus juice of 3 lemons, plus 1 medium lemon, cut into 4 wedges, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium Persian cucumbers, quartered and cut into 12inch chunks, 12 cup 2 percent Greek yogurt], title: 20Minute Chicken Thighs and Couscous with Dill, picturelink: gcK2mqJbKE7IhW0Z92kDkMzhH3le}, 48264: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Sift together dry ingredients then add egg yolks, oil, water, zest, and vanilla and mix well. When incorporated, fold in egg whites. Bake for an hour. When cake is cooled, slice in half and frost in between layers, on top and around sides.nBeat cream cheese with lemon juice until fluffy. Mash 6 grapefruit sections into small pieces. Add sugar to cheese mixture along with food coloring, fruit zest and blend will. Add remaining grapefruit., ingredients: [2 14 cups sifted cake flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 egg yolks, 12 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup water, 1 lemon, zested, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 8 egg whites, whipped to stiff peaks, Grapefruit Frosting recipe to follow, 24 ounces cream cheese, softened, 4 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 pounds fresh grapefruit, sectioned, 1 cup powdered sugar, 12 drops yellow food coloring, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon orange zest], title: Grapefruit Cake, picturelink: null}, 48265: {instructions: Pour grapefruit juice into a 9by 12inch nonreactive glass baking pan. Place in the freezer. Freeze 6 to 7 hours, or until almost solid but still somewhat slushy. While juice is freezing, rake with a fork every hour or so to develop large, snow conelike crystals.nTo serve, use an ice cream scoop, and scoop into glasses. Pour 1 ounce of vodka over each ball. Garnish with mint and serve., ingredients: [4 cups ruby red grapefruit juice, 12 cup lemon vodka, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Frozen Ruby Reds, picturelink: null}, 48266: {instructions: Slowly beat the butter and sugar, in another medium bowl, with an electric mixer until incorporated. Raise the speed to high and mix until light and fluffy, about 5 to 7 minutes. Occasionally turn the mixer off, and scrape the sides of the bowl down with a rubber spatula. Add the fluff and salt and reduce the speed to low. Add the milk and vanilla mixture, scrape the bowl down, and mix until fully incorporated. Raise the mixer to high and beat briefly until fluffy, about 1 to 2 minutes. Use immediately., ingredients: [14 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 5 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup marshmallow fluff, Pinch fine salt, Whisk the milk and vanilla extract together in a small bowl.], title: Fluff Frosting, picturelink: null}, 48267: {instructions: SHRIMP: Soak 8 4 bamboo skewers in water for 10 minutes to prevent burning. Preheat grill to medium heat. Combine all ingredients except shrimp and skewers in a small mixing bowl. Line shrimp up in vertical rows of five, all facing the same direction on a flat surface. Thread two wooden skewers, one at the headend and one at the tailend, through each row of five shrimp so you end up with a washboardlooking rectangle of skewered shrimp. Place shrimp on a platter and brush all over with garlic mixture. Place shrimp skewers on hot grill and cook 12 minutes per side.nMANGO RELISH: Heat olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Saute onion, garlic and chile pepper until soft and fragrant. Turn off heat and stir in sugar and diced mango. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [20 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 minced garlic cloves, 14 cup olive oil, 2 Tbs. minced shallots, 1 Tbs. chopped fresh parsley, 1 Tbs. chopped fresh thyme leaves, salt and pepper to taste, 1 peeled, pitted and finely diced mango, 2 Tbs. finely diced red onion, 1 minced garlic clove, 1 small Thai bird chile, seeded and minced, 1 Tbs. sugar, 2 Tbs. olive oil, salt and pepper], title: Aussie Shrimp on the Barbie With Mango Relish, picturelink: null}, 48268: {instructions: Add enough water to a medium saucepan to come about 1inch up the side. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Meanwhile, combine egg yolks and sugar in a medium size metal bowl and whisk until smooth, about 1 minute. Measure citrus juice and if needed, add enough cold water to reach 13 cup. Add juice and zest to egg mixture and whisk smooth. Once water reaches a simmer, reduce heat to low and place bowl on top of saucepan. Bowl should be large enough to fit on top of saucepan without touching the water. Whisk until thickened, approximately 8 minutes, or until mixture is light yellow and coats the back of a spoon. Remove promptly from heat and stir in butter a piece at a time, allowing each addition to melt before adding the next. Remove to a clean container and cover by laying a layer of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the curd. Refrigerate for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [5 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 4 lemons, zested and juiced, 1 stick butter, cut into pats and chilled], title: Lemon Curd, picturelink: null}, 48269: {instructions: Adjust oven rack to the middle position and preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Whisk together the flour, baking soda, cream of tartar and 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl.nAdd the butter, 1 cup of the granulated sugar, brown sugar and egg to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or a large bowl if using a hand mixer. Beat on medium speed just to combine, about 30 seconds. Add the flour mixture in 2 parts and beat on low until just combined. Let the dough rest at room temperature for 30 minutes.nWhisk together the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl.nForm the dough into 1 14inch balls about 1 tablespoon dough per cookie. Roll each ball in the cinnamonsugar and coat well arrange on two baking sheets, 2 inches apart. Do not flatten the balls, as they will spread a lot in the oven.nBake one sheet of cookies at a time until the tops look cracked and the center still feels soft, about 9 minutes. Let the cookies cool in the pan for 3 minutes they will continue cooking during this time. Once theyve firmed up a little, transfer them to a rack to continue cooling. Store the cooled cookies in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, Fine salt, 14 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 1 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 4 teaspoons ground cinnamon], title: Snickerdoodles, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 48270: {instructions: In a large stock pot, place chicken in and cover with cold water. Add fivespice, soy, ginger and scallions. Bring to a slow boil and simmer for 20 minutes only. Cover pot tightly, seal with foil, turn off heat and let steep for 1 hour. Season with salt and white pepper. Carefully remove chicken from bones and shred by hand. Add chicken back to strained broth. Keep hot. Add zucchini and carrot spaghetti to hot soup 3 minutes before serving. Check for seasoning.nPLATING Ladle the soup and spaghetti over the hot dumplings. Garnish with chopped parsley.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk and oil. In a mixing bowl, mix together flour, baking powder, salt, pepper, half of the parsley, cilantro, thyme, scallions and shiitakes. With the paddle of an electric mixer on low speed, slowly add the egg mixture till it comes together. Do not over work the dough. Let mix stand for 30 minutes. Using floured hands, form small dumplings about the size of golf balls. Test 1 small dumpling first for seasoning. In a pot of boiling, salted water add the dumplings in 1 at a time and cook thoroughly, about 6 to 8 minutes. Take dumplings out of strainer and place in large heated soup bowls., ingredients: [1 free range chicken, 3 to 4 pounds, 1 teaspoon fivespice powder, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 8 slices ginger, 6 scallions, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 medium zucchini, turned into spaghetti, 1 medium peeled carrot, turned into spaghetti, Salt and white pepper, to taste, 2 eggs, 12 cup milk, 4 tablespoons oil, 2 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 cup chopped parsley save half for garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons Sauteed sliced scallions, 12 cup sauteed and minced shiitake mushrooms], title: Asian ChickenNDumplings FiveSpice Chicken Noodle and ShiitakeDumplings, picturelink: null}, 48271: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nOil an 8inch ovenproof saucepan, and add the cornmeal, water and salt. Stir until ingredients are blended. Place in oven and bake 45 minutes, uncovered. Remove and stir with a fork, adding more water if necessary, then place back in oven and cook an additional 10 minutes. After letting it rest 5 minutes, pour into a greased bowl., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup coarseground cornmeal, 3 12 to 5 cups water 5 for soft polenta, less for firmer, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Polenta, picturelink: null}, 48272: {instructions: Melt the chocolate in the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water, stirring frequently. When melted, remove from the heat and mix in the peanuts and raisins. Drop the mixture by the spoonful onto a sheet pan lined with parchment paper or a nonstick baking mat, or pour into a buttered loaf pan lined with plastic wrap. Let set at room temperature until firm and completely cooled. If using a loaf pan, cut up into squares. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [8 ounces milk chocolate, chopped, 12 cup unsalted peanuts, lightly toasted, 12 cup raisins], title: Peanut Raisin Clusters, picturelink: X.GpZmroQ5HdRfz3jeRyzIbh.vUuiC}, 48273: {instructions: Note: Flan shell can be either pie dough or sweet crustnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine maple syrup, corn syrup, brown sugar, and maple sugar and mix lightly.nAdd whole eggs, egg yolks, and browned butter. Mix until well incorporated. Pour into shell and bake until set for 25 to 35 minutes, ingredients: [34 cup maple syrup, 34 cup corn syrup, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 cup maple sugar, 5 whole eggs, 2 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons browned butter, 1 9 to 10inch baked flan shell see note], title: Maple Sugar Brown Butter Tart, picturelink: null}, 48274: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, toss clean chicory with 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste. Divide among 4 plates, placing mixture in center of each. In a 10inch to 12inch saute pan, heat 4 tablespoons virgin oil until smoking. Meanwhile, dredge pompano fillet and sprinkle with black pepper. Carefully place crusted Pompano in saute pan and cook until golden brown about 3 minutes per side. Meanwhile, roughly chop tomato and put into blender with balsamic, capers and remaining half cup extra virgin olive oil. Blend until smooth.nRemove pompano fillets and place one on each plate over chicory. Arrange peppers vinaigrette around on plate and drizzle with tomato oil and serve immediately.nIn a 10inch to 12inch saute pan over a medium high flame, heat virgin olive oil until smoking. Add onion and garlic clove until softened about 4 to 5 minutes. Add all the peppers and, shaking regularly, cook until quite soft yet still retaining individual texture about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from heat to large mixing bowl and allow to cool.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine balsamic vinegar, marjoram and extra virgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Pour this blend over cooled pepper mixture and toss gently with hands, being careful not to break up the peppers. Set aside for later use or serve as antipasto., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil plus 12 cup, Juice of 12 lemon, Salt and pepper to taste, 4 tablespoons virgin olive oil, 12 cup polenta or corn meal, for dredging, 4 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless fillets of pompano, or sole or trout, 1 medium vineripened tomato, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed and drained, 2 cups Spicy Peppers Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 12 pound chicory salad, washed and spun dry, 4 tablespoons virgin olive oil, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, whole, 4 Italian frying peppers banana shaped, whole, 2 sweet red bell peppers, cored, seeded and cut into 12inch strips, 2 sweet yellow peppers, cored, seeded and cut into 12inch strips, 2 large jalapeno peppers, cored, seeded and julienned, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram leaves, 6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste], title: PolentaCrusted Pompano Salad with Sauteed Spicy Peppers Vinaigrette, Chicory and Tomato Oil, picturelink: null}, 48275: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a 5quart mixing bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, salt, and cocoa. Using the paddle attachment, add the butter and mix just until combined. Incorporate the corn syrup and eggs. Add the milk chocolate and mix just until blended.nChill the dough in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour to firm. Using a 1 12ounce scoop, portion the dough onto a sheet pan lined with parchment paper.nBake the cookies for 12 to 15 minutes. Cool and freeze the cookies.nFill the cookies with ice cream and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups pastry flour, sifted, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 23 cup cocoa powder, 1 cup butter, softened, 1 cup light corn syrup, 4 eggs, 3 12 cups milk chocolate, chopped, 1 quart vanilla ice cream of your choice recommended: Ronnybrook], title: Double Chocolate Ice Cream Sandwich, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 48276: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine mayo, mustard, lemon juice, pickles, parsley, capers and chopped egg. Stir to combine and season with salt, pepper and paprika., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoon chopped pickles, 2 tablespoon chopped parsley, 2 tablespoon chopped capers, 1 hard boiled egg, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, Paprika], title: Tartar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48277: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace sweet potatoes on sheet tray and bake for 1 hour or until soft. Remove from oven and let stand until cool enough to handle.nSplit potatoes and remove the flesh to a medium sized bowl, reserving skins. In another bowl, add brown sugar, butter and cream cheese and the all of the spices and mash with a fork or rubber spatula.nAdd the butter and cream cheese mixture to the sweet potato flesh and fold in completely. Add the filling back to the potato skins and place on a half sheet tray. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [6 sweet potatoes, even in size and scrubbed, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Twice Baked Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: KsYJOe3voy4EloURAsT0IL5npyCzB2a}, 48278: {instructions: Trim the tops and bottoms from the fennel bulbs, reserving a handful of the fronds for garnish. Quarter the bulbs. Set each quarter on its side and slice off most of the core. Cut the quarters into wedges about 1inch thick dont worry if some pieces fall off the wedgeuse those too.nPut 14 cup oil in a large skillet with a tightfitting lid. Place over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Add the fennel and cook without stirring until fennel is brown on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Stir and let the fennel continue to cook until some more pieces brown, 1 to 2 minutes.nAdd 12 cup water to the skillet, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom. Sprinkle with 12 teaspoon of salt and several grinds of pepper. Lower the heat to medium, cover the skillet, and cook 5 minutes.nSprinkle the cod with salt and pepper and place on top of the fennel. Cover the pan again and simmer, adding more liquid occasionally if the pan is dry, until the fennel is very tender and the cod is cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes.nMeanwhile, chop the reserved fennel fronds you should have about 1 12 to 2 tablespoons and remove the zest from the lemon. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the breadcrumbs and cook, stirring frequently, until the breadcrumbs brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat, season with salt and pepper, and allow to cool. Mix the fennel fronds and lemon zest into the breadcrumbs until combined.nJuice the lemon. Roughly chop the olives.nWhen the cod and fennel are done, stir in the lemon juice and the olives. Remove from the heat and let stand for about 1 minute to warm the olives. Transfer the fennel and cod to serving bowls and top the fish with the toasted breadcrumbs. Pour any remaining pan juices over the fennel., ingredients: [2 large bulbs fennel, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 6ounce cod fillets, each 1 to 1 12 inches thick, 1 lemon, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives], title: 30Minute Cod with Lemony Braised Fennel, picturelink: 4QKc7eHijIvsIKtzprNz1N88sy7w0i6}, 48279: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a heavy baking sheet with parchment paper.nFor the vegetables: In a medium bowl, combine the tomatoes, onions, rosemary, salt, pepper and garlic if using. Add the oil and toss until all the ingredients are coated. Arrange the vegetables in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Roast until the vegetables are golden and tender, 40 to 45 minutes. Working in batches, add the roasted vegetables plus any cooking juices and broth to a blender or food processor. Blend until smooth.nFor the pasta: Place the tomato mixture, salt and pepper in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Add the halibut and pasta and cook until the pasta is tender and the fish is cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes if using cooked dried pasta, stir in after the fish is fully cooked. Stir in the chopped basil.nLadle the soup into shallow bowls and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds about 5 cups cherry tomatoes, stemmed, 1 12ounce bag frozen pearl onions, thawed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, optional, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound halibut fillets, skinned, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup leftover fresh pasta, cut into 12inch pieces or 1 cup cooked small pasta, such as orzo, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil], title: Roasted Tomato Soup with Halibut and Fresh Pasta, picturelink: h305rOfyicIGp3TFVo7DVi9w7MFvfT6}, 48280: {instructions: In a small bowl combine all of the spices. Press a heaping tablespoon of the spice mix onto each fillet so that both sides are liberally coated. Allow the fish to sit for 15 minutes at room temperature prior to cooking.nIn a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Once the oil is almost smoking, add the fillets and cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Sprinkle with lemon juice and transfer the fillets to serving platter., ingredients: [3 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon dried ground thyme, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 tilapia fillets, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Big Daddys Blackened Tilapia, picturelink: tHHjzcPBLsQx4EabW63Nn4j3WiU.WEe}, 48281: {instructions: Make the sauce: Heat the olive oil in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and saute until it is golden. Whisk in the ketchup, vinegar, honey, soy sauce, and espresso. Simmer gently for 5 minutes to blend the flavors. Remove from the heat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste and stir in orange zest.nYou should have about 2 cups of sauce. Reserve a few tablespoons of sauce for serving. Mix the shredded chicken into the remaining sauce. Allow to cool, then cover and refrigerate for up to 2 days or set aside until you are ready to assemble.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPrepare the crepe batter: In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs and milk until well combined. Melt the butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat and let it bubble and foam. Continue to cook until the butter turns light brown, then whisk the butter into the milk and egg mixture. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, scallions, salt, and pepper. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture, whisking to prevent lumps. Do not overwork the batter.nThe batter should just coat the back of a spoon. If it seems too thick, whisk in a little milk or water. You should have about 2 cups of batter. Cook the crepes right away, or cover the batter and refrigerate for as long 24 hours.nHeat a 10inch nonstick skillet over mediumheat. Add 12 teaspoon butter to coat the bottom of the pan. Add 14 cup of batter to the skillet. Remove the skillet from the heat and tilt it to evenly coat the bottom with the batter. Return the skillet to mediumhigh heat and cook until the underside is lightly browned, 50 to 60 seconds. Using a spatula or your fingertips, carefully turn the crepe over and cook on the second side for 10 to 15 seconds. Set the cooked crepe aside on a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining batter to make 8 crepes total.nLightly spray the bottom of 2 10inch pie plates with oil. Stack 2 crepes in the bottom of each plate. Spread a single layer of chicken over each stack of crepes and set 1 more crepe over each layer of chicken. Spread another layer of chicken on top. Finish the stacks with 1 more crepe on top of each. Cover each plate with aluminum foil. Bake until warm, 30 to 40 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the slaw. Quarter and core the apple. Using a mandoline or a sharp knife, slice the apple as thinly as possible into matchsticksize pieces. Place the apples in a large bowl. Add the lemon juice and mix well. Add the cabbage, scallions, oil, salt, and pepper and mix well. Makes about 8 cups slaw.nWhen the crepe stacks are warm, remove the foil and invert the pie plates onto a cutting board. Cut each stack into quarters. Place a wedge on each serving plate. Arrange a bundle of the slaw beside each wedge. Drizzle some of the reserved sauce over each plate and serve right away., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 34 cup ketchup, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 13 cup honey, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup brewed espresso, Pinch salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 storebought rotisserie chicken, about 3 pounds total, shredded, 2 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus for more pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 scallions, finely chopped including everything but 2 inches from the top, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 1 Granny Smith apple, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 6 cups very thinly sliced Napa cabbage, 4 scallions, finely chopped including everything but 2 inches from the top, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Crespelli Short Stacks with Shredded Chicken and Balsamic BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48282: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F and adjust racks to the center of the oven. Line an 8 by 8inch baking dish with parchment paper, leaving a 3inch overhang over the sides to use as handles later. Spray the parchment with nonstick cooking spray.nAdd the honey, peanut butter, brown sugar and vanilla to a small saucepan and bring to a light simmer, stirring until the peanut butter is well mixed into the honey.nCombine the cereal, cranberries, pistachios and milk powder in a large bowl and toss all together with your hands.nPour the syrup over the cereal mixture and stir all together with a rubber spatula, working quickly because it will get pretty sticky. Add the sticky mixture to the prepared baking dish and pat down with the rubber spatula. Place a piece of parchment over the top and press down firmly. This will make slicing easier later on. Remove the parchment from the top after pressing and bake in the middle rack until just lightly golden, about 25 minutes.nCool the bars completely in the pan, and then slice into 8 bars., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup honey, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups puffed wheat cereal, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup chopped pistachios, rough chopped, 12 cup nonfat dry milk powder], title: Homemade Peanut Butter Snack Bars, picturelink: 8mi7dcrFkekomqRQHO1mHLFAJgFVNu}, 48283: {instructions: Slice the onion and put it into a slow cooker.nSeason the short ribs with lemon pepper and garlic salt. Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, brown all sides of the short ribs. When browned, place in slow cooker on top of sliced onions.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the remaining ingredients. Pour over the top of short ribs. Cover and cook on high setting for 3 to 4 hours or low for 8 to 9 hours.nCooks Note: Fivespice powder is a blend of ground spices used extensively in Chinese cooking. It usually consists of cloves, cinnamon, fennel seed, star anise, and Szechuan peppercorns. It can be found in the spice section of the grocery store., ingredients: [1 large onion, 4 pounds beef short ribs, Lemon pepper, to taste, Garlic salt, to taste, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cups lowsodium beef broth, 1 packet beefy onion soup mix, 2 14.5ounce cans tomatoes with green pepper, celery and onion, 2 tablespoons fivespice powder], title: Chinese Braised Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 48284: {instructions: Generously salt and pepper the turkey.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a large heavy pot or Dutch oven over high heat. Add the turkey wings and drumsticks and brown as evenly as possible all over. Do this in batches if necessary.nOnce browned, remove the turkey from the pot. Reduce the heat to mediumhigh and then add the onions, carrots, and celery and cook until tender. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until it is mixed in. Then add all the remaining ingredients, except the olives and rosemary, and stir until everything is incorporated. Bring this liquid to a simmer, then add the turkey back to the pot, along with the olives and rosemary, and bring to a simmer. Cook about 3 to 3 12 hours over a low flame at a low simmer until the turkey meat falls off the bone easily with just a little nudge from a fork. Remove rosemary sprigs and serve over hot egg noodles.nNote: During cooking, occasionally check to see if the turkey is getting too browned or dried where not submerged under the braising liquid. If so, stir into the liquid and continue cooking., ingredients: [4 to 5 pounds turkey wings and drumsticks, Salt and pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large onion, cut into 12inch dice, 4 carrots, peeled, halved lengthwise, and cut into 12inch dice, 4 stalks celery, bottoms and tips removed, halved lengthwise, and cut into 12inch dice, 6 ounces tomato paste, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup cider vinegar, 12 ounces ale or good lager beer, 6 to 8 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 cup pitted oilcured olives, 2 large sprigs fresh rosemary, Cooked egg noodles, for serving], title: Braised Dark Meat Turkey over Egg Noodles, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 48285: {instructions: Place the egg, lemon juice, and onion into the workbowl of a food processor and puree. With the motor running, slowly add 12 the oil. Then add the hot sauce, pepper, and salt. Stop the motor, scrape the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula, and with the motor running again, slowly add the remaining oil. Taste and adjust salt. Store, covered, in the refrigerator for 1 week.nDice bacon and bake in 250 degree oven until crisp, drain grease and hold warm.nPlace eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil. Reduce to slow simmer and cook for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and chill in icebath or under running cold water. Peel and dice.nPlace lettuce in bowl. Add  of bacon,  of eggs.  of croutons and 2 cups Creole Mayonnaise. Mix well. Season to taste.nDivide salad onto 4 plates. Garnish with remaining bacon, eggs and crouton. Add shaved Gruyere to top of saladnMix all the herbs in butter. Pour butter over croutons. Season with salt and pepper. Bake in 200 degree oven for 2 hours., ingredients: [1 medium egg, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 medium white onion, diced, 2 14 cups canola, vegetable, or corn oil, 1 12 teaspoons hot sauce, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt, 2 hearts romaine lettuce, cleaned and diced into 1 by 1 pieces, 1 head bibb lettuce, cleaned and diced into 1 by 1 pieces, 16 ounces pecan smoked bacon, 4 eggs, 4 ounces Gruyere cheese, shaved, 1 12 cups brioche bread croutons recipe follows, Salt and pepper to taste., 14 pound melted butter, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh basil, minced, 2 cups Brioche bread cut into 18 by 18 inch pieces], title: House Salad with Creole Mayonnaise Dressing, picturelink: null}, 48286: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, beat the eggs until frothy. Add the milk, maple syrup, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, salt, and lemon zest. Add the bread cubes and mix until coated. Stir in the blueberries. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish.nIn a small bowl, mix together the remaining cinnamon and sugar. Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar over the egg mixture in an even layer. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes until the top is golden and the filling is set.nSpoon onto serving plates and drizzle with maple syrup., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing, 6 eggs, 3 cups whole milk, 34 cup maple syrup, plus extra for serving, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, plus 1 tablespoon, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 lemon, zested, 3 1inch thick slices 8 ounces dayold challah or sourdough bread, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 cups 12 ounces fresh or frozen, thawed, and drained blueberries, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar], title: Baked French Toast with Blueberries, picturelink: null}, 48287: {instructions: For the meatballs: Soak the breadcrumbs in the milk. In a large bowl, combine the breadcrumb mixture, lamb, cheese, mustard, paprika, sambal, garlic, shallots and some salt and pepper. Form the mixture into about 20 small meatballs.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sear the meatballs on all sides until browned. Remove from the skillet and set aside.nFor the sauce: In the same skillet, saute the onions until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic, carrots, celery and chiles and cook for 2 minutes more. Add the canned and fresh tomatoes, the oregano and 14 cup 60ml water. Season with salt and pepper. Add the meatballs to the skillet and simmer until cooked through, about 20 minutes.nDivide the meatballs among plates and spoon the sauce on top. Add a spoonful of goat cheese and sprinkle with parsley. Serve with Naan Bread.nIn a large bowl, dissolve the yeast with the sugar and salt in 1 cup 250ml warm water. Let stand until frothy, about 10 minutes.nStir in the flour to make a soft dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, about 5 minutes. Place the dough in an oiled bowl, turning to coat, and cover with plastic wrap. Let rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nFlatten the dough with your hands. Divide the dough into 8 pieces, each about the size of a golf ball. Roll into balls and place on a baking sheet. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled in size, about 30 minutes.nRoll one ball of dough into a thin round on a lightly floured surface. Lightly oil a castiron skillet and heat until hot. Add the dough and cook until puffy and lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and brush the cooked side with butter. Continue cooking until browned, about 2 minutes more. Transfer to a plate and repeat with the remaining dough., ingredients: [12 cup125ml breadcrumbs, 14 cup60ml milk, 1 pound450g lean ground lamb, 12 cup125ml grated Pecorino cheese, 1 tablespoon15ml Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon15ml paprika, 1 teaspoon5ml sambal oelek, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 shallot, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons45ml olive oil, 1 onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 carrot, finely diced, 1 celery rib, finely diced, 12 fresh red chile pepper, minced, 2 cups500ml canned tomatoes, 4 large fresh tomatoes, diced, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup60ml soft goat cheese, A handful fresh parsley, chopped, Naan Bread, recipe follows, warmed and buttered, for serving, 1 teaspoon5ml active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons30ml sugar, 1 teaspoon5ml salt, 2 12 cups625ml allpurpose flour, plus more for the work surface, Canola oil, for the bowl and skillet, 12 cup125ml butter, clarified or melted], title: Spicy Lamb Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 48288: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nTo make the mushrooms, toss caps with olive oil, ginger, and salt, to taste. Place the mushrooms in a roasting pan and roast in the oven for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove the mushrooms from pan, cool, add soy sauce, and set aside.nIn a medium size mixing bowl, combine the root beer, hoisin, vinegar, mirin, and shallots. Using a wire whisk, beat while slowly adding the oil a thin stream. Set aside.nTo prepare the fish, preheat a saute pan and add the peanut oil. Season the fish with salt and pepper and place in the pan. Saute for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until fillet just becomes opaque. Set aside and keep warm.nTo serve, place fish in the center of each plate. Top with 4 mushroom caps each and drizzle the vinaigrette over the fish., ingredients: [16 shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1ounce fresh ginger, peeled and sliced thinly, Salt, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup root beer, flat, 1 tablespoon hoisin, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon mirin, boiled 10 seconds and cooled, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 12 cup peanut oil, 4 5ounce Japanese yellowtail fillets, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, Salt and pepper], title: Japanese Yellowtail with Ginger Roasted Shiitake Mushrooms and Root Beer Hoisin Vinaigrette, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 48289: {instructions: In a saucepan, mix together molasses, water, brown sugar, fennel, and salt. Bring to boiling point, then gently cook, uncovered, for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and add shortening. Let stand until lukewarm.nDissolve yeast in 12 cup lukewarm water. Add cooled molasses mixture and mix well. Stir in the rye flour. Beat until smooth. Cover and let rise at room temperature overnight, about 9 to 10 hours.nIn the morning add 5 cups white flour, and place remaining 12 cup on a pastry cloth or board for kneading. Turn out the dough and knead until smooth and elastic. Place in greased bowl, cover, and let rise until double in size, 2 to 2 12 hours.nCut dough in half and shape into 2 loaves round is more traditional. Place in 2 greased 9 inch pie pans. Cover with a clean cloth and let rise until light, about 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBake for 45 to 55 minutes. Remove and brush tops with melted butter., ingredients: [23 cup molasses, 2 12 cups water, 23 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground fennel, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup shortening, 1 2ounce cake compressed yeast, 12 cup lukewarm water, 4 cups sifted medium rye flour, 5 cups sifted allpurpose flour, plus 12 cup, Melted butter], title: Swedish Limpa Rye Bread, picturelink: null}, 48290: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse into peasize pieces. Add 1 egg, the lemon juice and 2 tablespoons ice water and pulse until the dough clumps together but has not yet formed a ball, gradually adding up to 1 tablespoon more ice water as needed. Turn out the dough onto a piece of plastic wrap press into a disk and wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.nMake the filling: Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the apples, 2 tablespoons sugar and the ginger. Cook, stirring, until just softened, about 5 minutes. Let cool. Toss the blackberries with the remaining 13 cup sugar, the cornstarch, vanilla and lemon zest in a large bowl. Add the cooled apples and gently toss to combine.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Transfer the dough to the prepared baking sheet and refrigerate 10 minutes.nSpoon the fruit mixture onto the dough, leaving a 2inch border. Fold the edge of the dough over the fruit by about 2 inches, pleating as needed.nLightly beat the remaining egg with 1 teaspoon water. Brush the dough with the egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 40 minutes. Microwave the jelly in a small heatproof bowl until melted, about 45 seconds. Brush over the fruit. Let cool on the baking sheet.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg, plus 1 egg for brushing, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 Golden Delicious apples about 1 12 pounds, peeled and cut into 14inchthick slices, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 cups blackberries about 10 ounces, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons apple jelly], title: AppleBlackberry Galette, picturelink: 5z0M9xmuLiiJAAE8Uw9Vi8xLbKPrlUm}, 48291: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine flours, baking powder, and sugar in a bowl. Cut in butter until mixture resembles fine crumbs. Beat cream and egg yolk together and add to dry ingredients. Stir with a fork just until dry ingredients are moistened.nGently fold in blueberries with rubber scraper. Turn out on a floured surface and knead gently about six times to form a ball. Pat dough into a circle about 34inch thick. Carefully place on greased baking sheet. Mark off eight wedges with a sharp knife. Be careful not to cut all the way through. Sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 20 minutes or until browned.nBreak into wedges and serve hot with butter., ingredients: [1 cup whole wheat flour, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 14 cup sugar, 13 cup butter or margarine, 34 cup light cream, 1 egg yolk, 1 cup fresh blueberries], title: Blueberry Scones, picturelink: null}, 48292: {instructions: Special equipment: Parchment papernPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRip off 4 sheets of parchment paper, each a little over a foot long.nMake layered stacks dividing the fennel, onions, garlic, olives, and cod among the parchment pieces, working in the center of each piece of paper. Season the cod with salt and pepper and top with parsley. Drizzle extravirgin olive oil liberally over the fish portions. Fold the top and bottom edges together and crease several times then crease up the ends of the packets. Arrange the packets on the baking sheet and place in the center of the hot oven.nBake packets 20 minutes. Serve a packet per dinner plate and cut open at table. Cut lemon into wedges and serve to squeeze down over the hot fish. Pass bread to mop up the cooking juices in the sack., ingredients: [1 bulb fennel, cored and thinly sliced, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 4 large cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup pitted and chopped good quality black and green olives, 2 pounds cod fillets, cut into 4 portions get thick pieces from the center cuts rather than tailend pieces, Salt and pepper, 14 cup flatleaf parsley, a generous handful, chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, for generous drizzling, 1 lemon, Crusty bread, to pass at table], title: Cod in a Sack with Fennel and Onion, picturelink: iFI.84D8jTHvTwKHWQz49isx22tIWyu}, 48293: {instructions: Bring a medium saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil and add the fennel. Cook for 1 minute. Drain, rinse under cold water, and drain again. Place in a bowl and add the Tomato Confit, olives, and capers. Mix well and set aside.nIn a small bowl, beat the egg white until foamy. In another small bowl, beat the egg yolk and heavy cream. Set the two bowls aside.nFold each piece of parchment paper in half. Using scissors, cut each folded piece of paper into a wide, plump heart shape each opened heart should be about 12 inches across its widest point. Place a opened parchment heart on your work surface, with the fold running vertically. Leaving a 1inch border, spread one side of the heart with 1 tablespoon anchovy butter. Top with 1 turbot fillet, onefourth of the fennel mixture, 2 tablespoons vermouth, and 1 additional tablespoon of anchovy butter. Season with the salt and pepper mixture. Brush the outside edge of the heart with the beaten egg white. Fold the unbuttered side of the parchment heart over to cover the fish. Using tight interlocking folds, close the edges of the paper heart. Place on a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Brush the tops of the papillotes with the egg yolk mixture. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. You will need 1 large skillet for each papillote. Place 1 tablespoons of oil in each skillet, and heat over medium heat. Add 1 papillote to each skillet and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until the undersides are deeply browned. Transfer the skillets to the oven and bake until the top of the papillate is browned, about 5 minutes.nTo serve, cut open each papillote and transfer the contents, including all the juices, to warmed dinner platesnRinse the anchovies well to remove their salt. Run your thumbnail along the backbone of each anchovy to remove the fillets. Discard the bones and mince the fillets into a paste. Transfer the paste to a small bowl and mix in the remaining ingredients. The anchovy butter can be prepared up to 1 day in advance, covered and refrigerated. Remove from the refrigerator and let stand until softened before using., ingredients: [1 cup julienned fennel bulb, 13 cup coarsely chopped Tomato Confit, 14 cup coarsely chopped pitted Nicoise olives, 2 teaspoons bottled capers, rinsed, 1 large egg, separated, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 4 12inch square pieces of parchment paper, 4 6ounce portions turbot fillets, skin removed, 12 cup dry vermouth, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt mixed with 18 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 whole salted anchovies about 1 12 ounces, available at Italian or Greek food stores, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 18 teaspoon minced garlic, 18 teaspoon freshly ground white peppe], title: Turbot en Papillote, picturelink: null}, 48294: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCook the macaroni until still slightly firm. Drain and set aside.nIn a small bowl, beat the egg. In a large pot, melt the butter and sprinkle in the flour. Whisk together over mediumlow heat. Cook for a couple of minutes, whisking constantly. Dont let it burn. Pour in the milk, add the mustard and whisk until smooth. Cook until very thick, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low.nTake 14 cup of the sauce and slowly pour it into the beaten egg, whisking constantly to avoid cooking the eggs. Whisk together until smooth. Pour the egg into the sauce, whisking constantly. Stir until smooth. Add in the cheese and stir to melt. Add 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon seasoned salt and the pepper. Add any additional spices if desired. Taste the sauce and add more salt and seasoned salt as needed DO NOT UNDERSALT.nPour in the drained, cooked macaroni and stir to combine. Serve immediately while its still very creamy or pour into a buttered baking dish, top with extra cheese and bake until bubbly and golden on top, 20 to 25 minutes.nFry the bacon in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until slightly crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove from the pan and cut into bitesize pieces.nIn a separate pan, cook the onions in the butter over a low heat until caramelized, 20 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.nUse a fork to crumble the gorgonzola.nPut the bacon, caramelized onions and crumbled gorgonzola into separate bowls. Serve as delicious toppings for both sliders and macaroni cheese., ingredients: [4 cups dried macaroni, 1 whole egg, 12 stick 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups whole milk, 2 heaping teaspoons dry mustard more if desired, 1 pound sharp Cheddar, grated not pregrated cheese, plus more for baking, Salt, Seasoned salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, Optional spices: cayenne pepper, paprika, thyme, 1 pound thickcut peppered bacon, 3 yellow onions, halved and sliced, 3 tablespoons butter, 8 ounces gorgonzola, Cooked sliders andor macaroni and cheese, for serving], title: Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: 2FTPnYfleE.hHZDIDdOd.8l.6m8OWI.}, 48295: {instructions: u0095 Pairs well with Sutter Home Zinfandel.nPrepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh.nTo make the caramelized onions, combine the onion, pepper sauce, broth, vinegar, oil, garlic, and brown sugar in a 10inch nonstick, fireproof skillet, cover with a lid, and place on the grill rack. Cook the onion mixture for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the onions are caramelized and most of the liquid is evaporated. Remove the pan from the grill and set aside.nTo make the spread, combine the cheeses in a fireproof saucepan, cover, and set aside.nTo make the patties, combine the chuck, sirloin, onion, Zinfandel, herbs, pepper sauce, and seasoned salt in a large bowl. Handling the meat as little as possible to avoid compacting it, mix well. Divide the mixture into 6 equal portions and form the portions into patties to fit the rolls.nWhen the grill is ready, brush the grill rack with vegetable oil. Place the patties on the rack, cover, and cook, turning once, until done to preference, 5 to 7 minutes on each side for medium. Meanwhile, place the saucepan with the cheese spread on the outer edge of the rack to warm the cheese mixture just until it reaches a very soft, spreading consistency. Remove the saucepan from the grill and set aside.nDuring the final minutes of grilling the patties, brush the avocado slices with balsamic vinegar and sprinkle with seasoned salt. Arrange on a rimmed nonstick perforated grilling pan coated lightly with oil and grill alongside the patties for 1 to 2 minutes, turning as necessary. During the final 30 seconds, add the bacon slices to the pan. When the avocados are nicely grilled and the bacon is crisp, remove from the grill. When the patties are cooked, remove from the grill, stacking to keep warm. Place the rolls, cut side down, on the outer edges of the grill rack to toast lightly.nTo assemble the burgers, spread a generous amount of the cheese mixture over the cut sides of the rolls. On each roll bottom, place a lettuce leaf, a tomato slice, a patty, an equal portion of the caramelized onions, 2 avocado slices, and 2 bacon slices. Add the roll tops and serve., ingredients: [1 large sweet onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon TABASCO Chipotle Pepper Sauce, 1 tablespoon beef broth, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic, 1 tablespoon dark brown suga, 6 12 ounces light garlicandherbs spreadable cheese, 4 ounces Point Reyes blue cheese or other favorite blue cheese, crumbled, 1 pound ground chuck, 1 pound ground sirloin, 13 cup minced sweet onion, 14 cup Zinfandel, 3 tablespoons minced fresh oregano, thyme, and basil any combination, 1 12 teaspoons spicy seasoned salt, Vegetable oil, for brushing on the grill rack, 12 California avocado slices, Balsamic vinegar, for brushing on the avocado slices, Spicy seasoned salt, for sprinkling on the avocado slices, 12 precooked bacon slices, 6 4 12inch soft Kaiser rolls, split, 6 romaine lettuce leaves, 6 14inchthick large tomato slices], title: Grilled Avocado BLT Burgers, picturelink: jIwF0f74FT39mRNrzENta4iFGHrWG}, 48296: {instructions: In a bowl, mix all the ingredients together. Lay a large piece of plastic wrap on your counter. Spoon the butter into the middle of the wrap, in a long ropeshape. Roll the plastic wrap over the butter, gently forming it into a log, tucking the ends under. Pop it into the refrigerator or the freezer and chill until hard and set.nWhen ready to use, just slice a coin off the butter and put it on top of grilled steaks, fish, or poultry., ingredients: [Sticks unsalted butter, softened, Chopped garlic, Chopped fresh herbs  parsley, basil, thyme, rosemary, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: No Recipe Recipe: Compound Butter, picturelink: 9e.qFVNzDqb5tE3Qwr1Er3c4vjQGpa}, 48297: {instructions: 1. Melt 8 ounces of the chocolate as directed on package. Beat cream cheese, confectioners sugar, nutmeg and extract in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed mixer until well blended and smooth. Add melted chocolate beat until well mixed. Cover. Refrigerate at least 4 hours or until firm.n2. Shape into 24 about 34inch balls. Place on wax paperlined tray. Refrigerate until ready to dip.n3. Coat only 12 truffles at a time. Melt 4 ounces of the remaining chocolate in small microwavable bowl on MEDIUM 50 power 1 12 minutes, stirring after 1 minute. Using a fork, dip 1 truffle at a time into the melted chocolate. Tap back of fork 2 or 3 times against edge of dish to allow excess chocolate to drip off. Place truffles on wax paperlined tray. If there are any bald spots on truffle, cover with melted chocolate that remains on the fork. Sprinkle truffles with nutmeg. Repeat with remaining 4 ounces chocolate and remaining truffles.n4. Refrigerate 1 hour or until chocolate is set. Store truffles between layers of wax paper in airtight container in refrigerator up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 pound white baking chocolate, divided, 4 ounces 12 package cream cheese, softened, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Nutmeg, Ground, 14 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Imitation Rum Extract, Additional McCormicku00ae Nutmeg, ground for sprinkling], title: Eggnog Truffles, picturelink: Rxptg2FQHPh5EiKjkcEDgZbLu0givG}, 48298: {instructions: The night before: Add the buttermilk to a large bowl with the frog legs. Cover the bowl and refrigerate overnight at least a good 10 to 12 hours.nThe day of: Mix the flour, salt and white pepper in a large bowl. Dredge the legs, in the flour mixture, coating them completely. Shake off all of the excess flour. In a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 375 degrees F.nAdd the frog legs to the oil and fry until golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve with the mayo.nIn a large saute pan over low heat, add the wine and simmer to reduce it to a syrup. Cool and combine with mayonnaise in a small bowl. Season to taste, refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [2 pounds 6 to 8 frog legs, split, 1 cup buttermilk, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon ground white pepper, Oil, for frying, 1 bottle Pinot Grigio, 4 cups extraheavy mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Frog Legs with Pinot Grigio Mayo, picturelink: W3c.B3b9V5scxoAhJzUA5utamuqth9W}, 48299: {instructions: Heat a charcoal or gas grill to high.nBrush the halibut fillets on both sides with the canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill, covered, until golden brown on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook, covered, until the fish is firm and just cooked through, another 2 minutes. Transfer to a platter.nWhile the fish cooks, combine 2 tablespoons of the butter and the shallot in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the shallot softens, about 3 minutes. Add the remaining butter and cook, swirling the pan, until the butter is nut brown. Add the orange and lemon juice and zest, as well as the thyme, 14 teaspoon black pepper and salt to taste. Drizzle the brown butter over the fish. Sprinkle orange and lemon zest and thyme sprigs over the top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Four 6ounce halibut fillets, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 small shallot, thinly sliced, Juice and 1 teaspoon zest from 1 orange, plus zest for garnish, Juice and 1 teaspoon zest from 1 lemon, plus zest for garnish, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, plus sprigs for garnish], title: Grilled Halibut with Brown ButterCitrusau Poivre Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}}