{48300: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nCoat the corn evenly with the oil. Grill the corn, turning so that it cooks evenly and grill marks form, 10 to 12 minutes.nMix together the mayonnaise, Sriracha, lime juice and chili powder until smooth.nCoat the corn with the mayonnaise mixture. Sprinkle with the chopped cilantro, if using, and garnish with more chili powder for extra heat., ingredients: [4 ears corn, husks removed, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup vegan mayonnaise or regular mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Sriracha, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon chili powder, plus additional for garnish, 2 to 4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, optional], title: Grilled Corn with Sriracha Mayo, picturelink: el1nyDooIWKNGx.gPgz1a6rWd8t546}, 48301: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a sauce pot over medium heat. Add the orzo and toast until deep golden. Stir in the rice and broth and bring to boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover the pot and simmer for 17 to 18 minutes.nIn a small bowl, combine the tomatoes, onions, jalapeno, cilantro, and lime zest and juice. Season with salt, to taste.nWhen rice is cooked, fluff with fork and stir in the salsa. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup orzo pasta, 1 cup white rice, 2 cups chicken broth or vegetable broth, 4 plum tomatoes, halved, seeded and finely chopped, 1 small onion, red or white, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, A handful cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 1 lime, zested and juiced, Salt], title: Pico de Gallo Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 48302: {instructions: Using a very sharp knife, peel the grapefruit and oranges, discarding the skins be sure to remove all of the white pith. Slice the fruit into 14inch rounds, removing pits as you go. Set aside in a medium nonreactive bowl.nIn a medium nonreactive pan, combine the water, sugar, lemon juice. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean and add the seeds and bean to the liquid. Bring to a gentle simmer for 5 minutes. Thinly slice 6 of the basil leaves and toss over the citrus rounds.nRemove liquid from heat and strain over the citrus and basil. Refrigerate until chilled.nServe the chilled fruit and liquid over Lemon Sorbet or Vanilla Ice Cream. Garnish with fresh basil., ingredients: [1 small grapefruit, 2 oranges, 34 cup water, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 vanilla bean, split, 6 leaves fresh basil, plus extra for garnish, Lemon sorbet or vanilla ice cream for serving], title: Basil Poached Oranges and Grapefruit, picturelink: null}, 48303: {instructions: Lime Dipping Sauce, recipe followsnPut the crabmeat in a large bowl and add the mayonnaise, scallions, bell pepper, ginger, salt, and pepper and gently combine using a rubber spatula. Add the 12 cup coconut and 12 cup panko and gently fold in. Divide the mixture into 8 mounds and form into patties about 3inches in diameter and 34inch thick. Put the patties on a large plate, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate 30 minutes or longer.nWhen you are ready to fry the crab cakes, combine the 1 cup of coconut and 1 cup of panko in a shallow container. Lightly dredge the patties in the crumbs, shaking off any excess. Put 2 large nonstick skillets with over medium high heat. Add about 3 tablespoons of oil to each pan. When the pans are hot, place 4 patties in each pan. Turn the heat down to medium and fry the cakes until golden and heated through, turning once with a spatula to brown both sides, about 4 minutes per side.nTransfer the crab cakes to plates, serving 2 to each person, accompanied by ramekins of sweet chili sauce and lime wedges.nWhisk together all ingredients in a small bowl.nYield: about 12 cup, ingredients: [1 pound crabmeat, drained, picked clean of shell, lightly squeezed if wet, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup thinly sliced scallions, both green and white parts, 14 cup finely diced red bell pepper, 2 teaspoons peeled and grated fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, plus 1 cup more for dredging, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, plus 1 cup more for dredging, About 6 tablespoons peanut or canola oil, Sweet chili sauce, 4 lime wedges, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce, 2 tablespoons water, 2 teaspoons chopped cilantro leaves, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon finely chopped lemongrass, tender white part only], title: Coconut Crusted Crab Cakes, picturelink: nmQ73WPYIK6TZ6vq0HBjAQS3wG2KVHW}, 48304: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGently toss the avocados, tomatoes, olives, chickpeas, parsley, vinegar, olive oil, cumin, paprika, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Crumble the chips over the top and serve., ingredients: [2 ripe avocados, peeled, pitted and diced, 2 ripe beefsteak tomatoes, diced, 12 cup pitted nicoise olives, roughly chopped, 1 cup canned chickpeas, drained, rinsed and drained again, 2 tablespoons roughly torn flatleaf parsley, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces blue corn tortilla chips], title: Crunchy Avocado Salad, picturelink: 3HKbGSjBDb5SUZ0psRpi4Psrz4SCMG}, 48305: {instructions: Bring large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Add asparagus and cook uncovered until knife is easily inserted. Then drain asparagus. In a large skillet heat butter and oil. Add prosciutto and fry until it begins to crisp. Add asparagus and heat through. Transfer asparagus and prosciutto to serving platter and sprinkle with cheese., ingredients: [2 pounds asparagus optional: half greenhalf white, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 pound prosciutto, chopped, Grated ricotta salata], title: Asparagus and Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 48306: {instructions: To make the filling for the pillows ravioli, combine the spinach and goat cheese well and set aside.nBegin the pasta dough by mounding the flour in the center of a clean room temperature work surface like a large wooden cutting board. Create a crater in the center of the mound. Crack the first egg into the center of the crater and add 12 teaspoon of the olive oil. With a fork, gently begin to scramble the mixture within the confines of the crater, whilst integrating the flour from the sides of the crater as you carefully beat the egg. Once the first egg is mostly mixed in, shore up the sides of the mound again with flour, maintaining the crater shape. Repeat the process with the 2nd egg and 12 teaspoon of olive oil, and again with the 3rd egg and remaining 12 teaspoon of olive oil. Start kneading the dough with your palms, allowing the warmth of your hands to impart elasticity to the dough. Knead for a count of about 400 strokes or until you feel you have created a cohesive mass. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and allow it to rest for about 30 minutes.nWhile the pasta is resting, begin the sauce: Combine the milk, onion, bay leaf, cloves, and nutmeg, if using, in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Spoon the melted butter into a separate heat resistant bowl and gradually whisk in the cornstarch, blending thoroughly, then whisk in the Comte cheese. When the milk is fairly hot, pour a small amount of it into the cornstarchcheese mixture, stirring until the milk is thoroughly blended in. Return this to the remaining milk mixture, and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove saucepan from heat, season sauce, to taste, with white pepper, and salt if needed. Remove and discard bay leaf and cloves. Immediately put a sheet of plastic wrap on top of the sauce to prevent a skin from forming.nBegin making the spinachcheese pillows. Have a bowl of water handy to moisten and seal the dough. Divide the dough in thirds. You will be working with 13 of the dough at a time  keeping the balance wrapped in plastic wrap to prevent it from drying out. Divide your first third of the dough in half. Use a pasta machine to gradually roll down each of these sections, successively reducing the setting on the machine until its at the thinnest setting and lay on your floured dough board. Spoon 1 teaspoon of the spinach cheese filling at 4inch intervals on the pasta dough, and top each with a knob of Brie cheese. Dip your fingers into the bowl of water and moisten the area surrounding the spinachcheese filling. Cover the filling with the other rolled out piece of dough and press gently around the filling to seal, being careful not to flatten the filling or tear the dough. Using a pizza cutter, begin to cut the filled dough into ravioli squares. Remove each ravioli to a floured surface, pressing the edges firmly as you do so. Cover the ravioli with a towel and set aside for 2 hours. Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil, add the ravioli and cook for 1 minute. Remove the ravioli with a slotted spoon, drain on a paper towel, and keep warm.nReheat the sauce. Serve pillows with sauce spooned over and garnished with parsley., ingredients: [1 8ounce package chopped frozen spinach, thawed, blanched in salted boiling water and drained or 1 pound fresh spinach, soaked in salt water, rinsed, dried, steamed and chopped, 1 4ounce log goat cheese, crumbled, 1 small wheel 8 ounces Brie cheese, covering removed and cut into pieces knobs, 3 cups bulgur flour, 3 eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons olive oil, divided, 1 cup milk, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, 3 whole cloves, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, optional, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch, 14 cup Comte cheese about 4 tablespoons, cut into pieces Emmentaler or Gruyere can also be used, White pepper, Salt, if needed, 12 small sprigs parsley, for garnish], title: Spinach and Cheese Pillows, picturelink: HKu6ZK10Kz9zLK5yxuY6b8nA0Do4Vhi}, 48307: {instructions: Put 12 cup of water in a blender container with 1 cup of sliced cucumber. Blend. Add more cucumber and blend. Continue until all the cucumbers are pureed.nStrain the cucumber juice of its seeds into a very large pitcher. Add the remaining water, lime juice, and sugar, to taste. Chill before serving., ingredients: [3 quarts water, 3 English cucumbers, peeled and coarsely sliced, 7 limes, juiced to yeild 12 cup worth, 14 cup sugar, or more], title: Agua Fresca de Pepino: Cold Cucumber Drink, picturelink: null}, 48308: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line cupcake or muffin pans with 24 cupcake liners.nSift the flour, baking powder and salt and set aside in a bowl.nIn the bowl of electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and granulated sugar together for about 2 minutes. Then scrape down the bowl and add the eggs one at a time. After adding all the eggs, scrape down bowl and add the milk and dry ingredients. Mix on low until well incorporated. Scrape down the bowl again and hike up from low speed to medium speed for about 20 seconds, and then scrape down the bowl for the last time.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter. Bake for 20 to 22 minutes, rotating the cupcakes after 12 minutes, and bake until the cupcakes are baked through. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the frosting: Sift the powdered sugar and set aside in a bowl.nIn the bowl of electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and cream cheese on low speed. Scrape down the bowl and add the sifted powdered sugar 1 cup at a time. Slowly add the key lime juice and zest until well incorporated. Scrape down the bowl and mix on low speed. Then hike up to medium to high speed for about 2 minutes until creamy and fluffy.nFor the curd: Whisk the eggs, sugar and key lime juice in a steel bowl and set aside while you prepare a double boiler.nPut a small pot half full with water on the stove over medium to high heat. Place the steel bowl with the whisked eggs on top of the pot and mix with a spatula until your mixture has become creamy like sour cream, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the mixture and strain, getting rid of excess egg particles. Grab a second steel bowl and dump your egg mixture inside, adding your zest and cold butter. Mix until well incorporated and place in the fridge until it slightly thickens, 10 to 15 minutes or until desired consistency is achieved.nHollow out the middle of the cooled cupcakes with an apple corer or melon ball scooper and set aside. Fill the cupcakes with the curd. Put the frosting into a pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip. Swirl on the frosting, and then edge the sides in pop rock candies., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks 12 pound unsalted butter, 2 cups granulated sugar, 6 eggs, 2 tablespoons key lime zest, 12 cup milk, 5 to 6 cups powdered sugar, 2 sticks 12 pound unsalted butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, 2 tablespoons key lime zest, 2 tablespoons key lime juice, 3 eggs, 34 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup key lime juice, 1 tablespoon key lime zest, 4 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, 2 cups pop rock candy], title: Key Lime Cupcakes with Key Lime Curd, picturelink: JBvv0UWg8aD78Ovw0NrDOCm7kArAove}, 48309: {instructions: In medium saucepan saute tomatoes in a tablespoon of oil and add garlic. Saute 1 minute, add remaining oil, and simmer 20 minutes to infuse flavors. Can be refrigerated and stored for future use, up to 20 days.nIn a large saute pan heat butter and brown slightly over medium heat. Add shallots until they sweat: do not cook too quickly. Deglaze with brandy, reduce, then add cream and salt and pepper. Add oysters until membranes start to ruffle. Remove oysters and reserve on plate. Reduce sauce for 1 minute longer to thicken.nIn another large saute pan add 1 tablespoon TomatoGarlic Oil and when hot quickly toss arugula until wilted. On a sheet tray, place bottom shells of oysters and add arugula to each as bottom layer. Top with one oyster each and add asiago cheese to top. Flash under the broiler until cheese is golden. Remove carefully and place on a tray with rock salt as under liner. Garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [TomatoGarlic oil, 5 to 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 tomatoes, rough chopped, 1 quart peanut oil, Grated asiago cheese for garnish, 1 dozen oysters, cleaned, shucked and bottom shells cleaned and reserved, 3 shallots, sliced thin, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 ounces brandy, 12 bunch chives garnish, 1 bunch arugula, cleaned and 1inch chiffonade, Rock salt, Chives, chopped], title: Oysters Rockefeller Deb Style, picturelink: null}, 48310: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil an 8 by 8 by 2inch baking dish.nWhisk the sauce, mascarpone cheese, parsley and thyme in a large bowl to blend. Cook the tortellini in a large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 2 minutes. Drain. Add the tortellini to the sauce and toss to coat. Transfer the tortellini mixture to the prepared baking dish. Top the mixture with the smoked mozzarella and Parmesan. Cover and bake until the sauce bubbles and the cheeses on top melt, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [Olive oil, 2 cups marinara sauce, 13 cup mascarpone cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 pound purchased cheese tortellini, 2 ounces thinly sliced smoked mozzarella, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Cheesy Baked Tortellini, picturelink: PwOrW1VCJig5f.tqwZm.ABZGtj8eVvy}, 48311: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill pan to high and a soup pot to mediumhigh. Drizzle oil on corn and place on grill pan. Add red pepper to grill with corn. Char vegetables 10 minutes, total, turning occasionally. Remove to cool, 5 minutes. Remove charred skin from the pepper.nWhile vegetables cook, dice chicken. Add 2 tablespoons oil to hot soup pot. Add chicken to pot. Season with poultry seasoning, cumin, salt and pepper. Lightly brown the chicken. Add zucchini, onions, garlic and chipotle peppers. Cook vegetables with chicken 5 to 7 minutes to soften. Add tomatoes, tomato sauce and stock. Bring soup to a bubble, reduce heat to medium low.nScrape corn off cob and add to soup. Chop grilled red pepper and stir into soup. Add chips to soup in handfuls and fold in. Serve soup immediately with scatter of shredded cheese and a dollop of sour cream. Top with any or all of the suggested garnishes., ingredients: [Vegetable or corn oil, for drizzling, plus 2 tablespoons  2 turns of the pot in a slow stream, 3 ears corn on the cob or 2 ears freshfrozen cobs, defrosted, 1 red bell pepper, split and seeded, 1 pound chicken breast tenders, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 13 palm full, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 13 palm full, Salt and pepper, 1 small to medium zucchini, small dice, 1 medium yellow skinned onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 to 2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce medium to hot heat level, chopped  available in small cans in Mexican and Spanish food section of market, 1 28ounce can stewed tomatoes, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 3 cups chicken stock, available in resealable paper containers on soup aisle, 4 cups blue corn tortilla chips, broken up into large pieces, 1 cup shredded Cheddar or pepper jack cheese, 12 cup sour cream, 14 red raw onion, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro or parsley leaves, 1 ripe avocado, diced and dressed with the juice of 12 lemon], title: Tortilla Soup, picturelink: EVXmuupANaa1ixK.eiXrdfrNLhvzGTC}, 48312: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and heat the broiler.nThread the shrimp, fish and scallops onto 4 metal skewers, alternating them. Drizzle with EVOO to coat and sprinkle with a little sea salt and pepper. Broil, turning occasionally, until firm and opaque, 7 to 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 3 tablespoons EVOO in a large saucepot over medium heat. Add the garlic and chile pepper and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the spinach, a few handfuls at a time, and cook until wilted. Season with salt, pepper and a little nutmeg.nArrange the spinach on a serving platter. Top with the seafood skewers and douse the spinach and seafood with the lemon juice., ingredients: [Twelve 12 to 16 count shrimp, deveined, Twelve 2inch cubes sustainable firm white fish, such as halibut, 8 large sea scallops, tough muscle removed, 3 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for drizzling, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 chile pepper cherry, long red or Fresno, seeded and finely chopped, 2 pounds spinach from the farmers market about 4 bunches, stemmed, Freshly grated nutmeg, 2 lemons, halved], title: Seafood Skewers on a Bed of ChileGarlic Spinach, picturelink: 9MHwAwc1GwAnM4pi2ub0hRxV5weoFqy}, 48313: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a blender and blend until frothy., ingredients: [23 cup plain nonfat yogurt, 23 cup cold water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 23 ice cubes], title: Sweet Lassi, picturelink: null}, 48314: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the dried apricots with the rum. Bring this to a boil, cover and simmer for 1 minute. Let apricots cool in the pot, covered.nIn a mixing bowl combine the pumpkin, butter, sugar and spices and chopped nuts.nWhen the apricots are cool enough to handle, cut them into 12 inch pieces and stir them into the pumpkin. Chill the mixture. Whip the heavy cream until stiff and fold most of the cream into the mousse, reserving some whipped cream if you wish for decoration.nChill until serving time. Transfer mixture to wine goblets. If you are serving this to company, then spoon remaining whipped cream into a pastry bag and pipe some whipped cream rosettes into center of mousse in each glass., ingredients: [34 cup dried apricots, 3 tablespoons rum, 1pound can unsweetened pumpkin pie filling, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 12 cup, packed, brown sugar, 14 teaspoon each ground allspice, cinnamon and nutmeg, 12 cup pecans, chopped, 34 cup heavy cream], title: Pumpkin Mousse, picturelink: null}, 48315: {instructions: Bring a mediumsize stockpot of water to a boil over medium heat and add the diced potatoes. Cook until fork tender.nDrain the potatoes and add to large mixing bowl. Add the buttermilk, 3 tablespoons butter, white truffle oil, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper. Whip until the potatoes are mashed. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the sausages from the casing and combine it with the beef in a medium bowl. In a large saute pan, add 3 tablespoons of butter or oil. Add the beef and sausage mixture, the rosemary, and the remaining salt and pepper. Cook over medium heat until well browned. Remove the mixture from the pan and set aside. In the same pan add the carrots, celery, remaining 3 tablespoons of butter or oil and the maple syrup. Cook over medium heat for about 10 minutes. You dont want soggy vegetables if anything, you want them still pretty crunchy. Remove from pan from the heat and set aside.nYou can cook the pie in individual ramekins or bake it in a large glass casserole dish. Either way add the vegetables for the first layer, then the meat, and finish it off with the whipped potatoes, being careful to keep your layers from getting jumbled. Sprinkle with cheese and bake for 15 minutes for individual servings or 25 minutes for a casserole dish., ingredients: [4 cups diced potatoes, 12 cup buttermilk, 3 tablespoons butter, plus 6 tablespoons butter or oil, divided, 2 tablespoons white truffle oil, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, divided, 4 pork sausages, 1 pound ground beef, 1 teaspoon chopped rosemary leaves, 1 12 cups chopped carrots, 1 12 cups chopped celery, 3 tablespoons maple syrup, 12 cup grated cheese your preference: Jack, Cheddar, or combination etc.], title: Shepherds Pie, picturelink: null}, 48316: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine taco seasoning, canola oil, red wine vinegar, and 1 teaspoon hot sauce. Add drumettes and toss to combine.nIn a small bowl, combine ranch dressing and 1 teaspoon hot sauce. Set aside.nPreheat grill. Grill drumettes for about 10 to 15 minutes total, turning occasionally. Serve with spicy ranch dressing and celery sticks., ingredients: [1 packet hot taco seasoning, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce, divided recommended: Tabasco, 4 pounds chicken drumettes, 1 cup ranch salad dressing, Celery sticks], title: Hot Legs with SpicyRanch Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48317: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nButter a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish, and line dish with parchment paper. Butter and flour parchment. Set dish aside.nPlace unsweetened chocolate and 1 cup butter in the upper pot of a double boiler melt over barely simmering water, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine eggs, vanilla, and sugar beat on high speed for 10 minutes. Reduce speed to low, add chocolate mixture and beat to combine. Add flour and salt gradually, beating just to combine. Fold in semisweet chocolate chunks.nPour batter into the prepared baking dish. Bake bars until edges just start to pull away from pan, but the center is still moist, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer dish to a wire rack to cool. Using a serrated knife, cut bars into 24 pieces. Store brownies in an airtight container for up to 1 week.nBrownie Trimming:nWhen serving brownies to guests for dessert, you want them to look perfect. To make sure that no one gets an edge piece, trim the brownies around the edges of the pan so that the sides are even. Then take the trimmings, which are still every bit as delicious as the rest of the brownie, and cut them into small pieces. Put them in a resealable plastic bag and freeze. Later, when serving ice cream, use the crumbled brownie pieces instead of hot fudge for a quick and delectable topping., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for dish and parchment, 1 23 cups sifted allpurpose flour, plus more for parchment, 8 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 5 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 14 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 7 ounces semisweet chocolate, cut into chunks 1 14 cups], title: Brownies, picturelink: null}, 48318: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat the milk, sugar, rinds save the insides for the compote, and vanilla bean simmering until the sugar is dissolved.nMeanwhile place the gelatin in enough cold water to submerge the gelatin completely, about 1 12 cups. Soak the gelatin until softened. Once soft, remove the gelatin from the water, squeezing out excess water. Add the gelatin to the hot liquid and stir to melt. Let cool slightly then stir in the yogurt. Strain the mixture into a clean bowl. Chill over an ice bath until it starts to thicken. Fold in the whipped cream. Pour into individual 4ounce molds or ramekins, or a large mold or ring mold, and chill for 2 hours. When ready to serve, dip in hot water 10 seconds to remove from the molds and turn them out onto dessert plates.nTo make the compote, place the blueberries, sugar, orange juice and lemon juice in a saucepan and bring just to a boil. Stir the fruit once, turn off the heat and let it stew on its own for 5 minutes. Serve cold or at room temperature, spooned around the panna cotta., ingredients: [12 cups milk, 1 cup sugar, 12 orange, zest peeled in a strip and juiced, 12 lemon, zest peeled in a strip and juiced, 14 vanilla bean, split, 4 sheets gelatin, 34 cup live active cultured yogurt no starch or gelatin types, 1 12 cups heavy cream, whipped, 1 pint blueberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Yogurt Panna Cotta with Blueberry Compote, picturelink: KEZhE2xnnmqjNTOE72ZgZanZiwI3lci}, 48319: {instructions: Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, yeast, and salt in a large bowl. Cut in the shortening and 14 cup butter pats until peasize bits remain. Add the milk and gently stir until combined. The dough will be wet.nTransfer the dough to a wellfloured surface and gently pat into a 9inch round that is 1inch thick. Cut the dough into 2inch rounds using a cookie cutter. Transfer the rounds to a parchment paperlined baking sheet that has been lightly coated with cooking spray. Cover with a clean kitchen towel and let sit at room temperature for 1 hour. Remove the towel and cover with plastic wrap and place in the freezer for 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nCooks Note: The longer the biscuits stay in the freezer, the lighter and fluffier they become. You can make ahead and just bake off a few as you need them.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Brush the tops of the biscuits with the heavy cream and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and brush the tops with the melted butter. Let cool slightly, then sprinkle the top with black pepper and slice open.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the unsalted butter in a small 6inch nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat until it begins to sizzle. Add one egg at a time, season top with salt and pepper and cook until the white is set, gently flip over and continue cooking for another minute or so. Flip so the top side is up. Place a few slices of ham on the bottom biscuit and top with the egg, place the other half of the biscuit on top and serve immediately.nCooks Note: Its American prosciutto .nBlackberry topping:nMacerate the berries with the sugar in a bowl for about 30 minutes. Put some of the berries on the bottom half of the biscuit. Add whipped cream and top with the other half of the biscuit., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons instant yeast, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 14 cup vegetable shortening, 14 cup 12 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pats, 1 cup milk, at room temperature, Cooking spray, to coat, 14 cup heavy cream, for brushing on top, 4 tablespoons unsalted melted butter, for brushing on top, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces 14 pound country ham, sliced paper thin, Sweet variation: Whipped cream and blackberry topping, recipe below, 1 cup fresh blackberries, 12 cup sugar, Whipped cream, to top], title: Country Ham and Fried Egg on Angel Biscuits, picturelink: JKKxvurg7s4DXBIIqldJtb8GMHK8Rq}, 48320: {instructions: Combine the paprika, cumin, coriander, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. Season the pork chops all over with 1 tablespoon of the spice mixture set aside the remaining spice mixture.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork chops and cook until browned on both sides, about 3 minutes remove to a plate. Reduce the heat to medium and add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet. Stir in the onion and greens. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion starts softening and the greens wilt, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle with the remaining spice mixture and stir to combine.nAdd 2 cups water, the maple syrup, beans, tomato paste and vinegar to the skillet. Bring to a simmer, then nestle the pork chops in the mixture. Simmer until the pork is just cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes remove to a plate. Increase the heat to medium high and simmer until the greens are tender and the sauce thickens, 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with the pork chops.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 bonein pork chops 1 inch thick about 6 ounces each, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, sliced, 1 5ounce package mixed hearty greens such as kale, spinach andor collards about 5 cups, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 2 15ounce cans small white beans, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar], title: Spiced Pork Chops with MapleBraised Greens, picturelink: mqXybd3nspMn6ynfdGJtm3s4nfK9T2}, 48321: {instructions: Special equipment: six 4ounce ovensafe glass ramekins or jelly jarsnFor the baked yogurt: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nWhisk the sour cream, creme fraiche, condensed milk and vanilla seeds in a medium bowl. Divide the honey among six 4ounce ovensafe glass ramekins or jelly jars. Divide the sour cream mixture evenly among the ramekins and bake until just set, about 20 minutes. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 30 minutes.nFor the tropical fruit compote: Combine the pineapple, mango puree, dried mango, dried papaya, bananas, brown sugar, granulated sugar and vanilla seeds in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and cook until the juices are thick and the fruit is translucent, about 30 minutes. Cool until warm, 20 to 30 minutes.nTo serve: Top each baked yogurt with a heaping spoon of the tropical fruit compote and an edible flower and serve., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 1 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, 1 vanilla bean, halved and seeds scraped, 6 tablespoons honey, 2 cups diced fresh pineapple, 1 cup mango puree, 12 cup diced dried mango, 12 cup diced dried papaya, 12 cup diced banana, 12 cup brown sugar not packed, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, halved and seeds scraped, Edible flowers, for garnish, optional], title: Baked Yogurt with Tropical Fruit Compote, picturelink: eRGgd5APNi4PPkNw1nTFv88GaH3UW}, 48322: {}, 48323: {instructions: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the powdered sugar, egg white product, 1 teaspoon water, peppermint extract and 1 to 2 drops of food coloring, if using. Mix on low speed until smooth. Increase the speed to high and beat until the mixture forms a stiff dough if the mixture becomes too stiff, add extra water, 12 teaspoon at a time and beat until smooth. Put the mixture on a work surface dusted with powdered sugar and roll it into a log about 12inches long and 1 14inches in diameter. Slice the log into 14 to 12inch pieces, form them into balls and flatten into discs. Arrange in single layers on the prepared baking sheets. Let the candies dry, uncovered, at room temperature for 3 hours.nPut the chocolate and vegetable oil in a small bowl and set it over a pan of barely simmering water. Stir until the chocolate is smooth and melted. Dip 1 half of each candy into the melted chocolate and return them to the parchment paper until the chocolate has set, about 3 hours., ingredients: [3 12 cups powdered sugar, plus extra, as needed, 14 cup pasteurized liquid egg white product, 1 teaspoon water, plus extra, as needed, 14 teaspoon pure peppermint extract, Orange food coloring, as needed, optional, 2 4ounce bars 53 percent cocoa dark chocolate, chopped into 12inch pieces recommended: Nestle Chocolatier, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil], title: Halloween Peppermint Patties, picturelink: jVHRRS9zrrlDRjsC76AdnMDpGtIlnPq}, 48324: {instructions: For the Fritters: Heat a large pot or deepfryer with the canola oil to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the baking mix, cornmeal, and sugar. Beat in the eggs and milk until well incorporated. Mix in the corn, thyme, paprika, bacon, melted butter, and salt and pepper.nCarefully drop the fritter batter in hot oil, 1 heaping tablespoon at a time. Fry in batches of 8 to 10 making sure not to overcrowd the pot. Fry until brown and crispy, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the fritters to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Transfer to a serving platter and serve with a side of Spicy Buttermilk Dip.nFor the Dip: Add all of the dip ingredients to a serving bowl and mix together until well blended., ingredients: [4 cups canola oil, 2 12 cups baking mix recommended: Bisquick, 1 12 cups cornmeal, 13 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 cup frozen corn, defrosted, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon paprika, 6 strips cooked bacon, chopped, 6 tablespoons melted butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon grated onion, 1 small jalapeno, veins and seeds removed, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bacon Cornbread Fritters with Spicy Buttermilk Dip, picturelink: null}, 48325: {instructions: Cook rigatoni in a large pot of rapidly boiling salted water until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain well in a colander, shaking vigorously. Cool on an oiled cookie sheet or clean countertop until nearly dry and toss with 1 tablespoon olive oil to coat. Reserve.nPuree chicken, fennel, and egg white in a food processor until smooth, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl nested inside a larger bowl halffilled with iced water. Stir until evenly chilled.nAdd cream, a 14 cup at a time, stirring vigorously with a wooden spoon after each addition, until all is added. Stir in salt, pepper, and hot sauce. At this stage, the stuffing can be stored in refrigerator up to 24 hours.nTo stuff rigatoni, fill a pastry bag fitted with a 4 plain tip with chicken mixture and stuff rigatoni from both ends. Reserve.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTo make sauce, combine cream, Parmesan cheese, salt, and pepper in a medium ovenproof skillet. Bring to a boil. Add stuffed rigatoni, return to a boil, then transfer to oven. Bake until sauce is thick and bubbly, and rigatoni is cooked through, about 10 minutes.nSpoon into serving bowls or plates, sprinkle with chives, and serve hot., ingredients: [34 pound rigatoni, 34 pound ground chicken, white meat only, 2 tablespoons fennel seeds, roughly chopped, 1 small egg white, 1 cup heavy cream, cold, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 dashes of hot sauce, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives for garnish], title: Rigatoni Stuffed with Chicken and Fennel, picturelink: null}, 48326: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat and stir in the salt. Add the potatoes and cook until the potatoes are just tender but not fully cooked, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the water and put on a towel to dry and cool. Once the potatoes are cool enough to handle, cut them into 14inch slices.nMeanwhile, cook the pancetta in a nonstick pan over medium heat until most of the fat has rendered out and they become crispy. Drain on a paper towel lined plate.nDust a flat work surface with flour and roll out the pizza dough until it is 14 of an inch thick.nArrange the sliced potatoes on top of the pizza dough so that the entire surface is covered. Sprinkle a pizza pan with cornmeal and put the pizza on the pan. Drizzle olive oil over the top of the potatoes and put in the oven. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes until the potatoes start to brown.nRemove the pizza from the oven and sprinkle with the cooked pancetta, red bell peppers, red pepper flakes and both cheeses. Return the pizza to the oven and cook until all of the cheese has melted and the top of the pizza begins to brown, about 7 more minutes.nRemove the pizza from the oven and garnish with cracked black pepper and chopped basil.nLet the pizza sit for a couple of minutes before cutting. Drizzle with lime juice and sprinkle with lime zest. Cut and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon salt, 4 cups Yukon gold potatoes, 1 pound pancetta, diced, 12 cup allpurpose flour, for work surface, 2 storebought pizza doughs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing, 34 cup cornmeal, for dusting, 1 cup julienned roasted red bell peppers, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 pound taleggio cheese, sliced, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Freshly ground black pepper, Chopped basil leaves, for garnish, 12 lime, zested and juiced], title: Potato and Pancetta Pizza, picturelink: null}, 48327: {instructions: Filling: In a medium saucepan, heat the milk and vanilla bean to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 15 minutes. In a bowl, whisk the egg yolks and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the cornstarch and whisk vigorously until no lumps remain. Whisk in 14 cup of the hot milk mixture until incorporated. Whisk in the remaining hot milk mixture, reserving the saucepan. Pour the mixture through a strainer back into the saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and slowly boiling. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter. Let cool slightly. Cover with plastic wrap, lightly pressing the plastic against the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Chill at least 2 hours or until ready to serve. The custard can be made up to 24 hours in advance. Refrigerate until 1 hour before using.nPastry: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper. In a large saucepan, bring the water, butter, salt and sugar to a rolling boil over mediumhigh heat. When it boils, immediately take the pan off the heat. Stirring with a wooden spoon, add all the flour at once and stir hard until all the flour is incorporated, 30 to 60 seconds. Return to the heat and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Scrape the mixture into a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or use a hand mixer. Mix at medium speed. With the mixer running, add 3 eggs, 1 egg at a time. Stop mixing after each addition to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Mix until the dough is smooth and glossy and the eggs are completely incorporated. The dough should be thick, but should fall slowly and steadily from the beaters when you lift them out of the bowl. If the dough is still clinging to the beaters, add the remaining 1 egg and mix until incorporated.nUsing a pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip, pipe fat lengths of dough about the size and shape of a jumbo hot dog onto the lined baking sheet, leaving 2 inches of space between them. You should have 8 to 10 lengths.nEgg Wash: In a bowl, whisk the egg and water together. Brush the surface of each eclair with the egg wash. Use your fingers to smooth out any bumps of points of dough that remain on the surface. Bake 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees and bake until puffed up and light golden brown, about 25 minutes more. Try not to open the oven door too often during the baking. Let cool on the baking sheet. Fit a mediumsize plain pastry tip over your index finger and use it to make a hole in the end of each eclair or just use your fingertip. Using a pastry bag fitted with a mediumsize plain tip, gently pipe the custard into the eclairs, using only just enough to fill the inside dont stuff them full.nGlaze: In a small saucepan, heat the cream over medium heat just until it boils. Immediately turn off the heat. Put the chocolate in a medium bowl. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and whisk until melted and smooth. Set aside and keep warm. The glaze can be made up to 48 hours in advance. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use, and rewarm in a microwave or over hot water when ready to use.nDip the tops of the eclairs in the warm chocolate glaze and set on a sheet pan. Chill, uncovered, at least 1 hour to set the glaze. Serve chilled., ingredients: [2 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 6 egg yolks, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, 1 cup water, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, plus 1 extra, if needed, 1 egg, 1 12 teaspoons water, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped], title: Chocolate Eclairs, picturelink: 0J1vVsRUBXlU18O4A4XRuRAdv7noLtW}, 48328: {instructions: Lay 2 tortillas on the work surface. Distribute the cheese evenly between the 2 tortillas. Arrange the sliced tomatoes over the cheese. Sprinkle the scallions and cilantro on top of the tomatoes. Place the remaining tortillas on top of each of the filled tortillas.nCoat the interior of a large saute pan with clarified butter. Gently place 1 quesadilla in the pan. Brush the top with clarified butter. Cook over medium heat until the underside is golden brown. Using 2 spatulas, flip the quesadilla. Cook until golden brown. Cut into 6 pieces. Serve with Tomatillo Salsa.nPreheat the broiler. Place the tomatillos on a baking sheet and broil until they begin to blacken. When the tomatillos are cool, place them in a blender with the jalapenos, lime juice, sugar and salt. Puree. Add to remaining ingredients and mix well., ingredients: [4 10inch flour tortillas, 2 cups crumbled queso fresco cheese, 2 Roma tomatoes, thinly sliced, 6 scallions, julienned, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, Clarified butter, Tomatillo salsa, recipe follows, 10 tomatillos, husked, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 1 ounce lime juice, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 8 scallions, minced, 1 12 tablespoons roasted garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons of roasted red peppers, finely chopped], title: Queso Fresco Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 48329: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and put in cold water. Using a grater or a food processor coarsely grate the potatoes and onions. Place together in a finemesh strainer or tea towel and squeeze all the water over a bowl. The potato starch will settle to the bottom reserve that after you have carefully poured off the water. Mix the potato and onion with the potato starch. Add the scallions, egg, and salt and pepper. Heat a griddle or nonstick pan and coat with a thin film of vegetable oil. Take about 2 tablespoons of the potato mixture in the palm of your hand and flatten as best you can. Place the potato mixture on the griddle, flatten with a spatula, and fry for a few minutes until golden. Flip the pancake over and brown the other side. Remove to paper towels to drain. Serve immediately. You can also freeze the potato pancakes and crisp them in a 350 degree oven at a later time., ingredients: [2 pounds russet baking or Yukon Gold potatoes, 1 medium onion, 12 cup chopped scallions, including the green part, 1 large egg beaten, Salt and pepper to taste, Vegetable oil for frying], title: Potato Latkes, picturelink: null}, 48330: {instructions: Special equipment: Wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnPrepare the grill and let it burn down to medium coals. Core the tomatoes and cut an X through the skin on the bottom of each.nIn a bowl, toss the tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, and chiles with 1 to 2 tablespoons of the olive oil season with salt and pepper. Secure the chilies with metal or soaked wooden skewers so they wont fall through the grill grate. Place the tomatoes on the grill, Xside down and away from direct heat, with the other vegetables. Cover the grill and cook, turning the onions, bell pepper and chiles to char evenly all over, until the tomatoes have softened but are still firm enough to stand on their own and the onions, bell pepper and chilies are blistered, about 15 minutes. Put the pepper and chiles in a bowl and cover to steam and loosen the skins. Let the tomatoes cool to room temperature. In a large, shallow bowl, combine 4 tablespoons olive oil, garlic, vinegar, oregano. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nPeel the grilled vegetables. Cut the tomatoes in half horizontally and squeeze out the seeds into a sieve suspended over a bowl to catch the juices. Finely chop the onions and tomatoes. Return the tomato pulp and any juices from the chopping board to the bowl holding the tomato juices. Seed and chop the chiles. Cut the bell pepper into small dice. Mash the chiles and taste to determine their heat.nAdd all vegetables with garlic olive oil mixture. Mix well before topping pasta or flank steak.nSeason the flank steak with salt, pepper, and brush with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Grill, turning once, until done to your taste, about 10 minutes for rare meat to cook indoors try a cast iron, skillet or bistecca pan. A minute before removing steak from the heat, top with oregano and Gorgonzola. Transfer to a cutting board, drizzle with another 1 tablespoon olive oil, and crumble the remaining 12 teaspoon oregano over the top. Let rest for about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, brush the bread on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the bread on both sides until brown and crunchy on the outside but still soft within.nCarve the meat on the diagonal into thin slices and arrange on a platter or plates, on top of crusty bread. Top with about 14 cup of the Salsa Cruda, per slice of bread drizzled over each portion. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 or 6 vineripened tomatoes, 1 onion, sliced into thick rings, 1 large red bell pepper, 2 jalapeno chiles, 6 to 7 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for brushing bread, Gray salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, Gray salt and cracked black pepper, 1 flank steak, about 1 pound, 4 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 4 large slices bread, cut from a good, crusty loaf], title: Grilled Flank Steak with Salsa Cruda, picturelink: null}, 48331: {instructions: Place potatoes in a medium pot and cover with cold water.nBring to a boil, heat to a simmer. Add a generous pinch of salt and continue to simmer until potatoes are fork tender, about 20 minutes. When potatoes are done, drain and return potatoes to pot to dry slightly. Run potatoes through food mill or potato ricer into pot. Heat milk in saucepan. Add hot milk to potatoes, over heat, until smooth. Add butter and heat until finely textured and fluffy., ingredients: [3 pounds baking potatoes, whole with skin, 34 to 1 cup milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Perfect Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 48332: {instructions: Bring water to a boil in a 2quart saucepan and slowly add polenta, whisking constantly. Cook polenta over moderate heat, whisking constantly, 5 minutes. Remove from heat, add butter, and salt and pepper to taste. On a lightly oiled baking sheet spread warm polenta about 34inch thick and cool to room temperature. Polenta may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Cut polenta into 1 12inch diamond shapes or squares. In skillet saute polenta in 2 batches in 2 tablespoons olive oil over moderately high heat, turning occasionally, adding additional oil to skillet if necessary, until golden on both sides. Transfer polenta as cooked with a slotted spoon to platter and cover. Serve polenta sprinkled with Parmesan., ingredients: [6 cups water, 2 cups instant polenta, I tablespoon butter, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Freshly grated Parmesan, as an accompaniment], title: Sauteed Polenta, picturelink: null}, 48333: {instructions: Place the bacon in cold 12inch skillet. Heat the pan over medium heat and cook until the bacon is crispy and the fat is rendered. Once crispy, set aside on a papertowellined plate. To the leftover bacon fat, add the red pepper and cook until softened, 5 to 7 minutes.nStack the leaves of collards and roll tightly into a cigar shape. Then chop away.nAdd the collards to the pan along with the apple cider vinegar, red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper and cook until tender, but still bright green, 4 to 5 minutes. Adjust the seasoning if necessary. Toss with the reserved crispy bacon and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces bacon, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 to 2 bunches collard greens, washed, stems removed and chopped, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Quick Southern Collards, picturelink: rLJA80B2M8pLR.a744mzoy1lY3QEWSW}, 48334: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCream the butter, then add both sugars and cream until fluffy. Add the eggs and beat slightly, then add the vanilla and beat until combined. Add the malted milk powder and beat until combined.nIn a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda and salt. Add to the butter mixture, beating gently until just combined. Add the chocolate chips and stir in gently.nDrop by teaspoonfuls or use a cookie scoop on an ungreased baking sheet, leaving plenty of space between the cookies they spread out quite a bit. Bake for 9 to 11 minutes. The cookies will be very flat and very chewy. Allow to cool slightly before removing from pan with a spatula.nOptional: Allow to cool completely, then use 2 cookies to make an ice cream sandwich. Add sprinkles to the sides of the ice cream, then wrap individually in plastic wrap., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup golden brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 whole eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup rounded malted milk powder, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 14 teaspoon salt, One 12ounce bag milk chocolate chips], title: Malted Milk Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: bFXA7GiOba6n6wq45oAGG7Oseg8HHS.}, 48335: {instructions: Rujak is a spicy mixed fruit salad found throughout Indonesia. Here I puree it to make a sweet and spicy sauce for meatballs.nFor the meatballs: Add the shrimp, onions, ginger, garlic, peppers and pork to a large mixing bowl. Stir in the egg, tamari, cilantro, lime zest and juice and mix together until well combined. Form the mixture into balls using a disher scoop. Heat the oil to a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry the balls until a good crust forms, before turning, about 2 minutes.nFor the sauce: Add all of the fruit to a food processor and quickly pulse. Add the sugar, tamarind and red pepper flakes and puree until the mixture becomes a thick sauce.nPut a little of the sauce into a serving bowl and top with the meatballs. Serve with bowls of sauce on the side, and a container of toothpicks.nCooks Note: Cant find star fruit Substitute a can of drained pineapple pieces.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 green onions, diced, 1 2inch finger fresh ginger, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 to 2 serrano peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 pound ground pork, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons tamari sauce, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 14 cup peanut oil, 1 mango, peeled and flesh chopped, 1 star fruit, chopped, 1 Asian pear, seeds removed and chopped, 3 tablespoons palm sugar or piloncillo Mexican brown sugar, 14 cup tamarind juice, or 2 tablespoons tamarind paste dissolved in 14 cup water, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Spicy Shrimp and Pork Meatballs with Rujak Sauce, picturelink: srKltxkGJDDMpSNPmQGf05R2CsdFwtK}, 48336: {instructions: Optional: 2 tablespoons masa harina dissolved in 12 cup water for thickening chipotle or cayenne pepper for extra kick.nIn a large skillet, brown the chiles, bell pepper, garlic and onion in 2 tablespoons of the olive oil until soft. Set aside. In a large Dutch oven, brown the buffalo in the remaining olive oil. Drain any excess fat and add the bell pepper, garlic and onion mixture along with the salt, pepper, oregano, cumin and 2 cups of water. Add the tomatoes and their juice, squishing each tomato with your hand before it goes into the pot. Add the chile puree or whatever chile mixture you are using, stir and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and cook, partially covered, at a simmer for about 1 12 to 2 hours or until the buffalo is tender and the tomatoes have broken down and the whole thing has turned a beautiful dark brick red. If a thicker chile is desired, add the masa harina and water mixture, stirring to thicken. Return to heat and cook about 10 minutes more. If you prefer beans with your chili, add the precooked bean of choice and pour chili over cooked beans in a deep bowlnDissolve yeast in 14 cup warm water with sugar and 12 cup of flour. Let stand for 10 minutes to proof. Combine with remaining water and salt in mixing bowl. Blend well. Add flour a half cup at a time until a loose paste is formed. Add remaining flour and mix on low speed until dough pulls away from side of bowl. The dough should be smooth and elastic at end of kneading process. Let rise, punch down and let rise again. To make bowls, cut off a piece of dough and shape into ball with floured hands, and roll out on floured board to a 12 to 1 inch larger diameter than the soup bowl you will be using as a form. Press the chopped jalapeno pepper pieces into the dough avoiding what will be the bottom of the dough bowl as they make holes in the dough while baking and they leak. Spray the bowl of course it must be ovenproof with nonstick spray and place an oiled or parchment covered sheet pan, lightly form the dough over the upsidedown bowl, leaving the excess flat on the sheet pan to form a little lip on the dough bowl. Bake at 350 degrees for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown, ingredients: [8 dried ancho chiles, 1 large green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 3 large cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup yellow onions, chopped, 14 cup olive oil, 5 pounds Buffalo American bison top round, trimmed and cut into 1 to 3 inch cubes, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 teaspoons Mexican oregano, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, toasted in dry pan, 2 cups of water, 2 14 12 ounce cans whole tomatoes, 1 teaspoon dry yeast, 1 cup warm water, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 cups organic all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon sugar, Fresh jalapeno pepper, seeded, deveined and chopped], title: Buffalo Chile in a Jalapeno Bread Bowl, picturelink: null}, 48337: {instructions: Cut pockets into chicken breasts. Season pockets with salt, pepper and thyme. Stuff each breast with a slice of prosciutto and a piece of Fontina. Dip chicken breasts in flour. Heat skillet. Add oil to skillet and saute chicken breasts until brown on both sides. Remove browned chicken breasts from skillet. Add more oil if necessary. Add mushrooms to skillet and saute on high heat until browned. Mushroom liquid will start to deglaze the pan. Add Marsala to skillet and reduce by half, about 5 minutes. Add chicken stock to skillet and put chicken back to the pan. Simmer until chicken is cooked through, about 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer chicken to platter. Thicken sauce by making a buerre manie with butter and flour, and whisking it in until sauce thickens., ingredients: [6 chicken breasts, Salt, Pepper, Thyme, 6 slices prosciutto, 6 slices Fontina cheese, Flour, for dredging, Canola oil, 10 ounces sliced mushrooms, 12 cup marsala wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon flour], title: Stuffed Chicken Marsala, picturelink: null}, 48338: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill pan to high.nSlice polenta and brush lightly with oil. Grill 2 or 3 minutes on each side to score the cakes and warm them.nPlace peppers, olives, capers, parsley, onion, garlic and red pepper flakes in processor and pulse the power to chop salsa. Top polenta with spoonfuls of salsa and serve., ingredients: [1 tube, 24 ounces, prepared polenta, plain or sundried tomato flavor, cut into 12inch slices, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 3 roasted red peppers, drained well, 1 large jar, 16 ounces, 12 cup calamata black olives, pitted, 2 tablespoons capers, 34 cup flatleaf parsley, a couple of handfuls, 12 white onion, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Grilled Polenta Crackers with Roasted Pepper Salsa, picturelink: FJTXDl7jqVCYPVVv5rqxqhHQ7MVSEvm}, 48339: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a nonreactive dish or large resealable plastic bag, combine all ingredients except steak and mix thoroughly. Add steak and turn to thoroughly coat. Cover dish or close bag and allow to marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes. If you are making ahead, cover, and place in refrigerator. Can be marinated up to 24 hours in refrigerator.nOnce steak has marinated, remove from refrigerator and bring to room temperature for at least 15 minutes. Heat a lightly oiled grill pan to mediumhigh heat. When pan is heated, remove steak from marinade, shake off excess, add to pan and cook for about 6 to 8 minutes per side for medium rare.nTransfer to a cutting board, season with additional salt and freshly ground black pepper and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes. Slice thinly across the grain and serve., ingredients: [1 5inch piece ginger, sliced thinly, 14 cup sesame oil, 8 medium garlic cloves, smashed, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds flank steak, trimmed of fat and sinew], title: Grilled Flank Steak with Ginger Marinade, picturelink: FpFVAXvWogzQGxeGCTvMbt4Tu7frIm}, 48340: {instructions: To cook the pasta, bring a large pot of water to a boil with salt and a little oil. Cook about 8 to 10 minutes or to al dente, drain well and spread on a sheet pan to cool. When almost dry lightly coat with olive oil. Then cover well till ready to toss salad.nTo make the dressing, place the oil, vinegar, garlic, salt and pepper in a jar. Cover and shake to mix well.nToss the pasta, Panela cheese, onion, cucumbers, tomatoes, capers, and oregano with the dressing until well coated. Chill., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 3 clove garlic, minced, Sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 12 pound penne pasta, dry, 1 cup Panela cheese, julienned, 1 small red onion, chopped, 3 pickling cucumbers, peeled and chopped, 2 Italian Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 13 cup capers, drained of their liquid, 12 bunch oregano, leaves chopped, 2 Serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded and minced], title: Mexican Macaroni Salad, picturelink: null}, 48341: {instructions: Combine the chocolate and butter and melt over a hotwater bath.nCombine the egg yolks with the water and 1 ounce sugar and whisk over a hotwater bathe to 145 degrees F for 15 seconds. Remove from the heat and whip until cool.nCombine the egg whites with the remaining 1 ounce sugar and whisk over a hotwater bathe to 145 degrees F. Remove the whites from the heat and beat to full volume. Continue beating until cool.nUsing a large rubber spatula, fold the egg whites into the egg yolks.nFold the butterchocolate mixture into the egg mixture.nFold in the whipped cream. Add the rum, to taste., ingredients: [10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 1 12 ounces butter, 5 egg yolks, 1 ounce water, 2 ounces sugar, 5 egg whites, 8 ounces heavy cream, whipped, Rum], title: Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: null}, 48342: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: Place the salt in a ziplock back. Fill the bag with smoke using a Smoking Gun filled with hickory chips. Seal and set aside for 20 minutes or longer. Repeat for the capers.nIn a blender, combine the smoked capers and 1 tablespoon of the smoked salt. Add the rice vinegar, olive oil, mustard, agave and brown sugar. Blend until smooth.nFor the tuna: Cut the tuna into 6ounce portions. Roll on all sides in herbes de Provence. Heat a saute pan over high heat coat with olive oil. Add the tuna and sear on all sides, 30 to 45 seconds side, leaving the center raw.nFor the potatoes: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Toss the fingerling potatoes with the remaining 2 tablespoons smoked salt and some olive oil. Add to the pan and grill until fully cooked.nFor the asparagus salad: Toss the shaved radish and fennel in a bowl with the asparagus and arugula. Dress with vinaigrette. Top with the quail eggs.nTo plate: Place some grilled potatoes on each plate. Spoon some of the asparagus salad over the potatoes. Cut the tuna into slices and arrange on top of the salad. Serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons coarse salt, 4 ounces capers, drained, 1 cup rice vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons agave syrup, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 12 pounds fresh tuna, Herbes de Provence, Olive oil, 1 pound heirloom fingerling potatoes, Olive oil, 2 radishes, shaved, 1 bulb fennel, shaved, 1 bunch asparagus, tips only, blanched, 8 ounces arugula, 4 to 6 quail eggs, hardboiled,], title: Seared Tuna Salad with Herbes de Provence, Grilled Fingerling Potatoes, Hickory Smoked Salt  Shaved Asparagus Salad, picturelink: K2qUlORX0FRR4NRrf9lmW47yGHbwwEm}, 48343: {instructions: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and put on mediumhigh heat. Toss in the garlic cloves and a pinch of crushed red pepper. Cook the garlic until it becomes golden brown and is very aromatic. Remove the garlic and discard.nAdd the mustard greens and season with salt, to taste. Cover and cook the greens until they are soft and wilted. Stir in the vinegar. Taste for seasoning and add salt, if needed. Transfer the greens to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 large bunch mustard greens, stems removed, cut into 2inch pieces and washed, left wet, Kosher salt, 2 to 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar], title: Sauteed Mustard Greens, picturelink: null}, 48344: {instructions: Mix flours, baking powder, and salt and add the warm water. Combine thoroughly to make a smooth dough. Make balls the size of a walnut, a few at a time. Set aside and keep covered.nMoisten a cloth napkin and spread out on a flat surface. Roll each ball of dough in moistened palm of your hand until smooth, lay on the damp towel, cover with a plastic bag and press down to flatten. To shape the patty, cut with a 2 to 2 14inch diameter cookie cutter. It should be about 14 inch thick. Smooth the rough edges with your finger making ready to fry.nHeat a cast iron skillet, filled half way with corn oil, to 375 degrees F. Slide the patties into hot oil and fry until the light golden brown and crispy about 1 minute on each side. Drain on paper towels and make a slit on the side as soon as they cool enough to handle. Push 1 teaspoon of shredded cheese, chicken, and cabbage, and drizzle entire packet with Salsa Liquida.nSubmerge tomatoes in boiling water for 30 seconds and then plunge into ice bath. Peel and seed the tomatoes. Puree the tomatoes, jalapeno, garlic, and oregano. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cups instant corn flour, 4 tablespoons flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups water, Corn oil, for frying, 1 cup poached shredded chicken breast, 12 cup thinly sliced red cabbage, 14 cup crumbled cotija cheese, Salsa Liquada, recipe follows, 2 tomatoes, 1 jalapeno, stemmed and seeded, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Gorditas: Stuffed Pockets of Love, picturelink: null}, 48345: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt butter and sweet vegetables until tender. Add ham and cook over low heat for 2 more minutes. Set aside to slightly cool. Whisk together eggs, stock, cream and herbs and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Combine all items, including cornbread, in a 4quart lasagna pan and cook covered for 30 minutes. Uncover and cook for additional 20 minutes or until crusty., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 cups chopped yellow onions, 1 cup chopped celery, 2 cups fresh corn kernels, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup diced red pepper, 12pound diced smoked ham, 2 eggs, 3 cups chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups cubed and toasted cornbread], title: Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: viYJqyneygVhSRi1Cw5eUqERJLIOYb2}, 48346: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the lamb: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nDrizzle the olive oil on both sides of the lamb. Season with salt, pepper and herbs de Provence. Grill the lamb for 5 minutes on each side until brown. Place the lamb in a shallow roasting pan or baking sheet and roast for 25 minutes for mediumrare. Allow the lamb to rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nFor the sauce: In a small bowl, combine the creme fraiche, honey, cumin, and mint. Add the mascarpone cheese and stir until just combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCut the lamb between the bones into individual chops and serve with the sauce., ingredients: [3 1 to 1 12 pounds each racks of lamb, trimmed, with 14inch of fat left on meat, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons herbs de Provence, 12 cup creme fraiche, 3 tablespoons honey, 34 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Crispy Rack of Lamb with Honey and Mascarpone, picturelink: ka7tfkA3GjsZgldjW2s6YdlaWppsvXW}, 48347: {instructions: Combine beer batter ingredients in large bowl and mix with electric blender for 2 minutes.nIn a large pot, bring oil to 375 degrees F. Completely cover haddock in beer batter. Roll haddock in batter mix. Carefully submerge in oil for 3 to 4 minutes or until the filet begins to float. Remove from oil and drain well. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, seasoned with crab boil mix, salt, and pepper, 1 egg, 16 ounces light beer, 4 cups canola oil, 4 fresh or frozen haddock fillets], title: Fish Fry, picturelink: null}, 48348: {instructions: Build ingredients over ice in an old fashioned glass.nAdd a splash of milk or half  half to make it even more luscious.nDrink Responsibly. JDK  Sonsu2122 Crave Liqueur, 15 Alc.Vol. u00a92012 John DeKuyper  Son, Frankfort Clermont, KY, ingredients: [1 part JDKSonsu2122 Crave Chocolate Mint Liqueur, 1 part premium vodka Effenu00ae recommended, Milk or half  half optional], title: Luscious Mint Russian, picturelink: GH9oVwkfBFwUgvOxNdpVX0LuSh0Bn2}, 48349: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nBeat together cookie dough and peanut butter in large bowl until blended and smooth. Stir or knead in mini chips, peanut butter chips and peanuts until evenly distributed.nDrop 1 heaping tablespoon of dough for each cookie onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake for 15 minutes. Cool slightly on baking sheets. Then transfer to wire rack and cool., ingredients: [1 package about 18 ounces prepared sugar cookie dough, 12 cup peanut butter, 12 mini chocolate chips, 12 cup peanut butter chips, 12 cup peanuts, coarsely chopped], title: Peanut Butter Cookies, picturelink: 1QPiZe8y5On8qDC1yrXwknxOquP24C}, 48350: {instructions: Heat a 10inch cast iron skillet over medium heat and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine baking mix, sugar, evaporated milk, and almond extract. Whisk until smooth. Set aside.nAdd the butter to the skillet and melt. Stir in the pie filling and thawed cherries. Pour batter over top. Bake until golden and toothpick inserted into batter comes out clean, about 35 to 40 minutesnRemove from oven and let cool 1 hour before serving. Serve warm with whipped topping or a scoop of ice cream., ingredients: [1 12 cups baking mix recommended: Bisquick, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup evaporated milk recommended: Carnation, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 stick butter, 1 21 ounces can cherry pie filling recommended: Comstock Morefruit, 1 cup frozen cherries, thawed recommended: Dole], title: Sandys Cherry Cobbler, picturelink: fUdduDvJ9yddrsxyku9E7BRBbBHWrm}, 48351: {instructions: Marinate chicken in yogurt and Tandoori spices. Brown in frying pan and finish in a preheated 400degree oven for 15 minutes. Boil water and pour over couscous that has been lightly toasted in a saucepan. Pour in enough water to cover the couscous, as it absorbs the water add the butter and season with salt and pepper. Place couscous on a plate and top with the roasted chicken including the juices from the pan., ingredients: [8 chicken legs, 4 ounces yogurt, 1 tablespoon Tandoori spices, 18 ounces couscous, 2 cups water, 2 ounces butter, Salt and pepper], title: Chicken with Couscous, picturelink: null}, 48352: {instructions: Mix greens and radishes. In a small bowl, combine the vinegar, sugar, paprika and onions juice. Whisk in extravirgin olive oil. Season the dressing with salt and pepper, to taste. Dress and toss salad then sprinkle with sesame seeds optional and serve., ingredients: [1 10ounce sack chopped romaine and mixed greens, 4 radishes, sliced, 3 tablespoons vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon grated white onion and juice, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, optional], title: Mixed Salad with House Dressing, picturelink: null}, 48353: {instructions: Heat garlic in oil until lightly golden. Add tomatoes and their juices and heat for 20 minutes over low heat until tomatoes are really tender and almost melted. Crumble tuna into smaller pieces and add to tomato sauce. Simmer just to warm the tuna through you dont want to boil the tuna. Transfer spaghetti to serving bowl and mix in tuna, tomatoes, parsley and salt  pepper., ingredients: [1 small minced clove of garlic, 14 cup olive oil, 14 to 16oz can chopped plum tomatoes with juice, 2 6oz cans tuna packed in oil, drained, 12 ounces cooked spaghetti, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Tuna, Tomatoes and Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 48354: {instructions: To prepare the dough: in a bowl, combine milk, sugar, and yeast. Stir and allow to proof.nIn a mixing bowl, combine flour and salt. Using the paddle attachment, over low speed, slowly add the yeast mixture. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and lastly, the butter, a piece at a time.nContinue to beat at medium speed until the dough gets elastic and almost forming a ball around the paddle, about 3 to 4 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and let the dough rise until double in size, about 45 to 60 minutes.nGenerously butter a gugelhupf mold. Sprinkle with sugar. Reserve.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll out the dough into 14inch thickness, about 12inches wide and 16inches long. Spread the butter throughout the surface. In a small bowl, combine the sugar and cinnamon. Sprinkle over the butter. Lastly, sprinkle the chopped nuts and macerated raisins. Roll the dough into a log and place inside the prepared mold.nBake for 50 to 60 minutes or until top is well browned. Leave it to cool in the mold for 10 minutes, then unmold it on a wire rack. Sprinkle generously with sifted powdered sugar before serving., ingredients: [1 cup milk, heated to 100 degrees F., 14 cup sugar, 1 ounce yeast, 1 pound bread flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 egg, 3 ounces unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 14 cup sugar, 3 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 3 ounces sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 3 ounces hazelnuts, toasted, skins removed and chopped, 3 ounces blanched almonds, toasted and chopped, 3 ounces golden raisins, soaked in 14 cup dark rum, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Gugelhupf, picturelink: null}, 48355: {instructions: For the vanilla sauce: Bring the milk and salt to a simmer over medium heat in a 2quart heavy saucepan. Whisk together the yolks and sugar in a bowl until combined, and then add to the hot milk in a slow stream, whisking. Transfer the custard back to the saucepan and cook over moderatelylow heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the custard coats back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Pour through a finemesh sieve into a bowl and stir in the vanilla. Cover the surface of the custard with a round of wax paper and chill until cold, at least 1 hour.nFor the bread pudding: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In large mixing bowl, toss together the donut slices, dried cherries and white chocolate. Set aside. In second large mixing bowl, stir together the sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg. Measure out 14 cup of spiced sugar into a small bowl and set aside.nIn a third large mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs, cream, milk and vanilla. Whisk the eggs into the large bowl of spiced sugar, and then pour over the breadchocolate mixture and stir to combine. Pour the batter into a 9by13by2inch baking pan and sprinkle with the reserved 14 cup spiced sugar. Scatter the butter cubes over top and bake until golden brown and just set in middle, 50 to 60 minutes. Serve with the vanilla sauce., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, Pinch salt, 4 large egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 dozen oldfashioned plain donuts, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 cup sundried cherries, 8 ounces white chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 6 large eggs, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed], title: Chocolate Cherry Bread Pudding with Vanilla Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48356: {instructions: Thinly slice the jicama and then cut into 18inch wide strips. Combine the jicama and watercress in a bowl. In a separate bowl whisk together the olive oil, lime juice, salt and pepper. Pour over the salad and toss well to coat. Serve immediately on chilled plates., ingredients: [1 medium jicama, peeled, 4 bunches watercress, trimmed and washed, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Watercress and Jicama Salad, picturelink: null}, 48357: {instructions: In a large bowl, add the coconut milk, honey, hot sauce, scallions and lime zest and juice. Whisk well to combine. Drizzle in the sesame oil and taste for seasoning add salt and pepper if necessary. Add the fruit and nuts to the bowl and toss well to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup light coconut milk, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon Thai hot sauce, such as Sriracha, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups diced mango, 2 cups diced pineapple, 2 tablespoons unsalted peanuts], title: Thai Fruit Salad, picturelink: vmI5G682C6FKzEU2Kxy0wnWtOZJ0hC6}, 48358: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9inch square cake pan.nSift the flour and salt into a large bowl. Melt the chocolate with the butter in a double boiler or a bowl set over a pan of hot water or you can use a microwave. Remove from the heat, add the brown and granulated sugars and leave to dissolve slightly, then stir to combine. Add the eggs, one by one, beating after each addition. The mixture should be very glossy. Gently fold in the flour. Dont overmix.nSpread the batter in the prepared pan to form an even layer. Top with the raspberries and sliced almonds. Bake for 2030 minutes, or until just set in the middle. A wooden skewer inserted into the center should come out with just a few moist crumbs on it. Dont overbake. Leave to cool in the pan for 30 minutes before cutting into squares and serving., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 1 generous cup fresh raspberries, 12 cup sliced almonds], title: Raspberry and Almond Brownies, picturelink: null}, 48359: {instructions: Place basil and garlic in a food processor. Pulse until finely chopped. Add lemon juice, sugar, and salt and process until thoroughly incorporated. Add butter and blend until smooth. Place butter mixture in a small serving bowl or ramekin.nAdd corn to large pot of boiling salted water and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a platter and serve with garlicbasil butter., ingredients: [14 cup basil leaves, 3 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Pinch sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 8 ears corn], title: Corn on the Cob with GarlicBasil Butter, picturelink: null}, 48360: {instructions: Pound the flank steak to 38inch thickness, trying to form a rectangle.nCombine the basil, parsley, olive oil, and pignoli nuts in a food processor until smooth. Spread mixture over the meat, leaving a 1inch border.nCombine ground beef with beaten egg, garlic, bread crumbs, milk, and grated cheese. Set aside.nSpread slices of prosciutto over the pesto mixture, followed by the ground beef mixture, and topped with the sliced pancetta. Place the 4 partially boiled eggs down the center, flanked by the cheese logs. Roll the flank steak into a log, tie with butchers twine, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat a few tablespoons olive oil in a large, heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the meat and sear on all sides. Remove the meat from the pan and add the onions and saute until transluscent. Deglaze the pan with red wine, and return the meat to the pan. Add the tomato sauce and beef stock. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 1 hour over low heat. Alternatively, cook in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 1 hour. Remove the falsomagro from the pan and set aside to let rest. Continue cooking sauce over high heat for a few minutes, until reduced to desired consistency. Season sauce, to taste.nCut the meat in slices and serve with the sauce drizzled over top and with smothered greens and roasted potatoes or fettucine on the side., ingredients: [1 1 14 to 1 12 pound flank steak, butterflied, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup olive oil, plus more for searing, 12 cup pignoli nuts, 1 pound ground beef or veal, 1 egg, beaten, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 14 cup milk, 12 cup grated cacciocavallo, plus 14 pound cut into 12inch logs, 14 pound sliced prosciutto, 14 pound sliced pancetta, 4 eggs, boiled for 3 minutes so that the insides are not yet hard, Salt and pepper, 1 cup sliced onions, About 12 cup red wine, 2 cups tomato sauce, 1 cup beef stock or broth, Smothered or sauteed greens, for serving broccoli rabe, spinach, or escarole, Roasted new potatoes or fettucine, for serving], title: Falsomagro, picturelink: null}, 48361: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the lowest position remove the other racks preheat to 350 degrees F. Remove the neck and giblets from the turkey and set aside for the gravy. Pat the turkey dry with paper towels and rub inside and out with 1 tablespoon each salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity with the onion, smashed garlic and rosemary sprigs. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Put the turkey on a rack set in a large roasting pan and tuck the wings under the body. Let sit at room temperature while you make the porcini butter.nSoak the porcini in 1 cup hot water until softened, about 10 minutes drain. Put half of the porcini in a food processor finely chop the rest to use in the gravy. Add the whole garlic cloves and chopped rosemary to the food processor pulse to make a paste. Add the butter, Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons salt and a generous amount of pepper pulse until smooth. Rub the turkey inside and out with the butter. Transfer to the oven and roast 1 hour. Meanwhile, start your gravy, adding the chopped porcini in along with the stock.nAfter the turkey has roasted 1 hour, baste with the drippings. Continue roasting, basting every 30 minutes, until the skin is golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 165 degrees F, 1 12 to 2 more hours.nTransfer the turkey to a cutting board and let rest 30 minutes before carving use the drippings for the gravy.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 to 14pound turkey, thawed if frozen, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 onion, quartered, 1 head garlic 6 cloves whole, remaining cloves smashed, 4 sprigs rosemary, plus 3 tablespoons chopped leaves, 2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms about 2 cups, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce], title: GarlicRosemary Turkey with Porcini, picturelink: Q1PXa37dZ2au7uigXnqX9f8KEGssbJC}, 48362: {instructions: Cook a 15ounce can drained chickpeas in an ovenproof skillet with 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 teaspoon each cumin and smoked paprika, 2 minutes. Season with salt, then bake 20 minutes at 425 degrees F., ingredients: [], title: Crunchy Chickpeas, picturelink: umO9MoHKsgbvI0V2bFWcoDWtOiMLyv.}, 48363: {instructions: Whisk the lime juice, vegetable oil, jalapeno and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl.nPeel and slice the chayotes into thin wedges. Peel the jicama thinly slice lengthwise, then thinly slice crosswise into strips. Thinly slice the carrots.nToss the vegetables with the dressing and season with salt. Cover and refrigerate up to 4 hours.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [13 cup fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 to 1 red jalapeno, thinly sliced, seeds removed, Kosher salt, 2 medium chayotes Mexican squash, 12 small jicama, 5 medium carrots], title: ChayoteJicama Salad, picturelink: SiSQ7fmQEoRGknNNIOPWjAQJ1Erene}, 48364: {instructions: Bring red wine to a boil with bay leaf and olive oil, stir in white rice and reduce heat to a simmer. Cover the pot and cook for 15 minutes, stir in grapes, turn off heat and let stand 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 34 cups dry red wine, 1 fresh bay leaf, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup white rice, 1 cup red or black seedless grapes, halved], title: Red Wine Rice with Grapes, picturelink: tE.fEcbuogZ1hj5gSRdqTM1.i1TUSS.}, 48365: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the marinade: Combine the garlic, bay leaves, carrots, celery, onions and wine in a large bowl or container. Add the beef cover and let sit in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight. This is a really important step: it makes a huge flavor difference.nFor the stew: Remove the beef from the marinade. Strain the veggies and bay leaves from the marinade and discard. Reserve 2 cups of the marinade.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a large, wide pan or Dutch oven with olive oil and bring to mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the beef with salt and toss with the flour do not flour the beef until youre ready to brown it. Add the flourcoated beef to the hot pan, but be sure to not crowd the pan you will need to work in four batches. Brown the meat well on all sides, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the pan to a baking sheet.nAfter the first two batches, deglaze the pot with 12 cup of the reserved marinade, scraping up any browned bits. Drain the liquid into a small bowl. Add more olive oil to the pan to coat and cook the remaining two batches of meat. Add the meat to the baking sheet. Deglaze the pan with 12 cup marinade, scraping up any browned bits.nAdd the bacon and cook until it gets brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Toss in the mushrooms, carrots, celery, garlic and onions, and season with salt. Cook until the mixture starts to soften and becomes very aromatic, about 10 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the remaining 1 cup marinade and deglaze the pan, stirring up any browned bits, 1 minute. Add the beef. Stir to combine and cook until the wine has reduced by half, 1 to 2 minutes. Add enough of the beef stock to just cover the surface of the beef. Toss in the bay leaves and thyme bundle. Cover the pan, bring the liquid to a boil and put in the oven.nCook the beef for 2 hours. During the last hour of cooking time, add the potatoes. Cover the pan with the lid and put the stew back in the oven to cook for an additional hour.nRemove the pot from the oven and skim off any excess grease from the surface of the stew. Garnish with the chives and serve with crusty bread to sop up all the sauce., ingredients: [5 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 fresh bay leaves, 2 carrots, peeled and halved, 2 ribs celery, halved, 1 large onion, peeled and quartered, One 750ml bottle red wine, such as Burgundy, 4 pounds beef chuck, cut into 1inch chunks, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 8 ounces slab bacon, cut into lardons, 1 pound cremini or white button mushrooms, quartered, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 2 ribs celery, cut into 14inch dice, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large onion, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 14 cup tomato paste, 3 to 4 cups beef stock, 1 bundle fresh thyme, 1 pound red bliss potatoes, quartered, 12 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped, for garnish, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Beef Bourguignon, picturelink: JUi2Bm91fH.lGZ9yh9E0IXp5TcT0FFq}, 48366: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the meatballs: In a large bowl, combine the breadcrumbs, Parmesan, basil, parsley, milk, ketchup if using, tomato paste, salt, pepper, eggs, garlic and onions. Using a wooden spoon, stir to blend. Add the ground turkey and sausage meat. Using fingers, gently mix all the ingredients until thoroughly combined.nUsing a 1ounce cookie scoop or a small ice cream scoop, form the meat mixture into 1 12inch balls 22 to 24 meatballs. Place the meatballs on a heavy nonstick baking sheet, spacing apart. Drizzle with olive oil and bake until cooked through, 15 minutes.nFor the tomato sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large deep skillet with 2inchhigh sides over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, onions, salt and pepper. Cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Add 12 cup of the basil, the fennel, oregano and crushed tomatoes. Bring to a simmer. Cook over medium heat until the sauce thickens slightly, stirring occasionally, 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in the remaining 14 cup basil. Adjust the seasoning with more salt and pepper if desired.nAdd the meatballs to the tomato sauce and simmer until the meatballs are heated through, about 10 minutes. Thin the sauce with chicken stock, 14 cup at a time, if needed.nServe with grated Parmesan alongside., ingredients: [1 cup plain breadcrumbs, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 14 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon ketchup, optional, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 pound ground dark turkey meat, 1 pound spicy Italian turkey sausage links, casings removed, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 large cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, 1 large onion, finely chopped 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to season, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more to season, 34 cup chopped fresh basil, 2 teaspoons finely ground fennel seeds, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, Two 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, optional], title: Classic Italian Turkey Meatballs, picturelink: U8gBbMbvGGRYdVsT0nP1seEOg5uLrG}, 48367: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 metal skewersnPreheat a grill for cooking over mediumhigh heat. Evenly divide the chicken into two bowls. Drizzle one bowl with a tablespoon of olive oil and drizzle the other with the hoisin sauce. Let the hoisin chicken marinate for a little bit while you cook the kids meal.nSkewer the olive oil chicken onto a metal skewer. Sprinkle with a little salt and pepper, then place the kebab on the hot grill. Slide half of the red bell pepper chunks onto another skewer and place on the grill. Cook, turning once, until the chicken is cooked through and you get nice grill marks on the veggies about 5 minutes for the chicken and 10 minutes for the veggies.nMeanwhile, boil the sugar snap peas in boiling water until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside.nNow, slide the remaining red bell pepper and onion chunks onto another skewer, and slide the hoisin chicken onto its own skewer. Grill the meat and veggies until cooked through and nicely charred on all sides, glazing the chicken with the extra hoisin sauce as you cook it.nPlace the soy sauce, brown sugar, sambal oelek, lime juice and the remaining tablespoon olive oil in a bowl and whisk to combine. Divide between 2 small cups and garnish with half the scallions.nServe the kids kebab with the red bell peppers, snow peas and dipping sauce.nServe the adults hoisin kebab with the onion and bell pepper kebab. Garnish the chicken with the remaining chopped scallions and a nice sprinkling of sesame seeds. Dont forget the dipping sauce, ingredients: [1 pound chicken tenders, cut into bitesize cubes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup hoisin sauce, plus more for glazing, Salt and pepper, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 ounces sugar snap peas, 1 red onion, cut into 1inch pieces, 13 cup soy sauce, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon sambal oelek, Juice from 12 lime, 2 scallions, chopped, Sesame seeds, for garnish], title: One Recipe, Two Meals: Chicken Kebabs, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 48368: {instructions: Halve the slices of prosciutto. Pat cod dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. Wrap fish in prosciutto. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet until it ripples over mediumhigh heat. Cook fish 3 to 4 minutes on each side until prosciutto is crisp and fish is firm. Do not crowd the pan. Work in 2 batches, fish can be served at room temperature or kept warm under a loose foil tent. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [12 slices prosciutto di Parma, 3 pounds thick cod, cut into 12 4ounce chunks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Prosciutto Wrapped Cod, picturelink: TEF85cp8EvrBhCdhKZdwI3rOIDEiGW}, 48369: {instructions: 1. Moisten the sugar cubes with a dash or two of bitters and drop into each champagne flute.n2. Add the juice, Campari and Pama to the sugar cube and stir to mix.n3.Gently pour in the champagne, stir once and serve with the orange peel., ingredients: [2 sugar cubes, 1 to 2 dashes Angosturau00ae bitters, 1 cup cold, brut Champagne or sparkling wine, 1 12 tbsp. ruby grapefruit juice, 1 12 tbsp. Campariu00ae, 14 cup Pamau00ae pomegranate liqueur, Garnish: orange peel], title: Pomegranate Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 48370: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour 2 packages of the raspberries, 1 cup of sugar, and the lemon juice into a 10inch saute pan. Crush the berries lightly with a fork and bring the mixture to a full boil over mediumhigh heat. Lower the heat and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is syrupy. Fold the remaining 2 packages of raspberries and the framboise into the hot mixture and refrigerate until very cold.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the cream, the remaining 3 tablespoons of sugar, and the vanilla together on mediumhigh speed until it forms firm peaks.nIn decorative glasses, layer a spoonful of the whipped cream, a spoonful of the raspberry mixture, and then a few meringue pieces. Repeat once or twice, depending on the size of the glasses, until the glasses are full, ending with berries and a dollop of cream. Serve immediately or chill for an hour, until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 6ounce packages fresh raspberries, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon framboise liqueur, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 3inch bakery meringue shells, broken in pieces], title: Eton Mess, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 48371: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch loaf pan.nPlace the egg in a medium bowl whisk in the milk and 4 tablespoons butter. Its okay if there are still small chunks of butter remaining after whisking.nIn a large bowl, mix together the flours, baking powder, rosemary and salt with a fork. Add the egg mixture and stir with a wooden spoon just until combined. Sprinkle the raisins and goat cheese over the batter gently fold in with just 2 or 3 strokes.nPour into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle of the bread comes out clean, 50 to 55 minutes. Cool slightly, and slice., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus additional for buttering the loaf pan, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 cup reducedfat 1 percent milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup white whole wheat flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, roughly chopped, or 12 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup golden raisins, 2 ounces goat cheese, very cold, cut into 12inch chunks], title: Savory Rosemary Goat Cheese Quick Bread, picturelink: iv3BYJ29hvu6xfesgNIpQHpLJf9XhS}, 48372: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat, saute the sausage until no longer pink. Remove the sausage leave in the fat, and set aside. To the pan, add the onion, celery, and apple and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until the apple is no longer crisp, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook an additional couple of minutes. Remove from the heat, stir the sausage back in and set aside.nIn a food processor, pulse the bread with the sage, rosemary, and thyme into coarse crumbs.nHeat the butter in a medium saute pan and cook the crumbs over mediumhigh heat until coated with butter and lightly toasted, about 3 minutes be careful not to burn. Mix the breadcrumbs into the sausage mixture.nPrepare the roast as if making a jellyroll. Place the roast with the short side toward you, and fat facing down toward the counter or cutting board. Use a sharp knife to slice the roast open at about 12inch from the bottom of the roast parallel to the cutting board, being careful not to cut all the way through. Continue cutting, unrolling the roast as you work until you have a large, thin piece of meat. Place the rolled out piece of meat between 2 sheets of waxed or parchment paper, and lightly pound with meat mallet to increase the meat surface area by 10 to 20 percent. Be careful not to pound through the meat. Salt and pepper the pork and top with the filling, spreading evenly across the pork, leaving a 1inch margin around the perimeter.nStarting with the short side, roll up tightly jellyroll style, and secure the roast with kitchen twine.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat and add oil. Add the roast and brown on all sides. Place in a roasting pan fitted with a rack and add the wine in the bottom of the pan to keep the juices from burning, and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until the internal temperature hits 145 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove the roast from the oven and allow to rest for a full 10 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [12 pound mild Italian sausage or 2 links, casings removed, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 tart apple, peeled and diced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 pieces white bread, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons butter, One 3pound boneless pork loin, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup white wine], title: Sausage and Apple Stuffed Pork Roast, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 48373: {instructions: Cook the shrimp according to the package instructions.nMeanwhile, combine the Thai chili sauce, mayonnaise, honey and sriracha in a bowl and whisk until fully combined.nToss the cooked shrimp in the mayo mixture while its still hot. Put the lettuce leaves down on a plate and spoon the shrimp over the lettuce. Sprinkle with scallions and serve., ingredients: [1 package frozen popcorn shrimp about 18 ounces, 14 cup Thai chili sauce, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon sriracha, 4 lettuce leaves, for serving, Chopped scallions, for garnish], title: Bang Bang Shrimp, picturelink: FIt8e1EpQZaVCX2wqgVAZrOKhyat6}, 48374: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the lemon butter: Whisk together the lemon juice, salt, pepper, lemon zest and butter in a deep medium bowl until well blended mixture will be like a thick sauce. Set aside until ready to use.nFor the halibut and crispy shallots: Combine the olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, salt, pepper and garlic in an 8by8by2inch glass dish. Whisk the marinade to blend. Add the halibut and turn several times to coat evenly. Let stand 15 to 20 minutes.nCombine the grapeseed oil and shallots in a medium heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring often, until the oil heats up and the shallots turn golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer the shallots with a slotted spoon to several layers of paper towels to drain and crisp. Sprinkle with salt and pepper just before using.nHeat a large dry nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Lift the halibut from the marinade, letting the excess drain off. Add the halibut to the hot skillet and sear 3 minutes. Turn the fish over using a flexible metal spatula. Sear until still slightly pink in the center, about 3 minutes longer, depending on thickness. Transfer the halibut to plates. Top with a generous dollop of lemonbutter and pile the shallots alongside or scatter around the fish. Garnish with the lemon wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Zest of 1 large lemon, 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 large cloves garlic, smashed, 4 halibut fillets each 4 to 5 ounces, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 2 large shallots, cut into rounds, separated into rings, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Halibut with LemonButter and Crispy Shallots, picturelink: Kqpx3VbbBHq3XoIbsvvAGUCRGI7TyK}, 48375: {instructions: Heat balsamic and soy in a skillet and allow mushrooms to poach while the sauce reduces. Remove from heat and let cool. In a mixing bowl toss with onion, spinach and tomatoes. Serve chilled, family style, garnishing with fresh dill., ingredients: [14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 4 portobello mushrooms, cleaned, gills removed, quartered, and cut into slices 18 to 14inch thick, 1 red onion, diced, 1 cup baby spinach packed, soaked to remove grit, well rinsed and dried in a salad spinner or with paper towels, 2 large ripe fresh tomatoes, 1 tablespoon fresh dill, minced], title: Portobello Mushroom Salad, picturelink: 9EMQclf5UfgPfHOdqpgwWspXN78HWK}, 48376: {instructions: Peel, seed and chop 2 seedless cucumbers freeze 2 hours. Chill 4 tall glasses. Blend the frozen cucumbers, 3 ounces gin, 2 ounces elderflower liqueur, 12 cup fresh mint and 14 cup frozen lemonade concentrate until slushy. Pour into the glasses top with seltzer and stir. Garnish with cucumber.nPhotograph by Sarah Anne Ward, ingredients: [], title: Cucumber Cooler Slushies, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 48377: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, melt the butter over low heat with the 8 rosemary sprigs. Turn the heat to the lowest setting and allow the rosemary and butter to fuse together, but do not let the butter brown.nIn a medium skillet, saute the garlic, shallots, and chopped rosemary together in the 1 tablespoon olive oil until the garlic and shallots become fragrant. Then add the lobster meat and gently cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Lightly season the lobster meat with salt and pepper.nOn a clean surface, take a piece of bacon and lay it out lengthwise. Coat the eggplant slices lightly with olive oil and barely season with salt and pepper. Put a piece of the coated eggplant on top of the bacon, perpendicularly. Put a piece of mozzarella on top of the eggplant. Scoop a generous portion of the lobster and place on top of the cheese. Put another piece of eggplant on top of the lobster and create an eggplant sandwich. Wrap the bacon around the sandwich then gently put on a cookie sheet or ovensafe dish. Repeat this process until all the lobster is used.nRemove the rosemary sprigs from the butter and set them aside on a plate or clean surface. Pour the rosemary butter on top of the sandwiches until they are all saturated. Lightly season the sandwiches with salt and pepper before baking. Bake until the bacon has browned nicely, about 10 minutes. Garnish with the reserved rosemary sprigs. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 8 sprigs fresh rosemary plus 1 tablespoon finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for coating, 12 pound lobster tail meat, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 pound bacon, sliced paper thin, 1 large eggplant, thinly sliced into 3 by 2inch rectangular shapes, 8 medium slices buffalo mozzarella, sliced to shape the eggplant], title: Cindy Lobster Stuffed Eggplant, picturelink: Magqg5h4Xo8PcKEO2GLThez2.NI1RB2}, 48378: {instructions: Place a large pot of water on to boil. Add pasta and salt water. Cook to al dente.nWhile water comes to a boil, heat a deep skillet over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil and butter. To warm oil and butter add crushed red pepper flakes, garlic and shallots, saute 3 minutes, add shiitake mushrooms and cook until tender, 3 to 4 minutes more. Deglaze the pan with sherry or Marsala wine, scatter in crabmeat  feeling for shell bits as you go. Warm the ingredients through, a minute or so, stir in tomatoes and heat through, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in halfandhalf or cream and reduce heat to lowest setting.nDrain pasta when cooked to al dente and toss with sauce and crab. Top with cheese, if using, and basil., ingredients: [1 pound vermicelli, Salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 tablespoon butter, cut into small bits, 12 to 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, eyeball it, medium to spicy heat level, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and thinly sliced, 14 cup dry sherry or Marsala, 8 ounces, drained weight, lump crabmeat, shredded, 1 28ounce can crushed San Marzano tomatoes, 14 cup halfandhalf or cream, eyeball it, Shredded Romano or Parmigiano, your pick, optional, 10 to 12 basil leaves, shredded], title: Spicy Crab and Vermicelli, picturelink: N7Yo7zZzz3Z6Ud8SL5pBa8r.bRpk6VC}, 48379: {instructions: For the vegetable tian: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil a 9 by 13inch ceramic or glass baking dish. In a small bowl, combine the oil with the thyme, garlic, salt, and pepper.nArrange half of the vegetables in rows in the dish, interspersing the different types until the bottom of the dish is covered. Drizzle with half of the oil mixture. Make a final layer of mixed vegetables, and drizzle with the remaining oil mixture. Cover the top of the vegetables with lightly oiled parchment paper. Bake until the vegetables are tender, about 40 minutes.nRemove the vegetable tian from the oven, keep warm in a warm place, and increase the oven temperature to 450 degrees F.nFor the tuna: Season the tuna with the salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the tuna and cook, turning once, until seared on both sides, about 2 minutes. Uncover the tian and place the seared tuna fillets on top of the vegetables, spacing them evenly. Bake, uncovered, until the tuna is rare to mediumrare, about 5 minutes. Spoon equal amounts of the sauce in the centers of 6 warmed plates. Using a wide spatula, lift portions of the tuna and vegetables and transfer to the plates.nFor the sauce: Place the tomato confit, garlic confit, water, salt and pepper in a blender and process on high speed. With the machine running, drizzle in the oil and blend until the sauce is emulsified, about 1 minute. Transfer to a medium bowl and stir in the parsley and thyme. Set aside at room temperaturenPlace the tomatoes in a colander and toss with the salt. Let drain at room temperature for 2 hours. Pat the tomatoes dry with paper towels. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Place the tomatoes, garlic, and rosemary in a nonreactive 2quart saucepan. Add enough oil to cover the tomatoes. Cover the saucepan and bake until the tomatoes are very tender, but not falling apart, about 3 hours. Drain, discard the garlic and rosemary, and set the tomato confit aside for the sauce. The tomato confit can be prepared up to 3 days in advance, covered and refrigerated.nPlace the garlic cloves and 2 cups cold water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Drain. Repeat the procedure 2 more times. Return the drained garlic cloves to the saucepan and add the oil. Bring to a bare simmer over very low heat. Cook until the garlic is tender, about 40 minutes. Cool completely. Transfer to a 1pint canning jar, add enough oil to cover the garlic, and seal. The garlic confit can be prepared up to 3 weeks in advance, covered and refrigerated., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons fine sea salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded, and sliced into 1inch wide strips, 12 ounces fresh plum tomatoes, cut into 18inch thick rounds, 8 ounces zucchini, cut into 18inch thick rounds, 8 ounces Japanese eggplant, cut into 18inch thick rounds, 6 6ounce portions fresh tuna steaks, cut about 2 12inches thick, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup Tomato Confit, recipe follows, 13 cup Garlic Confit, recipe follows, 13 cup water, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 pound ripe plum tomatoes, peeled, halved, and squeezed to remove seeds, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 3inch  sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 12 cups olive oil, or as needed, 1 cup whole, peeled garlic cloves, 1 cup olive oil, plus more as needed], title: Seared Tuna with Tian of Provencal Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 48380: {instructions: Cook the pasta according to package directions. In a saucepan or skillet over low heat, warm the butter and cream. Season with salt and pepper. Place half of the Parmesan into a large serving bowl. Pour the warm buttercream mixture over the top. Drain the pasta and immediately pour it into the bowl. Toss a couple of times, and then sprinkle in the other half of the Parmesan. Toss to combine, thinning with pasta water if necessary. Serve immediately as a main course or accompaniment to meat or salad. Delicious, ingredients: [1 pound fettuccine noodles, 1 stick butter, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups freshly grated Parmesan], title: Fettuccine Alfredo, picturelink: null}, 48381: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn large bowl, stir together the apples, brown sugar, granulated sugar, flour, salt and lemon juice. Set aside and see how long you can keep from sneaking a slice of apple.nWith a rolling pin, begin rolling out the Perfect Pie Crusts into large circles. Roll the dough from the center outward. Be gentle and patient, itll take a little time to get the dough completely rolled out.nIf you think the bottom is really sticking to the surface below, use a nice, sharp spatula to loosen the dough and sprinkle some extra flour on top. Then flip it over to finish rolling. Remember to roll from the center in single, outward strokes, no backandforth rolling.nAgain with a spatula, loosen and lift the dough and carefully place the circles on large baking sheets.nPlace half the apple mixture on one crust and the other half on the other crust. Fold over the edges of each crust so that it covers 2 to 3 inches of the apple mixture. No need to be artistic  the more rustic the better. Dot the tops of the pies with chunks of the butter.nBake until the filling is golden and bubbly, 30 to 40 minutes. If the crust appears to brown too quickly, cover the edges with aluminum foil for the remaining baking time.nAllow to cool slightly, then slice into wedges with a pizza cutter. Eat em on the gonCombine the flour and salt in a large bowl. Add in the butter and shortening. Using a pastry cutter, gradually work the butter and shortening into the flour until the mixture resembles tiny pebbles. This step should take 3 or 4 minutes.nLightly beat the egg with a fork, and then add it to the mixture. Next, add in the cold water and vinegar. Stir the mixture together until its just combined, and then remove half the dough from the bowl., ingredients: [5 Granny Smith apples, peeled and sliced, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 recipe Perfect Pie Crust, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons butter, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks cold butter, 34 cup vegetable shortening, 1 egg, 5 tablespoons cold water, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar], title: Flat Apple Pie with Perfect Pie Crust, picturelink: ZYsfVuAbRD96qpMKKrvudtdzrIFY1jW}, 48382: {instructions: In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.nAdd KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated.nCool slightly. Using buttered hands shape mixture into twelve small drumsticks.nSpread peanut butter on large end of each drumstick, then dip in KELLOGGSu00ae COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Refrigerate until firm. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS: In microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 thru 4 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows,  OR , 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, Peanut butter, KELLOGGSu00ae COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal], title: Thanksgiving Drumstick Treats TM, picturelink: PR7DOLwCBB3iiDzDr3A95ch3fKii9ke}, 48383: {instructions: In a small pitcher, combine the seltzer, pear juice, cream of coconut and lime juice. Stir well. Pour into icefilled glasses. Add 14 cup rum per drink, if desired., ingredients: [One 12ounce can seltzer, 2 cups pear juice, 34 cup cream of coconut, 14 cup lime juice, Ice, for serving, 1 cup white rum, optional], title: Cool Colada, picturelink: Tl7xrgnDKQasvh0v5uq65Hlq0J5Zw5m}, 48384: {instructions: Prepare pasta according to package directions, drain and set aside. In a large pot combine the sauces, pepper, mushrooms and olives. Heat until hot but not bubbling. Slice pepperoni pieces in 12 and add to sauce. Remove from heat and combine with pasta. Pour into an 11 by 13inch baking pan. Combine the cheeses and sprinkle over pasta. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven until cheese is melted and sauce is bubbling., ingredients: [1 bag 12ounces penne pasta, 1 jar spaghetti sauce, 1 can pizza sauce, 1 green pepper, diced, 1 can sliced mushrooms, 1 cup sliced green olives, 1 package pepperoni, 1 cup grated mozzarella cheese, 1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese], title: Sharitas Pizza Pasta, picturelink: null}, 48385: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 5inch loaf pan with cooking spray and set aside.nRemove 3 pineapple slices from the can and reserve the juice and set aside. Chop remaining pineapple slices into small pieces and set aside.nIn a large bowl combine the cake mix, eggs, and 1 can of pineapple juice. Blend with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat for 3 minutes on medium speed. Stir in the chopped pineapple and combine well. Pour into the prepared loaf pan.nBake in the preheated oven until a toothpick, inserted into the center of the cake, comes out clean, about 45 to 50 minutes. Remove and cool completely.nIn a small pot over medium heat combine the reserved pineapple juice and 14 cup of water. Add the brown sugar and butter and bring to a simmer. Add the remaining 3 pineapple rings and saute for 4 minutes or until the sauce thickens slightly. Remove from the heat. Reserve.nTo serve, remove the pound cake from the pan and transfer it to a serving plate. Arrange pineapple rings on top and secure with toothpicks, if necessary. Pour the sauce over the cake and serve., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 8ounce can pineapple slices drained, juice reserved, 1 16ounce box pound cake mix, 2 eggs, 1 6ounce can pineapple juice, 14 cup water, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Pineapple Pound Cake, picturelink: tWD.du38TgYYMX0NMAsk75YnM7JiULq}, 48386: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nOn a plate, mix the sugar and cinnamon. In a medium, heavybottomed saucepan, add enough oil to come halfway up the sides of the pan. Heat over mediumhigh heat until a deep frying thermometer, inserted in the oil, reaches 350 degrees F. If you do not have a thermometer, test the oil with a piece of tortilla, which should sizzle when it touches the oil and should brown in about 2 to 3 minutes. One by one, fry tortillas until golden brown. With a slotted spoon, transfer the crisps to paper towels to drain. While still warm, transfer to cinnamonsugar mixture, turn to coat and serve., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 6 8inch flour tortillas, whole or cut into shapes], title: CinnamonSugar Crisps Bunuelos, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 48387: {instructions: In saucepan, layer the potatoes on the bottom. Then codfish, garlic then thyme. Season with salt then put enough milk in just to cover fish. Bring to a slow simmer covered with parchment paper. Simmer until fish is flaky and potatoes are tender. Remove the thyme bundle, drain the milk and process until smooth, in the bowl of food processor, using enough olive oil to smooth consistency. Season with salt and hot sauce, to taste, and stir in scallions. Serve with plantain chips.nTo a blender, add peppers and 1 cup of vinegar and puree. Add rest of vinegar if needed. Stir in pimento seeds. Store in a bottle or jar in refrigerator.nYield: 2 cupsnHeat oil to 350 degrees and fry chips in batches until crispy. Drain and sprinkle with salt., ingredients: [2 Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and small dice, 1 pound fresh codfish fillet, 1 12inch chunks, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 6 thyme sprigs, tied together, Salt, 1 pint milk, Olive oil, Cheryls Hot Sauce, recipe follows, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, Plantain chips, recipe follows, 10 whole Scotch bonnet peppers, rinsed and stems removed, 1 to 1 12 cups white vinegar, 10 whole pimento seeds, 2 green plantains, thinly sliced, Canola or corn oil, for frying, Salt], title: Codfish Mousse with Fried Plantain Chips, picturelink: null}, 48388: {instructions: For the stock: Sweat the coriander, fennel seeds, peppercorns, garlic and shallots in the butter in a heavybottomed pot this will help control the heat so you dont burn the ingredients. When the shallots are translucent, add the clams, white wine, thyme and bay leaves. Cover the pot to steam the clams, and as they begin to open, add the mussels. Gently simmer, covered, until the mussels and remaining clams open, about 3 minutes.nWhen all the shells are open, strain off the liquid and reserve, setting aside the shellfish to cool slightly until you can handle them. Shuck the meat out of all the shells, refrigerate and reserve for the sauce. Discard the vegetables and herbs.nFor the sauce: Cook the bacon in the same pot over medium heat to render the fat. This will help to make the roux later. When the bacon begins to brown, add 3 tablespoons of the butter, the garlic and shallots. Continue to sweat over medium heat until the shallots are translucent. Add the white wine and reduce until its almost dry au sec. Add the reserved shellfish stock and reduce by half. Remove from the heat and set aside on the stove.nMelt the remaining 1 stick butter in a separate small pot or deep saute pan to its bubbling point and stir in the flour very well with a wooden spoon, incorporating it while removing clumps. Cook 3 to 5 minutes over medium heat while stirring regularly. Add the roux to the bacon pan, and place over medium heat. Add the cold milk to the hot roux while stirring constantly. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. You will have to monitor it carefully and stir frequently so the flour doesnt stick to the bottom if it does, dont panic You can remove the sauce, clean the bottom of the pot and put it back in... phew Simmer 10 minutes, then add the carrots, celery and fennel, and continue cooking until the raw flour taste has been cooked out and the vegetables are tender they will add texture to the finished chowder, 10 minutes longer.nAdd the reserved mussels and clams. I use trim from the other fish I cook every day. Simmer 1 minute to heat through and add the parsley. Season with salt, garnish with the chives and serve immediately. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 shallots, finely diced, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups cold whole milk, 1 cup 13inchdiced carrots, 1 cup 13inchdiced celery, 1 cup 13inchdiced fennel, 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt, Finely sliced chives or green onions, for garnish, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon white peppercorns, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 4 shallots or 1 small onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 pounds fresh clams, 1 12 cups dry white wine I use sauvignon blanc, 6 to 8 sprigs fresh thyme, plus more if desired, 3 bay leaves, 2 pounds fresh mussels, 1 pound smoked bacon, cut into 12inch lardons, 1 stick plus 3 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped], title: BC Seafood Chowder Poutine, picturelink: null}, 48389: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the butter, shortening, 1 12 cups sugar and the eggs and mix thoroughly with an electric mixer on medium speed until creamy and well combined, 1 to 2 minutes. Sift together the flour, cream of tartar, baking soda and salt, and stir into the shortening mixture.nIn a small bowl, stir together the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar with the cinnamon.nShape the dough into 1 12inch balls 1 tablespoon per ball, and roll each ball in the cinnamonsugar. Arrange the dough balls 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheets. Bake two sheets at a time until the edges of the cookies are set but the centers are still soft, 8 to 10 minutes, rotating the sheets halfway through. Transfer the cookies to wire racks for cooling. Repeat with the remaining dough balls. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [12 cup salted butter, softened, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 medium eggs, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon], title: Snickerdoodles, picturelink: 14BTHcVsTvPn7AXPgE3GEGEd4jrMXm}, 48390: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil, 3 turns of the pan, in a soup pot or Dutch oven over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes, season with salt and pepper and lightly brown them, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the garlic and onions, and partially cover the pan to wilt the onions, 5 to 6 minutes more. Add the chickpeas, stock and 3 cups water, and bring to a low boil. Add the pasta and cook to al dente. Add the spinach, separating it with your fingers as you stir it in. Adjust the salt and pepper and serve the soup in shallow bowls topped with grated cheese.nGet Rachaels shopping list for this episodes recipes here., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large russet or Idaho potatoes, peeled and chopped, Salt and pepper, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, One 28ounce can chickpeas, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 cup ditalini pasta, 1 box chopped frozen spinach, defrosted and drained, Grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Chickpea and Potato Soup, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 48391: {instructions: Heat the Achiote Oil in a Dutch oven or other heavy 4 to 5quart pot with a tight fitting lid over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the Sofrito and alcaparrado and cook until the liquid is evaporated and the Sofrito is sizzling. Season with the salt, pepper, and cumin. Toss in the bay leaves.nRaise the heat to high and add the rice and corn. Cook, stirring, until the rice is coated with the oil and the grains begin to turn chalky, about 3 minutes. Pour in enough chicken broth to cover the rice by 1inch. Bring to a boil and cook until the level of the broth meets the level of the rice. Lower the heat to very low, stir the rice thoroughly but only once, and cover. Cook until the rice is tender but with a little bite and all the liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Fluff with a fork before serving.nHeat the oil and achiote seeds over medium heat just until the seeds give off a lively, steady sizzle. Dont overheat the mixture or the seeds will turn black and the oil a nasty green. Once theyre sizzling away, pull the pan from the heat and let stand until the sizzling stops. Strain as much of the oil as you are going to use right into the pan store the remaining oil for up to 2 days at room temperature in a jar with a tight fitting lid.nPlace the onion and cubanelle or Italian peppers in the work bowl of a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, add the remaining ingredients, 1 at a time, and process until smooth. The sofrito will keep in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. It also freezes beautifully., ingredients: [12 cup Achiote Oil, recipe follows, 1 cup Sofrito, recipe follows, 14 cup alcaparrado or coarsely chopped pimientostuffed olives, 2 tablespoons kosher or fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 bay leaves, 3 cups longgrain rice, 2 cups frozen corn kernels, defrosted, 5 cups chicken broth, homemade or storebought, as needed, 1 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons achiote annatto seeds, 2 medium Spanish onions, cut into large chunks, 3 to 4 cubanelle or Italian frying peppers, 16 to 20 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 large bunch cilantro, 3 to 4 ripe plum tomatoes, cored and cut into chunks, 1 large red bell pepper, cored seeded and cut into large chunks], title: Yellow Rice with Corn, picturelink: null}, 48392: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the lamb: Combine the wine, lemon juice, olive oil, garlic, lemon zest, oregano, rosemary and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour half the mixture over the lamb and turn to coat completely. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours and up to 24 hours. Refrigerate the remaining mixture to use for basting while the meat cooks.nOne hour before grilling, remove the lamb from the refrigerator and the marinade and let sit at room temperature.nPreheat a gas or charcoal grill with a rotisserie attachment to high heat.nSprinkle the entire lamb with salt and pepper and attach the lamb to the rotisserie according the manufacturers directions. Roll up and tie with butchers twine at 1inch intervals. Grill until the lamb reaches an internal temperature on a meat thermometer of 170 degrees F, 1 hour 15 minutes to 1 hour 30 minutes for the gas grill, and 1 hour 45 minutes to 2 hours for the charcoal grill. The cooking time will depend on the type of grill and how hot your charcoal is. Baste the meat frequently with the reserved wine mixture. Remove from the rotisserie, put on a large cutting board and rest for 15 minutes.nSlice the lamb across the grain into paper thin slices. Place several slices of lamb in the center of each flatbread, top with a few Grilled Plum Tomatoes, drizzle with the Vinaigrette, scatter fresh oregano on top, and top with Radish Tzatziki.nHeat a grill to mediumhigh. Brush the tomatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Grill until slightly charred and soft. Flip and grill the other side until slightly charred and soft.nWhisk the vinegar, lemon juice, mustard, honey and salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified.nPlace the radishes and onions in a medium strainer. Place a small plate on top and let sit over a bowl for 30 minutes to drain the liquid.nTransfer the drained radish mixture to a medium bowl and add the yogurt, garlic, dill, lemon zest, salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 1 day before serving., ingredients: [2 cups white wine, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, 8 cloves garlic, Zest of 1 lemon, Leaves from 3 large sprigs oregano, plus more for serving, Leaves from 3 large sprigs rosemary, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 boneless leg of lamb about 4 pounds, Kosher salt, Flatbread or pita pockets, warmed on the grill, for serving, Grilled Plum Tomatoes, recipe follows, 1 cup Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Radish Tzatziki, recipe follows, 8 plum tomatoes, ends removed, sliced into very thick rounds, Canola oil, for grilling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon clover honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup extravirgin Greek olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 34 cup finely grated radish, 14 small red onion, finely grated, 34 cup Greek yogurt, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Gyros with Radish Tzatziki, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 48393: {}, 48394: {instructions: Cook the polenta and when it is nearly ready, place the garlic, salt, and 2 12 cups arugula in a food processor or blender and pulse until it is evenly chopped. Add half the cream and process until it is well blended. Add the remaining cream, pulse just enough to mix, transfer the sauce to a small warm bowl, and stir in the grated cheese. Keep the sauce warm. Pour the polenta onto individual serving plateslow soup plates are idealand spoon the sauce over each portion. Quickly slice the reserved arugula into thin strips and scatter over the surface. Add several turns of black pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [Soft Polenta, cooked and warm, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups arugula leaves, cleaned and trimmed, 1 cup heavy cream, hot, 2 ounces ParmigianoReggiano, grated, Black pepper in a mill], title: Polenta with Arugula Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48395: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine green mango, papaya, string beans and lemon juice. Set aside for 5 minutes. In a wok or frying pan, heat oil, add garlic and fry until golden. Add onions and fry until clear. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside on absorbent kitchen paper.nTo the mango mixture add fish sauce, sugar, dried shrimp, chili, cilantro and dried chili flakes, if desired. Toss gently and chill.nServe on a bed of 2 Bibb lettuce leaves, with garnishes of tomato halves, peanuts, fried onion and garlic, ingredients: [1 green papaya, peeled and julienned, 2 large green mangoes, peeled and julienned, 1 pound haricots verts or long string beans, cut into 1inch sections, 6 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon ground dried shrimp, 1 teaspoon finely sliced fresh Thai Red Chili, 1 bunch cilantro, stems removed, 1 teaspoon dried chili flakes optional, 8 Bibb lettuce leaves to serve, 12 cherry tomatoes, cut in half to serve, 2 tablespoons roasted ground peanuts], title: Green Mango and Papaya Salad in Classic Thai Dressing Yam Mamuang, picturelink: null}, 48396: {instructions: In a baking dish, marinate the halibut with the olive oil, lemon pepper and lemon juice. Marinate for a couple of hours in the refrigerator. Use alderwood in grill if available for smoky Alaskan flavor. Place fish on hot barbecue grill and cook approximately 5 minutes per side depending on thickness.nIn a saute pan either on stove or grill place butter, cilantro and lemon juice. Cook until melted. Place fish on decorative plates and cover with sauce. Garnish with sprig of cilantro., ingredients: [4 pounds fresh halibut fillet, 2 cups olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon pepper, 2 lemons, juiced, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 lemon, juiced, Cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Eds Grilled Halibut, picturelink: null}, 48397: {instructions: Bring 2 cups water, 1 cup milk and a pinch of salt to a boil in a pot. Cut 4 ears corn into thirds add to the pot and cook until crisptender, 5 minutes, then drain. In the same pot, melt 4 tablespoons butter with 2 teaspoons Old Bay seasoning, a dash of green hot sauce and some salt. Toss the corn in the spicy butter.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Charm City Corn, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 48398: {instructions: Prepare Tyson chicken according to package directions. Set aside and keep warm.nSplit rolls and spread butter evenly on cut sides of both tops and bottoms. Place rolls on a baking sheet, butter side up, and sprinkle with garlic powder. Place baking sheet under broiler until rolls are golden brown.nMix together pesto and mayonnaise, spread onto garlic rolls. Place one prepared Tyson Chicken Breast Fillet on each garlic bun bottom, top with provolone cheese and a few slices from each bell pepper or use all red from a jar of roasted red peppers. Finish your sandwich with the garlic roll tops and enjoy, ingredients: [4 TYSONu00ae Chicken Breast Fillets, 1 roasted red bell pepper roast your own or use jarred roasted peppers, 1 roasted yellow bell pepper, 1 roasted orange bell pepper, 13 cup prepared pesto, 14 cup mayonnaise, 23 tablespoons garlic powder, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 ciabatta rolls, 4 slices provolone cheese], title: Roasted Pepper and Pesto Chicken Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 48399: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the egg whites and sugar and beat with a whisk until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the flour, salt, melted butter, heavy cream and vanilla with a rubber spatula until combined.nProp up each end of a long wooden spoon on a can or bowl youll use this to shape the taco shells. Heat a large nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat coat with cooking spray. Spoon 2 tablespoons of batter into the pan use a small offset spatula to spread the batter into an even 4 to 5inch pancake. Cook on the first side until golden brown at the edges, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown on the reverse side, about 1 more minute. Remove from the pan and immediately drape the pancake over the wooden spoon. Set aside to set, about 5 minutes. Repeat to make 8 to 10 tacos, wiping out the skillet and adding more cooking spray as needed.nPut the chocolate chips in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water stir until melted. Dip the edges of the taco shells in the melted chocolate and return to the wooden spoon let set, about 5 minutes. If making in advance, refrigerate until ready to serve. Fill the taco shells with ice cream and garnish with some chopped pecans.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 34 cup superfine sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch of kosher salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Nonstick cooking spray, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 1 pint salted caramel ice cream, slightly softened, 12 cup roasted pecans, chopped], title: Chocolate Tacos, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 48400: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine the sherry with the sugar and cook over high heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is dissolved. Add the rhubarb and cook until just tender, about 1 minute. Strain the cooking liquid in a colander set over a bowl, and reserve the rhubarb. Return the cooking liquid to the saucepan and boil over high heat until reduced to 12 cup, about 8 minutes.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan. Add the onions, cover, and cook over low heat, stirring, until softened about 15 minutes. Add the chicken stock and thyme and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Cover and simmer over low heat until the onions are tender, about 8 minutes.nIn a medium saucepan of boiling salted water, cook the fava beans for 2 minutes or until tender. Using a slotted spoon, transfer them to a bowl and refresh under cool running water. Drain the favas and add them to the onions.nLight a grill or heat a grill pan. Lightly oil the salmon fillets and season with salt and pepper. Grill the salmon over a medium hot fire, skin side down, until the skin is very crisp, about 4 minutes. Turn the salmon and grill over a medium fire until barely cooked through, about 4 minutes more, depending on the thickness of the fish.nTo serve, discard the thyme sprigs and rewarm the onions add the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Bring the sherryrhubarb liquid to a boil and add the cooked rhubarb. Cook over high heat, just until hot, about 1 minute. Spoon the rhubarb onto 4 large plates and over the onions. Top with the salmon and serve at once., ingredients: [1 12 cups dry fino sherry, 14 cup turbinado or palm sugar, 12 pound rhubarb, trimmed and cut on a bias, 1 pound spring onions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 sprig of thyme, Salt and pepper, 1 pound fava beans, shelled, Vegetable oil, 4 6ounce Copper River salmon fillets, skinon, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: Seared Copper River Salmon with Onions and Rhubarb, picturelink: null}, 48401: {instructions: Combine the rice flour and sugar and add to a saucepan containing the milk. Slowly bring to a boil whisking vigorously for about 2 minutes, taking care not to scorch the mixture. Add cardamom and saffron and continue stirring for 1 more minute. Remove from heat, and add rosewater. Pour pudding into individual serving glasses and let cool completely. Refrigerate for about 2 hours. Top surface completely with finely chopped pistachios and serve., ingredients: [34 cup rice flour, 34 cup sugar, 6 cups milk, 2 pods whole green cardamom, lightly crushed, Pinch saffron threads, 3 tablespoons rose water, Chopped pistachios, to garnish], title: Egyptian Rice Pudding, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 48402: {instructions: Place the popcorn kernels in a 2 12quart microwavesafe bowl. Cover completely with a microwavesafe plate. Microwave on high at 100 percent power until the popping slows down to about 4 seconds between each pop, 4 minutes and 45 seconds. Remove just the plate using a potholder or thick dish towel, being careful to avoid direct contact with the hot steam from the bowl. Then remove the bowl.nPlace the butter in a microwavesafe liquid measuring cup. Microwave on high at 100 percent power until the butter just melts, 45 seconds. If the butter is not melted enough, microwave again in 10second increments. Drizzle the popcorn with the butter, sprinkle with the salt and toss to distribute evenly., ingredients: [14 cup popcorn kernels, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Microwave Popcorn, picturelink: Knz6LSFDUMrGIwg5n4gh0p3.40.LbAu}, 48403: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine sour cream and yeast in a small bowl. Set aside until slightly bubbly, about 10 minutes. Using a wooden spoon, stir in egg until smooth. Set aside. Using 2 knives or a pastry cutter, cut butter into flour until it resembles coarse meal. Stir in sourcream mixture until dough comes together. On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 14inch thick. Cut into 2 12inch rounds. Transfer to ungreased cookie sheets, about 1 12 inches apart. Cover with a clean kitchen towel or plastic wrap. Let sit for 15 minutes. Make a thumbprint in the center of each cookie. Fill each thumbprint with 1 teaspoon preserves. Bake until edges are golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer pans to rack to cool. Let cookies cool on pans for 5 minutes. Remove cookies to rack. While cookies are still warm, drizzle with sugar glaze.nCombine sugar and butter. Add corn syrup, stirring to combine. Drizzle in milk a little at a time until the glaze has a runny consistency. Use immediately.nYield: about 34 cup, ingredients: [14 cup sour cream, room temperature, 1 package 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup fruit preserves, or more as needed, Sugar Glaze, recipe follows, 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons light corn syrup, 2 to 3 tablespoons whole milk], title: Kolachke Glazed Polish Pastry, picturelink: null}, 48404: {instructions: Simmer 1 14 pounds diced Yukon gold potatoes in salted water until tender, 12 minutes. Drain and pat dry. Heat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet. Add the potatoes and cook, stirring, until crisp, 8 minutes. Add 3 ounces diced pepperoni and 1 minced garlic clove cook 1 minute. Stir in 3 chopped scallions and season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: PotatoPepperoni Hash, picturelink: C3P1O7j6tL4tzcQ2iHOGKun4Udu4JiG}, 48405: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine cookie sheets with parchment paper. In a medium saucepan, melt butter and shortening over low heat and remove from heat. In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together eggs, sugar, molasses, spices, and salt. Whisk in butter and shortening mixture. In a small bowl, dissolve baking soda in warm water and add to mixture. Sift flour over batter and mix well. Slowly add boiling water and mix.nRoll to 14inch thickness and cut into gingerbread men using cookie cutters. Place on cookie sheets and bake until cookies are golden brown and edges are crisp and set, about 10 to 15 minutes. Cool gingerbread and decorate, as desired., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup shortening, 3 large eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup molasses, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon warm water, 2 cups all purpose flour, 1 cup boiling water], title: Santa Claus Gingerbread, picturelink: null}, 48406: {instructions: Roughly chop the 3 MUSKETEERSu00ae Brand Miniatures. In a heavy bottom pan, melt candy with milk, stirring constantly until smooth. Once melted, remove from heat immediately.nStir in the puffed cocoa cereal, mixing thoroughly. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto parchmentlined cookie sheets, making 40 mounds.nCool 510 minutes, or until cool enough to handle.nWith buttered fingers, roll mound into 1inch balls.nIf desired, roll balls in chopped nuts andor confectioners sugar, or simply leave them plain.nu00aeu2122u00a9 Mars, Inc. 2011, ingredients: [1 bag 3 MUSKETEERS, sup, u00ae, sup, Brand Miniatures, unwrapped, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 12 cups puffed cocoa cereal, 3 tablespoons finely chopped nuts walnuts or pecans, optional, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, optional], title: 3 MUSKETEERSandreg Fudge Krispy Truffles, picturelink: null}, 48407: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: In a blender or food processor, combine the peppers, vinegar, garlic, saffron, honey, and mustard and blend 30 seconds. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until it emulsifies. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nFor the snapper: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place cumin and coriander in a spice grinder and grind finely. Mix together the cumin, coriander, paprika and zest and place on a large plate. Score the fish on each side, season with salt and pepper and dredge 1 side in the spice mixture. Heat the olive oil in a large ovenproof saute pan, over high heat until smoking. Place the fish, spiceside down into the pan and saute until golden brown. Turn the fish over, place in the oven and continue cooking for 6 to 8 minutes or until cooked through. Fillet the fish and drizzle with the Yellow PepperSaffron Vinaigrette.nFor the broccoli: Heat oil in a medium Dutch oven over medium heat. Add anchovies and cook for 1 minute. Add garlic and cook until lightly golden brown. Add wine and bring to a simmer. Add broccoli and chicken stock, cover and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove cover and cook until all liquid has evaporated and the broccoli is tender., ingredients: [2 yellow peppers, charred on the grill, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, Pinch saffron threads, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 34 cup pure olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons whole cumin seeds, 3 tablespoons whole coriander seeds, 14 cup Spanish paprika, 2 tablespoons lemon zest, 2 tablespoons orange zest, 2 whole red snapper, 2 pounds each, scaled and gutted, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 anchovies, minced, 4 cloves garlic, finely sliced, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 pound broccoli, timmed and cut, 12 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Roasted Whole Red Snapper with Spanish Spices and SaffronYellow Pepper Vinaigrette with Braised Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 48408: {instructions: Special equipment: An ice cream makernHeat 1 cup of the sugar in a dry, heavy 10inch skillet over medium heat, stirring with a fork to heat the sugar evenly, until it starts to melt. Stop stirring and cook until it is dark amber, swirling the skillet occasionally so the sugar melts evenly.nAdd 1 14 cups of the cream the mixture will spatter and cook, stirring, until all of the caramel has dissolved. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the sea salt and vanilla. Cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, bring the milk, remaining 1 cup cream and remaining 14 cup sugar just to a boil in a small heavy saucepan, stirring occasionally.nLightly whisk the eggs in a medium bowl, then add half of the hot milk mixture in a slow stream, whisking constantly to temper. Pour back into the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the custard coats the back of a spoon and registers 170 degrees F on an instantread thermometer do not let it boil. Pour the custard through a finemesh sieve into a large bowl, then stir in the cooled caramel.nChill the custard, stirring occasionally, until very cold, 3 to 6 hours. Freeze the custard in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions it will still be quite soft, then transfer to an airtight container and put in the freezer to firm up., ingredients: [1 14 cups sugar, 2 14 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons flaky sea salt, such as Maldon, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup whole milk, 3 large eggs], title: SaltedCaramel Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 48409: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees F.nCombine the first 11 ingredients in a mediumsize mixing bowl pork through cayenne. Set aside.nTo form the dumplings, remove 1 wonton wrapper from the package, covering the others with a damp cloth. Brush 2 of the edges of the wrapper lightly with water. Place 12 rounded teaspoon of the pork mixture in the center of the wrapper. Fold over, seal edges, and shape as desired. Set on a sheet pan and cover with a damp cloth. Repeat procedure until all of the filling is gone.nHeat a 12inch saute pan over medium heat. Brush with vegetable oil once hot. Add 8 to 10 potstickers at a time to the pan and cook for 2 minutes, without touching. Once the 2 minutes are up, gently add 13 cup chicken stock to the pan, turn the heat down to low, cover, and cook for another 2 minutes. Remove wontons to a heatproof platter and place in the warm oven. Clean the pan in between batches by pouring in water and allowing the pan to deglaze. Repeat until all the wontons are cooked. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound ground pork, 14 cup finely chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons finely chopped red bell pepper, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 2 teaspoons ketchup, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 35 to 40 small wonton wrappers, Water, for sealing wontons, 3 to 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, for frying, 1 13 cups chicken stock, divided], title: Perfect Potstickers, picturelink: wZWK.OlGRBpmkMyYhZ9Xm9ix0k0nTm}, 48410: {instructions: In a small bowl, sprinkle the gelatin over the water and let soak about 10 minutes do not stir. Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan, heat the milk, vanilla bean, ground coffee, and sugar to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally to dissolve the sugar. As soon as it simmers, turn off the heat and add the gelatin mixture, stirring to dissolve the gelatin. If the gelatin doesnt completely dissolve in 3 minutes, return the mixture to the heat and warm gently until dissolved. Strain through a fine strainer or chinois. Pour the mixture into 6 to 8 ramekins or dessert cups. Chill, uncovered for 2 hours. Dip the cups in hot water for 10 seconds, then turn the panna cottas out onto dessert plates or, serve in the cups., ingredients: [3 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon powdered gelatin, 4 cups milk, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 2 tablespoons ground coffee, 12 cup sugar], title: Coffee Panna Cotta, picturelink: null}, 48411: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter the sides and bottom of a 9inch baking dish that is at least 2 inches deep or a 9inch springform pan.nPut the whole eggs plus the egg yolks and the sugar in the bowl of a mixer. Beat at high speed until you see pale yellow ribbons form.nMix in the rum and vanilla. Add the flour and mix well. Transfer to a mixing bowl.nIn the clean mixer bowl, whip the heavy cream to firm peaks, then fold it carefully into the egg mixture with a rubber spatula. Pour the batter into the buttered dish.nPeel and core the apple and pear and slice them crosswise into thin halfmoons. Arrange over the batter in the baking dish, alternating the apple and pear slices. Do not be concerned if they sink into the mixture they eventually will end up embedded in it. Place in the preheated oven and bake until the top has turned golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Serve warm or chilled., ingredients: [Butter for the baking dish, 3 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 red apple, such as Fuji, Gala or Rome Beauty, 1 ripe Anjou or Bartlett pear], title: Apple and Pear Gratin, picturelink: null}, 48412: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut a chicken cutlet between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and, using a rolling pin or the flat side of a meat mallet, pound it out about 14 inch thick. Season all over with some salt and pepper. Repeat with the remaining 3 cutlets.nWhisk the eggs in a large shallow bowl. Spread the panko in another large shallow bowl and stir in the grated Parmesan, Italian seasoning and basil. Have a large tray ready nearby. Dip a cutlet in the egg to coat all over, letting the excess drip off, and then press both sides into the panko, coating well. Set aside on the tray and repeat with the remaining 3 cutlets. Refrigerate the cutlets for 20 minutes.nSet a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add some canola oil and heat until hot you can check by dropping in a little bit of the panko mixture it should sizzle. Add 2 chicken cutlets and cook until the bottoms are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until the other sides are golden brown and the chicken is cooked through, about 2 more minutes. Transfer each cutlet to a dinner plate.nCarefully pour out and discard any remaining oil and crumbs in the skillet. Heat some more canola oil and cook the 2 remaining chicken cutlets. Top each cutlet with some Spicy Arugula and Parmesan shavings. Put a lemon wedge on each plate and serve.nPut the lemon juice, shallots, Dijon mustard and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed.nPut the arugula in another bowl. Drizzle some of the dressing around the sides of the bowl. Toss to lightly coat the arugula taste and season with additional salt and pepper if needed., ingredients: [4 chicken cutlets, 4 to 5 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus Parmesan shavings, for serving, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon dried basil, Canola oil, for frying, Spicy Arugula, recipe follows, Lemon wedges, for serving, 1 12 tablespoons freshlysqueezed lemon juice about 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, Heaping 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces arugula], title: Chicken Cutlets with Spicy Arugula, picturelink: p9aE7mJYJgvSKzT8xdB3BrqTZofHzdS}, 48413: {instructions: Prepare a marinade of salt and pepper, half the allspice, 1 garlic clove, chile, and half the lime juice. Place the fish in a bowl, cover with the marinade, and set aside for 1 hour. When ready to cook, place all of the remaining ingredients except the other half of lime juice and fish in a heavy pot and bring to a boil. When the water is at a rolling boil, place the fish in the liquid listen for the blaff and allow it to return to the boil. Remove the fish and serve them in bowls covered with their cooking liquid and the remaining lime juice. Blaff is traditionally served with white rice., ingredients: [Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 6 allspice berries, crushed, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 Scotch Bonnettype chile, pricked with a fork, 6 limes, juiced, 4 small red snappers, scaled and cleaned with the heads on, 1 12 quarts water, 1 small onion, sliced, 1 bouquet garni: 1 sprig fresh thyme or 14 teaspoon dried, 2 chives, 1 sprig parsley], title: Blaff, picturelink: null}, 48414: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a mixing bowl and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 cup chopped fresh lavender, 14 cup honey, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup grain mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lavender Mustard, picturelink: null}, 48415: {instructions: Whisk the mango juice, oil, lemon juice, coriander, clove powder, salt, and pepper together in the bottom of a salad bowl. Add the mint, onion, tomatoes, mango, and cilantro and toss well. Taste the dressing and season again with salt, and pepper, if necessary. Let the dressing sit for 5 minutes before serving.nPer Serving: Calories 140 Total Fat 10.5 grams Saturated Fat 1 gram Protein 1 gram Total Carbohydrate 12 grams Sugar: 9 grams Fiber 2 grams Cholesterol 0 milligrams Sodium 150 milligrams, ingredients: [14 cup mango juice, 3 tablespoons flaxseed oil or extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Pinch coriander powder, Pinch clove powder, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint, 14 cup minced red onion, 1 cup baby tomatoes cherry or grape, cut in half, 1 cup ripe mango chunks, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mango and Baby Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 48416: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPlace the garlic, shallots and mushrooms in a food processor and pulse to chop finely.nHeat the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the chopped mushroom mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the white wine reduce over high heat until the mixture is dry. Off the heat, stir in creme fraiche, Dijon and salt and pepper to taste. Set aside to cool slightly.nSprinkle the salmon fillets with salt and pepper on both sides. Set aside.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll 1 sheet of the puff pastry into a 12by8inch rectangle, and then cut into quarters. Place a small stack of spinach leaves on the short side of two of the quarters. Top with a salmon fillet and about 2 tablespoons of the mushroom mixture. Brush the pastry edges lightly with egg wash, top with the remaining quarters and crimp the edges. Place the packages on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining puff pastry sheets and ingredients.nBrush the tops of the Wellingtons with egg wash, and cut vents with the tip of a sharp knife.nBake until puffed and golden, about 15 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes. Serve with DillandCaper Creme Fraiche Sauce.nIn a small bowl, whisk to combine the creme fraiche, cream, dill, capers and some salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, 1 shallot, roughly chopped, 12 ounces cremini mushrooms, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoons creme fraiche, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Six 3ounce centercut salmon fillets, skinless, Allpurpose flour, for dusting work surface, 3 sheets puff pastry, defrosted if frozen, 2 cups baby spinach leaves, 1 egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon water, DillandCaper Creme Fraiche Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Salmon Wellingtons, picturelink: iA5ZF0vCnBP6BH4XW2eyewMUgiu7Pb6}, 48417: {instructions: For the cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa, salt and baking powder. In another large bowl using an electric mixer, beat the butter and granulated sugar on medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the yolks and beat until combined. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture and beat until well combined. Divide the dough into 2 pieces.nLightly dust a piece of parchment with cocoa powder. Roll 1 piece of dough on the prepared parchment to between 14 inch and 18 inch thick. Using a 2 14inch round, fluted cookie cutter, stamp out as many cookies as you can. Transfer the cookies to the prepared sheets. Roll and cut the remaining dough you can reroll the scraps once. Chill the unbaked cookies for 10 to 15 minutes.nBake until the cookies are set and the tops look dry, 14 to 16 minutes, rotating the sheets halfway through cooking. Transfer the cookies to a rack to cool completely, about 45 minutes.nFor the filling: Beat the confectioners sugar and butter with an electric mixer until smooth. Add just enough milk to make a creamy filling. Beat in the mint extract.nWhen the cookies are cool, flip half of them over. Spread or pipe about 1 heaping tablespoon of the filling on the flipped cookies. Top with the other halves and press together gently., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, plus more for rolling, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 3 large egg yolks, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 to 3 tablespoons milk, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon mint extract], title: Chocolate Mint Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: QUj7O7kLlVLf7pzImszrhUFX.1zzga}, 48418: {}, 48419: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the chicken with the soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, black pepper and habanero in a resealable plastic bag. Marinate overnight, refrigerated.nRemove the chicken from the bag and pat dry reserve the marinade.nHeat a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. Add the chicken skinside down and cook until brown, about 4 minutes. Remove the chicken and set aside. Add the onion and garlic and cook until the onions soften and are slightly translucent, about 5 minutes. Strain the marinade and add it to the Dutch oven along with 4 cups water. Return the chicken to the pan and bring to a slow simmer. Add the bay leaves and cook until the chicken is tender and the sauce has reduced, about 20 minutes. Finish with the fresh parsley.nServe with jasmine rice and lime wedges., ingredients: [8 bonein, skinon chicken thighs, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup distilled vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 habanero, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cups thinly sliced onions, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup fresh parsley, finely chopped, 4 cups steamed jasmine rice, 4 lime wedges], title: Filipino Adobo Chicken, picturelink: ukD730KJR7njVza9p8h9q633q1kDGsO}, 48420: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, beat the 3 eggs with the milk. Slowly mix in the flour and salt. On a floured surface roll out dough until it is about 12inch thick. Cut into small pieces about 12 by 12inch in diameter and boil in a large pot for 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and rinse in cold water. Refrigerate if not being used immediately. When ready to serve, melt the butter in a frying pan and saute for a few minutes, until golden brown., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, 1 cup milk, Dash salt, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Spaetzle, picturelink: null}, 48421: {instructions: Use a meat mallet to slightly reduce the thickness of each steak. Spread both sides of each steak with a thin coating of Dijon mustard. Sprinkle with salt and cover both sides with coarsely ground black pepper. Heat olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook the steaks 3 to 4 minutes on each side. The steaks should be rare at this point. Set them aside and lightly cover them so they stay warm. Do not wash out the pan.nMushroom, Green Peppercorn and Dijon sauce: Heat the butter in a medium sized saute pan over mediumhigh heat and saute the garlic and shallots for approximately 1 minute. Add the mushrooms, raise the heat to high, and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Add beef stock, cream, and mustard, and then reduce the sauce by 12. Once the sauce is made, reheat the skillet, in which the steaks were cooked, to mediumhigh heat. Add the steaks and cook for another 2 minutes on each side for a mediumrare steak. Transfer them to dinner plates, which have been coated with the mushroom Dijon sauce. Once you plate the steaks, spoon more of the sauce on top of each steak. Serve with Pommes Frites, Aioli, and Vegetable Relish.nThoroughly clean the outer surface of the russets and peel the skin using a vegetable peeler. Slice the potatoes lengthwise into thick strips. Pour enough vegetable oil in a pot to cover the potato slices. Once the oil is hot, carefully put the potato strips into the pot and fry them until they are brown and crispy. Remove the potatoes from the pot and drain the excess oil onto paper towels. Salt and pepper, to taste, while the potatoes are still hot. Serve with a fresh Garlic Aioli Dipping Sauce.nFinely mince 1 or 2 cloves of garlic in a food processor. Add in the egg yolks and then squeeze the juice from a couple of lemons into the processor bowl. Blend the ingredients together until they fully integrate. While the mixture processes, slowly drizzle in olive oil until the sauce emulsifies.nDice all of the ingredients and combine them in a medium sized bowl. Stir the diced vegetables together, until they are fully integrated., ingredients: [14 cup whipping cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons green peppercorns, packed in brine, Salt, Pommes Frites, recipe follows, 2 12 to 16ounce boneless New York cut shell steaks, tenderized, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Coarsely ground black pepper, to cover both sides of steak, Olive oil, for sauteing, Salt, to taste, 4 tablespoons whole, unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup shallots, minced, 8 ounces white mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup beef stock, Garlic Aioli Sauce, recipe follows, Fresh Vegetable Relish, recipe follows, 2 to 3 large russet potatoes, Vegetable oil, for frying, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 lemons, halved, 4 to 6 egg yolks, Olive oil, 1 to 2 celery stalks, diced, 4 Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 cucumber, diced, 1 red onion, diced, 1 to 2 carrots, diced, Feta cheese, crumbled, Fresh dill, chopped], title: Steak au Poivre with a Mushroom, Green Peppercorn, and Dijon Sauce and Pommes Frites with a Garlic Aioli Dipping Sauce and a Fresh Vegetable Relish, picturelink: null}, 48422: {instructions: Line a plate with paper towels. Line a rimmed baking sheet with a silicone mat and set aside.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to the prepared plate. Pour off all but a film of the grease on the bottom of the pan. Just eyeball it instead of trying to measure, but it should be just about 12 teaspoon discard the remaining grease.nTo make the salad, return the skillet to low heat. Add the onion and the diced apple. Season with salt and pepper. Add the kale cook until the kale begins to wilt, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes. Add the vinegar cover, and cook until just tender, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat, taste, and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to broil. Place the finely chopped pecans in a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Roll the goat cheese log in the pecans to evenly coat. Refrigerate until firm if necessary, then cut evenly into 6 rounds and place each round of cheese on the sliced apple. Place on the prepared baking sheet. Transfer to the oven and broil until the cheese is melted and browned, 3 to 5 minutes.nTo serve, divide the kale salad among the plates. Top with an applecheese round and garnish with the reserved bacon. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 centercut bacon slices, cut into lardons, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 apple, such as Gala, Granny Smith, or Honeycrisp, skin on, cored and diced, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups tender kale, stemmed and cut into chiffonade, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons very finely chopped pecans, 1 6ounce log goat cheese, 1 small apple, such as Gala, Granny Smith, or Honeycrisp, skin on with core, cut crosswise into 14inchthick slices], title: BaconWilted Greens with Warm PecanCrusted Goat Cheese, picturelink: 9yELOGRSIqnS0Z1JbrGrB4mxyCr7l6u}, 48423: {instructions: Combine the flour, salt, and pepper. Dredge the chicken in the seasoned flour.nIn a large pot, heat some olive oil over medium high heat and sear the chicken in batches to avoid overcrowding the pan. When all the chicken is seared return it to the pot.nHeat some olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat, and saute the leeks, shallots, carrots, and celery adding more oil as necessary. Add the sauteed vegetables, bay leaf, thyme, cider, chicken stock, and salt to the pot with the chicken. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, cover and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes. Arrange the dumplings into 12 portions on top of the chicken in the pot. Cover and simmer for 12 minutes until the dumplings are plump and fully cooked.nDiscard the bay leaf. Serve the stewed chicken with dumplings and juices from the pot.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the chicken bones on a baking sheet and roast for 40 minutes.nIn a large stockpot place the roasted chicken bones and water. Over high heat bring to a boil. Skim the fat and foam from the surface of the water. Add the vegetables, herbs, peppercorns, and garlic. Reduce the heat to medium low and gently simmer for 4 hours. Strain the stock through a fine mesh strainer. Store in the refrigerator for 5 days or freeze.nSift together the flour, cornmeal, dill, if using, baking powder, mustard, and salt. Add the cream and mix until the dough just comes together., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 112 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 pounds chicken parts legs, thighs, and breasts, Olive oil, for searing and sauteing, 6 leeks, white parts only, thinly sliced, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 6 carrots, halved lengthwise and sliced, 2 celery stalks with leaves, sliced, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon thyme leaves, chopped, 12 cup apple cider, 3 12 cups chicken stock, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, Dumplings, recipe follows, 5 pounds chicken bones, well rinsed, 20 cups cold water, 2 carrots, chopped about 8 ounces, 2 onions, chopped about 1 pound, 2 stalks celery, chopped about 4 ounces, 1 leek, sliced about 4 ounces, 3 sprigs fresh Italian parsley, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 112 cups flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, optional, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 34 teaspoon salt, 114 cups light cream], title: Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 48424: {instructions: Add Buchanans and cola Serve over ice., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Buchanans, 1 oz. cola], title: Buchanans Negra, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 48425: {instructions: In a saucepan, saute shallots and ginger in 1 tablespoon of butter. Add polenta, lemons, stock, salt, pepper and butter. Check for seasoning. Stir well and cover tightly. Bake in 400degree oven for 1 hour. A crust will form. Break through crust for polenta., ingredients: [3 cups polenta, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 14 cup minced shallots, 12 cup fine dice preserved lemons, 3 cups chicken stock, Salt and black pepper to taste, 4 tablespoons butter], title: Preserved Lemon Polenta, picturelink: null}, 48426: {instructions: Special equipment: a 4 12inch round cookie cutter or bowl, a nonstick standard 6cup muffin tin, 6 muffin liners and a kitchen blowtorch, optionalnBeat the butter in a medium bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth. Add the sugar and salt and continue to beat until evenly combined. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, then beat in the egg yolk. Add half of the flour, beating until just crumbly. Scrape down the bowl again add the remaining flour and the sour cream, beating just until the dough is evenly moistened. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead lightly to bring it together.nRoll the dough between 2 generously floured sheets of waxed or parchment paper into a circle about 14inch thick. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nCut out six 4 12inch rounds using an inverted bowl or round cookie cutter. Place a round in each cup of a nonstick standard 6cup muffin tin and use a small shot glass or your fingers to press each round into the corners and about halfway up the sides for a snug fit. Freeze the dough in the muffin tin for 15 to 30 minutes.nPosition a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Spray the outside of 6 standard muffin liners with cooking spray and place 1 on top of each dough cup. Fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake until the crusts are just brown around the edges, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool for about 1 minute then carefully remove the muffin liners and baking beans. Return the muffin tin to the oven and continue baking until the crusts are cooked through and evenly browned, 15 to 20 minutes more. Cool slightly, then carefully remove the crusts from the muffin tin and cool completely on a rack.nCombine the sugar, cornstarch and egg yolks in a nonreactive saucepan. Cook over mediumlow heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture is smooth and the sugar dissolves, about 1 minute. Add the lime juice and lemon zest and juice and continue to cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture is as thick as sour cream and is just about to simmer, 3 to 4 minutes. Take care to stir into the sides of the saucepan so that all the curd thickens evenly.nStrain through a finemesh strainer into a bowl. Whisk in the butter a little at a time, until smooth. Stir occasionally until cool. Setting the bowl in a larger bowl of ice will speed this up.. Fill each tartlet with 1 12 tablespoons of the cool lemon filling.nBring a few inches of water to a boil in a saucepan that can hold a stand mixers bowl above the water. Whisk together the sugar, egg whites, cream of tartar and salt in the bowl by hand. Set the bowl above the boiling water and heat, whisking, until the mixture is hot to the touch 135 degrees F and the sugar dissolves, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the bowl to the mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat the whites at mediumhigh speed until they hold soft peaks. Increase the speed to high and continue to beat to make a stiff, cool meringue, about 10 minutes. Dollop or pipe on top of the filling.nJust before serving, brown the merinque with a kitchen blow torch. Alternatively, preheat the broiler to high. Set the pies on a baking sheet and place under the broiler until the meringue is evenly toasted, about 2 minutes. Serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor Busy Bakers:nThey can be refrigerated for up to 2 days These also freeze wonderfully They can be assembled and frozen up to 1 week in advance. Defrost for 20 minutes before broiling the tops and serving.nTo make ahead in stages:n The crusts can be made, baked and frozen up to 2 weeks.n The curd can be made up to 3 days in advance and refrigerated.n The meringue can be made up to 1 day in advance and refrigerated., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons sugar, Pinch fine salt, 1 large egg yolk, 34 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring, 1 teaspoon sour cream or yogurt, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the muffin liners, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 4 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice about 1 lime, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest plus 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed, 14 cup egg whites about 2 large eggs, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch fine salt], title: Little Lemon Meringue Pies, picturelink: Q3Xly92XhwmgpYw8m9xQeJiEAWQSRa}, 48427: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook as the label directs. Meanwhile, heat a large skillet over mediumlow heat and add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Scatter the leeks in the skillet and season with 1 teaspoon each salt and sugar. Cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the pasta, reserving about 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Add the pasta and the reserved cooking liquid to the skillet with the leeks. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, 1 teaspoon sugar and the balsamic vinegar. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and add the radicchio and cheese. Toss until the cheese melts, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and top with the hazelnuts.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces wholewheat spaghetti, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 large leeks, white and lightgreen parts only, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar preferably aged, 1 small head radicchio, halved, cored and thinly sliced, 6 ounces creamy Italian cheese, such as fontina or taleggio, cubed, 14 to 13 cup hazelnuts, toasted and chopped], title: WholeWheat Spaghetti with Leeks and Hazelnuts, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 48428: {instructions: Mix together ingredients for sauce and brush on vegetables. Allow to marinate about 12 hour. Grill vegetables., ingredients: [12 cup butter or margarine, melted, 13 cup cider vinegar, 13 cup honey, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon marjoram, Dash pepper, 4 red bell peppers, cored, seeded and cut in half, 1 large red onion, cut into 12inch thick slices, 4 large portobello mushrooms], title: Honey Bbq Grilled Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 48429: {instructions: On a dinner plate, mix together the flour, tumeric and cumin. Season the fillets with salt and pepper and dredge in the flour mixture. In a large saute pan on high heat, coat lightly with oil and pan sear the fillets until brown on both sides, about 4 to 5 minutes a side. Let fish rest 5 minutes to carry over before serving. In a medium, nonreactive saucepan on medium heat, coat lightly with oil and saute the onions and ginger until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the preserved lemons, tomatoes and juice. Season and check for flavor. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, until tomatoes are melted. Pull off stove and keep at room temperature. Check again for seasoning. Add the parsley right before serving.nIn a large saute pan, coat with olive oil and saute the garlic and shallots until soft, about 2 minutes. Season and add shiitakes. Saute for 3 to 5 minutes until soft and deglaze with wine. Reduce by 50 percent then add orzo to heat thoroughly. Right before serving, stir in basil oil.nPLATING: Place a small mound of orzo in the middle of the white dinner plate. Top with fillet of Mahi and top the fish with the chutney. Drizzle some basil oil and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 cup chick pea flour, 12 tablespoon ground turmeric, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 4 6 to 8 ounce fillets mahimahi, preferable center cut, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, 1 red onion, 14inch dice, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 12 cup preserved lemon, 14inch dice 1 large lemon, 3 cups ripe tomatoes, 14inch dice 2 large tomatoes, 2 lemons, juiced, 12 cup chopped flat leaf parsley, plus extra for garnish, Extra virgin olive oil, for cooking, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup minced shallots, 2 cups sliced shiitakes, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 cups blanched orzo about 12 pound dry, 14 cup basil oil, plus extra for garnish Already made: 1 cup basil, 12 cup spinach, 12 cup canola oil, pinch of salt. Blanch in salted water, 2 minutes, drain, and blend with oil., Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pan Seared MahiMahi with Preserved LemonTomato Chutney Thai BasilShiitake Orzo, picturelink: null}, 48430: {instructions: Trim the haricots verts, then blanch in boiling water and refresh in cold water. Drain and season with 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt, pepper and thyme, to taste. Reserve in a bowl.nCut the onion into 14inch round slices. In a small saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil. Saute the onions until caramelized, about 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Reserve in a bowl.nIn a small bowl, toss together the roasted peppers and 18 cup Nigoise Salad Dressing. Reserve.nCut the potatoes into 14inch round slices. Place in a small bowl, add 14 cup Nigoise Salad Dressing, and toss until well blended. Reserve.nIn a small bowl, toss together the tomatoes and 18 cup Nigoise Salad Dressing. Reserve.nTo make crostini: Arrange the bread slices in a baking tray. Brush with olive oil and bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 6 to 8 minutes. Allow to cool, then rub with garlic clove. For each of the crostini, spread 1 tablespoon Herbed Goat Cheese and top with 1 teaspoon Black and Green Olive Tapenade.nIn a small saucepan, over high heat, add the remaining 2 to 2 12 tablespoons olive oil and sear tuna fillets until all sides are brown, about 1 to 2 minutes, keeping the centers rare. Remove from heat and slice each tuna fillet into 5 round slices.nIn a medium mixing bowl, toss together the mixed baby lettuces with 14 cup Nigoise Salad Dressing.nTo serve, divide the haricots verts, onion, bell peppers, potatoes, tomatoes, and olives into 6 portions. For each plate, arrange 3 portions of each ingredient by placing them in a clockwise fashion, starting with the haricots verts at 1, 5, and 9 oclock positions near the rim of the plate. Continue to place the onion, bell peppers, potatoes, tomatoes, and olives between the haricots verts. Place quail egg halves over the peppers and an anchovy over the potatoes. Mound half of the lettuce in the center of each plate. Arrange the tuna slices on the side of the salad and top the lettuce with the crostini.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together lemon juice, vinegar, mustard, garlic, and shallots. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to emulsify. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and sugar. Refrigerate in a covered container. When ready to use, whisk again.nYield: 2 12 cupsnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Pizza, Pasta  More, Random House, 2000 .nIn a food processor, combine all the ingredients, except the olive oil and crostini. Using the pulse button, process until coarsely chopped and well blended. Continue to process, slowly adding the olive oil. Refrigerate in a covered container. Spread on homemade crostini, recipe follows.nYield: 1 heaping cupnHerbed Goat Cheese: 2 teaspoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 1 7 or 8ounce log goat cheesenCombine the parsley, chives, thyme, and pepper and place on a flat surface. Roll the log of cheese in the mixture, coating all sides and retaining the shape of the log. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until needed.nYield: 1 lognOvendried Tomatoes: 12 medium Roma tomatoes 2 pounds 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, plus additional as needed 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves 6 garlic cloves, crushed 12 teaspoon kosher salt 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 12 teaspoon sugarnPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a pot of boiling water, blanch tomatoes. Drain and refresh in ice water. Drain. Peel, core, cut into quarters, and remove seeds.nLine a baking tray with parchment paper and arrange the tomato quarters on the tray, cut side down. Drizzle generously with olive oil. Sprinkle with thyme and garlic. In a small bowl, combine salt, pepper and sugar, and sprinkle evenly over the tomatoes.nBake until the tomatoes begin to shrivel, about 1 hour. When the tomatoes are cool enough to handle, transfer to a container. Pour olive oil over and cover the container. Refrigerate and use as needed.nYield: 1 14 cupsnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Pizza, Pasta  More, Random House, 2000 ., ingredients: [4 ounces haricots verts, 6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Fresh thyme leaves, minced, 1 medium onion, peeled, trimmed, and sliced, 1 red bell pepper, roasted, peeled, cored, seeded, trimmed, and cut into 14inch strips, 1 yellow bell pepper, roasted, peeled, cored, seeded, trimmed, and cut into 14inch strips, 34 cup Nigoise Salad Dressing, recipe follows, 6 ounces fingerling potatoes, boiled and peeled, 1 cup red and yellow pear and Sweet 100 cherry tomatoes, cut in halves, 2 slices bread, preferably sourdough, 12 garlic clove, peeled, 2 tablespoons Herbed Goat Cheese, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons Black and Green Olive Tapenade, recipe follows, 2 6ounce centercut Ahi tuna fillets, seasoned with freshly cracked coriander seeds, cracked black pepper, and kosher salt, to taste, 4 cups mixed baby lettuces, washed and dried, 6 tablespoons pitted Nigoise olives, 3 quail eggs, boiled, peeled, and halved, 6 anchovy fillets, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 12 cups extra virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground white pepper, Sugar, 1 cup Nigoise olives, pitted, 1 cup small green French olives Picholine, pitted, 14 cup ovendried tomatoes, drained, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 clove garlic, 1 anchovy fillet, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil], title: Grilled Ahi Tuna Nicoise Salad, picturelink: null}, 48431: {instructions: 1 box 18.25ounce spice cake mix, Betty Crockern1. Preheat oven to 350degreesF. Lightly coat an angelfood cake pan or fluted tube pan with cooking spray. Set aside.n2. In a large mixing bowl, combine cake mix, yogurt, and eggs. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl beat for 2 minutes on medium speed. Spoon batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes or until cake tester inserted in center comes out clean. Cool cake in pan for 15 minutes. Turn cake out onto a wire rack and cool completely.n3. In a small bowl, stir together frosting and the garam masala. Frost cake top with frosting. Sprinkle walnuts over frosting., ingredients: [Makes 12 servings, 1 12 cups lowfat vanilla yogurt, 3 eggs, 1 can 16ounce cream cheese frosting, Betty Crocker, 1 tablespoons garam masala, McCormick Gourmet Collection, 1 cup chopped walnuts, Diamond], title: Cream Vanilla Spiced Cake, picturelink: null}, 48432: {instructions: In a hot pan, saute garlic and ginger in a little canola oil. Check for seasoning. Add shiitakes and cook until soft. In a bowl, mix hot rice with shiitakes. Form triangles with hands.n1 pound glutinous rice 2 14 cups 1 large banana leaf or cheeseclothnWash rice until water is clear. Cover rice with cold water and vanilla extract and soak overnight. Drain rice and place in steamer lined with banana leaf or cheesecloth. If using leaf, make sure there is a 2 to 3inch circle in the middle and small holes punched out. This will allow steam to pass through the leaf. Steam on high heat for 45 minutes, rice should be fully cooked but not mushy., ingredients: [2 cups sliced shiitakes, 3 cups steamed glutinous rice, recipe below, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 pound glutinous rice 2 14 cups, 1 large banana leaf or cheesecloth], title: Shiitake Sticky Rice, picturelink: null}, 48433: {instructions: In a deep, medium skillet, bring water to a boil. Add quartered potatoes and simmer 12 minutes, until fork tender. Begin other recipes in your menu.nDrain potatoes in a colander set over a pot. Allow the stock to cool and refrigerate for another use. Return the pan you cooked the potatoes in to heat over medium high. Add extravirgin olive oil and butter, then, when butter melts add potatoes. Season potatoes with salt, pepper and chopped thyme. Coat and brown the potatoes, turning only occasionally, 7 or 8 minutes., ingredients: [1 quart water, 2 pounds small red skin potatoes, quartered, 1 tablespoon, extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons, 5 or 6 sprigs, fresh thyme, leaves stripped and chopped], title: Red Potatoes and Thyme, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 48434: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the cranberries in pot with the sugar, orange peel and juice and 12 to 1 cup water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat a bit and let it bubble away until the cranberries burst and form a sauce remove the orange peels. Let cool to room temperature or chill.nMelt the butter in a small skillet over medium heat and cook the celery, carrot and onion until very tender, 10 minutes. Add the sherry and cook to evaporate, then turn off the heat and let cool.nPlace the turkey in a bowl and season with the cloves, nutmeg and some salt and pepper. Moisten the breadcrumbs with the milk and squeeze off the excess, then add to the meat along with the egg. Add the hazelnuts, pine nuts, parsley, rosemary, thyme, sage and cooled vegetables and mix to combine. Form 4 miniature loaves and place on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake until cooked through, 20 to 30 minutes.nServe individual meatloaves with the cranberry sauce on the side., ingredients: [Half 12ounce bag fresh cranberries, 13 cup sugar, 1 orange, peel cut into strips and juiced, 1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small rib celery with leafy top, finely chopped, 12 carrot, peeled and grated or finely chopped, 14 onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons dry sherry or white wine, 34 pound ground turkey, 94 percent lean, Small pinch ground cloves, A few grates fresh nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup fresh breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons milk, 12 large beaten egg, 2 tablespoons chopped hazelnuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 4 to 5 leaves sage, very thinly sliced, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Nutty Turkey Loaf with Cracked Cranberry and Orange Sauce, picturelink: u0H0QDsWwpBicV4PVYUcswoMrw7Ee}, 48435: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the bread cubes on a sheet pan and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until lightly browned. Set aside.nMeanwhile, heat the oil and butter in a large 12inch saute pan over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook for 5 minutes, until starting to brown. Stir in the leeks and cook over medium heat for 8 to 10 minutes, until the leeks are tender. Stir in the mushrooms, tarragon, sherry, 1 tablespoon salt and 112 teaspoons pepper and cook for 10 to 12 minutes, until most of the liquid evaporates, stirring occasionally. Off the heat, stir in the parsley.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs, cream, chicken stock and 1 cup of the Gruyere. Add the bread cubes and mushroom mixture, stirring well to combine. Set aside at room temperature for 30 minutes to allow the bread to absorb the liquid. Stir well and pour into a 2 12to3quart gratin dish 13 x 9 x 2 inches. Sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup Gruyere and bake for 45 to 50 minutes, until the top is browned and the custard is set. Serve hot.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [6 cups 12inchdiced bread cubes from a rustic country loaf, crusts removed, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 ounces pancetta, smalldiced, 4 cups sliced leeks, white and light green parts 4 leeks, 1 12 pounds cremini mushrooms, stems trimmed and 14inchsliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 14 cup medium or dry sherry, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 4 extralarge eggs, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 12 cups grated Gruyere cheese 6 ounces, divided], title: Mushroom and Leek Bread Pudding, picturelink: 3jkUDi5FZ431QgTO4FtFCr1NFsJCPD6}, 48436: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nSpread bread slices thinly on 1 side with 12 stick butter. In a small bowl stir together 14 cup granulated sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg and sprinkle evenly over buttered sides of bread. Arrange bread, buttered sides up, on baking sheets and toast in batches in middle of oven until just golden, about 15 minutes. Cool cinnamon toast on racks and quarter each slice into triangles, reserving 24 triangles.nPeel, quarter, and core apples. Cut apples lengthwise into thin slices and in a bowl toss with lemon juice. In a large heavy skillet melt remaining 12 stick butter with brown sugar over moderately high heat, stirring, and add apples and water. Cook mixture, covered, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Remove lid and cook apples until just tender and most liquid is evaporated, about 5 minutes more.nButter a 9cup oval gratin dish or a 13 by 9 by 2inch shallow baking dish about 3 quarts. Arrange 1 layer of cinnamon toasts in dish, breaking triangles to fit. Spoon half of apple mixture evenly over toasts and sprinkle evenly with 12 cup Cheddar. Top with another layer of cinnamon toasts and remaining apple mixture. Arrange reserved cinnamon toast, sugared sides up, overlapping slightly, in a ring around edge of dish. In a bowl whisk together eggs, remaining 12 cup granulated sugar, milk, and salt and pour slowly and evenly over apples. Chill pudding, covered, at least 1 hour and up to 1 day.nPreheat oven to degrees.nBake pudding in middle of oven 30 minutes. Sprinkle remaining 12 cup cheddar evenly over top and bake pudding 15 minutes more., ingredients: [14 slices firm white sandwich bread about 1 pound, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 3 pounds Fuji apples about 6, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup water, 1 cup coarsely grated extrasharp Cheddar about 4 ounces, 4 large eggs, 2 34 cups milk, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Apple Cheddar Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 48437: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCook garlic in butter in a large heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, 1 minute. Add tomatoes with puree and simmer sauce over moderate heat, uncovered, stirring, 20 minutes. Stir in orange juice, half of basil and salt and pepper, to taste.nWhile sauce is cooking, stir together ricotta, Parmesan, remaining basil, and oregano, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Separate wonton skins and add to a shallow saucepan of salted boiling water, then immediately transfer with a slotted spoon or a spider to a shallow dish with a little of the boiling water.nSpread 12 cup tomato sauce evenly in bottom of a buttered small sheet tray or 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish. Arrange 4 wonton skins, drained briefly on a kitchen towel, in 1 layer on top of sauce. Divide half of ricotta mixture evenly among squares in pan and top with 4 more squares, drained briefly. Spoon remaining ricotta mixture evenly on top of squares in pan and top with remaining 4 squares, drained.nSpoon several tablespoons sauce over each stack and bake, uncovered, in middle of oven until bubbling, and heated through, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 34 cups canned crushed tomatoes with puree 14 ounces, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, or to taste, 34 cup wholemilk ricotta, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano, 12 wonton skins, Fresh basil, for garnish], title: Lazy Lasagna with TomatoBasil Sauce, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 48438: {instructions: Break the cauliflower into florets, discarding the central stem. Slice them thinly and put them in a bowl. Toss with the olives, sundried tomatoes, tarragon, garlic and lemon zest. Squeeze over lemon juice to taste. Drizzle in some olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Taste and adjust the quantities to suit your tastes., ingredients: [1 small cauliflower or half of a large one, 2 generous handfuls black olives, sliced, 2 generous handfuls sundried tomatoes, packed in oil, 2 handfuls fresh tarragon or basil leaves, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, Zest of 1 lemon, and juice to taste, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Cauliflower Salad, picturelink: null}, 48439: {instructions: Heat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a half sheet pan with parchment paper. Use a 9inch round plate and trace a circle in the middle of the parchment. Turn over the parchment.nPlace the egg whites and pinch of salt in the bowl of a stand mixer and, using the whisk attachment on high, whisk until stiff peaks form, 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce the speed to medium and slowly add the sugar over 2 minutes. Stop and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Increase the speed to high and whisk until the mixture is smooth and glossy and stiff peaks form, 6 to 7 minutes. Decrease the speed to low and add the vanilla, vinegar, and cornstarch. Mix just to combine.nGently spoon the meringue onto the parchment and spread to fit the shape of the circle, forming a slight well in the center. Place the meringue into the oven and bake for 45 minutes.nTurn off the heat and leave in the oven for 3 hours, or until the meringue is crisp and dry on the outside. Open the oven door and cool completely before removing from the oven, approximately 30 minutes.nJust before serving, combine the whipped cream and the passion fruit pulp and spread in the center of the meringue. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ounces pasteurized egg whites, room temperature, Pinch kosher salt, 6 ounces granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 cup whipped cream, 4 whole passion fruit, cut in half and fruit pulp scooped out], title: Pavlova, picturelink: r4O8TGeV93iyTBdNC2NcIP7YLvE6S}, 48440: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the fruit, toss the rhubarb, strawberries, 34 cup of the granulated sugar and the orange zest together in a large bowl. In a measuring cup, dissolve the cornstarch in the orange juice and then mix it into the fruit. Pour the mixture into an 8by11inch baking dish and place it on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper.nFor the topping, in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour, the remaining 12 cup granulated sugar, the brown sugar, salt and oatmeal. With the mixer on low speed, add the butter and mix until the dry ingredients are moist and the mixture is in crumbles. Sprinkle the topping over the fruit, covering it completely, and bake for 1 hour, until the fruit is bubbling and the topping is golden brown. Serve warm with ice cream.nPhotograph by Quentin Bacon, ingredients: [4 cups fresh rhubarb, 1inch diced 4 to 5 stalks, 4 cups fresh strawberries, hulled and halved, if large, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup quickcooking not instant oatmeal, such as McCanns, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, diced, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Crisp, picturelink: zz2nXTdLaZ6ov1vA.syajWI1kmsxTk.}, 48441: {instructions: For the curried mango sauce: Pour the oil into a mediumsize saucepan over medium heat and, when it gets hot, add the garlic, ginger and onions. Cook until the onions are very soft and beginning to caramelize, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garam masala, coriander, cumin, turmeric and cayenne pepper and stir as the spices toast and become aromatic, about 1 minute. Add the mango puree and stir well to combine. Season with salt and pepper and then let simmer for about 15 minutes. Keep warm.nFor the crusted lamb rack: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Oil a baking pan. Mix the fenugreek, coriander, garam masala, fennel, paprika, salt and pepper together in a shallow dish. Then press the lamb rack into it, rolling it back and forth making sure it is well coated. Place in the prepared pan and roast until it reaches the desired level of doneness, 15 to 20 minutes for mediumrare. Let rest before slicing. Serve the lamb with the mango sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 can mango puree, A pinch of salt, A pinch of pepper, Grapeseed oil, for oiling the pan, 2 tablespoons crushed fenugreek leaves, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, crushed with hands, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, A pinch of salt, A pinch of pepper, 1 lamb rack, fat cap removed and bones cleaned], title: Lamb with Mango Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48442: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a small pot and melt butter over low heat. Transfer to a small bowl, for basting, or to a squirt bottle. Serve warm with grilled corn.nYield: about 12 cup butter toppingnPrep Time: 2 minutesnCook Time: less than 5 minutesnEase of preparation: easynGarlic Gazpacho Butter:n1 large clove garlicn1 fresh jalapeno, seedednA handful cilantro leavesn1 teaspoon coarse saltn12 cup vegetable juice recommended: V8 or Bloody Mary mixn2 teaspoons hot saucen12 stick butter, softenednFinely chop the garlic, jalapeno and cilantro and mash with the salt to paste it. Transfer to a small pot and add the vegetable juice or Bloody Mary mix, hot sauce and butter. Heat the combination over low heat until butter melts and transfer to a small bowl, for basting, or to a squirt bottle. Serve warm with grilled corn.nYield: 1 cup butter toppingnPrep Time: 5 to 6 minutesnCook Time: less than 5 minutesnEase of preparation: easynEqually tasty are dry topping blends to sprinkle on plain buttered corn.nPizza Corn Sprinkler:n1 cup grated Parmigiano or Romanon1 tablespoon dried oregano or Italian dried seasoning blendn2 teaspoons red pepper flakesn1 teaspoon granulated garlicn1 teaspoon sweet paprikanCombine all ingredients and sprinkle on buttered corn on the cob or popped corn.nYield: 1 cupnPrep Time: 2 minutesnCook Time: nonenEase of preparation: easynTIDBIT:nButtered corn with chopped chives is easy and adds just a little something extra to plain corn with no effort., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lime zest, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning, 1 stick butter], title: Corn Basters, picturelink: IUXvC3PnS8niRwIPT..zvYnYwXKES}, 48443: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the flour, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda, and salt mix well. Add the buttermilk, peanut oil, egg, and sugar. Mix well. Let the batter sit for 30 minutes before cooking the waffles.nPreheat a waffle iron. Follow the directions on your waffle iron to cook the waffles accordingly you will need at least 4 large size waffles to assemble the sandwiches. Once the waffles are golden, remove from the iron. Allow to cool and split them horizontally. Keep the waffles warm in a low oven, if necessary.nHeat about 3inches of peanut oil to 375 degrees F in a large enamel or cast iron Dutch oven.nPlace flour in a small bowl. In another bowl, mix panko and Cajun seasoning. In a third bowl, mix hot sauce, egg, and water. Remove the tough tendon from each tenderloin. Roll each tender in flour, then in egg mixture, then in panko mix. Fry immediately until the tenderloins are cooked through and golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside or keep warm in a low oven.nIn a medium bowl, mix mayonnaise, maple syrup, mustard powder, and horseradish.nTo assemble the sandwiches: Lay 12 of the waffle bottom on an ovenproof plate top with the 3 chicken tenders, 3 slices of bacon, and 2 slices of Cheddar. Broil the sandwich for a few minutes until the cheese melts. Spread about 3 tablespoons of the maple mayonnaise on the top waffle, and place on the sandwich., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 13 cup peanut oil, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon sugar, Peanut oil, for frying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 34 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 10 dashes hot sauce, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon water, 12 chicken tenderloins, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, 1 teaspoon horseradish, 12 slices applewood smoked bacon, cooked until crispy and drained, 8 slices sharp Cheddar], title: Hotlanta Style Chicken and Waffle Sandwiches with Spicy Maple Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 48444: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a saucepan cover with cold water and add 2 tablespoons kosher salt. Bring to a simmer over mediumlow to medium heat and cook, uncovered, until tender, about 45 minutes. Drain the potatoes and let sit until just cool enough to handle, then peel and transfer to a bowl.nAdd the butter to the potatoes. Add the buttermilk, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, and pepper to taste mash with a potato masher or fork.nStir the parsley, dill and chives into the potatoes. Fold in the cheddar. Spoon the mashed potatoes into a serving dish.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 pounds whole russet or Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt, 1 stick softened butter or 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup buttermilk, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese], title: Buttermilk Mashed Potatoes With Mixed Herbs and Cheddar, picturelink: fJN6GeD5JOIWd.CVYvZw65BJGYPEvW}, 48445: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Preheat a grill pan over high heat.nSeason chicken with grill seasoning or salt and pepper. Combine lemon, sherry and oil in a shallow dish and turn chicken in the mixture to coat evenly. Score chicken 2 minutes on each side on grill. Transfer to a baking dish and set chicken into oven. Roast chicken for 15 minutes. Add linguica to hot grill pan and reduce heat to medium high. Grill 10 minutes to crisp casings and remove from heat. Pile chicken on serving plate and top with parsley. Pile linguica along side chicken and serve., ingredients: [8 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 6 to 8 ounces each, Grill seasoning, preferred brand Montreal Seasoning, or salt and coarse pepper, to your taste, 1 lemon. juiced, 3 tablespoons dry cooking sherry, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds linguica sausages, A handful of chopped flat leaf parsley], title: Grilled Chicken Breasts and Linguica, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 48446: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a large pot. Add the onion and saute for 5 minutes. Add the beef and lamb, and saute over medium heat for 8 to 10 minutes, until its no longer pink, crumbling it with the back of wooden spoon. Drain off any excess liquid, add the wine, and cook for 2 more minutes. Add the garlic, cinnamon, oregano, thyme, and cayenne, and continue cooking over medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 40 to 45 minutes. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the bechamel, heat the milk and cream together in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat until simmering. In a medium saucepan, melt the butter. Add the flour and cook over medium heat, whisking constantly for 2 minutes. Pour the warm milk and cream mixture into the butter and flour mixture, whisking constantly. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, over medium heat for 5 to 7 minutes, until smooth and thick. Add the nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 teaspoon of pepper. Stir in 34 cup of Parmesan cheese, 12 cup of the tomato and meat sauce, and allow to cool for 10 minutes. Stir in the eggs and yogurt and set aside.nMeanwhile, cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling water until al dente. Dont overcook because the pasta will later be baked. Drain and set aside.nAdd the pasta to the meat and tomato sauce, and pour the mixture into a baking dish. Spread the bechamel evenly to cover the pasta and sprinkle with the remaining 34 cup Parmesan cheese. Bake for 1 hour, until golden brown and bubbly. Set aside for 10 minutes and serve hot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 12 cups chopped yellow onion 1 large, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 pound lean ground lamb, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 large cloves, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 1 can 28 ounces crushed tomatoes in puree, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups freshly grated Parmesan or Kasseri cheese, 2 extralarge eggs, beaten, 23 cup Greekstyle yogurt, such as Fage Total, 34 pound small shells], title: Pastitsio, picturelink: Vlw.L2JmihTX3KhJtoZJdrJRLV.sQi}, 48447: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet set over moderate heat, warm the oil until hot. Add the onion and cook, stirring, 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes more. Add the sausage and cook, stirring, until no longer pink. Add the water, bouillon cubes, herbes de Provence, red pepper flakes, and lemon pepper, bring to a boil and simmer, stirring for 2 minutes. Add the couscous and simmer, stirring occasionally until tender. Before serving stir in the dill. Serve the couscous in bowls, drizzled with extra virgin olive oil and freshly grated Parmesan if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, minced, 34 pound portobello or white mushrooms, trimmed, wiped clean and sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 Italian sweet turkey sausage, sliced, 5 cups water, 2 chicken bouillon cubes, 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste, 12 teaspoon lemon pepper, 1 23 cups couscous, 3 tablespoons snipped fresh dill, Extra virgin olive oil, for drizzling as garnish, Freshly grated Parmesan to taste, as garnish], title: Wild Mushroom Couscous, picturelink: null}, 48448: {instructions: Have the butcher split the ducks lengthwise, remove and reserve the backbones and wingtips, and reserve the giblets. Chop the reserved backbones and wing tips into large pieces.nArrange the ducks skin side up in a large stainless steel or enameled baking pan and prick them all over with a skewer. Add the backbones and wing tips, the reserved giblets excluding the liver, the quartered onions, carrot, celery and garlic, and brown the mixture in a preheated very hot oven 550 degrees Ffor 40 minutes, pouring the fat into a bowl periodically and reserve it.nTransfer the ducks to a plate and pour any remaining fat into the bowl. Add 1 cup of the wine to the pan and reduce the liquid over moderately high heat by half. Add the stock, the cheesecloth bag, and the tomato paste and bring the liquid to a boil. Add the ducks, spoon some of the liquid over them, and braise them, covered tightly with foil, in a moderate oven 350 degrees F, basting them occasionally, for 40 minutes, or until they are tender.nIn a skillet, heat 3 tablespoons of the reserved duck fat over moderately high heat until it is hot. Add the potatoes with a pinch of sugar and salt and pepper, to taste. Saute them, turning, for 15 minutes, or until they are just tender, and drain them. In another skillet heat 2 more tablespoons of the reserved duck fat over moderately high heat until it is hot. Add the white onions with a pinch of sugar and salt and pepper to taste. Saute them, stirring, for 12 to 15 minutes, or until they are browned lightly and just tender, and drain them.nTransfer the ducks to a plate and strain the cooking liquid into a stainless steel or enameled casserole. Return the ducks to the pan and roast them, uncovered, in a preheated hot oven 400 degrees for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the skin is crisp. Skim the fat from the cooking liquid and reduce the liquid over moderately high heat to about 2 cups.nIn a small bowl, combine the remaining wine and the arrowroot, stir the mixture into the reduced cooking liquid, add salt and pepper to taste. Add the potatoes and onions and simmer the mixture for 5 minutes. Quarter the ducks, arrange them on a heated platter and spoon the vegetables over them., ingredients: [2 4 12 pound ducks, 2 onions, quartered, 1 large carrot cut into 1 12 inch pieces, 1 stalk celery cut into 1 12 inch pieces, 6 garlic cloves, 1 14 cups dry white wine, 6 cups brown stock or canned beef broth, A cheesecloth bag containing 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 parsley stems and 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 12 pounds potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 pound small white onions, about 1inch in diameter, 1 tablespoon arrowroot], title: Duck with Potatoes and Onions, picturelink: null}, 48449: {instructions: Filling:nPut the peaches into a large mixing bowl. Add all of the remaining ingredients and mix until the peaches are saturated and coated with the honey. Cover and refrigerate until ready to bake.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCrust:nPut all of the ingredients in a food processor and pulse until small dimesized balls are formed. If you dont have a food processor, put the ingredients into a bowl and, using a knife, cut the shortening and butter into the flour. When all the ingredients are incorporated, turn out onto a lightly floured surface and quickly knead the dough into a disc. Do not work dough too much. Gently roll the dough out and fit it into a 9inch pie pan. Trim the edges, or shape the edges as desired. Poke several holes in the bottom of the dough with a fork.nPut the peaches into the pie pan, and bake for about 12 to 18 minutes, depending on the color of the edges of the pie crust. When the edges are a beautiful brown, take the pie out of oven and cool.nWhipped topping:nPut all of the ingredients into a mediumsized mixing bowl. Beat with an electric mixer, until a silky whipped cream is formed this should take about 3 minutes or so.nWhen pie has cooled, use a spatula to spread the whipped topping over the surface of the pie. This pie is a picture perfect masterpiece that even Mom would be proud of., ingredients: [6 fresh golden peaches, peeled, pitted and cut into eighths, 3 tablespoons raw honey, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 1 12 cups wholewheat flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup cold vegetable shortening, cut into small pieces or cubed, 14 cup cold organic butter, cut into small cubes, 3 tablespoons ice water, 34 cup organic heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons Xylitol, 2 teaspoons ground ginger], title: This Aint Your Mamas Peach Pie, picturelink: null}, 48450: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the cream cheese, basil, chives, parsley, lemon juice, and sprinkle with salt and pepper together in a bowl. Lay out the tortillas and spread with the herb cream cheese mixture. Next, layer on the turkey, carrots and cucumber onto each tortilla. Like making sushi, roll the tortillas up tightly, then wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate, about 1 hour. When ready to serve, unwrap the sushi rolls and slice into quarters., ingredients: [One 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped basil, 1 teaspoon fresh minced chives, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tacosized flour tortillas, 1 pound thinly shaved turkey, 3 carrots, julienned, 1 cucumber, julienned], title: Prairie Sushi, picturelink: twRoRGi7KhUUHit6SOPEXGRdgRZ4BC}, 48451: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPulse the garlic in a food processor to mince it. Add the onion and pulse to chop, then add the green pepper and pulse to chop. Add the lamb, tomato paste, tomatoes, parsley, cumin, cayenne, and salt and pepper process until everything is very well chopped. The consistency should be wet and pasty, like hummus. Spread a thin layer of the meat mixture onto flour tortillas all the way to the edge. Bake directly on the oven rack for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the edges are browned and the meat is cooked through. If the tortilla begins to inflate in the oven, pop it with a fork from the top. To serve, squeeze some lemon over the top, fold the pizza into quarters, and eat out of hand., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, 1 medium onion, roughly chopped, 1 small green pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 pound ground lamb or ground beef, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and pepper, Flour tortillas, Lemon wedges, to serve], title: Armenian Pizza aka Lahmajoon, picturelink: 8zLPmi4I1qUeCs6i.4py7IDzjHpmBpe}, 48452: {instructions: Preheat oven to 550 degrees F.nBeat together cream cheese, sugar, flour, and zests with an electric mixer until smooth. Add eggs and yolks, one at a time, then vanilla, beating on low speed until each ingredient is incorporated and scraping down bowl between additions.nPut springform pan with crust in a shallow baking pan. Pour filling into crust springform pan will be completely full and bake in a baking pan to catch drips in middle of oven 12 minutes, or until puffed. Reduce temperature to 200 degrees F and continue baking until cake is mostly firm center will stay slightly wobbly when pan in gently shaken, about 1 hour 45 minutes more.nRun a knife around top edge of cake to loosen and cool completely in springform pan on a rack. Chill cake, loosely covered, at least 6 hours. Remove side of pan and transfer cake to a plate. Bring to room temperature before serving. Cheesecake keeps, covered and chilled, 2 weeks.nStir together crust ingredients and press into bottom and 1inch up side of a buttered 24centimeter springform pan. Fill right away or chill up to 2 hours., ingredients: [5 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 1 34 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 orange, zested, 1 lemon, zested, 5 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1 grahamcracker crust, recipe follows, 1 12 cups 5 ounces finely ground graham crackers, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 13 cup sugar, 34 teaspoon salt], title: New York Cheesecake, picturelink: MbLx1KhP4vnDnx19lGmqEZfbbf8tfG}, 48453: {instructions: Heat grill until very hot. Place oysters on grill. When shells open in about 3 minutes, use an oyster knife to detach oyster from top shell. Loosen top shell, and discard. Spoon 1 tablespoon hogwash, redoyster sauce, or tomatillo sauce over oysters before serving.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before using. Serve over oysters.nYield: 1 12 cupsnMelt butter in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add remaining ingredients, and simmer until butter is brown, about 15 minutes. Serve warm over oysters.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [4 dozen oysters, scrubbed, Hogwash, recipe follows, Red Oyster Sauce, recipe follows, or tomatillo sauce, 12 cup natural rice vinegar, 12 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh, strained lime juice, 1 small jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 1 small bunch cilantro, picked and roughly chopped, 14 cup butter, 12 cup olive oil, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 14 cup sundried tomato paste, 14 teaspoon Thai red curry paste, Basil, to add just before serving], title: Barbecued Oysters, picturelink: null}, 48454: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.n2. For stuffing, heat oil in large skillet over medium heat 1 minute until hot. Add apple, onion and celery. Cook and stir 3 to 4 minutes until softened.n3. Add chicken broth and cranberries cook 3 to 4 minutes until mixture begins to bubble. Stir in stuffing mix, pecans and parsley. Remove from heat set aside.n4. For pork chops, lightly spray 9 x 13inch baking dish with vegetable oil spray set aside.n5. Place pork chops on work surface. Cut a slit horizontally in each pork chop forming pocket. Spoon stuffing into pocket of each pork chop. Secure pork chops using toothpicks. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.n6. Heat oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat 1 minute until hot. Add pork chops cook 2 to 3 minutes per side until deep golden brown.n7. Transfer pork chops to baking dish. Bake 15 to 20 minutes until internal temperature reaches 155 degrees F to 160 degrees F on instantread thermometer inserted in pork.n8. Remove from oven to cooling rack loosely cover with aluminum foil. Allow pork chops to cool for 8 minutes before serving., ingredients: [14 cup Fisheru00ae Dried Sweetened Cranberries, chopped, 1 package 6 ounces seasoned stuffing mix, 14 cup Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Chopped Pecans, Pork Chop:, 6 centercut pork chops 1 12inch thick, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Stuffing:, 1 small apple, peeled, cored and diced, 12 cup diced onion, 12 cup diced celery, 112 cups fatfree chicken broth, 2 tablespoons fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Cranberry Pecan Stuffed Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 48455: {instructions: Separate stems of chard from leaves. Dice stems, and coarsely chop leaves. You should have about 3 cups packed leaves.nIn a medium skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Add shallot, and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 30 seconds. Add chard leaves, 34 teaspoon thyme leaves, salt and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring, until completely wilted, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl, and refrigerate until cool, about 5 minutes. Stir in ricotta and Parmesan. Season, to taste.nIn a small saucepan, combine stock, 1 sprig thyme, and chard stems. Bring to a boil. Lower heat to a simmer, and cook for 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Let stand until the liquid is dark pink, 5 to 10 minutes. Strain through a sieve, season with salt and pepper set aside.nPlace 12 wonton wrappers on a clean work surface. Mound a slightly heaping tablespoon filling in center of each wrapper, brush edges with beaten egg. Top each square with a second wrapper. Press edges together to seal.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Add salt. Working in batches, add ravioli. Cook until the ravioli are translucent and have risen to the surface, 1 to 2 minutes. Meanwhile, ladle about 14 cup broth into each of 4 shallow bowls. Using a slotted spoon, remove ravioli, placing 3 in each bowl. Garnish with remaining thyme leaves., ingredients: [34 pound ruby chard, washed and dried, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium shallot, minced, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, picked, plus 1 sprig, unpicked, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons ricotta cheese, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 1 34 cups chicken stock, 24 3 12inch square wonton wrappers, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Chard Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 48456: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nButter an 8inch square baking dish, and place it in the hot oven while you prepare the batter.nSift or stir together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder and baking soda.nIn a mixing bowl, beat the eggs and the melted butter until wellblended. Add the sugar, salt, milk and vinegar and beat well. Stir the dry ingredients into the egg mixture just until the batter is smooth.nPour the batter into the heated dish. Pour the heavy cream into the center of the batter. Do not stir. Check the cornbread after 45 minutes. It is done when the top becomes lightly browned.nServe warm., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 eggs, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups milk, 1 12 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 cup heavy cream], title: CustardFilled Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 48457: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the turkey on a baking rack over a baking sheet. Combine 6 tablespoons of the butter with 1 tablespoon of the honey and the chipotle puree, and slather over the turkey breast, sprinkling liberally with salt and black pepper. Roast the turkey, 1 hour 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the cranberries in a pot with the sugar, a pinch salt, the cinnamon, orange peel and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil and cook until all the berries pop and the sauce thickens, 15 minutes. Let cool. Peel the pomegranate in a bowl of water and separate and drain the seeds. Stir the pomegranate seeds, jalapenos and onions into the sauce.nBring the stock and milk to a boil, and then whisk in the polenta until it thickens. Stir in the remaining butter, some salt and black pepper, the remaining honey and the cheese. Serve the sliced turkey with the cranberrypomegranate relish, chilled or at room temperature, with the polenta alongside.nCooks Note: For a makeahead meal, cool the roasted turkey and store. To reheat, place the turkey in a low baking dish with 1 cup chicken stock and loosely cover with foil. Reheat at 350 degrees F, 20 to 25 minutes, and then crisp up the skin under the broiler.nLeftover turkey can be used for other recipes, such as Mexican Chorizo and Turkey Chili., ingredients: [1 full or 2 split skinon boneless turkey breasts, 1 stick butter, softened, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons pureed chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 12ounce bag fresh cranberries, 1 cup sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 strip orange rind, 1 pomegranate, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 12 red onion, finely chopped 2 cups chicken stock, plus 1 cup if reheating for a makeahead meal, 1 cup milk, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 1 cup grated manchego cheese], title: Sliced Chipotle Turkey Breast With Pomegranate Cranberry Relish and Polenta, picturelink: QaMUHHM4sQMPxPUCCtyiUv8yFBDKglC}, 48458: {instructions: Bring a large stockpot of water to boil and add 2 tablespoons of salt. Set up an ice bath. Cook the broccoli rabe in boiling water until it is bright green and tender, about 4 minutes. Drain, cool in the ice bath, and drain again. Set aside.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLay out 4 12inch pieces of foil out on a counter. Put the fennel, onion, tomatoes, and basil in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon of oil and a splash of vinegar. Divide the vegetables between each sheet of foil, making a small mound.nSeason the fish on both sides with salt and pepper, to taste, and place 1 on top of each pile of vegetables. Drizzle each pile with a tablespoon of oil and 1 teaspoon of vinegar and use a second piece of foil on each, and roll up the sides, to seal the pouch completely.nPut the pouches on a sheet pan and cook in the oven for 9 minutes. Turn the package over halfway through. While the fish cooks, saute the broccoli rabe in a large saute pan with 2 tablespoons of olive oil until it is hot throughout.nSeason with salt and pepper, to taste. To serve, put the pouches on each of four plates and open them at the table. Garnish with basil sprigs and pass the broccoli rabe., ingredients: [1 pound broccoli rabe, rough stems and leaves trimmed, 1 head fennel, trimmed, cored, and thinly sliced, 1 red onion, peeled, halved, and thinly sliced, 16 cherry tomatoes, stemmed and halved, Leaves from 2 large sprigs basil, plus sprigs, for garnish, 7 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more, for drizzling, 4 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, plus more, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 6ounce wild striped bass fillets, skinned, 2 preserved lemons, quartered, as a garnish], title: Oil and Vinegar Bass in a Pouch, picturelink: null}, 48459: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and shallots and saute until just tender. Stir in the speck and nipitella and cook until the speck is golden and crisp, about 4 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and saute until tender, about 8 minutes.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente. Drain well. Toss the pasta with the mushroom mixture, adding the vegetable broth to moisten. Sprinkle with the parsley and some Parmesan and toss., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 clove garlic, sliced into chunks, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 4 ounces speck sliced 18inchthick, diced, 6 sprigs nipitella see Cooks Note, leaves removed from the stems, 1 pound porcini mushrooms see Cooks Note, sliced into thin strips, Kosher salt, 1 pound fresh straccetti pasta, 14 cup vegetable broth, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, Freshly grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Straccetti con Speck e Porcini, picturelink: null}, 48460: {instructions: Place the sesame oil into a straightsided 10inch saute pan set over medium heat. Once the oil begins to shimmer, add the garlic, ginger, carrots, salt and pepper and saute for 4 minutes. Add the sugar snap peas and continue to saute for 1 minute. Lastly, add the savoy cabbage and green onions and saute for an additional minute. Remove from the heat, add the rice wine vinegar and stir to combine, scraping any bits off the bottom of the pan. Sprinkle with the cilantro or mint and toss to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 8 ounces carrots, cut on the bias into 14inch thick pieces, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces sugar snap peas, 4 ounces savoy cabbage, shredded, 34ounce chopped green onion, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro or mint leaves], title: Vegetable Saute, picturelink: null}, 48461: {instructions: With tweezers or pliers, pull out the intermuscular bones of salmon. In a nonreactive dish glass, porcelain, enamel or stainless large enough to accommodate the salmon without crowding, scatter half of the sliced onions and sprinkle half of the dill on the onions. In a small mixing bowl combine the salt, sugar, peppercorns and juniper berries and mix them well. Rub half of this mixture into the flesh side of the salmon and spoon rub half the juice and vanilla on the flesh set the salmon, flesh side down on the dill and onions. Rub remaining salt mixture into skin side of salmon and remaining lemon juice mixture over that. Lay remaining dill on salmon, then cover with last of onion slices. Cover with plastic wrap, then weigh the salmon down with bricks, small iron skillets or canned goods. Cover the dish and weights with aluminum and refrigerate for 2 to 3 days. During the marination time, spoon the juices the salmon give off and marinade back over the salmon. After 2 to 3 days, or when ready to serve, remove salmon from the marinade and scrape off dill and onions from skin side, but leave it on for garnish from flesh side. Slice salmon as thinly as possible on diagonal toward tail and serve with mustard sauce. Or set slices of salmon with a dab of mustard sauce on black bread for hors doeuvres. To make sauce, mix two mustards, sugar and vinegar until pasty. With a wire wisk, slowly beat in oil until it forms a thick mayonnaise like mixture. Stir in chopped dill.nfor sauce: 12 cup dark prepared mustard, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup white cider vinegar, 23 cup vegetable oil and 13 cup chopped fresh dill., ingredients: [56 pound side of boneless filet of salmon, skin left on, 2 red onions, sliced wafer thin, bunch fresh dill, leaves pulled off the stem, chopped, 14 cup salt, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup green peppercorns, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon juniper berries, lightly crushed, juice of 2 lemons mixed with 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Gravlax and Mustard Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48462: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the chicken and salsa, and mix thoroughly. Cover and refrigerate for 15 minutes.nRemove chicken mixture from the refrigerator, and drain any excess liquid. Add cheese and taco seasoning, and mix to combine. This is your filling. Set aside.nPrepare a baking sheet by spraying it with nonstick spray. Set aside.nDampen 2 paper towels, and place tortillas between them. Microwave for about 1 minute, until tortillas are warm and pliable.nPlace one tortilla flat on a clean dry surface keep the rest between the paper towels, and spoon about 2 heaping tablespoons filling onto the tortilla. Spread it evenly across the entire surface, and roll the tortilla up tightly, so that you have a cigarshaped tube. Secure with toothpicks, if needed, and place seamside down on the baking sheet. Repeat with remaining tortillas and filling.nBake in the oven until crispy, 14 to 16 minutes.nAllow to cool for 5 minutes. Serve with sour cream and additional salsa for dipping, if using. EnjoynPER SERVING 2 taquitos: 197 calories, 2.5g fat, 594mg sodium, 22.5g carbs, 3g fiber, 2g sugars, 20.5g protein, ingredients: [1 9 34 to 10ounce can 98percent fatfree chunk white chicken breast in water, drained and flaked, 12 cup salsa, plus more, as dip, optional, 13 cup shredded fatfree Cheddar cheese, 14 teaspoon dry taco seasoning mix, 8 6inch yellow corn tortillas, Fatfree sour cream, as dip, optional], title: Exploding Chicken Taquitos, picturelink: null}, 48463: {instructions: Place the berries, coconut milk and honey or sugar in a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Chill and serve garnished with whole berries., ingredients: [5 cups mixed berries, 1 cup canned coconut milk, 14 cup honey or sugar or to taste, Grated fresh ginger optional, Whole berries for garnish], title: Berry Berry Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 48464: {instructions: For the dough: In a large mixing bowl, beat the eggs, granulated sugar, and salt for the dough mixture. Combine the warm milk and margarine and add to the egg mixture. Slowly add 4 cups flour and beat well. Add the yeast and mix thoroughly. Add the remaining 4 cups flour and mix on medium speed for 7 minutes. Place the dough in an oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let the dough rise to double its size, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll the dough into a 1 12by2foot rectangle.nFor the filling: Spread 4 ounces of margarine over the dough and sprinkle entire surface with brown sugar, cinnamon, and chopped pecans. Roll the dough into a cylinder shape starting with the bottom edge, and then cut into 12 slices. Place the slices onto an oiled pan and bake for 15 minutes. Cool and cover with icing.nFor the icing: Stir the powdered sugar, milk, margarine and almond extract until thoroughly combined., ingredients: [4 eggs, 6 ounces granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups milk, lukewarm, 4 ounces margarine, 8 cups allpurpose flour, divided, 2 tablespoons yeast, 4 ounces margarine, 2 cups brown sugar, 3 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup pecans, chopped, 4 cups powdered sugar, 1 cup milk, 4 ounces margarine, 1 tablespoon almond extract], title: Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: null}, 48465: {instructions: Position rack in lower third of oven and preheat to 300 degrees. Pour the flour and 7 tablespoons of sugar in that order into a triple sifter or sieve. Sift onto a sheet of waxed paper, and set aside. Sifting the two together disperses and separates the particles of flour so that when dry ingredients are added later to the batter, folding in the flour is easier and more efficient, requiring less folding to incorporate. Measure the additional 7 tablespoons and 1 tablespoon of granulated sugar set aside.nSeparate the eggs, placing the whites in the bowl of a heavyduty mixer and yolks in a 1 12 quart bowl. A deep bowl this size makes it more efficient for whipping the yolks thoroughly since it minimizes the surface area. With an electric hand mixer, whip the yolks on high speed 10 for 3 to 5 minutes. Add the vanilla, and continue whipping for 15 seconds to incorporate the mixture should appear thicker, pale yellow, and increased in volume. Test the consistency by lifting some of the mixture with the beaters. If it flows back into the bowl in ribbons that slowly dissolve on the surface, proceed to whipping the whites. But if the ribbons sink into the surface immediately, continue whipping until the yolks have the desired consistency.nAttach the bowl of whites to the mixer, and with the whisk attachment, whip on mediumlow speed 3 for 30 to 45 seconds to break them up. When small bubbles appear and the surface is frothy, stop the machine, and sprinkle the cream of tartar and the 1 tablespoon granulated sugar in the center. Resume whipping, increasing speed to medium 5, for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the whites appear glossy and stiff but not dry or granular.nDetach the whisk and bowl, tapping the whisk against the side of the bowl with enough force to free the excess. Pour the yolks onto the whites notice they float on the surface. Using just a few strokes, fold the two together with a rubber spatula. Dont be concerned if some of the yolks remain visible. Sprinkle half of 7 tablespoons sugar over the surface, and fold to incorporate. Sprinkle with the remaining sugar, folding again to incorporate.nWith the aid of a metal spatula, scoop a third of the flour, and sprinkle it over the egg mixture with a rubber spatula, fold to incorporate. Repeat two more times, folding just until incorporated after each addition.nGently pour batter into an ungreased 9inch springform pan with the aid of a rubber spatula and smooth the surface level. Bake for 55 to 60 minutes, or until the top is golden. The batter hardly rises during the first 20 to 30 minutes of baking. The low oven temperature allows the batter to absorb heat slowly, so rising is gradual. Toward the end of baking the cake may mound high above the pans rim. Thats fine. As it cools, this dome will contract a bit. When finished baking, the cake should feel spongy, springing back slightly upon being lightly touched. A toothpick, inserted in the center, comes out free of cake. The toothpick is the last test for this cake before you judge if it is finished baking and remove it from the oven. If in doubt, baking 5 to 7 more minutes will not harm the cake.nRemove spongecake from the oven, and immediately turn it upside down, positioning the edges of the pan on the inverted glasses. This position, defying gravity, allows the cake to maintain its spongy structure without deflating while cooling. Cool the cake for 2 hours then turn the pan right side up, and place it on the counter. Though the cake is cool to the touch, let it sit for at least 1 more hour to cool the inside completely. The cakes structure is less fragile when cool, making removal easier. To release the spongecake and maintain its shape perfectly, remove it from the pan as follows: Carefully loosen the cake crust that is stuck to the top rim of the pan insert a thin metal spatula down 18 inch, and loosen and free the crust all around the cake. Then tilt and rotate pan, tapping it gently on the counter to free the sponge from the metal sides. Tap more if it is not completely released. Finally, release the spring mechanism, and slowly remove the rim. Youll notice the cake seemed to have had a slipcover because a thin, crusty layer of cake remains on the springform rim its delicious, too. Now tilt the cake on its side, and gently tap the metal bottom on the counter. Rotate the cake as you tap until the removable bottom appears free. Additional tapping may be necessary before it comes off completely. Patience will ensure a perfectly shaped cake.nFor the filling: Pour the half and half into a 1 12 quart heavy bottomed saucepan, add the 12 cup sugar, and stir to combine. In a 1 quart bowl whisk the egg yolks and the remaining 12 cup sugar to combine. Add the flour, and whisk to combine. Bring the half and half mixture just to a boil over medium heat. Remove, and pour half of the hot liquid over the yolk mixture, whisking to combine. Pour the yolk mixture into saucepan, and over medium heat bring it to a boil again, stirring constantly. When it is thick and smooth, remove it from the heat, pour it into a 3 quart mixing bowl to cool, and cover the surface with plastic wrap to prevent a crust from forming on the cream. This bowl size is to allow room for folding in the whipped cream later. Pierce the plastic with the tip of a knife to let steam escape and cool faster. Refrigerate.nFor the glaze: Chop the chocolate into matchstick size pieces with a chefs knife on a dry cutting board. Place first the butter, then the chocolate pieces in the top portion of a 1 12 quart double boiler or a 1 quart mixing bowl that fits snugly over a saucepan or another mixing bowl. Fill the bottom vessel half full with hot tap water 120130 degrees and place the chocolatebutter bowl on top to melt. You may put the double boiler on the stove over a very low flame just to maintain the waters temperature while melting the mixture if you wish. Stir occasionally to blend until the mixture is smooth, shiny and liquid. Remove from the water, and set aside. Yield: One scant cup.nAssembling the Trifle: Split the spongecake evenly into three layers, each about 78inch thick, using a 12inch serrated knife in a sawing motion. Lift the top two layers, one at a time, and set aside this is easy because each layer is spongy and thick. Stir the vanilla and rum into the cold custard. Whip the heavy cream in a 1 12 quart mixing bowl to the Chantilly stage, and fold into the custard mixture. Place the bottom cake layer of cake in a 2 12 to 3 quart glass bowl, and cover it with half of the filling, spreading evenly with a rubber spatula. Center the middle layer on top, and cover it with the remaining filling. Center the last layer on top. Cover the dessert with plastic wrap and refrigerate.nSpoon 1 cup of the Chocolate Butter Glaze into a 1 quart bowl over a bowl of hot tap water 120 to 130 degrees. Stir until liquid and smooth. Spread the glaze over the top of the dessert evenly with a metal or rubber spatula. With a 2inch paring knife, scrape the tip of the blade firmly but gently down a bar of chocolate. If the chocolates surface area is cool, you will get fine flakes if its slightly warm, the shapes will be very small corkscrews. Sprinkle Chocolate Flakes around the rim of the dessert. Refrigerate for up to 1 to 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 cup sifted cake flour, 7 tablespoons granulated sugar, 7 tablespoons granulated sugar, plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 7 large eggs, room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 13 cups half and half, 12 cup granulated sugar, 4 egg yolks, 14 cup unsifted all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon dark rum, 1 cup 8 ounces heavy cream, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 3 ounces 6 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Boston Trifle, picturelink: null}, 48466: {instructions: Combine the espresso, sugar, vanilla, and hot water in a blender and stir until the sugar dissolves. Put the ice in the blender and process on high until the mixture is almost completely smooth. Divide the mixture among 4 short glasses.nPlace the ice cream in a microwave on high for 15 seconds, until softened. Scoop one ball of ice cream into each glass. With a small sifter, sprinkle each drink lightly with cocoa powder. Serve with a short straw and a teaspoon., ingredients: [4 scoops vanilla or coffee ice cream, Unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Pernigotti, 6 1ounce shots of espresso, regular or decaf, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup hot water, 2 cups ice, Short straws, for serving], title: Viennese Iced Coffee, picturelink: NaKebW7DoZHq8LzHjoZkxRMrLIyiypG}, 48467: {instructions: Wash spinach and shake off some of the remaining water. Heat oil in skillet over medium high heat and stir in garlic. Cook quickly for 15 seconds. Add in spinach and quickly toss to coat. Spinach will wilt rapidly and should be served immediately.nNote: This recipe should be done at the last minute before service, ingredients: [1 pound spinach, washed and stems removed, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoon olive oil, Salt, Pepper], title: Sauteed Garlic Spinach, picturelink: null}, 48468: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk lime juice, lime zest, 2 tablespoons olive oil, honey, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper until dressing holds together.nIn a large sautu00e9 pan, heat remaining oil over mediumhigh heat.nSeason salmon with remaining salt and pepper. Sear for 3 minutes each side.nMeanwhile, rinse and chop lettuce and place on a serving platter.nLayer lettuce with grapefruit and avocado. Place cooked salmon on top and garnish with green onions.nDrizzle dressing over top and serve., ingredients: [12 lime, juiced and zested, 4 tablespoons Carlini Pure Olive Oil, divided, 12 tablespoon SimplyNature Organic Wildflower Honey, 1 teaspoon Stonemill Iodized Salt, 1 teaspoon Stonemill Ground Black Pepper, 16 ounces Sea Queen Wild Caught Salmon, thawed, 5 ounces SimplyNature Organic Spring Mix, 2 grapefruits, supremed, 2 avocados, sliced, 4 green onions, sliced on the bias], title: Fresh Salmon Citrus Salad, picturelink: LMKEobP6h7yqy2iP8wFNT1RNM79KNou}, 48469: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium skillet, fry the bacon over medium heat until lightly crisp, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon, and pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the pan.nAdd the 1 tablespoon butter, the onion, 3 of the garlic cloves, 14 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper to the pan. Saute the onion, stirring often, until it turns coppery brown and sweet, about 15 minutes.nAdd the tomato paste and ketchup and cook, stirring constantly, until caramelized, about 5 minutes. Stir in the paprika, and then add 12 cup water, the cherries, vermouth, cider, vinegar, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, juniper berries and bay leaves. Simmer until the sauce thickens and bubbles evenly, about 20 minutes. Let cool slightly.nDiscard the bay leaves. Puree the mixture in a food processor, and then push it through a finemesh sieve into a bowl. Season with the fish sauce and lime juice, and add more salt if necessary. You can store the sauce in the refrigerator, tightly covered, for up to 2 weeks, or in the freezer for 6 months.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat two large castiron pans over high heat. Pour a coating of oil into each pan, and then wipe it out with a paper towel so that just a thin film remains. Season the steaks generously with salt and pepper. Add the steaks to the hot pans. Cook steadily, reducing the heat to mediumhigh if they threaten to burn, until the steaks caramelize deeply on the bottom, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the steaks and cook for 3 minutes. Transfer the pans to the oven and roast the steaks for 3 to 5 minutes more, or until their internal temperature reaches 120 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. You want to have time to butter baste the steaks before they reach their final temperature. Transfer the pans to the stovetop, off the heat. Divide the 3 tablespoons butter, the rosemary, and the remaining 4 garlic cloves between each pan. Using a large spoon, baste the steaks with the butter for a few minutes. The steaks are ready when they begin to feel firm when poked or reach 125 degrees F.nTransfer the steaks to a platter and let them rest for at least 5 minutes. Serve with the steak sauce., ingredients: [3 slices thickcut bacon, diced 12 cup, 1 tablespoon salted butter, plus 3 tablespoons for basting, 1 cup finely diced onion, 7 cloves garlic, smashed, Fine sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup tomato paste, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 13 cup dried sour cherries, 12 cup dry vermouth, 12 cup apple cider or apple juice, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 10 dried juniper berries, cracked, 3 dried bay leaves, 1 to 2 teaspoons Asian fish sauce, Juice of 12 lime, Two 1 12 to 2inchthick ribeye steaks, Canola oil, 3 sprigs rosemary], title: Ribeye with Homemade Steak Sauce, picturelink: RzUghpP7ZlPjmC5bvmA7xSzkKpSivW}, 48470: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace a large piece of parchment paper on a cutting board. Pop open the biscuit container and pull apart the dough. Lay the pieces on the lined cutting board and set aside.nIn a small bowl, using a fork, mix together the sugar and cinnamon, set aside.nIn another small bowl, using a fork, whisk the egg yolk with a 12 teaspoon of water, set side.nUsing a leaf shaped cookie cutter, punch out leaves. Using a pastry brush, brush the leaves liberally with the egg wash. Sprinkle on the cinnamon sugar.nArrange the leaves close together in a circular pattern with the tips of the leaves facing out on a pizza pan lined with parchment paper. Place the wreath onto middle level of the oven for 17 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large pot on medium heat, melt the butter. Using a rubber spatula, fold in the marshmallows, constantly stirring to avoid scorching. Once the mixture is melted, turn down the heat to low to keep it pliable. Pour in the green food coloring. Combine until you see a rich and even green color throughout. Gently fold in the corn flakes.nPlace a kitchen towel on a flat surface or counter, remove the wreath from the oven and place it on the towel. This will help you to prevent scorching your surfaces. Distribute the warm marshmallow mixture carefully over the wreath. Before the holly mixture cools completely, dot the wreath with cinnamon candies to look like holly berries., ingredients: [1 16.3ounce container large refrigerated biscuits, 2 12 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 egg yolk, 12 teaspoon water, 1 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 10ounce bag large marshmallows, 2 capfuls green food coloring, 3 cup corn flakes, 14 cup cinnamon candies recommended: Red Hots], title: Sandras Christmas Wreath, picturelink: RZfSUbhwMs6D5ERr89WYOzMUrfRSa}, 48471: {instructions: Combine water, sugar and honey in heavy large skillet. Stir over low heat until sugar and honey dissolve. Add allspice, cloves and juniper berries. Bring to simmer. Add figs, cover and simmer until figs are just tender, about 20 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer figs to bowl. Chill until cold.nBring cooking liquid to boil. Boil until reduced to syrup consistency, about 5 minutes. Strain. Cool.nArrange figs in dessert goblets. Drizzle syrup over. Garnish with mint and serve., ingredients: [3 cups water, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup honey, 12 allspice berries, 12 cloves, 12 juniper berries, 12 fresh slightly unripe figs, Fresh mint sprigs], title: Poached Figs in Spiced Honey Syrup, picturelink: null}, 48472: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut a slice off the top of the pumpkins or squash to make a lid, then scrape out the seeds and stringy fibers from the pumpkin and lid. Season the inside with salt and pepper and place a tablespoon of butter inside each pumpkin. Place the pumpkins and lids on a baking sheet and bake for 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over moderate heat and saute the turkey cubes until they are golden on all sides. Use a slotted spoon or tongs to transfer the turkey to a plate and cover loosely. In the remaining fat, saute the onion and Poblanos with the salt and pepper until onions are soft, 35 minutes. Add the tomato and cook 20 minutes. Add the wine and reduce by half. Add the turkey, along with the stock. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for 20 minutes.nAdd the potatoes and parsnips and simmer for 20 minutes. Add the corn and stir well to combine. Remove from the heat and add the pears, apricots and chives. Adjust the seasoning. Add the rice. Transfer the contents of the saucepan to the pumpkin, filling the pumpkin and replacing the lid. Return to the oven and bake for 50 minutes, or until the rice is cooked.nTo serve, transfer the pumpkin to a serving platter and carefully spoon the stew directly from the pumpkin into individual shallow bowls. Watch that the pumpkin shell does not break when scooping. The pumpkin will be very soft inside and mash into the sauce to thicken it a little., ingredients: [2 to 3 3 pound pumpkins or winter squash, such as Hubbard or Kabocha, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 pounds turkey thigh meat, cut into 1 inch cubes, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 2 Poblano chiles, seeded and diced, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 large tomato, seeded and finely diced, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 3 12 to 4 cups chicken stock, 12 pound potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 inch cubes, 12 pound parsnips, peeled and cut into 1 inch cubes, 1 cup corn kernels about 2 ears, 2 large pears, peeled and cut into 1 inch cubes, 6 dried apricots, quartered, soaked in cold water for 20 minutes and drained., 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 12 cup long grain white rice, soaked for 1 hour and drained], title: Turkey in Baked Pumpkin, picturelink: null}, 48473: {instructions: Chunk up the potatoes, cutting them into large bitesize pieces and place them in a pot of water. Boil until tender, drain and return back to hot pot to dry them out. Add hot peppers, bell peppers and scallions to potatoes, then dress with a splash of hot pepper juice and vinegar. Toss to combine, then drizzle with extravirgin olive oil to coat the salad evenly and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 12 pounds small potatoes, baby Yukon gold or red skinned potatoes, 2 ounces, about 3 tablespoons, sliced jarred or canned hot peppers: jalapenos, hot pepper rings, hot cherry peppers, your choice, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 4 scallions, chopped, A splash hot pepper juice, from jar or can, 3 tablespoons cider or wine vinegar, eyeball it, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and pepper], title: Pepper and Potato Salad, picturelink: KGX9bDhPq7LmNT4kQW4q6nqgJvtDSNi}, 48474: {instructions: Make the dip: Pulse the yogurt, blue cheese, mayonnaise, garlic, milk and lemon juice in a food processor until combined but still chunky. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nMake the wings: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Coat a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Put the chicken wings in a deep skillet add 3 pieces of celery, 3 pieces of carrot, the bay leaves, chicken broth, hot sauce, paprika, butter, honey and 12 cup water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer until the chicken is almost cooked through, about 18 minutes. Transfer the wings to the prepared baking sheet and arrange in a single layer reserve the sauce in the skillet.nBake the wings, turning once, until the skin is golden and crisp, 30 to 35 minutes. Meanwhile, simmer the reserved sauce over mediumlow heat until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Discard the celery, carrot and bay leaves. Reserve onequarter of the sauce for serving. Return the wings to the skillet and toss with the remaining sauce. Serve the wings with the blue cheese dip and reserved sauce cut the remaining celery and carrot into sticks to serve on the side., ingredients: [34 cup plain nonfat Greek yogurt, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 small clove garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon skim milk or buttermilk, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Cooking spray, for the baking sheet, 3 pounds chicken wings, split at the joints, tips removed, 4 stalks celery, cut into thirds, 4 carrots, cut in half, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup fatfree lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup Franks RedHot sauce or 12 cup other hot sauce, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Baked Buffalo Wings With Blue CheeseYogurt Dip, picturelink: aMKCNDcCjYxkNoVw9Gbm8JT92f0EuGS}, 48475: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the onions, bell peppers, okra and celery set aside.nCombine all but 12 cup of the flour, the salt, garlic powder, and red pepper in a plastic bag, add the chicken pieces and shake until chicken is well coated. In large heavy skillet heat 1 12inches of oil until very hot 375 degrees F. Fry the chicken until the crust is brown on both sides and meat is cooked, about 5 to 8 minutes per side drain on paper towels.nRemove the pan from the heat and pour the hot oil into a cup, leaving as many brown particles in the pan as possible. Scrape the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon to loosen any stuck particles, then return 12 cup of the hot oil to the pan. Place the pan over high heat. Using a long handled whisk, gradually stir in remaining flour. Cook, whisking constantly, until a roux is formed and is a dark redbrown. Remove from heat and add the reserved vegetable mixture, stirring constantly until the roux stops getting darker. Return to a low heat and cook until the vegetables are soft.nIn a separate large pot, bring the chicken stock to a boil. Add the roux by spoonfuls to the boiling stock, stirring between each addition. Reduce to a simmer and add the andouille and remaining ingredients, except file powder. Simmer for 45 minutes. While gumbo is simmering, bone the cooked chicken and cut meat into 12inch dice. Add to the gumbo. Add file powder 5 minutes before serving and continue to simmer for 5 minutes.nServe gumbo on a mound of cooked rice., ingredients: [1 cup finely chopped onion, 1 cup finely chopped green bell pepper, 2 pounds okra, chopped, 34 cup finely chopped celery, 1 14 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon ground red pepper, Vegetable oil, 1 12 quarts chicken stock, 1 cup chopped tomatoes, 2 cups tomato juice, 1 tablespoon file powder, 12 pound andouille sausage, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Cooked rice, for serving], title: Chicken and Andouille Smoked Sausage Gumbo Creole Stew, picturelink: null}, 48476: {instructions: In a medium bowl, toss to combine the Emmenthal, Gruyere, cornstarch, salt, garlic powder and white pepper set aside.nBring the wine to a simmer in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add a large handful of the cheese mixture and whisk until smooth. Repeat until all the cheese has been added and is completely melted and smooth. Whisk in the applejack to taste.nTransfer the melted cheese to a fondue pot or casserole dish and serve warm over a flame with bread cubes, sausages, vegetables and fruit., ingredients: [8 ounces Emmenthal cheese, grated, 8 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 1 to 2 tablespoons applejack, Serving suggestions: cubed French bread, sliced cooked sausages, broccoli florets, mushrooms, diced apples, cooked fingerling potatoes], title: The Ultimate Cheese Fondue Dip Station, picturelink: ItYUDUMZaMrKzEqy0f1KegyWIRl.JtC}, 48477: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9inch pie plate with cooking spray.nIn a food processor, process the graham crackers until finely ground. Add butter and water and process until the crumbs clump together. Press the crumb mixture into bottom of pie plate and about 1inch up the sides. Bake for 10 minutes, then let cool.nIn the meantime, make the pudding. Put the gelatin in a small bowl, add the boiling water and stir until dissolved. Set aside.nIn a medium saucean mix the 23 cup of sugar, cocoa, cornstarch and salt. Gradually add half of the milk, whisking until smooth. Whisk in the rest of the milk. Turn the heat on to medium and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture thickens and comes to a boil, about 10 minutes.nRemove from the heat. Add the chocolate and stir until melted. Stir in the vanilla and reserved gelatin. Pour the mixture into the pie crust and let set for 3 hours in the refrigerator.nWhip the cream and remaining 12 teaspoon of sugar. Before serving, garnish the pie with the whipped cream., ingredients: [14 graham cracker squares 7 full sheets, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin, 13 cup boiling water, 23 cup sugar, plus 12 teaspoon, 13 cup cocoa, 14 cup cornstarch, 18 teaspoon salt, 3 cups 1 percent lowfat milk, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Double Chocolate Pudding Pie, picturelink: T3DxQtrNZxPg8njMbTzKXiDt2deFHzu}, 48478: {instructions: Prepare the satay sauce by whisking satay sauce ingredients in a bowl until well combined, set aside until needed. In a small bowl, add chili powder, cumin, dried chili flakes and salt to peanut butter.nOn a nonstick sheet pan, lay out 4 slices of brioche, coat each slice with the spicy peanut butter, and add about 3 slices of cheese to each slice of bread. Put the other slice of bread on top, toast and cut into triangles. Drizzle with satay sauce and serve.nMix well so all ingredients are incorporated well., ingredients: [4 tablespoons peanut butter, 4 tablespoons coconut milk, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 6 teaspoons soy sauce, 4 teaspoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 jar creamy peanut butter, 2 teaspoon chili powder, add more if you want more spice, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon dried chili flakes, Pinch salt, 8 slices brioche bread, 1 package Dubliner cheddar cheese, cut into slices], title: Spanish Peanut Butter Brioche Sandwiches, picturelink: Magqg5h4Xo8PcKEO2GLThez2.NI1RB2}, 48479: {instructions: Bring about 3 quarts of water to a boil in a large pot or Dutch oven. Add the white wine, salt, peppercorns, parsley stems, if using, thyme, bay leaves, shallots and garlic. Bring back to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer and let the flavors meld, about 10 minutes. Add the shrimp and cook just until opaque and pink, about 2 minutes. Remove from the liquid and shock in an ice bath to stop the cooking. Serve chilled., ingredients: [1 cup white wine, 1 to 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 5 black peppercorns, 4 to 5 parsley stems, optional, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 shallots, coarsely chopped, 1 head garlic, cut horizontally, 6 to 8 headon large shrimp, deveined, peeled with tails on], title: Poaching Liquid for Shrimp, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 48480: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter a 10inch round cake pan and line the bottom with waxed or parchment paper. Flour the sides of the pan with matzo cake meal.nIn the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water, melt the butter and chocolate together, stirring frequently. Set aside to cool slightly.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the eggs, egg yolks, and sugar until very light and fluffy. Fold in the hot chocolate mixture.nIn a small bowl, mix the matzo meal and ground walnuts. Fold into the chocolateegg mixture. Pour into the prepared pan and bake until firm and dry on the top and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out almost clean a few crumbs are OK, about 35 to 40 minutes.nLet cool 20 minutes in the pan, then turn out onto a rack and let cool to room temperature. Transfer to a serving plate and refrigerate 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the frosting: In the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water, whisk the egg whites and sugar together until the mixture is very hot and the sugar has dissolved somewhat. Remove from the heat and whip the mixture in a mixer or using a hand mixer until cooled, smooth, and fluffy. Add the butter and whip until smooth the mixture might look broken at this point, but keep whipping and it will smooth out.nDrizzle in the melted chocolate and coffee, and whip until smooth and fluffy. Using a flexible spatula, frost the chilled cake on the top and sides.nServe immediately or refrigerate up to 24 hours. Remove from the refrigerator 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus extra for pan, 12 cup matzo cake meal, plus extra, for flouring the pan, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, 5 eggs, 3 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons sugar, 7 ounces about 2 13 cups finely ground walnuts, 12 cup egg whites from about 4 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 8 ounces 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, melted, 2 teaspoons cold brewed coffee], title: Chocolate Walnut Torte, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 48481: {instructions: Place first 6 ingredients in processor until almost smooth. Add juice and blend well. Season spice mixture with salt pepper. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Rub the spice mixture over each fillet. Refrigerate 2 hours.nPreheat grill. Remove fish from marinade and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 3 minutes on each side.nWhisk together the ingredients and season with salt and pepper to taste.nPlace greens in a large bowl and drizzle with some of the dressing, season with salt and pepper and toss to coat, divide among 8 plates.nArrange grapefruit segments and mangoes atop greens and drizzle with some of the dressing place 1 fish fillet along each salad. Top fish with avocado., ingredients: [3 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 2 teaspoons allspice, 12 cup grapefruit juice, 8 5 to 6ounce sea bass fillets, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons grapefruit juice, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 10 cups mixed baby greens, 2 pink grapefruits, peeled and cut into segments, 2 large mangoes, peeled, pitted and thinly sliced, 1 avocado, peeled, pitted, thinly sliced, Vinaigrette], title: Grilled Sea Bass, Mango, Grapefruit and Avocado Salad, picturelink: null}, 48482: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Salt the water and drop the spaghetti into the pot.nHeat a large deep skillet over low heat. Add extravirgin olive oil and garlic and crushed red pepper flakes.nWhen the pasta has been cooking about 5 minutes, add lemon juice, a ladle of the cooking water from the pasta and the cream to the garlic and oil. Raise heat a bit to bring sauce to a bubble.nDrain pasta when it still has a good bite to it, al dente. Add lemon zest and half of the cheese to the cream sauce. Season the sauce with salt, to taste. Add pasta to pan and turn off heat. Toss the pasta with sauce a minute or 2, allowing it time to soak up the sauce.nTop the plates of pasta or platter with remaining cheese, parsley and basil., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound spaghetti, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 12 to 34 cup heavy cream, 1 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano, Handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 12 cup 10 or 12 leaves fresh basil, very thinly sliced], title: Lemon Spaghetti, picturelink: yn.S5QjqsVnvU46g9HScf0.HVVCekS}, 48483: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender puree the mango, passion fruit nectar and lime juice until smooth. Strain through a mesh strain and set aside.nIn a cocktail shaker full of ice combine 1 part vodka and 1 part of the mango and passion fruit puree. Shake and strain into a chilled martini glass. Repeat with remaining ingredients and garnish each glass with a piece of mango., ingredients: [1 large ripe mango, peeled, pitted and cut into chunks, reserve some for garnish, 1 cup passion fruit nectar, 1 lime, juiced, 4 shots vodka], title: Passion Fruit and Mango MarTony, picturelink: VF3TKYGSgHJ0uFtudMgVSw90cWEnXm}, 48484: {instructions: SET UP: Prepare a grill or grill pan and heat to mediumhigh heat.nFORM THE PATTIES: Gently mix the ground beef, Cajun seasoning, and scallions. Form into four 12inchthick patties.nMIX THE REMOULADE: Combine the mayonnaise, mustard, hot sauce, parsley, and celery in a small bowl. Refrigerate until needed.nGRILL EVERYTHING: Grill the patties, flipping once, to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for medium. Brush the onion and green pepper with the oil and grill the vegetables until lightly charred and tender, about 5 minutes total.nSERVE: Toast the buns on the grill for a minute or so. Put a patty on the bottom bun and top with remoulade. Add some onion and bell pepper, then add the top bun., ingredients: [1 12 pounds 80 lean ground beef, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 3 scallions, sliced white and green parts, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 14 cup loosely packed fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 1 celery stalk, finely chopped about 12 cup, 1 medium yellow onion, sliced into 14inch rounds, 1 medium green bell pepper, sliced into 14inch rings, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 sesame seed hamburger buns, split], title: Cajun Spiced Burgers, picturelink: yz51BJr6cF9M4MbBbTFZi1L6uO7SsnG}, 48485: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the oil, vinegar, garlic paste and thyme in a medium bowl, add the tomatoes and toss to coat. Let tomatoes sit at room temperature for 30 minutes to marinate.nHeat the grill to high.nRemove the tomatoes from the marinade and skewer 4 per skewer, depending on the size of the tomatoes. Season on both sides with salt and pepper and grill until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides, about 6 minutes. Transfer the skewers to a platter and garnish with chives., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped and made into garlic paste, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 24 cherry tomatoes, 8 to 10 wooden 6inch skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives], title: Marinated Grilled Cherry Tomatoes Skewers, picturelink: lpoA7kpilRmc3lwuKDe8XyV1NJm.VTK}, 48486: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the vinaigrette: Combine the wine, fennel seeds, peppercorns and thyme in a wide shallow saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced to 14 cup. Strain the mixture into a blender and discard the solids.nAdd the vinegar and salt to taste and blend to combine. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified add the honey to taste.nFor the dough: Dissolve the yeast in the warm water in a large bowl and let stand for 5 minutes. Stir in 3 cups flour and the salt, stirring until smooth. Stir in an additional 2 cups flour. Continue adding the flour up to 12 cup, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring until the dough comes away from the bowl but is still sticky.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead with lightly floured hands. Start by slapping the dough onto the counter, pulling it toward you with one hand and pushing it away from you with the other. Fold the dough back over itself use a bench scraper or a wide knife to help scrape the dough from the surface. Repeat until its easier to handle, about 10 times. Finish kneading normally until the dough is smooth, elastic and soft, but a little tacky, about 10 minutes. Shape the dough into a ball and transfer to a lightly oiled bowl turn to coat. Cover with plastic and let rise in a warm place until it doubles in volume, 3 hours. Press it with your finger to see if its done an indent should remain.nPrepare the charcoal in a chimney starter allowing the charcoal to burn until all the charcoal is covered with a thin layer of gray ash. Add to the grill and create a twolevel fire by spreading the coals out over half the grill bottom, piling them up in a mound 3 briquettes high, leaving the other half with no coals.nRemove the dough from the bowl, divide in half and shape each half into a ball. Brush with oil and set aside for 30 minutes.nStretch and shape each ball of dough into a 12 by 10inch rectangle or round on a flat surface. Brush the tops of each with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Let rest for 15 minutes. Place on the grill directly over the coals, oiled side down, and grill until lightly golden brown, about 1 minute. Flip over and grill for 1 minute longer.nPlace the flatbreads on a flat surface and divide the Monterey Jack cheese evenly over the top. Arrange the cut figs on top and the blue cheese around the figs. Return to the grill on the opposite side of the coals, for indirect heat, close the cover and cook until the cheese has melted and the figs are heated through, about 5 minutes. Remove from the grill and drizzle with some of the red wine vinaigrette and garnish with parsley leaves. Cut and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup fruity dry red wine, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, Kosher salt, 12 cup extravirgin California olive oil, 2 tablespoons honey, or as needed, 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast one 14ounce envelope, 2 cups warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 5 to 5 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, preferably organic, 2 teaspoons fine sea salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 14 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese, 8 fresh ripe figs, quartered, 4 ounces blue cheese preferably from Northern CA, Sonoma or Napa, crumbled, Fresh flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Flatbread with Fresh Figs, Monterey Jack, Blue Cheese and Red Wine Reduced Vinaigrette, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 48487: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 dozen demitasse spoonsnWith a heavy sharp knife, chop tuna into very small slices. In a mixing bowl, combine tuna, chives, capers, shallots, lemon juice, oil, salt and freshly ground pepper and chill for 1 hour. Fill demitasse spoons with mixture and serve., ingredients: [6 ounces sushi tuna, 1 teaspoon chopped chives, 12 teaspoon chopped capers, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 ounce extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tuna Tartare, picturelink: m9qk9iwHAztWlHCnNe4k7Yvp8y4S18.}, 48488: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees. Wash the pike inside out and dry it on paper towels. Cut 2 or 3 diagonal slashes in both sides of the fish so the oven heat can penetrate and cook the fish more evenly. Tuck herb sprigs into each slash. Trim the tail into a neat v shape. Set the fish in an oiled baking dish or roasting pan and sprinkle it with olive oil, salt and pepper. Roast the fish, brushing regularly with more olive oil, until the skin is brown and crisp, 30 to 40 minutes. The fish eye will have turned white and the flesh should no longer be transparent check it by flaking a bit from the backbone with a fork. Herb Butter: Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Discard the stems from the large watercress and spinach and the large stalks from the parsley and chervil. Add the herbs to the boiling water and blanch them by simmering for 2 minutes. Drain, rinse with cold water and pat dry on paper towels. Drain the anchovies and work them in a food processor with the pickle, capers garlic and butter until finely chopped. With the blades turning, slowly pour in the olive oil. The herb butter will be creamy and a lovely shade of green. Add the mustard and season the butter to taste with lemon juice, salt and pepper. To finish, transfer the whole fish to a warm platter and decorate it with lemon wedges. Serve the herb butter in a separate bowl., ingredients: [1 whole pike about 4 pounds with head and fins, scaled and cleaned, 2 to 3 thyme sprigs, 2 to 3 oregano or marjoram sprigs, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 lemons cut into wedges, for serving, 12  ounce watercress, 12  ounce spinach leaves, 12 ounce parsley, 12  ounce chervil or chives, 3 anchovy fillets, soaked in milk, 1 medium gherkin pickle, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 1 garlic clove, peeled, 6 tablespoons butter, softened, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons Dijonstyle mustard, Squeeze of lemon juice], title: Roast Pike with Piquant Herb Butter, picturelink: null}, 48489: {instructions: Combine the flour, 1 teaspoon of salt, and 14 teaspoon of black pepper in a gallon ziptop bag. Pat the trout dry and toss to coat in the bag with the seasoned flour.nHeat the olive oil in a 12inch saute pan set over mediumhigh heat until it shimmers. Carefully add the trout to the pan. Cook on each side for 1 minute.nUsing tongs or a fish spatula, transfer the trout to a 13 by 9inch glass baking dish. Reduce the heat to medium, add the onion, and cook until translucent, approximately 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for an additional minute. Add the remaining 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, thyme, coriander, paprika, white wine, vinegar, and lemon zest. Decrease the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for 10 minutes.nRemove from the heat and pour the marinade over the trout. Refrigerate, uncovered, for at least 1 hour before serving. Serve cool or at room temperature with the sauce and onions. Refrigerate, covered, for up to 12 hours., ingredients: [13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 4 6 to 8 ounce small whole trout, headon, scaled, gutted and rinsed, 13 cup olive oil, 1 medium red onion, julienned, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon freshly ground coriander, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 3 strips lemon zest, approximately 3 by 1inch], title: Escabeche of Trout, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 48490: {instructions: To make the cajeta: place the unopened can of milk in a heavy saucepan and cover completely with water. Over very low heat, cook at a bare quiver for 3 hours, adding more water as necessary as it evaporates. With an oven glove, turn the can over and cook for 2 12 hours more. Cool to room temperature and refrigerate overnight.nIn a blender, combine the milk, eggs, sugar, flour, butter, salt, vanilla, cloves, and cinnamon and blend until completely smooth. Let the batter sit in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nHeat a small nonstick skillet and pour in about 2 tablespoons of the crepe batter, swirling the pan immediately to make sure the batter covers the pan evenly. Cook until small bubbles form on the surface, then flip to the other side. Slide onto a plate and make the remaining crepes in the same way, stacking them on the plate until you are finished.nTo assemble the crepes: open the can of cooked condensed milk and stir it up from the bottom with a fork, blending to an evenly thick consistency. Spread about 1 tablespoon of the cajeta evenly over the surface of one crepe. Scatter some of the toasted pecans over the top and roll up into a tube. Repeat with the remaining crepes and reheat in a low oven for a few minutes before serving. Serve 4 crepes per person, sprinkled with a little confectioners sugar and scattered with raspberries., ingredients: [1 14 ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup milk, 1 large egg, 2 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla, Pinch ground cloves, Pinch ground cinnamon, 1 cup coarsely chopped pecans, toasted see Note, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 pint fresh raspberries], title: Crepes Cajeta, picturelink: null}, 48491: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace bacon on a sheet tray and cook until crisp, about 25 minutes. Melt chocolate in double boiler over low heat. Dip crisp bacon in chocolate and place back on sheet tray.nSprinkle with almonds and refrigerate for 30 minutes or until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pound thickly sliced slab bacon, 12 pound milk chocolate, 14 pound toasted almonds], title: Chocolate Covered Bacon with Almonds, picturelink: qAx4cxQPwDLis9R.amjIS0PXamE96K}, 48492: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat, cook the rock sugar with the red wine and set aside. In a large mixing bowl, combine the shallots, garlic, ginger, green onion, cilantro, thyme, red miso, soy sauce, reserved red wine, and the oil. Mix well. Add the beef to the mixture and marinate for 4 to 6 hours. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Prepare an oven safe, medium saute pan over high heat. Season the beef with the salt and pepper. Sear the beef for 2 minutes. Place the pan in the oven to finish cooking, about 8 to 10 minutes for medium rare. Take care that the beef does not burn as the marinade contains sugar.nIn a large saute pan over high heat, cook the shallots, garlic, ginger, and thyme, for 4 to 6 minutes. Add the chanterelle and cook for another 5 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the wine, then add the mushroom stock and the soy sauce. Set aside 12 cup of the mixture to be used in the risotto cake. Extract about 8 of the larger mushrooms to be used as garnish. Reduce the liquid by 13 and then puree the mixture in a blender. Add the lemon juice, canola oil, and truffle oil and season with salt and pepper.nPlace the chicken stock in a large pot over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and keep warm. Coat a large saucepan over medium heat with the olive oil. Sweat the onions and garlic, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the rice and saute for 4 additional minutes. Deglaze the pan with the white wine and reduce until almost dry. Slowly add the warm chicken stock allowing the rice to absorb the liquid. Stir the rice occasionally to prevent it from sticking to the bottom of the pan. Keep adding the chicken stock until the rice is cooked al dente. Season with salt and pepper and add the reserved mushrooms, herbs, cheese, and butter.nBring a stockpot filled with salted water to a boil. Quickly blanch the spinach and then immediately plunge it into a bowl of ice water. Strain the spinach from the water and allow to dry. In a mixing bowl, combine the spinach, sesame seeds, sesame oil, Korean chile flakes, salt and pepper. Place the spinach mixture in the middle of a 12 by 12inch piece of aluminum foil. Fold the mixture to form a roll with a oneinch diameter and twist the ends of the foil to secure the spinach. Place the foiled roll in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Remove the roulade from the refrigerator and allow it to reach room temperature. Using a serrated knife cut the roulade with foil intact into 1 12inch pieces. Be sure to remove the foil before serving.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk together the sesame paste, rice wine vinegar, canola oil, shallot, ginger, salt, and pepper. Set aside.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine the truffle oil and the lemon juice. Add the radishes and chives and season with the salt and pepper. Set aside.nPlating: Place the risotto near the top of the plate with the roulade resting on top of the risotto. Drizzle the sesame dressing over the roulade and sprinkle with sesame seeds, and then add the radish on top of the roulade. Cut the beef in half and rest it against the cake. Drizzle the vinaigrette around the plate and garnish with the reserved chanterelles, about 2 per plate., ingredients: [2 tablespoons rock sugar or brown sugar, 34 cup red wine, 2 medium sized shallots, chopped, 12 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh ginger, 12 cup green onion, chopped, 14 cup cilantro, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons red miso, 1 cup canola oil, 2 pounds cleaned beef tenderloin, cut into 4 8ounce portions, 1 12 cups shallots, chopped, 12 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh ginger, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 3 cups chanterelles, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup mushroom stock, 2 tablespoons mushroom soy sauce or soy sauce, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 cup canola oil, 12 cup truffle oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup onion, small dice, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 cups canaroli rice, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup Parmesan, plus a little for sprinkling, 12 cup reserved chanterelle mushroom mixture, from above recipe, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons parsley, chopped, 2 tablespoons chives, chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon canola oil, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Oven Roasted Beef Tenderloin with CitrusChanterelle Vinaigrette Warm SesameSpinach Roulade and Risotto Cake, picturelink: null}, 48493: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in the grill.nLightly brush the onion slices with olive oil. Place on the grill and cook about 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a platter and reserve. Place the steaks on the grill. Baste a couple of times with Chili Water and cook until done, about 4 to 6 minutes on each side. Transfer to a platter.nLightly brush the pita bread with olive oil and grill for 1 minute to heat through.nSlice the tomatoes into 14inch slices and then cut the slices in half. Lay out the pita bread on 2 sheet pans and crumble the blue cheese on top. Transfer to the oven to keep warm. Slice the meat lengthwise into 12inch slices and put into a bowl. Toss the meat with 12 cup Chimichurri Sauce. Remove the pita from the oven and divide the meat between them. Place the sliced tomatoes on the side of the meat and top all with rings of grilled onion. Spoon the remaining 1 teaspoon of Chimichurri Sauce over top and serve.nMix all ingredients together.nPlace the parsley, bay leaves, garlic, paprika, oregano, vinegar, olive oil, salt, and pepper in a food processor. Pulse until combined. Put the sauce in a glass or plastic container, using as needed. Chimichurri will last for up to 1 month, refrigerated. Makes 2 12 cups., ingredients: [3 red onions, peeled and sliced 12inch thick, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 3 pounds skirt steak, Chili Water, recipe follows, 8 fresh pita breads, 4 vineripened tomatoes, 12 pound blue cheese, 12 cup plus 1 teaspoon Chimichurri Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 cup warm water, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 2 bay leaves, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 teaspoons smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, finely chopped, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Gaucho Steak with Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48494: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a 1 12inch round cutter, cut 4 rounds from each slice of bread. Place the rounds on a sheet pan and toast in the oven until golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes.nBring a 5quart pot of highly salted water to a boil. Prepare a medium bowl with ice and water. Add the shrimp to the boiling water and simmer until cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. With a slotted spoon or strainer, transfer the shrimp to the ice water to stop the cooking. Drain, pat dry, cut lengthwise and keep cool.nPulse the creme fraiche with the horseradish in a food processor until smooth. Season with salt.nPlace 1 teaspoon of the creme fraiche mixture on 1 toasted round. Top with 1 shrimp and garnish with chopped chives.nBYOC: Need a little extra spice in your life Try adding your favorite hot sauce to the horseradish mixture. This is a great cocktail party item. You can make all the parts ahead of time and put together right before your guests arrive., ingredients: [9 slices very thin white bread, Kosher salt, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined and tails removed, 1 cup creme fraiche, 3 tablespoons finely grated fresh horseradish, or 3 tablespoons drained from jar, 1 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped], title: Shrimp with Horseradish Canapes, picturelink: Mbv8lHWHzWylrcMWm1uffmU053UGebS}, 48495: {instructions: If you are serving other foods or eating it as an appetizer, this dish serves 8 people. If you are eating this as a main dish, this dish serves 4 people.nIn a bowl or baking dish, toss chicken with 1 cup orange juice concentrate, cornstarch, chili garlic sauce, and ginger. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Cook the noodles according to package directions. Drain and hold in a bowl of cold water. Remove chicken from refrigerator and drain into a colander discard marinade. In a large skillet, combine chicken stock, remaining 14 cup orange juice concentrate, and oyster sauce. Cook sauce over mediumhigh heat until liquids reduce and sauce is thick, about 5 to 10 minutes. While sauce is reducing, heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add red pepper, peas, mushrooms, and green onions. Saute until tender yet still crisp. Remove from the heat and set aside. Heat a nonstick wok or large skillet over high heat. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the pan and heat. Carefully drop 13 of the chicken into the wok and stirfry so that all sides of the chicken get crispy. When the first 13 is fully cooked through, remove from pan and repeat with the remaining 2 portions. Add all of the cooked chicken and sauteed vegetables to the skillet with the sauce and toss to combine. Drain noodles and then add to pan with sauce. Stir to coat noodles with sauce. Transfer to a large serving platter.nNutritional Analysis per 8 Appetizer Servings: Calories: 273 Total Fat: 6 grams Saturated Fat: 1 gram Carbohydrates: 37 grams Fiber: 2 gramsnNutritional Analysis per 4 Main Course Servings: Calories: 546 Total Fat: 11 grams Saturated Fat: 2 grams Carbohydrates: 74 grams Fiber: 4 grams, ingredients: [1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, sliced, 1 cup frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed, plus 14 cup, thawed, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons chili garlic sauce, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 8 ounces lo mein noodles, 12 cup chicken stock, 13 cup prepared oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, divided, 12 red pepper, thinly sliced, 14 pound snowpeas, cleaned, 4 ounces button mushrooms, sliced, 1 bunch green onions, sliced], title: Spicy Orange Chicken Lo Mein, picturelink: pRE41GTaS3XxlH38PSN73eDHq0dHSDe}, 48496: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a shallow baking pan arrange the bread pieces in one layer, bake them in the oven, stirring occasionally, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until they are golden, and transfer them to a large bowl. In a large skillet cook the onions, celery, sage, thyme, rosemary, and savory in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, add the chestnuts, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the vegetable mixture to the bread pieces, tossing the mixture well, stir in the parsley and salt and pepper to taste, and let the stuffing cool completely. This stuffing may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. To prevent bacterial growth do not stuff the turkey cavities in advance.nTO SHELL AND PEEL CHESTNUTSnWith a sharp knife cut an X on the round side of each chestnut. Spread the chestnuts in one layer in a jellyroll pan, add 14 cup water, and bake the chestnuts in a preheated 450 degree F oven for 10 minutes, or until the shells open. Remove the chestnuts, a handful at a time, and shell and peel them while they are still hot., ingredients: [6 cups torn bitesize pieces of dayold homemadestyle white bread, 2 onions, chopped, 4 ribs of celery, chopped, 3 tablespoons minced fresh sage leaves or 1 tablespoon dried, crumbled, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves or 2 teaspoons dried, crumbled, 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary leaves or 1 12 teaspoons dried, crumbled, 1 tablespoon minced fresh savory leaves or 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, 1 pound fresh chestnuts, shelled and peeled chopped coarsely, or 34 pound vacuumpacked whole chestnuts, chopped coarsely about 2 cups, 12 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Chestnut Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 48497: {instructions: For the peppers: Preheat a broiler. Arrange the peppers in a single layer on a heavy baking sheet. Broil, turning the peppers every 3 to 4 minutes, until charred on all sides. Place the peppers in a resealable plastic bag for 15 minutes.nGently scrape off the burnt skin, being careful not to tear the flesh. Lay each pepper on the work surface. Using a paring knife, remove a 12inchwide strip of flesh from the side of each pepper to create an opening. Chop the strips of pepper into 12inch pieces and reserve for the filling. Using a small spoon, remove the seeds from inside each pepper.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the reserved chopped peppers, the corn, green onions, corn chips, chicken, basil, lime juice, salt and pepper toss to blend. Mix in the cheese. Divide the filling among the peppers about 23 cup each, packing gently and mounding at the opening. Arrange the peppers in a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish. Pour the chicken broth around the peppers. Bake until peppers are heated through, 25 to 30 minutes.nFor the sauce: Spoon the avocado flesh into a food processor. Add the oil, lime juice, salt and pepper. Blend until smooth.nTo serve: Spoon a circle of sauce in the center of 6 plates. Place the peppers on the sauce and serve., ingredients: [6 large red bell peppers, 1 cup fresh corn kernels cut from 1 large ear, 4 large green onions, chopped, 8 corn tortilla chips, crushed, 1 chicken breast, diced into 14inch pieces to yield 1 cup of meat, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups shredded wholemilk mozzarella cheese, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Two 9 to 10ounce ripe avocados, halved, seeded, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Stuffed Red Bell Pepper Rellenos, picturelink: 1kc75QSz0Sor9RG8B1m9F9QVbc3Orvq}, 48498: {instructions: Put all but 1 cup cranberries in a saucepan. Remove wide strips of zest from 1 orange with a peeler add to the saucepan with the juice of both oranges about 12 cup. Add the sugar, coriander, a pinch of salt and 12 cup water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat cook, stirring occasionally, until the berries burst and the sauce thickens, 15 to 20 minutes.nStir in the remaining 1 cup cranberries cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool remove the orange zest. Transfer to a serving dish and refrigerate at least 3 hours.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 pound cranberries about 4 cups, thawed if frozen, 2 medium oranges, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, Kosher salt], title: Classic Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48499: {instructions: Season the pork tenderloin on both sides with rosemary, tarragon, salt and pepper. In a large pan, add chicken stock, garlic, oil, salt and pepper. Allow the stock to simmer over medium heat. Cut the seasoned, raw pork into medallions and then place them into the simmering stock. Cook the meat until the medallions are medium rare. Remove from the pan.nIn the final presentation, place the potato puree in the middle of the plate with the asparagus above it. Lay the pork against the puree and the orange juice sauce below the pork. Garnish with the red pepper strips.nPlace the pumpkin pie filling and sweet potatoes into a food processor. Add honey, tarragon, and salt and pepper to the food processor and blend into the potato mixture.nIn a large pot, bring just enough water to cover the asparagus to a boil. Add the asparagus to boiling water and blanch the stalks until they are al dente. Heat a medium saute pan and melt 2 tablespoons of butter in the pan. Add the blanched asparagus to the pan and saute with shallots and garlic. Cook until the asparagus spears are tender.nPour the entire can of frozen orange juice into a medium saucepan and heat the juice over medium heat. Reduce the liquid by 12. Add freshly chopped tarragon to the orange juice reduction and stir well.nOver an open flame, roast the entire red pepper until the skin blackens. Once the entire pepper is blackened, wrap it in plastic wrap. Allow it to stand in the wrap for approximately 10 minutes. Remove the pepper from the wrap and wipe away the black skin. Julienne the pepper and use, as garnish, on the plate., ingredients: [3 pork tenderloins, cleaned, 3 tablespoons chopped rosemary leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped tarragon leaves, Salt and pepper, Chicken stock, for sauteing, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Sweet Potato Puree, recipe follows, Steamed asparagus, recipe follows, Orange juice reduction, recipe follows, Julienne roasted red pepper, recipe follows, 12 can pumpkin pie filling, 12 can sweet potatoes, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 12 tablespoons tarragon leaves, chopped, Salt and pepper, Several stalks asparagus, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons shallots, chopped, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon pepper, 1 12ounce can frozen orange juice concentrate, 1 12 tablespoons chopped tarragon leaves, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 red bell pepper, Salt and pepper], title: Garlic and Rosemary Pork Tenderloin with an Orange Juice Reduction, Sweet Potato Puree and Steamed Asparagus with Julienne Roasted Red Pepper, picturelink: null}, 48500: {instructions: With a zester, remove strips of zest from 4 of the tangerines. Set aside. Extract the juice from all 8 tangerines. There should be about 3 cups of juice.nCombine the tangerine zest, sugar, and 1 cup water in a mediumsize saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the syrup is reduced to 1 cup, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.nDrain the syrup into a large bowl, reserving the candied zest for garnish. Stir the tangerine juice and lemon juice into the syrup. Cover and refrigerate until well chilled or chill over a bowl of ice water, stirring the mixture occasionally.Freeze the mixture in an ice cream maker according to manufacturers instructions. If not transfer the sorbet to a plastic container. To prevent ice crystals from forming, place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the sorbet before putting the lid on the container. Store in the freezer.nIf not using an ice cream maker, place the chilled mixture in a stainless steel or other metal baking pan, cover with plastic wrap, and freeze until softly set, about 2 hours. Transfer the partially frozen mixture to a food processor and process until smooth and fluffy, about 10 seconds. Return the mixture to the baking pan, freeze until halfset, and repeat the process. After the second blending, transfer it to a plastic container. To prevent ice crystals from forming, place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the sorbet before putting the lid on the container. Store in the freezer until the sorbet is solid, about 4 hours.nRemove the sorbet from the freezer 10 minutes before serving. Serve in chilled stemmed glasses. Garnish each serving with the reserved candied tangerine zest and a mint sprig, if desired., ingredients: [8 large tangerines, 1 12 cups sugar, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish optional], title: Tangerine Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 48501: {instructions: In a saucepan of boiling salted water add the shellfish and cook for 12 minutes, or until just firm. Drain and pat dry In a bowl combine the seafood with the beans, fennel and onion. In a bowl whisk together the lemon juice, vinegar, mustard and salt and pepper to taste. Add the oil in a stream whisking, and whisk the mixture until it is combined well. Pour the dressing over the salad and toss to combine. Garnish with the herbs., ingredients: [34 pound squid, cleaned, tentacles removed and, body sacs cut into 14inch rings, 34 pound shrimp, same size as squid shelled and, deveined, 1 12 cups cooked cannellini beans, 12 cup thinly sliced fennel, 12 cup thinly sliced red onion, 2 tablespoons of fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon of red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, Salt and pepper to taste, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, or to taste, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, dill or chervil], title: Shellfish, Fennel and White Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 48502: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCompletely line a 9 by 13inch baking dish with aluminum foil shinyside down and grease the insides.nCream butter until soft. Add sugars, eggs, 1 at a time, and vanilla. Add flour and salt.nMelt chocolates in a double boiler and add baking soda.nPut 23 of the white batter into the baking dish. Add the melted chocolate mixture to the remaining batter. Mix thoroughly and spoon onto the white batter in the baking dish. Take a knife and cut through to marbleize. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Freeze the brownies when done.nRemove the brownies from the pan and peel off the foil. Cut in squares and serve. If you want, you can let them get soft and eat at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup butter, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 4 eggs, 1 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1 13 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 1 square semisweet chocolate, 18 teaspoon baking soda], title: Marbleized Brownies, picturelink: MMh4.fPeeXw3jFhqUpD6VrUPtNDgtC}, 48503: {instructions: Pears: Peel, core and slice the pears 12inch thick. Combine the pears in a large saute pan with the sugar, Riesling, salt, and lemon juice. Cook over mediumhigh heat until the juices start to evaporate, 10 to 15 minutes. In a food processor, roughly puree the pears. Set aside to cool.nRiesling Sabayon:nFill a medium saucepan 13 full of water. Bring the water to a low boil.nFill a medium bowl with ice water. Set aside.nIn a stainless steel bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, sugar, Riesling, and salt. Set the bowl into the pot of water, making sure that the water doesnt touch the bottom of the bowl. Cook, whisking constantly, until thick, about 3 minutes. Set the bowl in the bowl of ice water. Whisk until cool.nIn a separate bowl, whisk the cream until soft peaks form. Fold it into the Riesling mixture. Refrigerate until you are ready to assemble the trifle.nFor Assembly: 1 recipe Vanilla Genoise recipe follows Equipment: 2 12quart bowl, preferably glassAssembly: Cut the genoise in half horizontally with a knife.nPour 13 cup of the sabayon in the 2 12quart glass bowl. Cut and fit pieces of the genoise over the sabayon in a single layer. Cover with 23 cup of the reserved puree, then 1 cup of sabayon. Continue layering in the same manner, ending with sabayon.nRefrigerate for at least 6 hours before serving.nThis trifle can be made 1 to 2 days ahead., ingredients: [8 ripe firm pears, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 14 cup Riesling wine, Pinch of salt, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 8 large egg yolks, 12 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup Riesling wine, Pinch of salt, 1 14 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 recipe Vanilla Genoise recipe follows], title: Pear Riesling Trifle, picturelink: null}, 48504: {instructions: To make Meatloaf: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a large bowl, mix chopped meat, bread crumbs, eggs, bouillon broth, Parmesan, and chopped parsley. Mix well with a wooden spoon until all the ingredients are well incorporated. Form into a loaf shape and place on a sheet pan coated with nonstick vegetable spray.nPlace in oven and cook for 45 minutes, or until meatloaf has an internal temperature of 160 degrees.nTo make Tomato Gravy: In a large saucepan, heat butter over mediumhigh heat. Allow butter to foam and begin to brown. Add smashed garlic and allow garlic to brown slightly. Sprinkle in flour and stir constantly, forming a roux to cook for approximately 10 to 12 minutes until golden brown. Add chicken stock and tomato paste and cook for 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd 14 cup red wine vinegar and all tomatoes. Simmer for 30 minutes and finish with salt, pepper and oregano. Serve atop the meatloaf.nTo make Fried Onions: Heat a large, deep pot of oil to 350 degrees. Soak onions in milk for a minimum of 10 minutes. When oil is hot, drain onions and dredge in flour, making sure to remove excess flour.nPlunge onions a batch at a time there should be 3 batches into hot oil and fry until extremely golden brown and crispy. Remove from fryer and place on a paper towel to drain. Serve atop dressed meatloaf., ingredients: [5 pounds chopped meat 2 12 pounds beef, 2 12 pounds pork, 15 ounces Italian bread crumbs, 10 eggs, 1 chicken bouillon cube, dissolved in 12 cup hot water, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, Chopped parsley, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves smashed garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 14ounce cans chicken stock, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 14ounce can whole tomatoes, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 3 large Spanish onions, peeled, cut in 12, and thinly sliced, 1 quart milk, 1 pound allpurpose flour, 2 quarts canola oil], title: Meatloaf with Fried Onions and Tomato Gravy, picturelink: null}, 48505: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan and add enough cold water to cover. Season with salt and bring to a simmer cook, uncovered, until the potatoes are forktender, about 45 minutes.nDrain the potatoes. Hold with an oven mitt or kitchen towel and peel off the skins, then transfer the potatoes to a bowl.nAdd the butter and warm milk to the bowl and mash with a potato masher or fork or pass the potatoes through a ricer or food mill for a smoother mash. Season with salt and pepper.nPlan on 13 to 12 pound potatoes per person for your feast.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 pounds medium russet potatoes, Kosher salt, 12 to 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup whole milk, warmed, Freshly ground pepper], title: Perfect Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: ByH9de1BqF3gywRo58dhhNfCXnqKKcm}, 48506: {instructions: Drain soaked mushrooms and then mince. Reserve soaking liquid but strain it through a cheesecloth lined sieve. First make the cream sauce: Heat 4 tablespoons of the butter in a heavy stainless saucepan. When foaming subsides, add the flour and stir continuously with a wooden spoon. Cook for 2 minutes over low heat. Whisk in the reserved mushroom juices and heavy cream and whisk until smooth. Simmer 5 minutes or until velvety and season to taste with salt pepper and nutmeg. Reserve until later. Now make the filling: In a large skillet heat remaining 3 tablespoons of butter along with the olive oil. Add the fresh mushrooms and garlic and saute for 30 seconds. Add the minced soaked mushrooms, prosciutto and saute a moment. Add the wine and evaporate for a minute or two. Lower the heat and cook, covered until the mushrooms are tender and most of the liquid has been absorbed. Cut the pasta sheets into strips 3 to 4 inches wide and long enough to fit into your gratin or baking dish. Boil a few sheets at a time until 34 done. Drain and cool on clean cloths. To assemble: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Butter a gratin dish. Cover with a layer of lasagne. Top with 14 of cream sauce, 14 of Parmesan and 13 of mushroom mix. Continue with pasta, sauce, cheese, mushrooms for 2 more layers, finishing with a sheet of pasta. Drizzle any liquid left in mushroom pan over the top. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden., ingredients: [1ounce dried porcini mushrooms soaked in 12 cup boiling water, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter and 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 tablespoons flour, 12 cup strained reserved mushroom juices, 2 cups heavy cream, brought to just under the boil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nutmeg, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound mixed wild and domestic fresh mushrooms, stemmed and thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 8 ounces prosciutto, cut into 12inch strips, 34 cup dry white wine, 1 pound fresh pasta sheets, 1 cup Parmesan, freshly grated], title: Luxurious Lasagne, picturelink: null}, 48507: {instructions: For the guacamole: Combine the cilantro, tomatillos, garlic, avocado, jalapeno, onion, lime juice, cumin and salt in a food processor or blender and pulse until combined. Set aside 12 cup of the guacamole for the creamy tomatillo dressing, and use remaining guacamole for another recipe.nFor the charred corn salad: Preheat a grill pan over high heat. Brush or rub each ear of corn with the canola oil and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Grill the corn until it gets a nice char, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Set aside until cool enough to handle, about 5 minutes. Stand each ear stalkend down, in a wide, shallow bowl and slice the kernels off using your knife.nCombine the corn kernels, lime juice, avocado, Fresno chiles and red onions in a large bowl.nFor the creamy tomatillo dressing: Mix together the mayonnaise, 12 cup tomatillo guacamole, hot sauce, chili powder and cumin. Add to the corn salad and toss to combine.nFold in the cilantro and crumbled cotija and season with salt.nServing suggestion: Portion the salad into small cups, squeeze additional lime over the top, and serve with a spoon., ingredients: [34 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, 6 to 8 tomatillos, husked  coarsely chopped about 8 ounces, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, peeled and quartered, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and diced, 12 jalapeno, coarsely chopped with seeds, 12 onion, coarsely chopped, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 ears fresh corn, shucked, 2 tablespoons canola oil, to coat corn, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Juice from 3 limes, 1 ripe avocado, diced, 1 Fresno chile pepper, seeded and finely diced, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 34 cup crumbled cotija cheese], title: Charred Corn Salad with Creamy Tomatillo Dressing, picturelink: .EyXjHuW2KYyiAxkjWfCC5s61SPkh5y}, 48508: {instructions: Add the coconut milk, maple syrup and vanilla bean pod and seeds to a medium pot, and whisk to combine. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Cover the pot, reduce the heat to low and simmer for 5 minutes.nDissolve the arrowroot in 1 tablespoon water. Slowly drizzle it into the coconut milk mixture, whisking constantly. As soon as the mixture returns to a simmer, remove it from the heat and whisk in the vanilla extract. Transfer the mixture to a shallow bowl, remove the vanilla bean pod and set aside until the mixture stops steaming, then refrigerate until completely cool.nChurn the ice cream according to your ice cream makers instructions this will take 20 to 30 minutes. Serve immediately, or freeze in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nFor vegan mint chocolate chip ice cream: As the ice cream churns, add 14 teaspoon peppermint extract or more to taste. Once the mixture is ready, add 13 cup chopped dark chocolate, and continue churning until combined.nFor vegan strawberry ice cream: Chop 2 cups fresh strawberries, place them in a bowl and add 2 teaspoons each coconut sugar and maple syrup. Stir to combine. Set aside to macerate while the ice cream churns. You can also crush the strawberries slightly with a fork to create a chunky sauce. Once the ice cream is churned, pour in the strawberry mixture and churn until combined.nFor vegan almond butter swirl ice cream: As soon as the ice cream is churned, drizzle in 13 cup almond butter and continue churning for a few seconds to distribute., ingredients: [2 cans fullfat coconut milk, 6 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds removed and reserved, 4 teaspoons arrowroot powder, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract], title: Vegan Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: a0861fd7DM1HtSWrkoOJ57mfezzCmJi}, 48509: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, boil the tomatoes, jalapenos, oregano, and garlic salt for about 8 minutes, or until tomatoes have cooked down to a liquid. Remove from heat and let cool slightly. Transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Return sauce to pan, add chopped onion and cilantro, and stir well. Heat through and keep warm until ready to serve.nHeat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat you can use as little as 2 tablespoons oil to up to 12inch deep. Season fish with salt and pepper and then carefully place in the pan this may require adding the fish in 2 batches if your skillet is not large enough to hold all 4 fillets. Saute or panfry the fish until cooked on 1 side fish will be opaque on that side. Carefully flip fish and continue cooking until cooked on second side and cooked through in the middle the fish should be opaque in the middle. Cooking time will vary based on thickness of the fish fillets and the type of fish, but it should not take more than 3 to 5 minutes on each side. Transfer fish onto a serving platter or each of 4 dinner plates and top with the sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 tomatoes, chopped, 6 jalapeno peppers, chopped, 12 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 tablespoon garlic salt, 12 Spanish onion, chopped, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 individual fish fillets of your choice, Salt and pepper], title: Fish Vera Cruz, picturelink: null}, 48510: {instructions: Combine the flour, pepper, and paprika on a plate. Press the chicken breast into the mixture, coating them evenly all over and shaking off any excess.nIn a heavy 10inch skillet, heat the corn oil over moderately high heat for 1 minute. Add the breasts and cook about 3 minutes on each side do not overcook. Transfer the breasts to a heated platter.nAdd the chicken broth to the skillet, scraping up any browned bits on the bottom. Stir in the lemon juice and capers and heat through. Pour the sauce over the breasts., ingredients: [14 cup flour, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon paprika, 2 skinned and boned chicken breasts about 1 pound, halved and pounded to 14inch thickness, 5 teaspoons corn oil, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons capers, drained], title: Chicken Breast with Lemon and Capers, picturelink: null}, 48511: {instructions: In a blender, combine garlic and ginger. Turn on machine and slowly pour the peanut oil and process to a puree. Transfer to a bowl and add the remaining ingredients. Stir together and marinate for 1 hour. Pass mixture through medium dye in the meat grinder. Transfer to an electric standing mixer and using the paddle, on slow speed, mix until emulsified.nMake the pot stickers. Separate the wonton wrappers and brush edges with eggwash. Place a generous spoonful of the filling and seal the edges, making small folds in the rounded side, starting from the center, and folding down to each end to create a half moon shape. Continue until you have used up the filling. Refrigerate until ready to cook.nCook pot stickers in small batches in boiling, salted water. Drain. Heat a nonstick saute pan with peanut oil and sear until golden on the bottom. Remove and serve with dipping sauce.nCombine all ingredients and whisk together. Serve as dipping sauce for pot stickers.nYield: approximately 1 12 cups, ingredients: [14 cup garlic cloves, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 14 cup dried fruits apricots, cherries or raisins, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, minced, 12 bunch green onions, minced, Salt and pepper, Pinch sugar, 14 cup oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon chile paste, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 pounds pork butt, cubed, Round wonton wrappers, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, Peanut oil, for frying, Dipping sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 cup sesame oil, 2 tablespoons minced scallions or green onions, Large pinch sugar], title: Pot Stickers, picturelink: null}, 48512: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a bowl combine well the potatoes and the egg, stir in the flour thoroughly, and stir in the onion, chives, and salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a large heavy skillet, heat 18inch of the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking. Fry heaping tablespoons of the potato mixture, flattening them slightly with the back of the spoon, for 1 minute on each side, or until they are golden brown. Transfer the pancakes as they are cooked to paper towels to drain and if desired, keep them warm on a rack set on a baking sheet in a preheated 250 degree F oven. Serve the pancakes as an accompaniment to meat, poultry, or eggs., ingredients: [2 cups mashed potatoes, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 112 tablespoons grated onion, 2 tablespoons chives, Salt and pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: MashedPotato Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 48513: {instructions: In a highsided skillet over medium heat, add the canola oil. When it is hot toss in half the onion reserve other half for the online Round 2 Recipe Grilled Chicken and Apple Wraps and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Reserve 4 pieces each of squash, and zucchini for the online Round 2 Recipe Grilled Chicken and Apple Wraps. Add the remaining squash and zucchini, mushrooms, and broth and season with salt and pepper. Place the fish on the vegetables and top each piece with a sprig of thyme. Season the fish with salt and pepper, cover, and steam until the fish is cooked through, about 10 minutes.nRemove the fish to a plate and cover to keep warm. Remove the vegetables with a slotted spoon to a bowl and cover to keep warm. Turn the heat to high and let the broth bubble, add the garlic and mustard and let cook until the sauce reduces and thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. Taste and add more salt and pepper, if needed.nSpoon the vegetables onto a plate and top with a piece of fish. Pour the sauce over the fish and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon canola oil, 12 red onion, sliced, 1 medium yellow squash, sliced, 1 medium zucchini, sliced, 12 8ounce package sliced mushrooms, 1 cup chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 4ounce pieces mahi mahi, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoon spicy brown mustard], title: Steamed Mahi Mahi with Vegetables and Garlic Mustard Sauce, picturelink: pNApwXpLmn79Ys2YOmc7DQwpDOJse}, 48514: {instructions: , ingredients: [1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into very small pieces, 1 pound allpurpose flour, precisely weighed, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup water, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, for assembly, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup water, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 7 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split, 6 large egg yolks, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons corn syrup, 4 cups heavy cream, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Gateau SaintHonore, picturelink: null}, 48515: {instructions: Peel and cut 1 pineapple into 2inch cubes. Using a vegetable juicer, juice the cubed pineapple, you can also use a food processor to puree the pineapple and press it through a strainer lined with cheesecloth so that you are left with pure juice. Pour the juice into a saucepan with the cardamom. Bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, set aside, and let the cardamom infuse.nPeel the remaining pineapple and cut horizontally into 1inch round slices. Cut out the center core with a small size round cutter. Place slices of pineapple in the pineapple juice, bring to a boil, and then turn off the heat. Let cool and marinate overnight in the refrigerator.nThe following day, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove pineapple slices from the juice place on a sheet pan. Roast in the oven until tender, about 30 minutes.nTo plate, place warm pineapple in a bowl and top with a scoop of Green Tea Melon Granita.nPlace the melon in a bowl. Add the ground ginger, green tea powder, and honey. Blend with an immersion blender until smooth. Pour into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and strain into a shallow 9 by 13inch metal pan or dish.nStir in the lime juice, let cool, and then freeze overnight.nThe following day, remove the granita from the freezer, scrape with a fork to make the granita, and return to freezer until ready to serve.nYield: 6 servings, ingredients: [2 pineapples, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, Green Tea Melon Granita, recipe follows, 2 Galia melons, peeled and cubed, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 tablespoon green tea powder, 14 cup honey, 14 cup fresh lime juice], title: Roasted Pineapple with Green Tea and Melon Granita, picturelink: null}, 48516: {instructions: Special equipment: Mont Blanc nozzle for piping bagnFor the meringues: Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F. Whip the egg whites and salt until soft peaks form, and then add the vanilla and continue beating to form stiff peaks. Stir the cream of tartar into the regular sugar and slowly add to the egg whites, while beating, until the meringue is stiff and the sugar has dissolved.nSift together the icing sugar and cornstarch over the meringue batter, gently folding until fully blended. Transfer the batter to a piping bag fitted with a standard nozzle. Pipe the meringue into 6 peaks on a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Bake for 1 hour to 1 hour 30 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet.nFor assembling: Place a small amount of whipped cream at the bottom of each tart shell, and then place a meringue on top. Top each meringue with a dribble of rosehip jam and a touch of whipped cream. Transfer the chestnut cream to a piping bag fitted with the Mont Blanc nozzle and pipe it on top of the meringues to cover them well. Top with a dollop of whipped cream and a few candied chestnuts.nRefrigerate until 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Chantilly whipped cream, for serving, 2 egg whites, room temperature, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup icing sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 6 precooked mini tart shells, Rosehip jam, for serving, 3 12 ounces sweet chestnut cream creme de marrons, for serving, Candied chestnuts, for serving], title: Mont Blancs, picturelink: null}, 48517: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl combine the masa harina with 12 cup of water mixing by hand to form a paste. In medium saucepan add the paste and the remaining 3 cups of water. Bring to boil stirring constantly. Cook slowly for 20 minutes, the mixture will thicken. While this mixture is simmering, in another saucepan add the milk and bring to a boil. Add the chocolate and cook for about 10 minutes until the chocolate has completely dissolved. Pour the chocolate into the masa harina mixture stirring until well incorporated. With a milinillo or an eggbeater, whisk until a foam forms on top, about 3 minutes. Serve in a large bowl spooning some of the foam on top., ingredients: [14 cup masa harina, 3 12 cups cold water, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 cups of milk, 1 3ounce tablet sweetened Mexican chocolate, flavored with cinnamon], title: Thick Hot Chocolate: Champurrado, picturelink: null}, 48518: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin pans with paper liners.nMake the cupcakes: Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl set aside. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until creamy, 2 inutes. Add the mashed bananas, eggs and vanilla beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture in three batches, alternating with the sour cream, mixing well after each addition.nFill the muffin cups about halfway with batter add 1 teaspoon Nutella to the center of each, then top with more batter so the cups are about threequarters full. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out with no raw batter, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 3 minutes in the pans, then carefully remove the cupcakes to a rack to cool completely.nMake the frosting: Beat the butter in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until creamy, about 5 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually beat in the confectioners sugar until combined. Add the peanut butter and vanilla and beat until combined. Transfer the frosting to a pastry bag and pipe on the cupcakes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup mashed bananas 2 to 3 bananas, 3 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup sour cream, 12 cup Nutella, 4 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 5 cups confectioners sugar, 13 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: BananaNutella Cupcakes with Peanut Butter Frosting, picturelink: OOUasgmgU.eeRaqaleKlr8bqQL0S8YO}, 48519: {instructions: Make the balsamic glaze: Bring the vinegar to a simmer in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Simmer until syrupy and reduced to about 12 cup, 8 to 10 minutes keep warm or at room temperature.nMake the fries: Heat the oil in a heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven over medium heat until a deepfryer thermometer registers 220 degrees F. Working in batches, add the potatoes and fry until slightly colored but still pale, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet using a large slotted spoon let cool.nIncrease the heat to bring the oil temperature to 350 degrees F. Working in batches, return the fries to the hot oil and fry until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined baking sheet using a large slotted spoon. Season immediately with salt and pepper.nPreheat the broiler. Transfer the fries to a heatproof platter or baking sheet. Sprinkle with the cheese and broil until it melts, about 2 minutes. Drizzle with some of the balsamic glaze and sprinkle with the red pepper flakes. Photograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [2 cups balsamic vinegar, 8 cups canola oil, peanut oil or liquid shortening, for frying, 3 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into fries, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 ounces gouda cheese, shredded about 4 cups, Pinch of red pepper flakes], title: Alley Fries With Balsamic Glaze, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 48520: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, add the cherries and the spiced rum. In another bowl add the pineapple and the 34 cup of rum. Cover and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, add 1 34 sticks butter and the sugar and cream together until pale yellow, about 2 minutes. Stir in the eggs 1 at a time. Add the vanilla extract and set aside.nIn a separate bowl, combine the flour, salt, and baking powder. Add the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and stir until a smooth batter forms.nIn a 10inch cast iron skillet, over medium heat, add the remaining 14 stick butter and heat until the butter has just melted. Add the brown sugar and using a slotted spoon, add the pineapple pieces, reserving the rum. Saute until they begin to caramelize, about 4 minutes. Add the cherries and the rum they soaked in. Remove the skillet from the heat and light the rum with a long kitchen match. When the flames subside, return the pan to the heat and cook until most of the alcohol has evaporated. Remove the skillet from the heat and set aside to cool 6 to 10 minutes before adding the batter. Remove half the fruit back into the reserved rum for garnishing later.nAdd the batter to the skillet and put in the oven. Bake for 30 to 45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool for about 5 minutes before unmolding. To unmold, run a small knife around the edge of the cake, take a large serving plate and put it over the cast iron skillet. Carefully flip over and let sit for a couple of minutes until it releases from the skillet.nPut the creme fraiche in a small bowl and stir in the zests. Cut the cake into wedges and serve with a dollop of creme fraiche and the reserved fruit., ingredients: [1 12ounce package frozen pitted cherries, thawed, 34 cup spiced rum, 12 pineapple, peeled, cored, quartered and cut into 14inch thick pieces, 34 cup rum, 2 sticks butter, room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 5 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 pint creme fraiche, 1 lime, zested, 1 orange, zested], title: Rum Pineapple UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: 2RLOd2yx6meqBgTSgOlaypNybgsqS4m}, 48521: {instructions: Soak the onion in cold water for 15 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.nOn a clean work surface, mash the garlic and salt with a flattened cooks knife to a paste. Transfer the paste to the bowl with the onion.nUsing a knife cut the avocados in half, rotating around the seeds. Remove the seeds and discard. Using the knife, carefully make several slashes in the avocado flesh. Using a spoon, scoop the avocado flesh into the bowl with the onion and garlic. Repeat with the remaining avocados.nAdd the coriander, tomato, and jalapeno to taste to the avocados. Using a rubber spatula or large fork, mix until just combined, keeping the guacamole chunky. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 small yellow or14 red onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 ripe Hass avocados, 2 to 4 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh coriander cilantro, 1 ripe plum tomato, cored and diced, 12 to 1 jalapeno with seeds, minced], title: Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 48522: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 3inch round cookie cutter or a clean 3inch diameter can with the top removednPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a large baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Unfold 1sheet of puff pastry on lightly floured surface. Using a 3inch cookie cutter or a 3inch diameter can with the top removed, cut out 9 circles of dough. Repeat with the remaining puff pastry sheet. Put a scant teaspoon of cajeta in center of each round. Top each with a sprinkling of grated cheese and 3 or 4 pieces of pineapple. Brush the edge of each circle with the egg mixture and enclose each empanada into a half moon. Crimp the edges with fork. Transfer to prepared baking sheet and brush each empanada with the egg mixture. Crimp edges with fork.Transfer the empanadas to the prepared baking sheet and brush them with the egg mixture. Sprinkle with demarara sugar and bake until golden brown, about 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer the empanadas to a serving platter and serve warm., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, One 1pound package frozen puff pastry, thawed, 13 cup cajeta or thick caramel sauce, 12 cup finely grated Monterrey jack cheese, 14 cup pineapple, peeled and diced into 12inch cubes about 1 cup, 2 eggs, beaten and blended with 1 tablespoon water, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 tablespoons demarara or light brown sugar], title: Sweet and Easy Pineapple Empanadas, picturelink: SaYyNYaMbVdqfKvoQI9pqnfoPKjuPRy}, 48523: {instructions: Special equipment: One 12inch round pizza pannPlace the flour and salt in a 2quart mixing bowl and stir well to mix make a well in the center.nMeasure the water and pour it into a small bowl. Sprinkle the yeast on the surface of the water and leave it to soften 3 or 4 minutes. Whisk the yeast and water together then whisk in 1 tablespoon of the oil.nPour the liquid mixture to the well into the flour and stir with a rubber spatula to form a soft, sticky dough. Turn the dough out on a floured work surface. Knead the dough gently, folding it over on itself, and scraping it off the surface with a spatula or plastic scraper if it is very sticky. Avoid adding more flour to the dough  that will produce a tough pizza. Knead for about 5 minutes, until the dough is smooth and no longer so sticky.nRinse and dry the bowl. Spread 1 tablespoon oil all around the inside of the bowl. Form the dough into a ball and place in the bowl. Turn the ball upside down, so that the top surface of the dough is oiled, and cover the bowl with plastic wrap. Allow dough to rise at room temperature about 1 hour, or until doubled in bulk. For advance preparation, cover and refrigerate the dough several hours or even overnight.nTo form the pizza crust, generously flour the work surface. Flour your hand and scrape the dough from the bowl in one piece, without stretching or folding it. Place the dough on the floured work surface so that what was on top in the bowl is now underneath.nScatter a tablespoon or so of flour over the dough and press down on it with the palm of the hand. Be careful to keep the dough an even disk shape. If the dough is freshly made, it may resist slightly. Should that happen, cover it with plastic wrap and allow it to rest for about 5 minutes, then resume the process. If the dough has been rested for a long time either in the refrigerator or at room temperature, it will respond easily.nForm your right hand into a fist and begin to press the dough in a circle, about 12inch in from the edge of the dough, with the middle joints of your fingers as though knocking on a door. Pull gently with your other hand on the edge of the dough, opposite where the dough is being pressed. Continue around the crust two or three times in this manner to flatten and widen it. For a rectangular crust, press and pull the dough into a rectangular shape  use a rolling pin of the dough resists. Pour the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil onto a round or rectangular pizza pan and spread it with the palm of one hand. Fold the crust in half and transfer it to the oiled pan. Unfold the dough and press it into place in the pan with the palms of both hands, gently stretching from the center outward. If the dough resists, cover with plastic wrap and allow it to rest for about 5 minutes, then resume the process.nWhen the dough is properly stretched, it should be about 18inch thick and have a 12inch wide border which is slightly thicker.nSet racks at the lowest and highest levels of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees.nTop the pizza with any of the suggestions that follow the recipe. Bake the pizza on the bottom rack of the oven for about 30 minutes. After about 10 minutes, lift an end of the pizza with a metal spatula to check that the bottom is not burning. If the bottom is coloring too quickly, slide another pan under the first one. If the bottom is light golden, check again after another 10 minutes. When the pizza is done, the top should be sizzling gently, and the bottom a dark brown. If the top has not colored sufficiently when the bottom is done, place pizza on top rack of the oven for an additional 5 minutesnPizza Margherita: This pizza was invented in 1889 by Neapolitan pizzaiolo Raffaele Esposito and named for Queen Margherita of Italy. The pizza echoes the colors of the flag of the newly united Italy: red tomatoes, white mozzarella, and green basil. It is perfect in summer when fresh perfectly ripe tomatoes and basil are in season. If you use fresh tomatoes, you will need about 1 pound, perfectly ripe, either round or plum. Plunge them into boiling water for half a minute, remove and peel them. Halve the tomatoes and squeeze out the seeds, then chop and drain the pulp. Sprinkle 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh basil on the dough before adding the tomatoes and 2 tablespoons oil. Sprinkle the pizza with 23 cup shredded mozzarella. Variations: Pizza Nuda: This is really a focaccia, but it is made with the crust for Pizza Napoletana. Bake the pizza crust with a drizzle of oil and a sprinkling of coarse salt. The result will be thin and delicate, somewhat like a flour tortilla in flavor and texture. More Pizza Toppings: Though I am partial to a typically Italian tomato and mozzarella pizza topping, there are many alternatives. The following should inspire you on to create your own favorite pizzas, either the thick or thincrusted variety. Remember though: too much of any topping makes for a wet and soggy pizza, no matter how long it is baked. For numbers 4 and 5, spread the toppings on the completely baked or grilled crust. 1: 2 cups coarsely grated assorted cheeses, such as Gruyere, Fontina, Gorgonzola or Roquefort crumbled, and Parmesan, plus a drizzle of 2 tablespoons olive oil. 2: 2 cups roasted peppers cut into thin strips, plus a drizzle of 2 tablespoons olive oil, a peeled and thinly sliced clove of garlic, and a sprinkling of 1 or 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan. 3: Substitute 1 cup of crumbled mild goat cheese for the Parmesan with the roasted peppers, above. 4: Spread the crust with 1 cup ricotta seasoned with salt, pepper and a teaspoon of crumbled dried oregano. Top with 4 ounces shredded prosciutto. 5: Top the completely baked crust with thinly sliced smoked salmon. Cover with dabs of creme fraiche, ground pepper, chopped onion, and capers. Tips: 1. Make and partially bake several crusts. Wrap well and freeze then grill as needed. The crusts dont even need to be defrosted before grilling. 2. Make pizza dough the day before and store tightly covered in the refrigerator. The chilled dough will stretch or roll out even more easily. 3. For a pizza party, make a number of crusts in advance, then prepare bowls of toppings so guests can create their own topping combinations.nStorage: Serve immediately. If the pizza has to wait, the crust may become soggy and reheating may make it hard rather than crisp. Hints for Success: Be sure that the oven has preheated sufficiently before putting in the pizza. A pizza with an underdone crust is very unappetizingnVARIATION: GRILLED PIZZA: Grilled pizza is one of the most popular items at Al Forno, Johanne Killeen and George Germons charming restaurant in Providence, Rhode Island. In their book Cucina Simpatica, HarperCollins, 1991 they give detailed instructions for preparing pizza their way. My method is simplified using a partially baked pizza crust on a covered charcoal or gas grill. To grill any of the thick or thincrusted pizzas in this chapter, allow the dough to rise in the pan and bake it on the middle rack of a preheated 450 degree oven, without the toppings, for about 10 minutes, until the dough is set and no longer sticky. Brush oil on the surface of the dough and immediately turn it out of the pan onto a preheated grill. Cook 2 to 3 minutes, or until well colored. Turn dough back over on grill and quickly place toppings on alreadygrilled side. Cover with a tent of foil or the lid of the grill and cook 5 minutes longer. Serve immediately, ingredients: [1 12 cups unbleached, allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup warm 110 degree tap water, 2 teaspoons active dry yeast, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups chopped, welldrained canned tomatoes, 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan or Pecorino Romano, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: ThinCrusted Pizza, picturelink: null}, 48524: {instructions: Line a 9by13inch baking dish with 2 pieces of foil.nPut the chicken in a large pan, season with salt and pepper and cover with water. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 45 minutes. Remove the chicken and let cool, then shred the meat, discarding the skin and bones. Save the broth for cooking the spaghetti.nRemove the sausage from the casings and put into a large skillet with the olive oil. Cook over medium heat, breaking up the sausage meat into small pieces, until it is no longer pink, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. Add the mushrooms to the skillet. When they give up their liquid, add the green peppers and sundried tomatoes, then cook until just beginning to soften, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and set aside on top of the sausage. Reserve the oil in the skillet.nBring the reserved chicken broth back to a boil. Cook the spaghetti in the broth until al dente according to the package instructions, then drain, reserving the broth.nIf there is less than 2 tablespoons oilfat in the skillet, add some olive oil to make 2 tablespoons. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute over medium heat. Whisk in 1 12 cups of the reserved chicken broth. When it starts to thicken, after about 5 minutes, add the halfandhalf. If it is too thick, thin with some more broth. Turn off the heat and add the basil and 12 cup of the Parmesan season with salt and pepper to taste. Stir in the chicken, sausage and vegetables. Stir in the spaghetti.nPour the mixture into the prepared baking dish, sprinkle the remaining 14 cup Parmesan on top and cover with aluminum foil. Cook the casserole immediately, or let cool completely, then freeze.nIf cooking right away, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cook for 25 minutes, then uncover the baking dish and cook until heated through, an additional 20 minutes.nTo cook from frozen: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCook the frozen casserole for 2 hours, then raise the temperature to 375 degrees F, uncover and cook until heated through, 15 minutes more.nServe with salad and French bread., ingredients: [6 bonein, skinon chicken thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 hot Italian sausages, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more if needed, 10 ounces button mushrooms, sliced, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 8 sundried tomato halves, chopped, 1 pound spaghetti, broken into small pieces, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 34 cup grated Parmesan, Serving suggestions: salad and French bread], title: Spicy Chicken Spaghetti, picturelink: zEN1pIKxIlkPP0igyZkR2Ro33bmmu2}, 48525: {instructions: Slice tomato in half and squeeze seeds into a bowl. Dice tomato into pieces. Transfer to medium bowl. Chop avocado and combine with tomato. Pour in lemon juice. Add onion. Season with salt and pepper. Serve., ingredients: [2 tomatoes, cored, 1 avocado, peeled and pitted, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 red onion, sliced, Salt and pepper], title: Tomato and Avocado Salad, picturelink: null}, 48526: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out each sheet of puff pastry on a lightly floured board until it is 10 by 12inches. Beat the egg with 1 tablespoon of water and brush the surface of the pastry. Sprinkle each sheet evenly with 1u00bf4 cup of the Parmesan, 1u00bf2 cup of the Gruyu00e8re, 1u00bf2 teaspoon of the thyme, 1u00bf2 teaspoon of the salt, and some pepper. With the rolling pin, lightly press the flavorings into the puff pastry. Cut each sheet crosswise with a floured knife or pizza wheel into 11 or 12 strips. Twist each strip and lay on baking sheets lined with parchment paper.nBake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until lightly browned and puffed. Turn each straw and bake for another 2 minutes. Dont over bake or the cheese will burn. Cool and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 sheets 1 box frozen puff pastry such as Pepperidge Farm, defrosted overnight in the refrigerator, Flour, for dusting, 1 extralarge egg, 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup finely grated Gruyu00e8re cheese, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cheese Straws, picturelink: WAKKHiYgY0ftUl3HaBsOlBHqg89uURO}, 48527: {instructions: Put 1 34 cups lukewarm water 105 degrees F to 110 degrees F, the yeast, 12 cup olive oil and 1 tablespoon each turbinado sugar and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment. Mix on medium speed until the yeast and sugar dissolve, then let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Add both flours and mix on medium speed to make a smooth but sticky dough, about 4 minutes.nPoke the butter pieces into the dough, spacing them evenly apart. Do not mix. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until doubled in size, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nMix the dough with the dough hook on low speed just until there are streaks of butter throughout, about 1 minute. Put the grapes and raisins in a microwavesafe bowl, cover loosely and microwave until juicy, about 10 minutes. Let cool, then strain through a sieve, discarding the liquid.nBrush a rimmed baking sheet with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Divide the dough in half and transfer one piece to the baking sheet, leaving the other in the bowl. Cover both pieces of dough loosely with parchment paper set aside until plump and airy, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, put a pizza stone or inverted rimmed baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSpread the dough on the baking sheet so it fills the pan, dimpling it with your fingertips. Scatter half of the graperaisin mixture evenly on top. Put the remaining piece of dough on top and stretch and pat it to cover the bottom piece of dough. Dont worry if the dough tears. Scatter the walnuts and the remaining graperaisin mixture on top dimple the dough all over with your fingertips, poking the topping into the dough. Cover loosely with parchment and set aside until the dough rises above the sides of the baking sheet by about 12 inch, 35 to 40 minutes.nMix the remaining 14 cup sugar, the coriander, rosemary, the remaining 34 teaspoon salt and the pepper sprinkle over the dough. Place the baking sheet on the hot stone and bake 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F and bake until the focaccia is golden and springs back when pressed, 20 to 30 more minutes. Brush with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil let cool in the pan 15 minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool slightly or let cool completely and freeze.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 34 cups lukewarm water, 2 14ounce packets active dry yeast 1 12 tablespoons, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon turbinado sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 14 cups bread flour, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 12 pieces, 2 cups about 1 pound seedless red grapes, 23 cup raisins, 1 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, cracked with a heavy pan, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper], title: Harvest Focaccia, picturelink: 5SNZEZmAsJv3f3wTJe9t7TQulKZoa.}, 48528: {instructions: In a medium skillet over moderate heat, saute mushrooms, chopped onions, and garlic in oil until mushrooms give off their juices and darken and onions are tender, about 7 or 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper the salt will help draw water out of the vegetables as they cook.nAdd dry chopped spinach to the pan and heat through for 1 minute. Adjust seasonings with salt, pepper, and a little nutmeg. Add ricotta and stir into mixture to heat cheese through, 1 minute longer. Remove pan from heat but leave in the warm skillet.nHeat broth in a small pan over moderate heat. Melt Gorgonzola into broth and bring liquid to a bubble. Stir in cream and thicken sauce 2 minutes.nPlace cooked lasagna noodles on a large work surface or cutting board. Spread lasagna noodles with a layer of spinachmushroom filling. Roll up pasta and arrange the 8 bundles in a shallow casserole dish. Pour warm sauce over rollups and top with mozzarella. Place casserole under broiler to melt cheese. Serve with Steamed Asparagus and Broiled Tomatoes.nWhile you boil your lasagna noodles, place fresh asparagus tips in a small colander over the boiling water in the pasta pot. Place a lid on the colander and steam asparagus while you are cooking your pasta for 4 minutes or until tips are just tender.nSplit 4 vineripe tomatoes across the center and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil, salt, and pepper. Broil tomatoes.nServe along side your completed casserole. Top with any fresh herb you have on hand: basil, thyme, or rosemary., ingredients: [16 cremini caps, cleaned with a damp towel and finely chopped in food processor, 1 small yellowskinned onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan extravirgin olive oil, One 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and squeezed dry, Salt and pepper, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg or the equivalent of freshly grated, 2 cups part skim ricotta, 8 curly edge lasagna noodles, cooked to al dente 12 to 14 minutes, 1 cup fat free chicken broth, 8 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled, 12 cup 3 turns around the pan heavy cream, 1 to 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella, Steamed Asparagus Tips, recipe follows, Broiled Tomatoes, recipe follows, 2 small or 1 large bundle asparagus, 4 vineripe tomatoes, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Spinach and Mushroom Lasagna Rollups with Gorgonzola Cream Sauce, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 48529: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the bay leaves and paprika and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add the onion, bell pepper, tomatoes, garlic and 2 tablespoons of the cilantro season with salt and pepper. Cover and cook until the vegetables are softened, about 10 minutes.nAdd 1 cup water and reduce the heat to medium low. Season the fish with salt and pepper, then nestle the pieces among the vegetables in the pan. Cover and simmer until the fish is just cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes.nDivide the stew among bowls. Drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons cilantro. Serve with the bread.nPer serving: Calories 354 Fat 15 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 140 mg Sodium 276 mg Carbohydrate 17 g Fiber 2 g Protein 34 gn, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons paprika smoked or sweet, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 1 small green bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds skinless striped bass, cut into 2inch chunks, 4 slices crusty bread, toasted], title: PortugueseStyle Fish Stew, picturelink: null}, 48530: {instructions: Heat 4 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring often, until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and cook, stirring often, until all the liquid has evaporated. Add the thyme and the sherry. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and cook until the mixture is almost dry. Remove the skillet from the heat. Transfer to medium bowl, cool slightly, stir in the sour cream, and season with salt, pepper, and paprika, to taste.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the remaining 4 tablespoons of butter. Roll out bread between two pieces of waxed paper with a rolling pin until very thin. Brush bread on both sides with melted butter. Place 1 teaspoon of the filling in the center of each sliced. Fold making a triangle shape, trim edges. Press with your fingers to tightly seal. Brush the tops and bottoms with melted butter. Brush egg wash over tops of turnovers, sprinkle with paprika. At this point, the turnovers can be placed in a zippered plastic freezer bag and frozen for future use. Place on parchment lined baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes 20 to 25 minutes if taken out of the freezer. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 4 tablespoons, 2 medium shallots, minced, 10 ounces cultivated white mushrooms, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, or 1 teaspoon dried, 14 cup dry sherry, 14 cup sour cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, for making egg wash, Paprika, 16 slices very fresh thinlysliced homestyle bread, crusts removed], title: Mushroom Turnovers, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 48531: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. In a pot of boiling salted water cook the egg noodles until they are al dente. Drain, refresh under cold water and drain again. Transfer to a large bowl.nIn a bowl whisk together the egg yolks, butter, all but 2 tablespoons of the sugar, the sour cream and the vanilla.nIn a bowl with an electric mixer beat the whites until they form soft peaks. Add the remaining sugar and beat to firm peaks. Fold the whites into the yolk mixture and fold into the noodles In a buttered shallow baking dish layer the noodles, walnuts, jam and raisins and apricots. Sprinkle with the bread crumbs and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until lightly golden., ingredients: [1 pound wide egg noodles, 4 large eggs, separated, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 13 cup diced raisins, 13 cup diced apricots, Cinnamon, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 23 cup apricot preserves], title: Pecan and Dried Fruit Noodle Pudding, picturelink: null}, 48532: {instructions: For the original margarita:nRatio for any volume of margarita: 3:2:1  3 parts tequila: 2 parts Triple Sec, 1 part lime juice. Place whichever amount you choose, depending upon your guests, into a large pitcher.nFor the simple syrup:nSimmer water and sugar over high heat until the sugar has completely dissolved then chill.nFor the lime salt:nCombine the salt and lime zest with a mortar and pestle. Set in a plate to dip your glass in.nFor the margarita bar:nHave buckets if ice and shakers set up around the margarita pitchers.nFill glasses with ice, original margarita and flavor profiles, if desired.nDip the rims of the glasses into the simple syrup then into the limesalt so the salt sticks to the rim of the glass.nPour the mixed drink into your salted glass and enjoy.nFor the original margarita:nRatio for any volume of margarita: 3:2:1  3 parts tequila: 2 parts Triple Sec, 1 part lime juice. Place whichever amount you choose, depending upon your guests, into a large pitcher.nFor the simple syrup:nSimmer water and sugar over high heat until the sugar has completely dissolved then chill.nFor the lime salt:nCombine the salt and lime zest with a mortar and pestle. Set in a plate to dip your glass in.nFor the margarita bar:nHave buckets if ice and shakers set up around the margarita pitchers.nFill glasses with ice, original margarita and flavor profiles, if desired.nDip the rims of the glasses into the simple syrup then into the limesalt so the salt sticks to the rim of the glass.nPour the mixed drink into your salted glass and enjoy.nIn a blender, combine fresh pineapple chunks with seeded jalapeno and simple syrup together until you have a nice yellow puree. Add, to taste, to original margarita.nIn a blender, combine fresh pineapple chunks with seeded jalapeno and simple syrup together until you have a nice yellow puree. Add, to taste, to original margarita.nPuree strawberries in a blender with simple syrup until you have a bright pink puree. Add, to taste, to original margarita.nPuree strawberries in a blender with simple syrup until you have a bright pink puree. Add, to taste, to original margarita.nSimmer simple syrup with ginger slices and finish with fresh lime juice then cool and set in refrigerator overnight to infuse ginger flavor. Add slices of fresh lime just before serving. Add, to taste, to original margarita.nSimmer simple syrup with ginger slices and finish with fresh lime juice then cool and set in refrigerator overnight to infuse ginger flavor. Add slices of fresh lime just before serving. Add, to taste, to original margarita., ingredients: [Ice cubes, Ice cubes, 3 parts white tequila, 2 parts Triple Sec, 1 part fresh lime juice, 3 parts white tequila, 2 parts Triple Sec, 1 part fresh lime juice, 1 part water, 1 part sugar, 1 part water, 1 part sugar, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 limes, zested, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 limes, zested, Original margarita, in pitchers, Buckets of ice and shakers, PineappleJalapeno base for margarita, recipe follows, Strawberry base for margarita, recipe follows, LimeGinger base for margarita, recipe follows, Simple syrup, poured on a plate to dip glass in, Lime salt, Original margarita, in pitchers, Buckets of ice and shakers, PineappleJalapeno base for margarita, recipe follows, Strawberry base for margarita, recipe follows, LimeGinger base for margarita, recipe follows, Simple syrup, poured on a plate to dip glass in, Lime salt, 2 cups chopped fresh pineapple, 12 fresh seeded jalapeno, 2 cups simple syrup, 2 cups chopped fresh pineapple, 12 fresh seeded jalapeno, 2 cups simple syrup, 2 cups fresh strawberries, hulled, 2 cups simple syrup, 2 cups fresh strawberries, hulled, 2 cups simple syrup, 2 cups simple syrup, 2 limes, 6 slices fresh ginger, 2 cups simple syrup, 2 limes, 6 slices fresh ginger], title: Margarita Bar, picturelink: null}, 48533: {instructions: Lay the zucchini, carrot and radish out on a rimmed baking sheet, cover with the onions, sprinkle with the zest and juice and black pepper, and drizzle with olive oil. Let marinate at room temperature for 2 hours.nCrack the eggs into a medium glass bowl, and beat them until they turn pale yellow. Heat a heavybottomed nonstick saute pan over mediumlow heat add the butter, and let it melt. Sprinkle the eggs with some salt and white pepper, then grab your whisk and whisk like crazy. When the butter in the pan is hot enough to make a drop of water hiss, pour in the eggs. Let the eggs cook for up to a minutedont stiror until the bottom starts to set.nWith a heatresistant rubber spatula, gently push 1 edge of the eggs into the center of the pan while tilting the pan to allow the stillliquid eggs to flow in underneath. Repeat with the other edges until theres no liquid left. Your eggs should now resemble a bright yellow pancake, which should easily slide around on the nonstick surface. If it sticks at all, loosen it with your spatula.nGently flip the egg pancake over, using your spatula to ease it over if necessary. Cook for another few seconds, or until there is no uncooked egg left. With your spatula, lift 1 edge of the egg and fold it across and over, so the edges line up dont overcook or allow the egg to turn brown. If necessary, you can flip the entire omelet over to cook the top for 30 seconds or so. Just dont let it get brown.nGently transfer the finished omelet to a plate. Serve with the marinated vegetables, and top with pickled vegetables., ingredients: [1 green zucchini, sliced lengthwise, 1 carrot, sliced lengthwise, 1 radish, sliced, 2 onions, thinly shaved, Zest and juice of 4 lemons, Olive oil, for drizzling, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, Salt, White pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, Pickled vegetables of your choosing, for garnish], title: ThreeEgg Omelet, picturelink: FovPIJhDCyIWsc7pbgVFIP4SEq2bC26}, 48534: {instructions: For the tart crust: In a large bowl combine the flour and salt. Cut the chilled butter into 1inh pieces. Using a pastry cutter or a fork, cut the butter into the flour. Cut together until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the ice water 1 tablespoon at a time, and mix very gently, just until the mixture can be formed into a ball. Do not overwork the dough. Press the ball into a flat disk. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Roll the dough out to 18 inch thick and place into a tart pan. Trim the edges. Cover the crust loosely with parchment paper and weight with pie weights or dried beans. Blind bake the pie crust for 15 to 20 minutes, or until golden brown. Let cool completely.nFor the Fool: In a saucepan, combine the rhubarb, sugar and lemon juice. Cook over medium heat until the rhubarb is very soft, about 15 minutes. Remove the mixture from the heat. Puree the mixture in a food processor. Refrigerate until cold. Fold the puree into the whipped cream. Refrigerate for several hours. 1 hour before serving, spoon the fool into the prepared tart crust. Place the blackberries on top of the tart., ingredients: [1 13 cup all purpose flour, Salt, 12 cup chilled butter 1 stick, 4 tablespoons ice water, 2 cups rhubarb, cleaned and sliced into 1inch pieces, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 12 cups whipped cream, 1 pint blackberries], title: Blackberry Rhubarb Fool Tart, picturelink: null}, 48535: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch baking dish. Line the dish with parchment paper, letting paper hang over the sides of the dish for easy removal of the brownies.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, allspice and nutmeg. In a large bowl, whisk together the brown sugar, melted butter, molasses, sour cream and eggs. Slowly stir in the flour mixture a little at a time, stirring just until no lumps or streaks remain. Pour the batter into the prepared baking dish.nBake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the gingerbread comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Allow the gingerbread to cool in the pan 5 to 10 minutes, then remove by lifting both sides of the parchment paper. Place on a wire rack to cool completely.nOnce cool, spread with the Cream Cheese Frosting. Store in an airtight container for up 5 days. Cut into squares and serve, or give as gifts.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the cream cheese and butter and beat until light and fluffy. Beat in the vanilla and salt. Beat in the confectioners sugar a little at a time, beating until fully incorporated. Use immediately, or refrigerate up to 5 days., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus softened, for greasing pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs, Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Gingerbread Squares with Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: null}, 48536: {instructions: In a small bowl, stir together the confectioners sugar and enough water, 3 to 4 drops, to form a thick paste reserve. Cut the licorice strings in half. Stick 4 halves into the cream on each side of the cookie to form the legs. Using the confectioners sugar paste as glue, adhere 2 cinnamon candies on the top of the cookies to form the eyes. Eatif you dare, ingredients: [2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, Few drops of water, 48 thin black licorice strings, each 6 inches long, 12 chocolate cream sandwiches, 24 small red cinnamon candies, such as RedHots], title: Sweetie Spiders, picturelink: null}, 48537: {instructions: To make the green goddess dressing: Simply puree the ingredients together in a blender, until light green and creamy. Cover and stick the dressing in the fridge to allow the flavors to come together.nTo prepare the softshell crabs: Pour the buttermilk in a shallow bowl large enough to hold all the crabs. Season the buttermilk with crab boil seasoning, salt, and pepper. Lay the crabs in the buttermilk mixture and marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for 1 hour soaking the crabs in buttermilk helps plump them up when cooked. Remove the crabs from the milk bath and let the excess drip off.nPour 2 inches of oil in a heavy frying pan or large pot and heat to 350 degrees F.nPut the flour in a pie dish or plate and season with a fair amount of salt and pepper. Dredge the crabs in the seasoned flour to coat, shaking off the excess. Lay the crabs in the hot oil in a single layer without crowding you may have to fry them in batches. Be careful, the crabs have a tendency to pop and spatter. Cook the crabs for about 3 minutes on each side, turning once, until golden brown. Drain on paper towels.nTo assemble the salad: combine the watercress, lettuce, and onion slices in a mixing bowl. Pour in 12 cup of the green goddess dressing, tossing to coat. Arrange the salad on a serving platter, put the fried crabs on top, and grate the hard boiled egg over the whole thing. Garnish with lemon wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 3 anchovy fillets, 1 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups buttermilk, 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 medium softshell crabs, cleaned and rinsed, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 bunches watercress, trimmed, 1 head bibb lettuce, trimmed and hand torn, 12 red onion, sliced, 1 hard boiled egg, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: SoftShell Crab Salad with Green Goddess Dressing, picturelink: lKMgv.SswtKZegu0t7WpW6ZF0y9icZW}, 48538: {instructions: Preheat oven 400 degrees F.nPreheat a grill pan or outdoor grill on high. With a sharp knife, cut the thawed but chilled puff pastry sheet in to 4 squares and arrange on a cookie sheet and sprinkle with a little salt and pepper.nCook the puff pastry according to package directions, or until golden brown all over, about 12 to 15 minutes.nWhile the puff pastry is cooking, season the skirt steak with extravirgin olive oil, garlic, rosemary, salt and pepper. Grill meat 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove meat and let it rest 5 minutes to allow juices to redistribute.nWhile the steak is cooking, trim the woody ends off a small bunch of asparagus. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. As soon as the steak is off the grill and resting, add the asparagus to the grill.nGrill the spears turning frequently until the asparagus is tender, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the asparagus from the grill and cut into large 2inch pieces.nIn a bowl, toss together the grilled chopped asparagus, crumbled blue cheese, and chopped arugula. Season the mixture with balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper.nSlice the rested steak thinly across the grain. Top each golden brown puff pastry square with some steak slices. Top the steak with the asparagus salad and serve., ingredients: [1 sheet puff pastry, defrosted, kept chilled recommended brand: Pepperidge Farm puff pastry sheets, 1 box comes with 2 sheets 9 12 by 9 12 inches, Salt and pepper, 1 12 to 2 pounds beef skirt steaks, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 springs rosemary, leaves removed and finely chopped, 1 small bunch thin asparagus, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 1 large bunch arugula, trimmed of stems, cleaned and roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, eyeball it], title: Steak Sandwich...Knife and Fork Required, picturelink: null}, 48539: {instructions: Heat a well cleaned grill to 350 degrees F.nFor the fruit: Combine all ingredients except butter in a nonreactive bowl and toss to coat. Turn into an 8 by 8inch disposable aluminum cake pan and dot with butter set aside.nFor the biscuits:nCombine flour, 1 tablespoon of the sugar, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl and mix until evenly combined. Grate the butter into the bowl and toss to coat in flour mixture.nAdd 14 cup of the cream and almond extract and mix to moisten thoroughly. Knead until dough just comes together and is smooth. Divide into 8 pieces and place on top of fruit. Brush biscuits with remaining 1 tablespoon of the heavy cream, sprinkle remaining 1 tablespoon of the sugar on top, and scatter with almonds. Place on the grill, close cover, and grill until fruit is bubbling and biscuits are risen and golden brown, about 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [6 cups blueberries about 2 pounds, 23 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons freshlysqueezed orange juice, 2 teaspoons almond extract, 2 teaspoons orange zest, 18 teaspoon table salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon table salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, frozen, 5 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 14 cup sliced almonds], title: Grilled BlueberryAlmond Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 48540: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRub ribs with 1 cup Big Daddy Rub until evenly coated on both sides. Allow ribs to marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPlace ribs in 2 large roasting pans and cover with the cola and water. Cover with foil and cook in oven for 1 12 hours. Remove ribs from oven and allow to cool. Slice ribs into individualsize pieces.nPreheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nPlace ribs on the grill. Brush on apple ciderbuttermilk sauce. Cook for additional 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl, toss ribs with another 1 cup of rub until well coated. Spread ribs out on a sheet tray and bake in the oven for an additional 20 minutes until caramelized.nServe alongside a ciderbuttermilk sauce, chipotle aioli, or harissa rouille.nIn a medium sized bowl, mix all ingredients until well combined.nYield: 4 cupsnIn a medium pot add apple cider, sugar and red pepper on medium high heat. Reduce by half. Pour mixture into a separate bowl. Add buttermilk. Mix thoroughly and add lemon juice and zest., ingredients: [5 pounds St. Louis style ribs, 2 cups Big Daddy Rub, recipe follows, 2 liters cola recommended: CocaCola, 4 cups water, Apple Cider Buttermilk Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 3 cups brown sugar, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons hot chili powder, 2 tablespoons cayenne, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons red pepper flakes, 2 cups apple cider, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest], title: Ribs with Big Daddy Rub, picturelink: null}, 48541: {instructions: Prepare the pastry: In a large bowl, combine flour with butter and salt. Mix lightly with your fingertips until butter forms peasized pieces. Whisk together egg and 1 tablespoon of the water. Add to flour mixture all at once, mixing gently with your fingertips. You should be able to see chunks of fat, and the pastry should be moist enough to begin to stick together. If the pastry is too dry, add up to 2 more tablespoons of water.nTurn the pastry out onto a lightly floured work surface, dust with flour, and knead it until the pastry is smooth, about 3 to 4 times. Transfer to a plastic bag and form pastry into a disk. Refrigerate a minimum of 30 minutes, or as long as 3 days.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a casserole or Dutch oven. Add the steak and kidneys, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring, until just browned, about 3 minutes. Remove to a plate and reserve. Add 1 more tablespoon of oil to casserole, and add mushroom quarters. Cook over high heat, stirring, until light brown. Reserve on plate with meat. Add the remaining oil to the casserole, and add onions. Cook until well browned, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the onions and stir so that the juices soak up the flour. Cook, stirring constantly, about 1 to 2 minutes.nStir the Worcestershire sauce into the hot water, and pour over the hot onion mixture while whisking. Add the reserved meats and mushrooms, and any juices that have collected, and season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to low and simmer 3 to 4 minutes or until slightly thickened.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Roll out the pastry to a thickness of 14inch. Fill a 9inch pie dish with the steak and kidney mixture. Dampen the edges of the dish with water, then fit the pastry on top, pressing it down well all around the edge to seal. Make a steam hole in the center, brush the top with milk and sprinkle with sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper. Bake for 25 minutes, or until pastry is golden., ingredients: [1 13 cups flour, 12 cup 1 stick cold, unsalted butter, cut into 12 inch cubes, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 2 to 3 tablespoons iced water, 5 tablespoons oil, 1 pound well marbled steak, cut into 1 inch cubes, 12 ounces trimmed veal kidney about 2 kidneys, cut into 1 inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 ounces mushrooms, quartered 3 onions, chopped, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups hot water, Milk, for brushing pastry, Sea salt, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Steak and Kidney Pie, picturelink: null}, 48542: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a bowl., ingredients: [2 cups roasted peanuts, coarsely chopped, 14 cup finely sliced green onion, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon finely grated ginger, 12 teaspoon sugar], title: PeanutGreen Onion Relish, picturelink: null}, 48543: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment.nMix together the mozzarella, ricotta, Parmesan, pepperoni, egg yolk and 14 teaspoon salt in a small bowl.nDivide the dough into eight even pieces. Lightly dust a clean work surface with flour and roll a piece of dough out into a 5inch round. Put 2 heaping tablespoonfuls of the cheese filling in the center and top with about 2 teaspoonfuls of sauce. Brush the edges of the dough with beaten egg and fold one side over the filling to make a half moon. Press and crimp the edges. Put the pocket on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough, filling and sauce. Brush the tops of the hand pockets with egg and cut a 1inch vent in the center of each.nBake until golden brown and the filling begins to bubble, 24 to 28 minutes. Let rest for a few minutes before serving.nAlternatively, freeze the unbaked hand pockets for up to 1 month bake as above, from frozen, 25 to 29 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup shredded partskim mozzarella, 12 cup partskim ricotta, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 4 ounces sliced pepperoni, cut into thin strips, 1 large egg yolk plus 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Kosher salt, 1 pound fresh wholewheat pizza dough, Wholewheat flour, for dusting, 13 cup prepared pizza sauce], title: WholeWheat Pizza Hand Pockets, picturelink: KyGF0aAjs3gwxBXACL08boHHwlXgyJy}, 48544: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 400F. Cook bacon until crisp. Drain on paper towel crumble. Set aside. 2. In 12inch cast iron or ovenproof skillet, brown ground beef and onion over medium heat until beef is thoroughly cooked, stirring frequently. Drain. Place beef mixture in medium bowl cover to keep warm. 3. Add oil to same skillet. Heat over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add potatoes cook 3 to 5 minutes or until browned, stirring constantly. Add cooked ground beef, corn, chiles, barbecue sauce, cheese, salt and pepper mix well. Cook until thoroughly heated, stirring occasionally. Sprinkle with bacon. 4. Separate dough into 8 biscuits. Arrange biscuits over hot mixture. 5. Bake at 400F. for 16 to 24 minutes or until biscuits are deep golden brown and bottoms are no longer doughy., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 1 lb. Lean ground beef, 3 tablespoons chopped onion, 3 tablespoons oil, 2 12 cups frozen hashbrown potatoes, thawed, 1 11oz. can Green Giant Mexicorn Whole Kernel Corn, Red and Green Peppers, drained, 1 4.5oz. can Old El Paso Chopped Green Chiles, drained, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 8 oz. 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 14 teaspoon salt, if desired, 14 teaspoon pepper, if desired, 1 16.3oz. can Pillsbury Grands Refrigerated Buttermilk Biscuits or Reduced Fat Buttermilk Biscuits], title: Chuck Wagon Cheeseburger Skillet, picturelink: null}, 48545: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda and salt set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add the cooled chocolate and vanilla and beat for 3 minutes to incorporate. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat for another 3 minutes. Gradually mix in the dry ingredients in three batches, alternating with the cold water. Beat for 1 minute after each addition to incorporate the ingredients. Mix until the batter is smooth.nCoat two 9inch round cake pans with nonstick cooking spray. Cut 2 circles of parchment paper to fit the pan bottoms and place them inside the pans then spray the paper for added nonstick insurance. Pour the batter into the prepared pans and smooth the surface with a spatula the pans should be twothirds full. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes. The cake is cooked when a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean and the cake springs back when touched. Leave to cool for 40 minutes.nTurn the cakes out of the pans and remove the paper. Drizzle them with a few tablespoons of raspberry liqueur. With a metal spatula, spread 12 cup Chocolate Chip Buttercream on top of one of the layers. Start in the center and work your way out. Carefully place the second layer on top. Smooth the sides with buttercream, and then spread the rest over the top so that the cake is completely covered. Refrigerate for 5 minutes before decorating or cutting.nWith a large knife, scrape some shavings from a block of dark chocolate. Scatter the shavings over the cake.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, dissolve the powdered sugar and water at low speed. Beat in the dark chocolate and vanilla. Add the butter gradually in small bits. Mix until everything is completely incorporated. Using a spatula, fold in the chopped chocolate and give a final quick spin., ingredients: [2 12 cups cake flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups granulated sugar, 3 12 ounces dark chocolate, melted and cooled, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups cold water, Raspberry liqueur, such as Chambord, for drizzling, Nonstick cooking spray, Chocolate Chip Buttercream, recipe follows, Dark chocolate shavings, for decoration, 3 cups powdered sugar, 7 tablespoons hot water, 4 ounces dark chocolate, melted and cooled, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup semisweet dark chocolate, finely chopped], title: A Gooey, Decadent Chocolate Cake, picturelink: YyRpMq6MqqIIvZsFfmNNdbRGQcX13K}, 48546: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the cucumber, peppers, tomatoes and red onion in a large bowl.nFor the vinaigrette, whisk together the garlic, oregano, mustard, vinegar, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Still whisking, slowly add the olive oil to make an emulsion. Pour the vinaigrette over the vegetables. Add the feta and olives and toss lightly. Set aside for 30 minutes to allow the flavors to blend. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 hothouse cucumber, unpeeled, seeded, and sliced 14inch thick, 1 red bell pepper, largediced, 1 yellow bell pepper, largediced, 1 pint cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 12 red onion, sliced in halfrounds, 12 pound feta cheese, 12inch diced not crumbled, 12 cup calamata olives, pitted, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup good red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good olive oil], title: Greek Salad, picturelink: 0a3rDGHWPJ9SN4jGRcyTC7Xc72OY9kW}, 48547: {instructions: Grate the cucumber and place it in a fine strainer over a bowl. Salt the cucumber and allow it to drain until most of the juices come out, approximately 10 minutes. Squeeze out the last bit of juices and transfer to paper towels to pat dry.nIn a medium bowl, combine the cucumber, yogurt, white wine vinegar, garlic, mint and dill. Refrigerate to allow the flavors to meld, at least 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper before serving., ingredients: [12 English cucumber, Kosher salt, 2 cups plain nonfat Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 2 sprigs fresh mint, leaves cut into chiffonade, 1 small bunch fresh dill, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Nonfat Tzatziki, picturelink: peQbH4MYj3YjtBg.EFMxikGvpEbxQX2}, 48548: {instructions: Place the senna pods in a glass bowl and pour over the boiling water. Let steep for about 30 minutes, and then strain through a sieve or a piece of muslin into a blender. Add the sugar and figs to the senna infusion and whizz until smooth. Pour into a saucepan and heat slowly to reduce, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. You want to end up with a thick, glossy sugarlike syrup. Add the lemon juice and stir well, and then remove from the heat and pour into a sterilized 150milliliter bottle. Shake well before use. Take 2 teaspoons before bed when needed. Dont use for more than a few days at a time, or if you have severe abdominal pain. The syrup can be stored in the refrigerator for 3 to 4 weeks., ingredients: [Juice of 1 lemon, 23 ounce dried senna pods, 12 cup boiling water, 12 cup sugar, 8 fresh figs, quartered], title: Syrup of Figs for Constipation, picturelink: null}, 48549: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a large pot or a slow cooker. Warm over medium heat stirring occasionally to dissolve the honey do not bring to a boil. Cook over low heat to infuse the spices, about 25 to 30 minutes. Strain and ladle into mugs.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 bottles red wine of choice, Rind from 2 oranges, 1 cup honey, 15 cloves, 5 cinnamon sticks, 1 vanilla bean, split or 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 2inch piece ginger, sliced], title: Merry Mulled Wine, picturelink: null}, 48550: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Lay a sheet of phyllo dough out flat. Pick it up from the center as if it were a handkerchief. Continue with remaining 3 sheets. Set it down on a baking pan and twist and flatten the center down to create a free form nest of phyllo. Brush with butter and bake for 20 minutes or until crackling crisp and golden. Serve one per person and top with fruit, whipped cream or ice cream or drizzle with honey and scatter with chopped pistachios, almonds or walnuts., ingredients: [4 sheets of phyllo dough, Melted butter, Topping possibilities  soft fruit like strawberries, papaya or kiwi sliced and marinated in sugar, Whipped cream some softened ice cream, or some honey and chopped pistachios.], title: Pastry Phyllo Nests, picturelink: null}, 48551: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a shaker with ice. Stir gently and strain into a chilled cocktail glass., ingredients: [3 ounces Infused Spiced Pumpkin Vodka, 1 ounce Amaretto, Toasted pumpkin seeds for garnish], title: Pumpkin Martini Recipe, picturelink: null}, 48552: {instructions: Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and chili flakes and saute for 1 minute. Add tomatoes and basil and saute for another minute. Add shrimp and saute for 2 minutes or until the shrimp is just cooked through. Add parsley, lemon juice, and lemon zest and stir until well mixed. Add the soy noodles and toss until noodles are coated with sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 teaspoons crushed red chili flakes, 2 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 12 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 8ounce package soy noodles, cooked and drained], title: Garlic Shrimp Scampi, picturelink: null}, 48553: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the white and black sesame seeds, salt, poppy seeds, garlic powder, onion powder and granulated onion in a small bowl.nDivide the puff pastry sheet in half crosswise, leaving two 8by6inch sheets. Cut eight 1inch strips from each sheet and twist each strip 6 to 8 times. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Brush each piece of puff pastry with the egg and sprinkle with the seasoning.nBake for 8 minutes, then rotate. Bake until the pastry is golden brown, another 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 teaspoon white sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon black sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon poppy seeds, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon granulated onion, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry 8 inches by 12 inches, thawed, 1 egg, beaten], title: Everything Bagel Sticks, picturelink: ZoRokIkZb1whYHJvh8TyHPUTWIGUa}, 48554: {instructions: Preheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nLightly season pink side of the salmon portions with lemon pepper. Grill or panfry, pink side down, for 2 minutes. Flip over, and cook for another 4 minutes.nIn the meantime, in a large bowl or platter toss chopped romaine, sliced tomato, red onion and blue cheese crumbles with enough Caesar dressing to coat the salad. Top the salad with remaining tomato and red onion. Place salmon over the salad, garnish with lemon slices and crispy fried onion strips., ingredients: [8 4ounce portions Alaskan sockeye salmon, skin removed, pin bones removed, Lemon pepper seasoning, to taste, 1 head romaine, chopped, 6 Roma tomatoes, thinly sliced plus 2 tomatoes, sliced, for garnish, 8 ounces diced red onion, plus 2 ounces, for garnish, 8 ounces Gorgonzola blue cheese crumbles, Caesar dressing, commercial or homemade, 4 lemon slices, 4 ounces crispy fried onion strips or storebought fried onions recommended: Frenchs Original French Fried Onions], title: Wild Salmon Ceasar, picturelink: null}, 48555: {instructions: To prepare the salt cod: Rinse the cod well and then immerse it in a container of cold water cut into chunks, if necessary, to fit. Refrigerate, changing the soaking water 2 or 3 times, until softened 12 to 24 hours, depending on how stiff it was to begin with. Drain the cod, place it in a large saucepan with the onion and the bay leaves, and cover with cold water. Bring just to a boil, reduce the heat to very low, and cover taste the water at this stage and, if it seems excessively salty, then drain, cover again with fresh cold water, and bring to a boil. Simmer very gently until the fish is opaque and plumped, and falls apart into heavy flakes when prodded, about 20 minutes.nDrain, pat dry, and remove the bones and skin, if necessary. Separate into large flakes and use right away, or refrigerate for up to 2 days before continuing with the recipe.nIn a large saucepan of lightly salted boiling water, cook the potatoes whole for about 20 minutes, or until they are tender but not falling apart. Drain and, when cool enough to handle, peel and cut into 14 inch slices. In a large heavy skillet, heat 13 cup of the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion rings and, stirring frequently, cook until they are softened and translucent but not browned, about 8 minutes. Stir in the garlic and remove from the heat.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F. In a heavy saucepan, reduce the wine by half over medium high heat. Add the fish stock and again reduce by half, then add the cream and reduce by 13, so that you have about 2 cups liquid remaining.nPour this liquid into an earthenware or ceramic casserole about 8 inches in diameter with 4 inch sides. Spread half of the potatoes in the bottom of the casserole, cover them with half of the cod and half of the onions, using a slotted spoon to transfer the onions. Scatter half of the olives over the first layer. Repeat the layer with the remaining potatoes, cod, onions, and olives.nIn a small bowl, toss the cheese, bread crumbs, black pepper, and the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil together, then distribute this mixture evenly over the casserole. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the top is golden and crisp. If desired, run the dish under a hot broiler briefly to crisp the topping even more. Scatter the parsley over the top and serve directly from the casserole., ingredients: [112 pounds dried salt cod Bacalhau, 12 medium yellow onion, sliced, 2 bay leaves, 6 medium red or white rose potatoes, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons fruity Spanish olive oil, 4 medium onions, cut crosswise into 18 inch slices and separated into rings, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups fish stock or clam juice, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 24 oilcured black olives, pitted and coarsely chopped, 14 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 14 cup fresh bread crumbs, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons parsley, finely chopped], title: Salt Cod with Potatoes Onions and Black Olives, picturelink: null}, 48556: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 3inch ring moldsnFreeze the banana pieces overnight in resealable plastic bags.nPut the bananas, mascarpone, sugar, vanilla seeds, and lemon juice in a food processor. Pulse for a few seconds, and then whip until smooth, about 20 to 30 seconds. Lay 3inch ring molds on parchmentlined baking sheets, and fill evenly with the mixture. Freeze until firm, 1 hour or longer, if needed.nPop out of the molds, and place sandwiched between Double Chocolate Cookies.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer or food processor, cream the butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Add the eggs and vanilla, and beat until combined. Add this mixture to the bowl of dry ingredients, and stir to combine.nFold in the chips and nuts, until just combined. Drop by ice cream scoopfuls onto a parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes, or until just cooked, but still soft. Set cookies onto a wire rack to cool.nUsing the same mold rings as the ice cream, cut the cookies into sandwiches. Assemble with the ice cream and serve., ingredients: [4 frozen bananas, peeled and cut in 2inch pieces, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 vanilla bean, halved, seeds removed, Juice of 12 Meyer lemon, Double Chocolate Cookie Sandwiches, recipe follows, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup good quality cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup or 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup white sugar, 3 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup semi sweet chocolate chips, 1 cup pecan nuts, coarsely chopped], title: Gorilla Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: XkqkvPW2OW3zDj256tLNc0z1kpxN1sO}, 48557: {instructions: Puree the onions and garlic in a food processor until smooth, adding a splash of water if needed. Pour the puree over the beef and let sit it at room temperature for 45 to 60 minutes. This step is to tenderize the meat. If you are worried about leaving meat out, place it in the refrigerator for 2 hours.nWhisk the soy sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, corn syrup, sugar, sesame oil, ginger, cola, apple soda and 12 cup room temperature water until well incorporated. Pour the mixture over the beef and marinate in the refrigerator for 24 hours.nSet a skillet over high heat and get the oil scorching hot. Drop in the beef and listen for a sizzle when it hits the pan. We are looking for a sear on the bottom, so do not touch the meat for first 2 minutes let the pan do the work. Once the edges of the meat are brown, mix it up while scraping the browned bits off the bottom of the pan. Cook until the meat juices have reduced by half and been absorbed into the beef, about 10 minutes.nSet up a steamer and steam the frozen gua bao buns until they have a soft, pillowlike texture, 3 to 5 minutes. Carefully open the steamed buns and drizzle some spicy aioli inside. Add a layer of baby greens and then, with a spoon or tongs, place the beef on top of the greens. Garnish the beef with tempura onions.nMix the mayonnaise, hot sauce, sour cream, corn syrup, sambal, honey, sesame oil and garlic in a bowl. Whisk until smooth. Add half the amount of hot sauce and double the sour cream for milder heat.nHeat the oil in a pot to 350 degrees F for frying.nSeason the buttermilk with salt and pepper and set aside. Whisk the tempura flour, sprite, and 14 cup icecold water to get a pancake batter consistency. Dip the onions in the buttermilk, then coat them with the batter. Fry the onions until amber brown, then drain on a paper towellined plate. Season lightly with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 medium yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 5 large cloves garlic, 1 pound boneless beef ribeye or prime chuck, sliced 18inch thick, 1 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, One 1inch piece ginger, pureed, Splash of cola, Splash of apple soda, 2 tablespoons cooking oil, 8 frozen gua bao buns, Spicy Aioli, recipe follows, 2 cups mixed baby greens, for serving, Tempura Onions, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup your favorite hot sauce recommended: sriracha, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup corn syrup, 14 cup sambal chilegarlic paste, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 4 cloves garlic, pureed, 2 cups cooking oil, 1 cup buttermilk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup tempura flour, 12 cup cold lemonlime soda, such as Sprite, 12 medium yellow onion, cut into 1inchthick rings or strips], title: Kalbi Bun, picturelink: KDWqwbQ.wgkryJNalRNsPwwjVVJd8O}, 48558: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together juice, lime, mustard and sugar. Whisk in the oil and season. Toss with all the vegetables and tofu. Check for seasoning. Lay out 1 wrapper and place a small mound of mix near the bottom. Roll bottom towards the middle. Fold in both sides and continue rolling. Finish roll and let rest. Individually wrap each roll with plastic wrap. Will hold for 2 hours in the fridge. Remove wrap, slice on the bias and serve on top of extra salad., ingredients: [2 limes, juiced, Segments of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 14 cup grape seed oil, 14 cup Thai basil leaves, whole, 12 pound bean sprouts, hair removed, 1 medium sized red bell pepper, julienned, 1 medium sized carrot, peeled, julienned, 1 small package smoked tofu or tempeh, julienned, 1 package rice papers, 10 to 12 inches diameter, rehydrated, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Vegetarian Summer Roll Rice Paper Wrap, picturelink: null}, 48559: {instructions: Mix the South Carolinastyle BBQ sauce, butter, Dirty Steves Original Wing Sauce, brown sugar, BBQ sauce and black pepper in a bowl. Stir vigorously until completely combined., ingredients: [4 cups South Carolinastyle BBQ sauce, such as Carolina Gold, 4 cups melted butter, 1 cup Dirty Steves Original Wing Sauce, recipe follows, or hot sauce, such as Franks, 8 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 tablespoons your favorite BBQ sauce, such as Bulls Eye, 4 teaspoons black pepper], title: Dirty Steves Carolina Gold Wing Sauce, picturelink: kt5fdHWv4wEs.Ooukc5ZnJMTFFQYY5W}, 48560: {instructions: Prepare a double boiler. Mix together 12 cup sugar, egg yolks, flour and salt. Add milk and mix again. Heat on stove until the custard sticks to the sides of pan, approximately 20 minutes. Add vanilla after mixture has thickened. Let cool.nTo assemble: Put few drops of pudding in the bottom of a 2quart dish and spread around. Layer Nilla Wafers and cut up 2 bananas, add 12 of custard, repeat layer and arrange wafers around the sides.nIn a separate bowl beat egg whites with 14 cup sugar and cream of tartar until it forms stiff peaks, spread on pudding and bake in a preheated 425 degree F oven for 4 minutes, just brown on top.nServe warm or cold., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 3 eggs, separated, 2 tablespoons flour, Dash salt, 2 cups milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Vanilla cookies recommended: Nilla Wafers, 4 bananas, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: Grandmothers Banana Pudding, picturelink: 7D1m649UQrKy5akE1JThJiUsbZLOelu}, 48561: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray a 13 by 9inch pan with vegetable oil spray.nIn a glass or ceramic bowl, melt the butter in the microwave. Whisk in the sugar, eggs, cocoa, and vanilla. Stir in the flour and salt. Add chopped semisweet and bittersweet chocolates and pecans.nSpread the batter in prepared pan. Bake about 25 minutes, just until brownies test moist but not wet. Cool completely before cutting., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 8 ounces 2 sticks butter, 2 cups sugar, 4 eggs, beaten, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 13 cup pecans, coarsely chopped], title: The Brownie That Started It All a.k.a The Worlds Best Brownie, picturelink: null}, 48562: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, cook the beets in 1 quart boiling water until just tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain allow to cool, then peel and dice. Set aside.nRinse the saucepan and bring a second quart of water to a boil over high heat. Add the broccoli spears and cook until tender and bright green, about 3 minutes. Drain and place in a bowl of ice water to chill. When chilled, drain and set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine the beets, broccoli, dandeloin greens, green onions, garlic, parsley, cilantro and, if desired, the peanuts.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, vinegars, honey, and salt and pepper. Pour this vinaigrette over the vegetables and gently toss to lightly coat all ingredients. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound fresh beets, 2 cups small fresh broccoli spears, 4 cups torn young dandelion greens, washed and dried, 2 green onions, finely chopped, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped boiled green peanuts optional, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Spring Harvest Salad, picturelink: null}, 48563: {instructions: For the Lamb: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Combine the crumbs, garlic, herbs, olive oil and mustard in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Place the lamb on a rack in a baking pan. Season the lamb with salt and pepper to taste. Spread half of mustard mixture on inside of lamb. Roll and secure with string. Sear lamb on all sides and bake in the oven for 1520 minutes, until lightly golden. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees, remove the lamb and spread the remaining 12 of mustard mixture evenly over the top. Return to the oven and continue roasting until medium rare, about 1 14 hours. Let rest 10 minutes and slice thinly on the bias.nFor the Bean Ragout: Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots, carrots and celery and sweat for 5 to 7 minutes. Increase heat to high and add the cooking liquids and chicken stock. Cook until reduced to 2 cups and strain. Place the beans and artichokes in the saucepan and add the stock. Cook until the liquid has reduced to 14 cup. Add the butter, thyme and parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Spoon the mixture onto a platter and top with the pancetta and tomatoes., ingredients: [2 cups fresh bread crumbs, 6 cloves finely chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 34 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Leg of lamb 6 to 7 pounds, boned, 12 pound white beans, soaked and cooked reserve 13 cup cooking liquid, 12 pound garbanzo beans, soaked and cooked reserved 13 cup cooking liquid, 4 artichoke hearts, quartered and simmered in white wine, onion and water reserve 13 cup cooking liquid, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, finely sliced, 1 large carrot, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 13 cup white bean cooking liquid, 13 cup garbanzo bean cooking liquid, 13 cup artichoke cooking liquid, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted cold butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 pound pancetta, julienned, Sauteed until crisp, 4 ovendried tomatoes], title: Roast Leg of Lamb with Ragout of White Beans, Garbanzo Beans, Artichoke, Pancetta and Oven Dried Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 48564: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the sausage and stirfry for 3 minutes, breaking it up as it cooks. Add the onion and celery and stirfry for 5 more minutes. Add the chicken stock, bring to a boil, decrease the heat, and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the bamboo shoots, mushrooms, and coconut milk. Simmer for 2 more minutes. Add the lime juice and taste for salt and pepper. Serve garnished with green onions and cilantro leaves., ingredients: [1 tablespoon peanut oil, 12 pound Thai Chicken and Turkey Sausage, removed from casings, 12 cup chopped onion, 12 cup thinly sliced celery, 6 cups chicken stock, 6 bamboo shoots, diced, 10 mediumsized fresh mushrooms, sliced, 12 cup coconut milk or condensed milk, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped green onions or scallions, white and green parts, Cilantro leaves], title: Thai Sausage Soup, picturelink: null}, 48565: {instructions: Melt 4 ounces of the butter in a skillet. Add the Creole seasoning, clam juice, garlic and shrimp. Saute until the shrimp are pink. Add the mushrooms, parsley, and scallions. Saute until the mushrooms are tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the remaining 2 ounces of butter and continue cooking until the sauce is creamy. Server over French bread rounds in shirred egg dishes or shallow soup bowls., ingredients: [6 ounces cold butter, divided, 12 teaspoon Creole seasoning, 2 ounces clam juice, 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh garlic, 10 to 12 large shrimp 21 to 25 count, peeled and deveined, with tails, 14 cup button mushrooms, sliced 14inch thick, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions, green part only, Day old French bread rounds, sliced 34inch thick], title: Shrimp Tchoupitoulas, picturelink: MggAyYuMW9OrkHucvp5cMEpKTcmRt.}, 48566: {instructions: Measure out the ketchup and mayonnaise into a bowl and mix together. If you want it spicy, add dashes of hot sauce to taste. Serve with fries, ingredients: [12 cup ketchup, 12 cup mayonnaise, Hot sauce, for spice, optional], title: Fry Sauce, picturelink: nfWAkElXsty5Rti1j6aCgWnkXtNN3a}, 48567: {instructions: Drain the guajillos, add them to a blender and blend with 4 to 6 ounces water. Strain the puree. Add the guajillo puree, the apple juice, garlic, orange juice, vinegar, onions, achiote, salt, pepper, cinnamon, cumin, cloves, oregano, thyme and bay leaves to the blender and bend to make the marinade.nThinly slice the pork shoulder then transfer the marinade and the meat to a large plastic resealable bag and marinate the meat overnight.nDice the marinated pork into small pieces. Heat a large pan over mediumhigh heat with a squirt of oil. Add the pork and bacon and cook. When the meat is cooked through, add some fresh pineapple if using to the pan., ingredients: [4 ounces dried guajillo peppers, deveined and soaked in cold water for 5 hours, 4 ounces apple juice, 4 ounces garlic, 4 ounces freshly squeezed orange juice, 4 ounces white vinegar, 2 ounces white onion, 1 ounce achiote paste, 1 ounce salt, 12 ounce ground black pepper, 14 ounce ground cinnamon, 14 ounce ground cumin, 14 ounce ground cloves, 14 ounce dried oregano, 14 ounce dried thyme, 4 bay leaves, 1 pound pork shoulder, 2 ounces chopped bacon, Oil, for cooking, Fresh diced pineapple, optional], title: Al Pastor Marinated Pork, picturelink: zoUd817ba7.CS35Bl2Hl7NvPMb0P0kq}, 48568: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chutney: In a saucepan over medium heat, sweat the onions until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the green apples and reduce the heat to low and cook until the apples soften, about 5 minutes. Add the gari, sugar, cumin, and salt and pepper to taste. Once completely softened, it only takes a couple minutes, puree everything in a food processor. Set aside to cool. Once the mixture is cooled, add equal parts yogurt and puree again. The chutney can be refrigerated for up to 4 days.nFor the samosas: In a preheated saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add a little bit of vegetable oil and brown the chicken with the onions, garlic puree, cumin and chili flakes, about 15 minutes. The chicken will render liquid as will the onions. Once browned and fully cooked through, season with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool. Then, add the Asiago and sage. Set aside. Cut the spring roll wrappers in half, creating two long, rectangleshaped strips. Using a pastry brush, place egg wash on the top half of the strip. Add about 1 tablespoon of the chicken filling to the bottom half of the strip the half that does not have the egg wash. Starting at the bottom, fold the wrapper at a 45degree angle, making triangles over and over as you work your way up, similar to folding spanakopita. Apply egg wash if needed to seal the edges once you are done folding the wrapper. Heat a deep pot with oil to 350 degrees F. Deepfry the samosas until lightly browned and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Then drain on paper towels and season with salt and pepper while the samosas are still hot and wet. Serve the apple cumin chutney on the side with the samosas., ingredients: [12 white onion, diced, 1 green apple, peeled and cored, 1 tablespoon gari, chopped, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and pepper, Plain yogurt, Vegetable oil, 1 pound chicken thighs, ground, 34 cup finely diced white onion about 12 onion, 34 tablespoon garlic puree about 2 cloves, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili flakes, 1 cup grated Asiago cheese, 14 bunch fresh sage leaves, julienned, 16 to 20 spring roll wrappers, 1 egg, beaten], title: Mediterranean Chicken Samosas with Apple Cumin Chutney, picturelink: hmPtKUxf4rxiyMe28JGDF.Q9BHmZ6m}, 48569: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a shallow 2quart baking dish set aside. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs for al dente. Drain and transfer to a medium bowl add the butter and toss until melted.nWhisk the halfandhalf, eggs, paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl until smooth. Add the pasta, 1 12 cups cheddar, the muenster, provolone and mozzarella toss.nTransfer the pasta mixture to the prepared baking dish and sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup cheddar. Bake until bubbling around the edges and no longer jiggly, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool about 30 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more for the dish, Kosher salt, 8 ounces elbow macaroni, 2 cups halfandhalf, 3 large eggs, 12 teaspoon paprika, Freshly ground pepper, 2 cups grated cheddar cheese about 6 ounces, 1 cup grated muenster cheese about 3 ounces, 1 cup grated provolone cheese about 3 ounces, 12 cup finely chopped wholemilk mozzarella cheese about 2 ounces], title: BakeandSlice Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: Ono.goGUBnrzglNGMHuVzda37Lwk.4W}, 48570: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nScore the duck breast using a crosshatch pattern and season both sides with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a large oven proof skillet heat the grapeseed oil, over medium heat, until it begins to smoke, then add the seasoned duck breasts fat side down first. Cook until golden brown on both sides. Remove the duck breasts from the skillet to a baking sheet, and bake for another 10 minutes. Remove the duck to a plate and allow to rest.nRemove all but 1 tablespoon of the duck fat in the same skillet, and over medium heat, add the garlic and chopped onion. Saute until translucent. Remove from the heat and add the brandy. Ignite the brandy with a long kitchen match to burn off the alcohol. Return the skillet to the heat and add the can of cherries. Continue to cook for another 4 minutes, then add the heavy cream, chocolate and the fresh chopped rosemary leaves. Add the cooked duck breasts to the sauce, then remove the pan from the heat and let rest for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile in another skillet, over medium heat, add 12 of the butter and a little oil. When hot, add the cabbage and saute until tender. Season with salt and pepper and remove from the heat. Finish the sauce by adding the remaining butter. Whisk well and adjust seasoning, if necessary. To serve, spoon some of the cabbage in the center of each plate and top with a duck breast. Ladle a little of the sauce on top of the duck and serve., ingredients: [6 duck breasts, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, plus more for sauteeing, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 14 cup chopped onions, 4 tablespoons brandy, 1 14ounce can cherry pie filling, 12 cup heavy cream or vanilla yoghurt, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 4 rosemary sprigs, leaves chopped, 1 stick unsalted butter, divided, 1 head savoy cabbage, shredded], title: Duck Breast with Cherries and Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 48571: {instructions: Preheat the grill to high.nPlace all of the vegetables in a shallow roasting pan. Season generously with salt and pepper and toss with the olive oil and minced garlic.nPlace vegetables, cut side down, on the white hot grill. Cook for only a couple minutes on each side until tender and nicely marked by the grill. Remove from grill and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 whole medium yellow squash, sliced in half lengthwise, 1 whole medium zucchini, sliced in 12 lengthwise, 1 medium eggplant, sliced into 12inch thick circles, 1 red onion, sliced in 12inch thick circles, 2 Roma tomatoes, sliced in half lengthwise, 3 green onions, 1 red bell pepper, seeds removed and quartered into large flat pieces, 1 gold or yellow bell pepper, seeds removed and quartered into large flat pieces, 2 portobello mushroom caps, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced], title: Grilled Portobellos and Summer Vegetables, picturelink: ncZGezzkKRNaTnNs4mV9ZuzuW2kBey}, 48572: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place a heavy duty sheet tray into the oven to heat.nAdd the sweet potatoes to a large bowl and drizzle with the olive oil. Season with the cinnamon, cumin, salt and pepper.nSpread out on the hot sheet tray and bake until crisp, 25 to 30 minutes. Flip the fries halfway through roasting., ingredients: [2 large about 1 12 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled  cut into thin fries, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Oven Roasted Cinnamon Sweet Potato Fries, picturelink: bWCPvQQuii0BzNiOFtqjGHJhpvmvJm2}, 48573: {instructions: For the saffron risotto cake: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSweat the onions in butter until transparent. Add the rice and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the saffron and white wine and stir until the wine is absorbed. Start adding the broth, 12 cup at a time, waiting for each addition to be absorbed before adding another 12 cup. Continue until the rice is just tender or al dente. Add the butter, then season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and pour into a small, 2 inch deep pan, or put into ramekins, smoothing over the tops and put into a refrigerator until cold and set.nIf using the pan, cut the risotto into circles with a 2 34inch biscuit cutter, if using ramekins, remove the rice carefully, retaining the diskshape. Heat a saute pan and add 2 tablespoons of canola oil. Saute the rice cakes until golden brown on both sides. Put in the oven for 10 minutes over to insure the cakes are heated through.nPreheat a grill.nFor the White Truffle Vinaigrette: Put shallots, verjus, and mustard into a glass bowl and stir together. Blend the oils together. Slowly whisk in the oils into the mustardverjus mixture, constantly stirring to emulsify the dressing. Add the chives, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Reserve at room temperature.nGrilled Halibut wrapped with Leeks: Bring a pot of water large enough to hold the leeks to a boil. Add kosher salt. Cook the leek until just tender and immediately plunge into ice water. Drain well and cut into 12inch wide strips at least 12 to 15 inches long.nCut the fish into strips 12 inches long about 1inch wide and 12inch thick. Roll up in a spiral and wrap with the leek strip. Secure with the skewers in a x fashion. Brush with canola oil and season with salt and pepper then place on a stovetop grill or BBQ and cook until just done about 4 minutes on both sides. Keep warm until service.nFor the Pea shoots: Heat a large saute pan and add the oil. When the oil just begins to smoke add the shallots and cook for 10 seconds. Add the tendrils and stir fry the pea shoots until they just begin to wilt. Do not over cook, you want them wilted but still crispy. They cook fast, so do this at the last moment.nAssembly: Place the tendrils down first on a warm plate or large entree bowl, put the risotto cake in the center. Top with the grilled halibut and spoon the dressing over the pea tendrils and put a little on the fish. You can top the fish with some micro greens, lightly dressed or herb plush or nothing at all., ingredients: [34 cup diced white onion, 14 cup butter, 10 ounces arborio rice, 1 pinch saffron threads, 12 cup white wine, 1 quart chicken broth, simmering, 2 tablespoons butter, for finishing the risotto, 1 pinch salt, 1 pinch ground white pepper, 1 small shallot, minced, 14 cup verjus, 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard, 34 cup canola oil, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons white truffle oil, 2 tablespoons fresh chives, sliced thin, Salt and pepper, 1 large leek, cleaned and halved lengthwise, root end trimmed off and trimmed to a length of 12 to 15 inches, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 24ounce halibut fillet, about 12 inches long, 8 6inch bamboo skewers or long toothpicks, Canola oil, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 8 ounces pea shoots or tendrils], title: Grilled Halibut on a Saffron Risotto Cake with Pea Tendrils and White Truffle Oil Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 48574: {instructions: In a large saucepan heat olive oil. Add onion and cook until tender, adding water if onionsnbegin to stick. Saute garlic for 10 seconds, then add tomatoes, 3 cups liquid of choice, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, squash and corn. Cover and bring to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes or until squash and corn are tender.nAdd fish, cover and simmer for 5 minutes or until just opaque season well with salt and pepper and garnish with parsley.nESPECIALLY GOOD FOR KIDS: If your kids wont eat fish, then make stew through step 1, divide it into two pots and to 1 pot add 12 ounces diced boneless chicken to the other 12 ounces diced fish for the adults garnish adults portion with crushed red pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 28 ounce can plum tomatoes, drained and chopped juices reserved, 3 cups water, broth or clam juice, 1 teaspoon dried thyme or oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 cups or 1 12 pounds acorn squash, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 ears of corn, cut crosswise into 1inch pieces, 1 12 pounds monkfish, cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper or crushed red pepper, 13 cup chopped parsley], title: Fish Stew, picturelink: null}, 48575: {instructions: On an oiled shallow baking sheet, lay the fish fillets out, forming one large fillet.nIn a very large saucepan, add olive oil and butter. When hot add onions, tomatoes, olives, jalapenos, bay leaves, thyme, and parsley. Add shrimp, crab, and octopus. Cook 10 minutes. Chill completely.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace stuffing down center of fish fillets, fold sides to cover filling. Cover with foil and bake for 10 minutes. Add layer of mayonnaise and broil 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nGarnish with sliced red bell peppers, parsley, and orange slices., ingredients: [8 pounds fish fillet, robalo, red snapper, or grouper, skin removed, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound butter, 2 cups chopped onion, 12 12 cups chopped tomatoes, 1 34 cups olives, 1 13 cups diced jalapenos, 6 bay leaves, 3 teaspoons chopped Mexican thyme, 13 cup chopped parsley, 2 pounds cooked shrimp, 2 pounds cooked crabmeat, 2 pounds cooked octopus, 6 cups mayonnaise, Salt and pepper, 1 sliced red bell pepper, for garnish, 1 bunch fresh parsley, leaves chopped, for garnish, 4 oranges, sliced, for garnish, Aluminum foil, to cover], title: Robalo Stuffed with Seafood, picturelink: null}, 48576: {instructions: Pour the passion fruit juice into the bottom of a champagne glass. Top with Champagne and a splash of orange liqueur. Garnish with a few raspberries and serve., ingredients: [1 part passion fruit juice, 2 parts dry Champagne, 12ounce orange liqueur, Raspberries, for garnish], title: Passion Fruit Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 48577: {instructions: Coat a wide, large heavybottomed pot with oil and heat over high heat. Toss 12 of the lamb cubes generously with salt and half of the flour. Add immediately to the hot oil and brown well on all sides. When the lamb is really brown on all sides, remove it from the pot and reserve. If the oil begins to smoke, lower the heat and continue. Repeat this process with the remaining lamb and flour. Put all the browned lamb on a plate.nRemove the excess oil from the pot, add a little fresh oil and heat it over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and celery and season with salt. Cook until the onions start to soften and are very aromatic, about 7 to 8 minutes. Add the turnips, stir to combine and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Return the lamb to the pan and add the tomato puree, stout, marjoram, and bay leaves. Stir to combine, taste for seasoning and adjust, if needed. Bring the liquid to a boil, then reduce the heat it to a simmer. Cover the pot halfway with a lid and simmer the stew for about 1 12 to 2 hours, checking and stirring occasionally. Remove the lid during the last 15 to 20 minutes of the cooking time to allow the liquid to reduce and thicken. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if needed it probably will. When its done, the lamb will be tender and fullflavored but not falling apart or stringy. Discard the bay leaves and transfer to a serving bowl. Garnish with parsley and serve.nThats a great craic, ingredients: [Oil vegetable, peanut, canola or olive, anything will work well, 2 pounds boneless lamb shoulder or leg, cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 large or 2 small onions, cut into 12inch dice, 3 ribs celery, cut into 12inch dice, 3 turnips, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 12 cup tomato puree, 2 pints stout beer recommended: Guinness, 1 small bunch marjoram, tied together with string, 2 bay leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Lamb and Turnip Stew with Stout, picturelink: null}, 48578: {instructions: Bring the water, apple juice concentrate, salt, sugar, onion, peppercorns, mustard seeds, thyme and bay leaves to a simmer in a large stock pot and cook until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Let cool completely. Submerge the roast in the brine by placing a plate on top, then cover with plastic and refrigerate for at least 12 hours and up to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRemove the pork from the brine and pat dry with paper towels. Heat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Season the pork all over with salt and pepper and cook on both sides until golden brown, about 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer the pork to a baking sheet and finish cooking in the oven until cooked to an internal temperature of 150 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest, loosely tented with foil, for 10 minutes.nWhile the pork is roasting, add the whiskey to the saute pan that the pork was cooked in, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, and cook until almost completely reduced. Add the chicken stock, bring to a boil, and cook until reduced to a sauce consistency. Whisk in the butter, season with salt and pepper, and stir in the parsley.nCut pork into chops, top each chop with some of the AppleGinger Chutney, and drizzle a little of the sauce around the pork chop and over the chutney. Garnish with parsley sprig.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for 1 minute. Increase the heat to high, then add the orange juice, brown sugar, and honey and bring to a simmer. Stir in the apples, allspice, and salt and pepper, cover, and cook for 5 minutes. Remove the lid and cook until the apples are soft and the liquid has evaporated, about 15 minutes. Serve with the pork., ingredients: [6 cups water, 1 container apple juice concentrate, thawed, 12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 Spanish onion, peeled and quartered, 10 black peppercorns, 10 mustard seeds, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 3 to 4pound center cut rack of pork, Frenched and fat removed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups whiskey recommended: Jack Daniels, 5 cups homemade chicken stock, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus parsley sprigs for garnish, AppleGinger Chutney, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 medium Spanish onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh ginger, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 5 large Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Brined Roast Rack of Pork with Apple Chutney and Sour Mash Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48579: {instructions: Heat oil in a 8 to 10 quart heavy bottomed pot. Add onion, garlic and sweet peppers cook until peppers are tender, 8 minutes. Add salt, black pepper, thyme, pepper flakes and turmeric cook 1 minute. Add broth, water, peas and shrimp. Simmer, covered, 2 minutes.nRemove from heat. Stir in couscous cover let stand 5 minutes. Serve, garnished with olives., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 medium sweet red pepper, cut into 12inch dice, 1 medium sweet yellow pepper, cut into 12inch dice, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 can 14 12ounce chicken broth, 1 cup water, 1 box 10 ounce frozen peas, thawed, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, shelled and cleaned, 1 10ounce box couscous, 12 cup pitted black olives, sliced], title: Couscous Paella with Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 48580: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Push garlic 3 to 4 slivers into the shoulder of lamb. Cover with sprigs of rosemary, salt and a little olive oil. Roast uncovered for 3 12 to 4 hours. Remove lamb and leave to rest. Drain off the excess fat. Over the heat, add the flour to the pan of juices and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Gradually add red wine or vegetable stock, stir until thick., ingredients: [4 pound lamb shoulder, Garlic cloves, sliced, Rosemary sprigs, Sea salt, Olive oil, 1 tablespoon flour, 12 bottle red wine or vegetable stock], title: Roasted Shoulder of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 48581: {instructions: Mix vegetable juice, beef broth, vodka, Worcesterchire and garlic powder in a 4cup measuring cup. Divide ice cubes among 4 12ounce glasses. Squeeze lime into each glass, and rim with lime wedges. Pour juice mixture over ice cubes and stir to blend. Garnish each with celery and serve., ingredients: [2 cups spicy vegetable juice or spicy tomato juice, 1 cup canned doublestrength beef broth, 34 cup vodka, 14 cup Worecestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 cups ice cubes, 4 lime wedges, 4 stalks celery], title: Bloody Bull, picturelink: null}, 48582: {instructions: For the white beans: Put the white beans in a container with the 4 cups water and soak overnight. The next day, drain the water and put the white beans, salt, carrot, celery, thyme, bay leaf, onion and 6 cups water in a large pot and bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat to a simmer and skim any foam that forms on top. Simmer gently so as not to break the beans, until they are soft in the middle, about 2 hours. Take the pot off the heat and let the beans cool in the liquid. Drain, reserving the bean cooking liquid.nFor the fish stock: Put the olive oil, fennel, leek and onion in a 1gallon stock pot and cook over medium heat to soften without browning, about 2 minutes. Add the wine and lemon juice. While that is going, wash the fish bones in cold water and then add to the pot with the bay leaf and 8 cups cold water. Bring the stock up to a rolling boil, then lower the heat and simmer, skimming off any foam that forms on top, for 30 minutes. Remove from the heat, cover, and let steep for 30 minutes. Strain the stock and cool in an ice bath. Makes about 6 cups leftover fish stock can be refrigerated for 3 days or frozen for 2 months.nFor the white bean stew: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over low heat, add the garlic and let it brown slowly. Once it starts smelling of cooked garlic, whisk in the flour so it dissolves into the oil to make a roux. Whisk in the wine and 2 cups of the fish stock until smooth. Increase the heat to medium high, bring the stew to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. If the sauce gets too thick, add up to 1 cup of the reserved bean cooking liquid. Add the white beans and simmer for another 10 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and 2 teaspoons Calabrian chile flakesadd more if you prefer spicy. Add a little lemon zest and juice. Keep the stew warm while you cook the clams and halibut. Just before serving add the parsley to keep it as green and fresh as possible.nFor clams: Put the clams in a pot and with wine to cover. Cover the pot and bring the wine to a boil over high heat, to gently open the clams. As soon as the clams start to open, use a slotted spoon to transfer them to a plate.nFor the fish: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Season the halibut on both sides with salt and pepper. Sear the fish skinside down until the first layer of fish starts to turn white, about 3 minutes. Flip, and cook until sides of the filets have turned white and the fish feels firm in the middle when you push down on the tops, another 2 minutes.nTo serve: Stir the parsley into the white bean stew. Divide the stew and clams among 4 bowls and top each with a piece of halibut, skinside up. Sprinkle with some chopped parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 cup dried white beans, such as fabes, cannellini or butter beans See Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 1 carrot, 1 celery stalk, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 12 white onion, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 fennel bulb, diced, 1 leek, white and light green parts only, diced, 1 onion, diced, 14 cup white wine, such as Albarino, 1 juice of lemon, 2 12 pounds halibut or other white fish bones, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup white wine, such as Albarino, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 or more teaspoons Calabrian chile flakes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Zest and juice of 12 lemon, 1 pound Savory or other medium clams, 12 bottle about 1 12 cups white wine, such as Albarino, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Sea salt and black pepper, Four 6ounce halibut filets, skin on, Chopped parsley, for serving], title: Halibut a la Vasco con Albuias en Salsa Verde BasqueStyle Halibut with White Beans and Herb Sauce, picturelink: zaNfEuYNXYV7yld2EgLhifzmZTX.Tcy}, 48583: {instructions: Trim the leafy tops of the radishes, but leave a little bit of stemit looks nice. Halve the radishes, or quarter them if they are really big. Put them in a nonreactive container with a tightfitting lid. Bring 34 cup water, the vinegar, sugar, salt and ginger if using to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Pour over the radishes, making sure the liquid covers them completely. Cool 10 to 15 minutes, and then cover and refrigerate at least overnight before eating. Press down the radishes into the liquid after 3 hours.nWhen you are ready to eat the radishes, whisk 2 teaspoons miso into the mayonnaise. Dip in a cold radish and tasteif you dont taste the miso, add the remaining teaspoon. Serve immediately.nThe 6th Ingredient: A few pieces peeled chopped ginger boiled with the pickling liquid., ingredients: [1 pound mixed radishes with greens, 34 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, A few pieces peeled and chopped fresh ginger, optional, 2 to 3 teaspoons yellow miso in the refrigerator section, 12 cup mayonnaise], title: Pickled Radishes with Miso Mayo, picturelink: null}, 48584: {instructions: Mix together the almond butter, honey and vanilla in a medium bowl. Add in the oats, chocolate chips and flaxseed and mix well.nRoll the mixture into 1inch balls and place on wax or parchment paper. Stick in the refrigerator for 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup almond butter, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 13 cup rolled oats, 14 cup mini dark chocolate chips, 14 cup ground flaxseed], title: Homemade NoCook Cookie Balls, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 48585: {instructions: Add a piece of pineapple, 2 teaspoons simple syrup, and 1 teaspoon chopped mint to each of 4 tall glasses and muddle. Fill half of each glass with ice.nIn a pitcher, mix together the lemon juice, seltzer and limoncello, if using. Divide the mixture among the glasses and garnish with fresh pineapple and mint sprigs.nHeat the water and honey in a small pot over low heat. When the mixture is hot remove it from the heat and let cool., ingredients: [8 ounces pineapple divided into 8 pieces 4 to be muddled, 4 for garnish, 8 teaspoons honey simple syrup, recipes follows, 4 heaping teaspoons chopped mint leaves, plus 4 sprigs for garnish, Ice, 2 lemons, juiced, 16 ounces seltzer, 4 ounces limoncello, optional, 4 tablespoons water, 4 tablespoons honey], title: Pineapple Honey Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 48586: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTie the beef tenderloin with kitchen twine to help maintain its shape, then freeze the tenderloin until frozen this ensures that the center stays rare when cooking a small piece of meat. Then, heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a heavy small skillet over high heat. Rub the frozen beef with salt and pepper. Add the beef to the hot skillet and sear on all sides, about 4 minutes total the beef will be just barely seared on the outside but will remain rare. Freeze the beef until it is almost frozen, about 1 hour this makes it easier to cut into very thin slices. Using a large sharp carving knife, slice the beef as thinly as possible. Arrange the arugula and Parmesan shavings on a serving platter and lay the beef slices on top. Drizzle with the remaining olive oil and lemon juice. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve.nAlternative: Use 6 ounces of thinlysliced bresaola instead of the tenderloin. Do not cook the bresaola. Serve it as you would the tenderloin, above., ingredients: [1 10ounce piece beef tenderloin, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups lightly packed fresh arugula or fresh baby spinach, 12ounce shaved Parmesan, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice], title: Steak Carpaccio, picturelink: tIoBUIzAdpCxzN3wAAVr5k58FVEkG92}, 48587: {instructions: Tear the leaves off 1 bunch kale. Toss on a rimmed baking sheet with 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 sliced garlic cloves, and salt and pepper. Roast in a 425 degrees F oven until crisp, about 15 minutes, stirring halfway through. Squeeze some lemon juice on top.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Kale Chips, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 48588: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray the bottom and sides of a 9 by 13inch cake pan with nonstick spray.nTo make the crust, combine the butter and confectioners sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat on mediumhigh speed for 2 to 3 minutes, until light and fluffy. Add the flour and salt, and mix another minute until well combined. Transfer the dough to the prepared pan, and pat out to an even thickness over the bottom of the pan. Bake the crust for 20 to 25 minutes, until lightly golden. Remove from the oven, and cook on a baking rack.nTo make the topping, whisk together the eggs and sugar in a large mixing bowl. Add the flour, and whisk until just combined, then whisk in the lime juice and zest. Pour the lime topping over the cooled crust, then bake for an additional 25 minutes, or until the filling is set.nAllow the bars to cool completely. Generously dust with confectioners sugar and cut into squares., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Pinch kosher salt, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups sugar, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice or bottled key lime juice, 2 teaspoons grated lime zest, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Neelys Lime Bars, picturelink: FVSrmuMJDcxo2LzWLAKwlsuIGny7se}, 48589: {instructions: Combine coffee liqueur and vodka in a coffee glass. Top off with coffee, float heavy cream on top, and serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 shots coffee liqueur recommended: Kahlua, 1 shot mandarin vodka recommended: Absolut, Coffee, Heavy cream], title: Orange Coffee Cocktail, picturelink: XLpMMoswOvuaWYRQFuZe2dJ5WcnlGy}, 48590: {instructions: Cook fennel bulbs in salted water until soft, remove from water, set aside to cool. Cook potato in salted water until soft, peel, set aside to cool. Blanch fennel leaves for 20 seconds, chop finely and set aside. In a food processor add fennel bulbs, cut into pieces, eggs, Parmesan cheese, bread crumbs, chopped fennel leaves, potatoes, salt and pepper to taste. Blend until they become a fine puree, transfer to another bowl, and refrigerate for 2 hours.nFill a pastry bag with the filling mixture. Pipe approximately 12 teaspoon of filling forming a small mound in the center of each won ton wrapper. Moisten the edges and top with another won ton wrapper and press with fingers to seal. With a 4inch scalloped cookie cutter cut around filling to form ravioli into a daisy shape. Place on sheet pannot touching and sprinkle with flour. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate while preparing sauce.nFor the sauce: In a saucepan, saute shallots in 12 tablespoon of butter until golden. Add wine, let evaporate for about 1 minute on medium flame. Add chopped fennel, fennel leaves, truffles, truffle oil, salt and pepper, then add broth, and tomato. Cook for 1 minute, then add butter. Remove from flame and keep in a warm place.nCook ravioli in boiling salted water for about 2 to 3 minutes, drain, and place 4 on each plate. Pour sauce over top, garnish with fennel leaves, and serve., ingredients: [2 medium fennel bulbs, 1 small potato, 1 whole egg, 1 egg yolk, 3 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, grated, 2 tablespoons bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon fennel leaves, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 to 3 packages preprepared won ton wrappers, 2 teaspoons chopped shallot, 12 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 2 tablespoons tomato, peeled, seeded and cut into cubes, 2 teaspoons black truffles, julienne cut, 2 teaspoons fennel leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fennel bulb, cooked and cut into small cubes, Few drops of truffle oil, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and pepper to taste, 4 tablespoons vegetable broth or water], title: DaisyShaped Ravioli, Stuffed with Fennel Black Truffle Sauce, picturelink: null}, 48591: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a tall glass, crush the mint leaves with a muddler. Top with the ice, simple syrup, apple juice and vodka. Garnish with red and green apples slices and serve., ingredients: [Small handful fresh mint about 10 leaves, 1 cup ice cubes, Splash simple syrup equal parts sugar and water, heated until sugar dissolves, cooled, 14 cup apple juice, 13 cup vodka, 2 red apple slices, for garnish, 2 green apple slices, for garnish], title: Double Apple Mojito, picturelink: TZnwY6A697l0ySDv6lFRkZW5jQ6N8a}, 48592: {instructions: Soak apples in water overnight. Next day, place ham in simmering water and cook further until soft. Add apples and brown sugar. Cook for 1 hour. For dumpling, beat the egg, butter and milk. Sift dry ingredients and add to mixture. Use milk to stiff batter.nDrop dumpling dough by spoonful into boiling ham and apples. Cover tightly for 15 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups dried tart apples, 1 12 pounds fully cooked ham, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 12 cup milk, 2 cups flour, 3 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Country Ham and Apples, picturelink: k0Od3JscpFCT64vHSowUhO7pSaNzNGe}, 48593: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper to protect the baking sheet from spills and make for easy cleanup.nPeel the potatoes and slice them on a mandoline into 18inchthick slices. Or, using a chefs knife, carefully slice the potatoes thinly and evenly.nArrange the potatoes in a medium casserole dish in overlapping layers, seasoning with salt and pepper as you go. Place the dish on the prepared baking sheet. Combine the milk, heavy cream, thyme, garlic and nutmeg in a medium heavybottomed saucepan. Bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat. Pour over the potatoes. Sprinkle the cheese over the top.nBake until the potatoes are tender and the top is bubbling around the edges and a deep golden brown, about 1 hour. If it starts to brown too deeply, cover the top of the dish with aluminum foil. Let cool 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 12 pounds russet potatoes, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups 2percent or whole milk, plus more if needed, 12 cup heavy cream, plus more if needed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 12 cup grated gruyere cheese about 2 ounces], title: Scalloped Potatoes, picturelink: 34RLjLxuuesghcEl3bslZ7ZPqN5p1nq}, 48594: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot, heat olive oil and butter over mediumhigh heat. When the butter melts, add in the rice and pasta. Saute for 4 to 5 minutes, then add the shallots and saute 2 minutes more. Add the zucchini and mushrooms and mix to combine. Stir in the stock and bring the mixture to a simmer. Cover and cook for 14 to 16 minutes. Add the tomatoes, parsley, lemon zest and Parmesan. Season with the black pepper and salt, if needed. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups basmati rice, 1 12 cups orzo pasta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 14 cup minced shallots, 1 12 cups shredded zucchini, 1 12 cups sliced cremini mushrooms, 3 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 cup seeded and diced Roma tomatoes, 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon freshly crackled black pepper, Salt], title: Rice Pilaf Garden Style, picturelink: CrA.rjCYLiQgkjkzJc95YicBxDzyhJO}, 48595: {instructions: Preheat Oven: 350 degrees F.nLine a 10 to 12inch tart pan with your favorite pastry shell. Lightly brush or spread the Dijon mustard on the shell. Sprinkle 12 cup Swiss cheese over the mustard. Peel the potatoes and cut them into large chunks. Boil potatoes in lightly salted water until tender. Drain the potatoes and then transfer to a large mixing bowl. Mash the potatoes. In a large saute pan melt the butter with the oil. Dice onions and saute in butteroil mixture. Add the onion to the mashed potatoes. Add 1 cup of ricotta cheese, eggs and the remaining 1 cup of grated Swiss cheese to the potatoonion mixture. Add salt and pepper. Spoon mixture into the pastry shell. Bake for 45 minutes or until lightly brown on top., ingredients: [1 10 to 12inch pastry tart shell, uncooked, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 12 cups grated Swiss cheese, divided, 4 to 5 baking potatoes, peeled and cut into large chunks, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, diced 2 cups, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 3 large eggs, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Jills Basic Potato Tart, picturelink: null}, 48596: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the mustard, garlic, vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. While whisking, slowly add the olive oil until the vinaigrette is emulsified.nPlace the salad greens in a medium bowl and add enough dressing to moisten. Sprinkle with a little extra salt and pepper, if desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good olive oil, Salad greens or mesclun mix for 6 to 8 people], title: Vinaigrette For Green Salad, picturelink: czs4OVDPjD3BKyaaQsGeqixy2Gk7RZe}, 48597: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nServing suggestion: maple syrup and fresh raspberriesnIn a food processor, combine the mascarpone, water, sugar, almond extract, and vanilla extract. Process until the mixture is smooth. Add the pancake mix and pulse until just combined. Add the almond paste and pulse once to incorporate.nPreheat a griddle or a large, nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Grease the griddle or skillet with 1 tablespoon of butter. Working in batches, pour 14 cup of batter per pancake onto the griddle and cook for about 1 12 minutes each side until golden. Repeat with the remaining butter and batter.nArrange the pancakes on a platter and serve with maple syrup and fresh raspberries., ingredients: [12 cup 4 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 cups water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons pure almond extract, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups buttermilk pancake mix recommend: Krusteaz, 4 ounces almond paste, cut into 14inch pieces, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Almond Pancakes, picturelink: cOaS.5KR.MoSRPhe5OJjlZfHD4dZuO}, 48598: {instructions: In a large stockpot, bring salted water to a boil. Add the remaining onion and garlic. When the water is at a fast boil, it is time to add the chicken pieces. Reduce the heat to medium and let the chicken cook until done, about 25 minutes it will be floating on top. Check for doneness, remove and reserve. Strain the broth and reserve for the mole.nOn a comal flat griddle or griddle set over mediumhigh heat, dryroast the tomatoes, 2 onion halves and 8 cloves unpeeled garlic, about 15 minutes. The garlic will be ready soonerwhen it shows brown spots, remove.nRemove the stems, seeds and veins from the chiles. Dryroast the chiles on a dry comal. Transfer to soak in hot water, no more than 15 minutes. Heat 1 12 tablespoons oil in a skillet and saute the pecans and peanuts. When golden, add the sesame seeds, canela, peppercorns, cloves and oregano. Remove from the heat.nTransfer the chiles into the blender and add enough water to blend. Process until smooth, strain and reserve.nHeat the remaining 1 12 tablespoons oil in a large cazuela Dutch oven set over mediumlow heat and pour the chile puree over the oil. Fry for 5 to 10 minutes. Blend the roasted tomatoes, onions and garlic and pass through a sieve. Stir into the chile paste and let the mole simmer until thickened and reduced by 34. Add the chocolate, 1 12 cups reserved chicken broth, and salt and sugar, to taste. This will be determined by the taste of the cook, the ripeness of the tomatoes and the brand of chocolate used. Let the sauce simmer, stirring occasionally, until the mole covers the back of a spoon., ingredients: [Salt, 16 assorted chicken pieces, bone in and skin on, 1 pound tomatoes, 2 large white onions, halved, divided, 8 cloves garlic, unpeeled, plus 4 cloves, peeled, 12 pound ancho chile, 14 pound guajillo chile, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 2 ounces pecans, 2 ounces peanuts, roasted and unsalted, 4 tablespoons brown sesame seeds, 1 to 2 inches Mexican canela, 8 black peppercorns, 4 whole cloves, 1 tablespoon dried Oaxacan oregano or marjoram, 7 ounces Mexican chocolate, Sugar], title: Mole Rojo, picturelink: null}, 48599: {instructions: For the stuffing: Mix the ricotta, cream, chives, parsley, lemon zest and anchovy, if using. Season with salt and pepper. Using a piping bag, fill the blossoms with the stuffing. Keep in the refrigerator until ready to fry.nFor the marinara sauce: Heat the oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Saute the garlic and onions until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Simmer for about 30 minutes. Using a hand mixer, blend until the sauce is a coarse puree. Stir in the basil, chives and parsley.nFor the vodka batter: Mix 1 cup250 ml flour with the baking powder in a large bowl. Add the club soda and vodka and stir until smooth.nHeat the canola oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C.nDredge the stuffed zucchini blossoms in the remaining 12 cup125ml flour, then coat with the batter. Fry until golden. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Season with salt and pepper.nServe the fried blossoms hot with the marinara sauce.nCooks Note: If you dont have zucchini blossoms, you can stuff mini bell peppers, tomatoes or mushrooms., ingredients: [2 cups500ml soft ricotta cheese, 1 cup250ml 35percent cream, 1 bunch fresh chives, chopped, 1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 anchovy fillet, finely chopped, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 zucchini blossoms, pistils removed, gently washed and patted dry, 2 tablespoons30ml olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 onion, chopped, 12 tomatoes, blanched and peeled or 4 cups 1 liter canned tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch fresh basil, chopped, 1 bunch fresh chives, chopped, 1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped, 1 12 cups375ml allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon5ml baking powder, 12 teaspoon2ml salt, 1 cup250ml club soda, 1 cup250ml vodka, Canola or peanut oil, for frying], title: Stuffed Zucchini Flowers, picturelink: null}}