{49200: {instructions: Remove the artichokes from the marinade, pat them dry and slice them thinly. Toss and season them with a bit of the olive oil from jar, mustard, salt and pepper.nChop the shrimp and bind them with some mayonnaise and season them with chives, tarragon, salt and pepper to taste.nCenter artichokes in the middle of a bed of washed lettuce leaves and surround them with shrimp salad., ingredients: [10ounce jar marinated artichoke hearts, preferably imported marinated in olive oil, Dijon mustard to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Mayonnaise to taste, Finely chopped chives and fresh tarragon to taste, 12 ounces cleaned cooked shrimp, chopped, Bibb or Boston lettuce leaves, washed and torn into bite sized pieces], title: Monday to Friday Artichoke Salad, picturelink: null}, 49201: {instructions: Place a pizza stone on the middle rack of the oven and preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, stretch or roll out each of the balls of dough into an 8inch circle. Brush each of the circles with the chili oil and start to layer, dividing the ingredients among the 4 pizzas. Start with the tomatoes, then the mozzarella and Fontina cheeses, the herbs, chicken, and Parmesan. Bake until the pizza crusts are nicely browned, 10 to 12 minutes.nToss the lettuce with the vinaigrette and season lightly with salt and pepper. Remove the pizzas from the oven, arrange the lettuce on each of the pizzas, and top with some of the shaved Parmesan. Cut into slices and serve immediately.nDissolve the yeast in the warm water. Add the honey and let sit for 5 minutes, until foamy. Put the flour in a food processor. Mix the 1 cup cool water with the olive oil and salt. With the motor running, pour the olive oil mixture and the yeast slowly in through the feed tube. Process until the dough forms a ball on the blade. Transfer the dough to an oiled bowl, cover and let rise until double in bulk. Punch down the dough and knead it on a lightly floured surface for 1 minute. Divide the dough into 4 equal portions and roll them into tight balls. Place on a tray, cover with a damp towel and let rest for several hours or overnight in the refrigerator.nRoll or stretch each bowl of dough into a 7 to 8inch circle. Place the circles, 1 at a time, on a wooden peel or on a baking sheet and build the pizza as desired.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a pot of boiling water, blanch tomatoes. Drain and refresh in ice water. Drain. Peel, core, cut into quarters, and remove seeds.nLine a baking tray with parchment paper and arrange the tomato quarters on the tray, cut side down. Drizzle generously with olive oil. Sprinkle with thyme and garlic. In a small bowl, combine salt, pepper and sugar, and sprinkle evenly over the tomatoes.nBake until the tomatoes begin to shrivel, about 1 hour. When the tomatoes are cool enough to handle, transfer to a container. Pour olive oil over and cover the container. Refrigerate and use as needed.nYield: 1 14 cupsnArrange the cubed chicken in a shallow medium bowl and toss with 12 cup olive oil, lime juice, jalapenos, garlic, and cilantro. Season with salt and let marinate for 1 hour, refrigerated.nIn a skillet or saute pan large enough to hold the chicken in 1 layer, heat the remaining tablespoon of oil. Remove the chicken from the marinade with a slotted spoon. Saute the chicken just to brown on all sides. Do not overcook. Remove from the skillet with a slotted spoon and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the egg, lemon juice, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, red pepper flakes, mustard, and anchovies. Slowly whisk in the oils to emulsify. Stir in the cheese and season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate, in a covered container. When ready to use, whisk again.nYield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [Whole Wheat Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chili oil, 14 cup Oven Dried Tomatoes, recipe follows, 2 cups 8ounces shredded or grated mozzarella cheese, 2 cups 8ounces grated Fontina cheese, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 8 ounces Sauteed Spicy Chicken, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 10 ounces romaine lettuce, chiffonade, 12 cup Caesar Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounce freshly shaved Parmesan, 1 package yeast, 14 cup warm water, plus1 cup cool water, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 34 cups whole wheat flour, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Pinch salt, 12 medium Roma tomatoes 2 pounds, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus additional as needed, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 6 garlic cloves, crushed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 14 pounds skinned and bones uncooked chicken, cut into cubes to make 4 cups, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 3 12 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 large jalapeno peppers, seeded and minced, 1 garlic clove, minced, Pinch chopped fresh cilantro, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 anchovy fillets, mashed, Scant 1 cup peanut oil, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Caesar Chicken Pizza, picturelink: null}, 49202: {instructions: In a glass coffee mug or heatresistant goblet, combine your heated cider and Tuaca. Top with whipped cream. Sprinkle with cinnamon and nutmeg. Add cinnamon stick., ingredients: [6 oz. apple cider heated, 2 oz. Tuaca liqueur, Whipped cream, Pinch cinnamon and nutmeg, 1 cinnamon stick], title: Positively Warm Apple Pie, picturelink: ZrUjGZSWLWXhTDDj1PEIalQdD4Q1i1G}, 49203: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPut cherries in a small bowl with the sugar.nHeat a skillet with an oven safe handle over medium high to high heat or, cover a the handle of a rubber handled pan with tin foil and preheat over same setting.nSeason chops with salt and pepper. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, to a hot skillet. Place chops in skillet and sear meat on both sides to caramelize the chops. Place a loose tin foil tent over the pan and transfer the chops to oven to finish off, 7 or 8 minutes, until meat is firm to touch, but not tough.nWhile chops are in oven, place a second skillet over medium high heat. Toast nuts 1 to 2 minutes, shaking pan frequently. Remove nuts to cool and add extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, and 1 tablespoon butter. Add zucchini disks, season with nutmeg, salt and pepper and cook until tender, tossing discs occasionally, 6 or 7 minutes.nRemove meat from oven and transfer to dinner plates. Cover chops with foil to keep warm. Place chop skillet back on stove over medium heat. Add a tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan. Add shallots and saute 1 to 2 minutes. Add cherries and warm through. Add brandy by removing the pan off the burner to add the alcohol, then flame the pan. Burn off alcohol for 1 minute, then add stock. reduce stock a minute, then add butter in small pieces. Toss sauce to combine and sprinkle in mint. Pour sauce down over chops and serve the zucchini with walnuts along side., ingredients: [1 15ounce can whole black pitted cherries in natural juices, drained, 2 rounded spoonfuls sugar  for fresh cherries only, 4 large boneless centercut pork chops, 1 12 inches thick, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, Splash of brandy, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 3 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, 12 cup, chopped walnuts  available in small pouches on baking aisle, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 tablespoon butter, cut into small pieces, 3 medium zucchinis, sliced into disks, 1inch thick, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, freshly grated or ground, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pork Chops with Brandied Cherry Sauce and Zucchini with Walnuts, picturelink: mQbNDk8MrmZiTYhf2wtg8g.P0RS5a}, 49204: {instructions: Put the bacon in a medium saucepan and fill with water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook 20 minutes drain, rinse under cold water and pat dry. Combine the bacon, pork tenderloin, wine, garlic, parsley, sage, red pepper flakes, sugar, 14 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours. Transfer the pork mixture to a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the cheese. Form into 8 to 10 patties, about 2 inches wide and 12 inch thick. Put on a plate, cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Heat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the sausage patties and cook until browned on both sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate and tent with foil to keep warm. Crack the eggs into the hot skillet, season with salt and pepper and fry until just set, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve with the sausage patties.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [6 ounces thickcut bacon, cut into 34inch pieces, 34 pound pork tenderloin, cut into 34inch pieces, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon dried sage, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 34 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup diced provolone cheese, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 6 to 8 large eggs], title: SausageProvolone Patties With Fried Eggs, picturelink: SPvPV0L4jRHh9r8Ook.nlJyRGAncQgi}, 49205: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat a 10inch Bundt pan with cooking spray.nWhisk the almond flour, potato starch, orange zest, cinnamon, ginger and salt in a large bowl stir in the carrots.nCombine the whole eggs and 1 cup granulated sugar in another large bowl. Beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until pale and thick, about 3 minutes. Gently fold in the carrot mixture.nPut the egg whites in another large bowl and beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until just foamy. Gradually add the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar and beat until stiff, glossy peaks form, 6 to 8 more minutes.nGently fold the beaten egg white mixture into the carrot mixture in 3 additions until just combined. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until the cake springs back when pressed and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely in the pan, then invert onto a platter.nMake the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar, orange juice, vanilla seeds and salt in a bowl. Drizzle over the cake and let set slightly before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 cups almond flour, 12 cup kosher potato starch, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups shredded carrots 3 to 4 large carrots, 2 large eggs plus 3 egg whites, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons fresh orange juice, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped optional, Pinch of kosher salt], title: Flourless Carrot Bundt Cake, picturelink: bPYw7ebv6aAWIPogPayY.OV5deRstqW}, 49206: {instructions: Place the eggs in the bottom of a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring the water just to a boil and remove the pan from the heat. Cover the pan with a lid and let stand for 12 minutes. Drain the eggs and rinse with cold water. Once the eggs are cool enough to handle, but still warm, peel off the shell and youre ready to go.nSlice the eggs in half lengthwise. Gently remove the yolks by pressing your thumb against the back of the yolk, and pop it out of the white. Place the yolks in a medium bowl and mash with a fork until smooth.nTo the yolks, add the mayonnaise, Sriracha, fish sauce, lime juice, cucumber, carrot, shallot and salt to taste.nSpoon or pipe the filling into the egg whites and garnish with the cilantro before serving., ingredients: [8 large eggs, chilled, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Sriracha, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 14 cup finely chopped cucumber brunoised, 3 tablespoons finely chopped carrot brunoised, 1 small shallot, minced 14 cup, brunoised, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, for garnish], title: Thai Deviled Eggs, picturelink: .EyXjHuW2KYyiAxkjWfCC5s61SPkh5y}, 49207: {instructions: In a large saucepan boil the potatoes until fork tender, drain all the liquid and return to saucepan. Smash together with a potato masher removing all the lumps.nAdd the butter and heavy cream, a little at a time, until you reach the required consistency. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and serve garnished with chopped chives.nNote: Just before finishing you could add any other flavorings desired, ingredients: [20 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and diced, 4 cups 2 pounds or 8 sticks unsalted butter, 1 quart heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chives, chopped], title: Old Fashioned Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: BDa3mCFAPWQ5NmjCFhLi12Ahll9PowG}, 49208: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Add the sausages and cook, piercing the sausages with a fork to release the fat. Cook until golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Carefully drain off the excess fat.nAdd to the cooked sausages the remaining olive oil, onion, and bay leaves. Cook over medium heat until the onions are soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 30 to 45 seconds. Add the white wine and continue cooking until reduced, about 2 more minutes. Add the tomatoes, cover, and cook, stirring often, until thick, about 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of water if the sauce starts to stick. Serve with polenta.nLine a large shallow dish, such as a pie plate, with a tea towel. Set aside.nIn a medium pot place 4 cups of water and salt. In a slow steady stream, add the cornmeal, whisking until incorporated. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly. Cook until the polenta is thick and pulls away from the sides of the pan, about 20 to 25 minutes.nPour the polenta onto the towellined dish.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 8 Italian sausages about 2 12 pounds, 1 large red onion, skin removed, cut in 12 and cut into slices, 3 bay leaves, 2 cloves garlic, skins removed, and roughly chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups crushed tomatoes in tomato puree, Coarse salt, Freshly ground pepper, Polenta, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 cup yellow cornmeal], title: Polenta with Sausage Stew, picturelink: null}, 49209: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice, add all ingredients, and shake well. Strain into a highball glass and garnish with a maraschino cherry., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1ounce dark rum, 1ounce guava juice, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 orange, juiced, 1 teaspoon sugar, Dash grenadine, 1 maraschino cherry, for garnish], title: Waikiki Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 49210: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the bacon into a cold 10inch cast iron pan and cook over medium heat until the fat is rendered and the bacon bits are crisp. Do not let it burn. Remove the bacon to a paper towel lined plate. Keep the bacon fat in the pan and set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a separate bowl beat the eggs with a whisk until foamy whisk in the milk. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir just until combined. Fold in the bacon bits, and chives. Pour the batter into the cast iron pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [4 strips thickcut bacon, chopped, 2 cups stoneground cornmeal, white or yellow, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 large eggs, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives], title: Cornbread, picturelink: NsYGqFwzefMYlCudLagsDsx5uGwXyXy}, 49211: {instructions: Cream the butter and sugar and egg yolks. Blend in the flour. Gather the dough into a ball and chill. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Break off small pieces and roll out a piece about 5 inches long and 13inch thick. Form into a circle and twist or knot the ends. Continue until all the dough has been used. Brush each cookie with egg wash, sprinkle with parl sukkar pearl sugar and bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until just set, not browned.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [1 cup butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 2 egg yolks, 2 12 cups flour, Egg wash], title: Kringla Swedish Wreaths, picturelink: null}, 49212: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the egg white, gin, lemon juice, and Simple Syrup in a shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously until frothy and cold, and strain into a tall, skinny glass. Top with Champagne and serve.nPlace the egg white, gin, lemon juice, and Simple Syrup in a shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously until frothy and cold, and strain into a tall, skinny glass. Top with Champagne and serve.nIn a small saucepan, simmer sugar and water over low heat until sugar is dissolved. Allow to cool, and store in the refrigerator.nIn a small saucepan, simmer sugar and water over low heat until sugar is dissolved. Allow to cool, and store in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 egg white from 1 small egg, 14 cup gin, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Champagne or sparkling wine, to taste, 1 egg white from 1 small egg, 14 cup gin, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Champagne or sparkling wine, to taste, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Royal Gin Fizz, picturelink: rMGPnLGGNYRePeLc6LwfPaRkdCA5SvO}, 49213: {instructions: Preheat oven to broil setting.nCut the top 14 off the choke and snap off the outer leaves until you reach pale green, soft leaves. Using a spoon, remove the hairy choke from the center and discard. Immediately plunge in acidulated water to avoid discoloration. Repeat with remaining artichokes. Drain the artichokes and spin to dry. Toss in a bowl with oil, and season with salt and pepper. Lay the chokes out on a sheet pan lined with foil and place on the lower rack of the oven, and broil for 5 to 6 minutes. Flip the artichokes and return to the oven for 3 minutes. Eat as they are or marinate in herb oil for up to 2 days.nIn a 1quart mason jar, place all of the herbs, zest, chile, and peppercorns. Pour both oils into a saucepan and heat to 200 degrees F. Pour the hot oils into the jar and cover with a kitchen towel. Let stand overnight.nPlace cheesecloth over the top of the jar and replace the outer rim of the lid. Invert and strain oil into desired container.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [8 whole artichokes, Acidulated water: 6 cups water with juice of 4 lemons, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, Herb oil, optional, recipe follows, 12 bunch parsley, 12 cup packed fresh basil, 12 bunch fresh thyme, 12 cup packed fresh oregano, 12 orange, zested, 1 whole dried arbol chile, 1 teaspoon whole black pepper corns, 2 cups canola oil, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Broiled Chokes, picturelink: null}, 49214: {instructions: 1. According to the directions on the cookie dough package, roll the dough to u00bcinch thickness.n2. Using your favorite holiday cookie cutters, press out cookies from each shape.n3. Press the lollipop sticks into the bottom half of the cookie cutout.n4. Bake for 1012 minutes in a preheated 350degree F oven.n5. Cool the cookies.n6. Color the frosting with a variety of food coloring. Frost the cookies and press on assorted STARBURSTu00ae Jellybeans, MMSu00ae Brand Milk Chocolate and MMSu00ae Speckled Chocolate Eggs.n7. If desired, press the styrofoam into a basket and cover with Easter grass. Arrange the cookie pops by pressing the sticks into the styrofoam. Decorate the grass with a sprinkling of STARBURSTu00ae Jellybeans, MMSu00ae Speckled Chocolate Eggs and DOVEu00ae Chocolate Eggs., ingredients: [1 roll 18 oz. refrigerated sugar cookie dough, 1 cup prepared white frosting, Assorted food coloring, 1u00bd cups assortment STARBURSTu00ae Brand Jellybeans, MMSu00ae Brand Milk Chocolate, MMSu00ae Brand Speckled Chocolate Eggs and DOVEu00ae Chocolate Eggs, 12 lollipop sticks available at arts and crafts stores, Medium size cookie cutters in Easter shapes, For display: small basket, styrofoam or green floral oasis and Easter grass, optional], title: Cookie Garden, picturelink: hy294XA5ZxC9Cnh61uTMipzgtT4TK}, 49215: {instructions: Pour the tangerine juice and orange aperitif into a large pint glass filled with ice and stir. Pour over the beer to top and stir again. Set all selfjudgment aside, and garnish with a cherry. Drink while eating a hot dog and toast to beer made bitter and better., ingredients: [2 ounces fresh tangerine juice, 1 ounce orange aperitif, such as Campari or Aperol, Ice, for serving, 8 ounces light beer, such as Miller High Life, Maraschino cherry, for garnish], title: Beerly Legal, picturelink: null}, 49216: {instructions: Melt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a medium saucepan over moderate heat. Saute the onions with 12 teaspoon each of salt and pepper until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and half of each of the mushrooms. Turn up the heat and cook the mushrooms, stirring frequently, until golden. Pour in the wine and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated.nMeanwhile, place the Ancho chiles over a burner and toast all over just until soft and the skin is slightly bubbly. Roughly chop half the chiles and add to the pot, reserving the rest.nAdd the chicken stock to the pot and boil about 12 minutes. Transfer to a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. For a smoother sauce, pass through a sieve. Return the sauce to the stove and bring to a boil. Stir in the remaining butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, and remove from heat. For a thinner, more rustic sauce you can eliminate this butter. Stir in the lime juice, season with salt and pepper and reserve.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nSeason the chicken breasts well with salt and pepper. Heat a large dry skillet over moderate heat for 5 minutes. Pour in the olive oil and place the chicken in the pan, skin side down. Fry until the skin starts to brown and crisp, 5 to 10 minutes, and then turn and briefly sear the other side. Transfer to a baking dish set the pan aside and bake until cooked through, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, finish the sauce by thinly slicing the remaining toasted Ancho peppers. Reheat the pan used to brown the chicken and saute the remaining mushrooms over mediumhigh heat until the edges are brown. Then add the sliced Anchos. Stir and toss 1 to 2 minutes longer. Stir into the reserved sauce.nCoat the serving plates with the sauce. Top each with a browned chicken breast and serve., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 4 garlic cloves, sliced, 12 pound Oyster mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, 12 pound white mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 to 4 dried Ancho chiles, wiped clean, stemmed and seeded, 2 12 cups chicken stock, Juice of 1 lime, 14 cup olive oil, 3 large whole boneless chicken breasts with skin, split], title: Panfried Chicken with Ancho Chiles and Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 49217: {instructions: Pour the sugar into the center of a deep saucepan. Carefully pour the water around the walls of the pan, trying not to splash any sugar onto the walls. Do not stir gently draw your finger twice through the center of the sugar, making a cross, to moisten it. Over high heat, bring to a full boil and cook without stirring until medium caramel in color, swirling the pan occasionally to even out the color, about 5 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in another saucepan bring the cream and lemon peel to a boil and set aside to infuse the flavor.nWhen the caramel is the desired color immediately turn off the heat and use a wooden spoon to slowly and carefully stir in the cream it will bubble up and may splatter. Pass through a fine strainer and serve warm., ingredients: [1 14 cups sugar, 13 cup water, 23 cup heavy cream, Peel from 12 lemon, cut into 1inch strips], title: LemonScented Caramel Sauce, picturelink: 8lbtIx1zkM3NKFSGXe8qXbeCT38554S}, 49218: {instructions: Duck is a notoriously fatty bird. To diminish the fat and produce a crispy skin, begin by trimming the excess fat from the body. Rinse the duck thoroughly, inside and out, and pat dry with paper towels. Season the bird inside and out with a generous amount of salt and pepper.nTo prepare the stuffing: Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, celery seed, prunes, apples, and 4 sage leaves season with salt and pepper saute for 10 minutes until soft. Add the bread cubes and toss the mixture together to combine. Put the stuffing in a large mixing bowl and moisten it with a squeeze of lemon and the heavy cream give it another toss and season with salt and pepper. Spoon the stuffing into the duck cavity. Rip off a foot long piece of aluminum foil and lay it on an insert rack fitted in a roasting pan, let a bit of the foil hang off the end. Lay the duck, breastside up, on the foil tuck the wing tips back under the duck, and fold the excess foil over the end of the duck with the stuffing. The foil will protect the stuffing from burning and falling into the delicious duck fat.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoast the duck for 212 to 3 hours, rotating the pan every 20 minutes or so. It may seem like a bother, but its the best way to ensure an even crispy skin. The legs will wiggle easily when the bird is done and an instantread thermometer will register about 180 degrees F when inserted into the thigh.nTake the insert rack out of the pan and set the duck on a cutting board to let it rest before carving. Now you have a whole lot of duck fat in the bottom of the roasting pan. Pour out all but a couple of tablespoons of the duck fat into a container and reserve.nFor the gravy: Place the roasting pan, with the couple of tablespoons of duck fat, on the stove over 2 burners set on medium heat. Sprinkle in the flour and stir to make a paste. Crank the heat up to high and add the wine, cook and stir, scraping the bottom of the pan, until the liquid is reduced slightly. Add the chicken stock and remaining 4 sage leaves, season with salt and pepper. Cook and stir for 1 to 2 minutes until the gravy has thickened slightly., ingredients: [1 5pound duck, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 12 teaspoon celery seed, 1 cup pitted prunes, halved, 3 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and cut in wedges, 8 fresh sage leaves, 1 pint dried rye bread cubes, crusts off, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup fruity red wine, such as Pinot Noir, 2 cups chicken stock], title: Roast Duck with Apples and Prunes, picturelink: null}, 49219: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare 4 8ounce ramekins or a 1 12 quart souffle dish by greasing with softened butter and coating with Parmesan.nMake a thick bechamel sauce base by melting 3 tablespoons butter over lowmedium heat in a thickbottomed saucepan. Just as the foam subsides, add the flour, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or whisk to prevent lumps. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes to coat the flour and remove the starchy taste, do not allow to brown. Add the hot milk to the roux and continue to whisk until the mixture is smoothly thickened. Remove from heat. Beat in the egg yolks one at a time. Season with salt, pepper, and mustard. Stir in the cheese and incorporated evenly. Chill while preparing the egg whites.nIn a separate clean bowl, beat the egg whites and cream of tartar just until they hold soft peaks. Fold 13 of the beaten whites into the bechamel mixture to lighten it. Then gently fold in the rest. Pour into the prepared ramekins or souffle dish and place on a cookie sheet. Bake on the middle rack for about 25 minutes. The souffle is done when it has puffed over the rim, the outside is golden and the center giggles slightly. Take care not to over bake. Serve with Dried Figs in Simple Syrup, brioche, and bitter greens.nCombine water, orange juice and zest, cinnamon, brown sugar, and vanilla in a small saucepan and place over medium heat. Add the figs and cook until reconstituted, about 10 minutes.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more, for greasing, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 cup milk, hot, 4 egg yolks, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 34 cup crumbled blue cheese, 5 egg whites, Pinch cream of tartar, 12 cup water, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon natural vanilla extract, 1 cup dried whole figs], title: Blue Cheese Souffle, picturelink: null}, 49220: {instructions: Tear off 2 large pieces of plastic wrap the type which is designed to use in the microwave oven each one should be large enough to enclose the fish and vegetables in a single layer.nRub lemon juice on both sides of halibut. Layer half cup of snow peas on bottom of plastic wrap and drizzle with a teaspoon of olive oil. Place fish over that and bring up plastic wrap to totally enclose the fish.nSet a cake rack over simmering water in a deep skillet. Turn fish packages upside down so snow peas are on top. Layer them on the cake rack and cover with a round bowl or cover to entrap steam. Cook for 5 minutes or until fish and vegetables are cooked through.nWhile fish is steaming, tomato seeds with a spoon and cut them into a fine dice toss with dice with a bit of olive oil, salt and pepper and spoon the tomatoes on dinner plates.nWhen fish is done, with scissors, carefully open package watch out for your hands. Pose fish and vegetables over tomatoes and drizzle juices over the top season with salt and pepper and garnish top with basil., ingredients: [1 cup sugar snap peas, blanched for 10 seconds, 2 boneless pieces of halibut 6 to 8 ounces each, 34inch thick, Extra virgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, 4 small vine ripened tomatoes, halved, Basil leaves cut with scissors], title: Steamed Fish and Vegetables in StoveTop Papillotte, picturelink: null}, 49221: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, with an electric mixer, cream the butter, shortening, granulated sugar, and brown sugar until smooth. Add the eggs one at a time until blended. Add vanilla and applesauce until combined. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, salt, allspice, cinnamon, nutmeg and oats. Add to butter mixture and mix well. With a rubber spatula, fold in the cranberries and pecans. Scoop with 2 12inch ice cream scoop onto a parchmentlined cookie sheet. Place the dough balls 2 inches apart and bake for 12 to 14 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and cool., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup butterflavored shortening recommended: Crisco, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups brown sugar, packed, 4 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup prepared applesauce, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, Pinch allspice, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 5 cups oatmeal, ground in a food processor, 3 cups dried sweetened cranberries, 2 cups pecan halves], title: Harvest Spice Cookies, picturelink: null}, 49222: {instructions: Toppings: Grilled mini burgers, lettuce, tomato, ketchup and pickles on cheesy skinsnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Cheeseburgers Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 49223: {instructions: Special equipment: Flexible tart pan: any baking supply storenPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMake the ganache: Place the cream in a heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat and bring to a boil. Pour the hot cream over the chopped chocolate and use a whisk to mix. The hot cream will melt the chocolate. Continue to whisk until the ganache is smooth. Set aside and allow them to cool.nPlace the butter, salt, sugar, egg and almond flour in a mediumsize mixing bowl. The almond flour will add flavor to the dough. Use an electric mixer set on medium speed to beat the mixture just until combined.nAdd the cake flour and cocoa powder and mix just until the dough is smooth and holds together, about 30 seconds. Remove the dough from the bowl and pat into a disk. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour before using.nWhen you are ready to use the dough, remove it from the refrigerator and give it 4 or 5 quick raps with a rolling pin. This softens the cold butter. Roll the dough to the desired size on a lightly floured work surface.nUse a 2inch plain cutter to cut the tart shells from the dough. Use a 112inch fluted cutter to cut the gears for the top of each tart. Place each tart shell in a flexible minipan and use a fork to dock the dough. Place the gear pieces on a parchment paper lined baking sheet. Bake each pan of dough for 10 minutes.nAssemble the tarts: Place the ganache in a piping bag no tip. The ganache should be slightly softer than the consistency of toothpaste. Pipe ganache into each tart. Set a gear shaped piece on end and tarts are ready to serve., ingredients: [7 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 23 cup cream, Generous 12 cup butter, Pinch salt, 34 cup powdered sugar, 1 large egg, 14 cup almond flour, Scant 2 cups cake flour, 1 ounce cocoa powder], title: Chocolate Gear Tart, picturelink: xjqAN74VTH73uPpi2LMLK5f9lGTwGoS}, 49224: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except tequila and chips in a medium bowl. Divide tartare among martini glasses, drizzle with tequila and garnish with chips and cilantro leaves., ingredients: [34 pound salmon, cut into 14inch dice, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons pureed canned chipotles, 14 cup capers, drained, 14 cup scallions, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, 14 cup tequila, 8 fried tarro chips store bought in bag, Cilantro leaves], title: Salmon Tartare in a Martini Glass, picturelink: null}, 49225: {instructions: Place the sausages in a large pan. Pour the red wine over the sausages. Add the garlic, onions, and parsley. Drizzle the olive oil over the mixture, making sure everything is evenly coated. Marinate for 24 hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat the grill to medium heat.nWhen the grill is hot, add the sausages and cook, turning occasionally, until cooked through, about 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds raw pork sausage links, 1 bottle red wine, 2 heads garlic, top cut off to reveal cloves, 1 large sweet onion, thinly sliced, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, gently mashed, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Marinated Sausages, picturelink: null}, 49226: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason the beef with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat 2 tablespoons the oil in a large cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat until very hot but not smoking. Add the meat and sear on all sides.nAdd the mushrooms and onions to a bowl and stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss. Add to the skillet around the roast.nPut the skillet in the oven and roast until an instantread thermometer registers 130 degrees F, about 40 minutes. Remove the roast from the oven to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes. Remove the onions and mushrooms from the skillet.nWhile the beef is resting, prepare the gravy.nPut the skillet on low heat. Add the wine and stock, while scraping up the browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Whisk in the flour until the sauce is thickened and smooth.nSlice the beef into very thin slices. Transfer to a platter and serve with the mushrooms, onions and gravy., ingredients: [1 3pound beef roast, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 8 ounces button mushrooms, 2 small onions, quartered, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup lowsodium beef stock, 2 tablespoons gravy flour recommended: Wondra], title: Pats Roast Beef, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 49227: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the cream cheese, mayonnaise, ketchup, horseradish and relish in a food processor and puree until smooth transfer to a large bowl. Stir in the Swiss cheese, corned beef, sauerkraut and chives.nSpread the dip in a 1quart baking dish and bake until browned and bubbling, about 15 minutes. Serve with bread.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon horseradish, drained, 1 tablespoon relish, 2 cups grated Swiss cheese about 8 ounces, 2 ounces delisliced corned beef, chopped, 12 cup sauerkraut, drained, patted dry and chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, Pumpernickel bread, for serving], title: Reuben Dip, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 49228: {instructions: thai Mix 1 14 pounds ground chicken, 12 cup panko, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon Greek yogurt and salt. Shape into four 1inchthick patties and chill. Brush with oil and cook 4 to 5 minutes per side on an oiled grill. Serve on wholegrain bread with sprouts, cucumber, tomato and avocado., ingredients: [], title: California Burger, picturelink: 2.vt0G168tplA28JEHtnEbn4zrKjkS}, 49229: {instructions: For the sauce: Grate the cucumber over a strainer and squeeze out the water. Transfer the grated cucumber to a medium bowl along with the mint, yogurt, lemon zest, lemon juice, olive oil and salt. Mix to combine, using a rubber spatula. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the kebobs: In a medium bowl, whisk together the yogurt, olive oil, lemon zest, salt, cumin, garam masala and cayenne. Add the cubed sirloin and mix to coat evenly. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate at room temperature for about 20 minutes.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to medium heat.nBeginning with the meat, thread one cube of sirloin onto a skewer, followed by a tomato, another piece of meat, a piece of onion, another piece of meat and finishing with a tomato and an onion. Continue like this until all the skewers are assembled. Sprinkle the kebobs on all sides with salt, then place on the preheated grill and cook for three minutes per side for medium doneness. Serve warm with the cucumberyogurt sauce., ingredients: [12 English cucumber, peeled, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, 34 cup plain nonfat Greek yogurt, such as Fage, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, from 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, from 12 large lemon, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup nonfat Greek yogurt, such as Fage, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, from 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon garam masala, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 pound beef sirloin, cut into 1inch cubes, 16 grape or cherry tomatoes, 1 large red onion, cut into 1inch cubes, Eight 10inch bamboo skewers, soaked if using an outdoor grill], title: Spiced Beef Kabobs with CucumberYogurt Sauce, picturelink: ty4RDtd598IhG6P5W7nN4miPjMnRN2}, 49230: {instructions: Fill a rocks glass with ice and pour in white wine, lemonlime soda and fino sherry. Stir and enjoy, ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 part white wine, 2 parts lemonlime soda, 1 part fino sherry], title: Spanish Spritzers, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 49231: {instructions: Put the parsley, garlic, bay leaves, lemons, wine, oil and broth in a large pot and bring to a simmer. Season the liquid with salt and pepper. In the meantime prepare the artichokes.nWash artichokes under cold water. Using a heavy stainless steel knife, cut off the stems close to the base. Pull off the lower petals that are small and tough. Cut off the top inch of the artichoke and rub with half a lemon to preserve the green color. Alternatively, you may put the artichokes in acidulated water. If you wish, trim the thorny tips of the petals with kitchen shears.nPlace the artichokes in the steaming liquid, bottom up. Cover and simmer for about 30 minutes. The artichokes are done when a knife is inserted into the base and there is no resistance.nTo eat, pull off a leaf and scrape the meat off the tender end with your front teeth. Dip the ends of the leaves in lemon juice and melted butter if desired. When you reach the center cone of purple prickly leaves, remove it. This is the choke that protects the heart. Now, scrape away the thistle fuzz covering the artichoke heart. The heart is the meatiest part of the artichoke. Steamed artichokes may be served hot or cold., ingredients: [4 sprigs parsley, 4 garlic cloves, 2 bay leaves, 2 lemons, cut in half, 14 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 quart chicken broth or water, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 whole artichokes], title: Steamed Whole Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 49232: {instructions: Mix 1 teaspoon each wasabi powder and water set aside 15 minutes. Halve and pit 3 avocados scoop the flesh into a large bowl and mash with a fork. Add the juice of 2 limes, 2 tablespoons chopped pickled ginger plus 1 tablespoon brine from the jar, 1 finely chopped seeded jalapeno, 3 thinly sliced scallions, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro and 1 teaspoon kosher salt. Add the wasabi mixture and stir to combine. Season with salt. Serve with rice crackers.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Wasabi Guacamole with Pickled Ginger, picturelink: Mum4U2JKCGYKnrlffynb8rbJIkDK04K}, 49233: {instructions: For the stock: Lay the onions, celery and leeks in the bottom of a large pot.Lay the shrimp shells, crab bodies and fish bones over the vegetables.Add the sherry, peppercorns and bay leaves and cover and steam Pour in the chicken stock and simmer for 45 minutes. Strain and reserve.nFor the po boy: Melt the butter, then add the celery and onions and cook for 5 minutes. Add 1 ounce water, the wine, chicken base and bring to simmer. Stir in the lemon juice, salt and black pepper and hot sauce. Add the crab meat and toss together do not overcook. Fold in the onions, parsley and crackersook for one minute more. Spoon the crab mixture onto the rolls.nFor the stew and assembly: Place crab po boy on a sandwich press. Reserve the rest to cook and eat separately. Meanwhile, melt butter in a small saucepot over medium heat. Sprinkle the shrimp with salt and black pepper and sear the shrimp, fish. Remove.Add the corn, tomatoes, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook for 3 minutes. Pour in the wine to deglaze, and then add 1 12 cups of the crab stock and bring to a simmer.Add for 4 minutes. a large stew bowl. Place crab cluster hanging on edge of bowl. Serve with a pressed po boy on side, a cocktail fork, soup spoon, shell bowl and wet nap on a doilied plate., ingredients: [6 ounces onions, 4 ounces celery, 4 ounces leeks, 1 gallonhrimp shells, 4 roasted blue crab bodies, 3 flounder bones, 4 ounces sherry, 8 peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 8 cups light chicken stock, 1 ounce unsalted butter, 34 cup chopped celery, 34 cup chopped onions, 1 ounce white wine, 14 teaspoon chicken base, 1 bay leaf, 1 ounce lemon juice, 1 tablespoon mixed salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 dashes hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 1 pound crab claw meat, picked well, 2 tablespoons chopped green onions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 14 crushed butter crackers or wafer crackers, such as Captains, Four 6 to 8inch soft white rolls, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 peeled and deveined 1620 count shrimp, 2 ounces Gulf fish pieces, 2 U10 sea scallops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup roasted corn kernels, 14 cup Roma tomatoes, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 teaspoon garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup white wine, 5 black mussels, 5 oysters, 1 full snow crab cluster, 2 tablespoons basil butter], title: Stinkys Stew with Memas Pressed Crab Po Boy, picturelink: null}, 49234: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the turkey breast skinside up on a roasting tray. Season with salt, pepper, and thyme  you dont need any oil as this is a dry roast method. Roast the turkey until the skin is golden brown and an instantread thermometer registers 165 degrees F when inserted into the thickest and meatiest areas of the breast, 1 hour. Remove the turkey from the tray and set aside on a plate to rest for 10 to 15 minutes before carving the meat into slices.nIn a medium bowl, combine the cider vinegar, white wine vinegar, heavy cream, poppy seeds, and a pinch of salt. Whisk to blend. Taste for seasoning.nIn a medium skillet, lay out the bacon strips and add the water. Bring the water to a simmer and allow all of the water to reduce and cook until the bacon strips get crispy. It will make your bacon crispier Reserve some of the bacon grease in a small bowl. Meanwhile, toss together the dressing and the iceberg lettuce and refrigerate.nSlice the rolls lengthwise and open up. Place the rolls or bread slices in a single layer on a baking sheet and place in the center of the oven. Toast on both sides until light brown.nLayer some of the iceberg on 4 bases of the rolls. Top with some layers of turkey. Drizzle with a touch of the bacon grease. Layer a few slices of avocado and apple on each. Top with 2 bacon slices each and another layer of the iceberg. Top with the top halves of the rolls. Cut the sandwiches in half and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 2 pound bonein turkey breast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 8 slices bacon, 12 cup water, 1 head iceberg lettuce, outer leaves removed, cored, quartered, and shredded, 4 6inch hero rolls, or 8 thick slices sourdough bread, 1 avocado, peeled, pitted, quartered, and cut into slices, 1 green apple, washed, cored, halved, and cut into thin slices], title: Turkey Sandwich, picturelink: OON8hYFLjQCyqYk7TGhDCPRwA3j20VK}, 49235: {instructions: In a bowl, add mango, jalapeno, cilantro, red pepper and red onion. Mix together. Set aside.nIn a large heavy saucepan, add the oil and heat to 365 degrees F. Carefully place plantains into pan. Fry until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. With a slotted spoon, remove plantains, season with salt, and let cool. When ready to serve, add mango salsa to plantain chip., ingredients: [1 mango, small diced, 1 jalapeno, diced, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 red pepper, diced, 12 red onion, diced, 3 cups vegetable oil, 3 ripe plantains, peeled and sliced, Salt], title: Quick Plantain and Mango Salsa Plate, picturelink: null}, 49236: {instructions: Place the chicken pieces in 1 or 2 large resealable plastic bags and add the rest of the ingredients. Seal the bag and shake to mix. Refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight.nHeat grill to medium heat, or until the coals are lightly covered with ash. Oil the grill.nCook the chicken, skin side up, for 20 minutes. Turn the pieces and cook an additional 15 to 20 minutes, or until a meat thermometer inserted reaches 155 degrees and the chicken is forktender and the juices run clear when a thigh is pricked with a fork. It should measure 180 degrees F on an instant read thermometer. Alternately, roast the chicken in a preheated 400 degree F oven for 35 to 40 minutes.nServe 1 bird hot and reserve the other for Days 2 and 3.nBrush the vegetables with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nPlace everything on the grill over medium heat and cook, turning frequently, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until fork tender. Serve hot, reserving 13 of the vegetables for Day 2 and two ears of corn for Day 3., ingredients: [2 4pound chickens, cut into 8 pieces, backbone removed, 1 bunch scallions, minced, 6 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped, 2 cups orange juice, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Serving suggestion: Grilled Summer Vegetables and Corn, recipe follows, 2 eggplants, cut into 12inch slices, 2 zucchini, cut into 12inch slices, 1 red onion, cut into 12inch slices, 2 plum tomatoes, cut in 12, lengthwise, 6 ears corn, shucked, Olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Garlic Chicken, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 49237: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the topping: In a large skillet, toast the almonds and pumpkin seeds over mediumhigh heat, stirring, for about 1 minute. Add the sunflower seeds and cook, stirring, for 1 minute more. Add the sesame seeds to the pan. Cover and cook, shaking the pan, until the seeds are toasted, about 30 seconds more. Transfer the toasted nuts and seeds to a medium sized bowl. Add the wheat germ. Stir in the syrup and a pinch of salt and set aside.nMake the pancakes: Put the apple in a microwaveproof bowl, tightly cover with plastic wrap and microwave on high until softened, about 2 minutes. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk the flours, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In a small bowl, whisk together the eggs, buttermilk, 12 cup of the milk and honey. Slowly whisk the egg mixture into the dry ingredients, stirring until just combined. If the batter seems too thick, add as much of the remaining 14 cup milk as necessary.nSpray a large nonstick griddle with cooking spray and heat over medium heat. Spoon about 14 cup batter per pancake into the pan and top each pancake with a heaping tablespoon of the cooked apple. Flip when the pancake tops are covered with bubbles and the edges look cooked, about 2 minutes. Cook until the pancakes are golden brown and cooked through, an additional 1 to 2 minutes. Serve immediately or transfer the cooked pancakes to an ovenproof dish and keep warm in a preheated 250 degree F oven while making the rest. To serve, arrange 3 pancakes per plate and sprinkle each serving with 14 cup of the topping. Serve with additional maple syrup., ingredients: [14 cup sliced almonds, 14 cup hulled green pumpkin seeds, 14 cup sunflower seeds, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds preferably unhulled, 14 cup toasted wheat germ, 14 cup real maple syrup, plus more for serving, Pinch salt, 1 medium apple, such as Golden Delicious, cored and diced about 2 cups, 34 cup wholewheat flour, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 1 cup 1 percent lowfat buttermilk, 34 cup lowfat milk, 2 teaspoons honey, Nonstick cooking spray], title: WholeWheat Pancakes with Nutty Topping, picturelink: yj9fAaTAQ.eabuRoPlhUQc4hbnp6}, 49238: {instructions: Whisk 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil and the honey in a bowl. Toss in the chicken and marinate 20 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the marinade using a slotted spoon. Heat 2 teaspoons canola oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the chicken in 2 batches, turning once or twice, until browned, 3 to 5 minutes add 2 more teaspoons canola oil between batches. Transfer the chicken to a plate and wipe out the skillet.nHeat the remaining 2 teaspoons canola oil in the skillet. Add the scallions, reserving some of the green parts for topping. Add the ginger and garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Whisk the broth, sugar, cornstarch, vinegar, chili paste and the remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce in a bowl add to the skillet and cook, stirring, until thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the remaining 2 teaspoons sesame oil.nMeanwhile, cook the snow peas in a steamer basket set over a few inches of boiling water until crisptender, 2 to 3 minutes.nReturn the chicken to the skillet with the sauce and heat through. Serve the chicken and snow peas over brown rice, if desired. Top with the sesame seeds and reserved scallion greens., ingredients: [5 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 4 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 14 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 34inch chunks, 6 teaspoons canola oil, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 to 4 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon chili paste, 4 cups snow peas, trimmed, Cooked brown rice, for serving optional, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds], title: Sesame Chicken With Snow Peas, picturelink: 70MZZGIV.UJxVeueffK2IeyT0j.ArBm}, 49239: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nAdd the flour, salt, and pepper to a large bowl. With a box grater, grate the butter into the flour. Mix the butter into flour with your hands until well incorporated. Add the cheese, green onion and crumbled bacon. Mix until evenly distributed. Add the buttermilk and mix with a wooden spoon until the mixture forms a stiff dough.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. With a rolling pin, roll the dough into a rectangle a 12inch thick. Cut wedges of dough out to preferred scone size and arrange on a half sheet tray lined with parchment paper.nIn a small bowl, beat the egg and brush each scone with the egg wash. Sprinkle with a little coarse sea salt and bake until nicely browned, about 14 to 16 minutes. Remove from the oven and arrange on a serving platter., ingredients: [3 cups selfrising flour, plus more for work surface, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 12 cup cold butter, 1 12 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 4 green onions, thinly sliced, 10 slices bacon, cooked crisp and crumbled, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 1 large egg, for egg wash, 1 tablespoon coarse sea salt], title: Bangin Bacon and Cheddar Scones, picturelink: T3reanPI88r6Qs9vEHfcmoSfgLrciJi}, 49240: {instructions: Reserve 8 ginger slices for garnish. Place the rest in a small saucepan with the maple syrup, and bring to a slow simmer over mediumlow heat. Cook for 10 minutes. Let cool at room temperature for about 1 hour.nStrain the cooled maple syrup mixture into a large liquid measuring cup, press on the ginger with a wooden spoon or spatula to extract as much flavor as possible, then discard the ginger. Stir in the lemon juice and vodka.nTo serve, fill 4 tall glasses with ice. Divide the lemonade mixture among them, and top with the club soda. Garnish each glass with 2 reserved ginger slices and serve immediately.nPut the brown sugar in a small saucepan, stir in 1 cup water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Cool completely before using., ingredients: [One 6inch piece ginger, unpeeled, sliced into very thin rounds about 1 packed cup, 1 14 cups pure maple syrup, or 1 12 cups Brown Sugar Syrup, recipe follows, Juice of 6 lemons about 1 cup, 6 ounces vodka, cold, 16 ounces club soda, cold, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar], title: Muleade, picturelink: tP5U4etMtEoVTlrgG8sa9nC08600dG}, 49241: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 or more 6ounce or 8ounce glasses 12 or more pieces cellophane, 12 by 12inches 15 by 15inches if using 8 ounce cups 1 to 2 cookie sheetsnPlace the chocolate in individual bowls and place each one over simmering water a little lower temperature for white chocolate to melt. Place the cookie sheet in the refrigerator. To make the molds, place the cup in the center of a piece of cellophane and bring the cellophane up the walls of the glass. Fold it over the rim, stuffing the excess inside the glass. This will make loose pleats around the glass. Adjust the cellophane so the pleats are not too tight, otherwise the chocolate may break when you try to peel the cellophane from it. Make extra molds in case you have breakage.nHold the rim of the cello wrapped glass and dip it in the melted chocolate as deep in as you want the chocolate cup to be. Remove it from the chocolate, turn it upside down, and place it on a sheet pan in the refrigerator. Allow to chill and harden for 1 hour or more.nRemove the glasses from the refrigerator one at a time. Use a sharp scissors to trim around cellophane just below the rim. Try to avoid touching the chocolate with your fingers, as it will melt instantly. Pull the cellophane towards and against the glass to support the chocolate while you remove it from the glass. Hold the cup at the base with your left hand if your hands are warm hold the cup with a piece of waxed paper and with your right hand pull the cellophane down and away from the chocolate and into the center of the cup. Snip off the excess cellophane.nPlace the cup back in the refrigerator for now while you trim the rest of the cups. Once theyre all trimmed, remove them one at a time. Keep in a covered container to avoid condensation until ready to use. Fill with mousse, pudding, fruit, ice cream, or any cold item you desire., ingredients: [2 pounds white, milk or semisweet chocolate, chopped], title: White, Milk, and Dark Chocolate Dessert Cups, picturelink: null}, 49242: {instructions: Roasted squash: Split squash in half lengthwise, remove seeds, brush with maple syrup and sprinkle with a little salt, pepper and cinnamon. Roast covered for 1 hour at 375 degrees or until soft.nSoup: Heat canola oil, add onion, leek and garlic and saute for 5 to 7 minutes until onion is translucent. Add sweet potatoes and thyme and stir. Add the roasted squash meat not skin and stir. Add wine, water, nutmeg and cinnamon. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes until vegetables are soft. Puree in food processor until smooth. Put soup back into pot and whisk in soy milk and remaining maple syrup. Pour into serving bowls and garnish with toasted pumpkin seeds and chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 butternut squash, 4 ounces maple syrup, Salt, Pepper, Cinnamon, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 mediumsized white onion, medium dice, 1 leek white part only, medium dice, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 sweet potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 sprig thyme, 1 cup sherry wine, 1 12 quarts water, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, White pepper, 2 cups soy milk, parsley for garnish], title: Roasted Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: null}, 49243: {instructions: Put the sugar in a saucepan with 2 cups500 ml water. Boil 5 minutes and add the ascorbic acid.nSlice the peaches peeled if you prefer into sterilized mason jars. Pour over the syrup to cover. Cooks Note: Dont fill to the top as the contents need space to expand as they freeze.nFreeze the jars., ingredients: [1 cup200 g sugar, 2 cups500 ml water, 12 teaspoon ascorbic acid, About 8 peaches], title: Frozen Peaches, picturelink: null}, 49244: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Combine the sage, oregano, salt, pepper and garlic powder in a small bowl.nLine a baking sheet with foil. Pat the chicken dry with paper towels. Using your hands, coat the chicken with the herb rub, getting under the skin as well. Place the rubbed chicken on the baking sheet skinside up and let sit for 1 hour at room temperature.nCombine the peach jam and red pepper jelly in a small pot and heat. Add more pepper jelly a little at a time to up the heat level, if desired.nSpoon some peach glaze on top of the chicken pieces. Roast 15 minutes, rotate the baking sheet and baste with more glaze. Roast until the chicken is cooked through and the skin is crispy, another 15 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [10 fresh sage leaves, chopped, Leaves from 3 sprigs fresh oregano, chopped, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, One 4pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces split breasts, drumsticks detached, thighs trimmed, 8 ounces peach jam, 2 to 3 tablespoons red pepper jelly], title: SageRubbed Chicken with Spicy Peach Glaze, picturelink: S7DBy5Gat6Vlqpd0ZqU9HPv6xRGgkha}, 49245: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare rice according to manufacturers instructions.nSkewer strips of chicken on bamboo or metal skewers. Season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet or grill pan over medium heat. Add chicken skewers and cook 5 to 7 minutes, until golden brown and cooked through, turning frequently.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan, combine peanut sauce, hoisin sauce, and hot sauce. Set pan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a simmer. Simmer 5 to 7 minutes, until sauce reduces slightly.nServe chicken with peanut sauce on the side for dipping and brown rice., ingredients: [2 cup quickcooking brown rice, cooked according to package directions, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into thin strips, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon peanut or olive oil, 1 cup peanut sauce, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce or to taste], title: Chicken Satay with Rice, picturelink: WooDYQjhhQQ1lYAuMWO6hzv1MCtAhNu}, 49246: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 10 to 12 water balloons, plus a few extra in case of popping see Cooks NotenAdd the chocolate and coconut oil to a glass bowl and place over a pot with simmering water until melted. Whisk the mixture together, take the bowl off the heat and let cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, blow up the water balloons. Place a sheet of parchment paper on a baking sheet and spread out the wafers on the parchment.nDip one end of each balloon into the cooled chocolate mixture and place each balloon chocolateside down on top of a wafer, waiting a second before releasing to set. Allow to set completely, refrigerating if desired to speed up the process.nPop the balloons and fill with your favorite candy or snack., ingredients: [12 ounces dark or semisweet chocolate chips, 3 tablespoons coconut oil, 3 ounces chocolate wafers], title: Chocolate Balloon Bowls, picturelink: Yb0ZnzDRSSra4vevByAXeWJOQmJfMm}, 49247: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nStir the oil and herbs in a small bowl to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Brush both sides of the cutlets with the herb oil. Heat a large heavy ovenproof skillet over high heat. Add the cutlets and cook just until brown, about 2 minutes per side. Remove the skillet from the heat.nSpoon the marinara sauce over and around the cutlets. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon of the mozzarella over each cutlet, then sprinkle 2 teaspoons of the Parmesan over each. Sprinkle the butter pieces atop the cutlets. Bake until the cheese melts and the chicken is cooked through, about 3 to 5 minutes.nIn a large casserole pot, heat the oil over medium high heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the celery and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, basil, and bay leaves and simmer covered on low heat for 1 hour or until thick. Remove the bay leaves and check for seasoning. If the sauce still tastes acidic, add unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon at a time to round out the flavors. Add half the tomato sauce into the bowl of a food processor. Process until smooth. Continue with the remaining tomato sauce.nIf not using all the sauce, allow it to cool completely and pour 1 to 2 cup portions into freezer plastic bags. This will freeze up to 6 months., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Eight 3ounce chicken cutlets, 1 12 cups Simple Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, or purchased marinara sauce, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 16 teaspoons grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 4 to 6 fresh basil leaves, 2 dried bay leaves, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, optional], title: Chicken Parmesan, picturelink: rHCtIVPLr2K3Juztfuj2GJXUA69XOC6}, 49248: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the steak in a glass dish. Sprinkle the steak on both sides with salt and pepper. Let stand at least 15 minutes and up to 1 hour to tenderize, turning the steak occasionally.nHeat the oil in a large, heavy skillet over high heat. Add the steak and saute to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side for rare. Transfer the steak to a cutting board. Let rest 5 minutes. Slice thinly across the grain.nPlace 4 tortillas in the skillet with the pan juices and heat over mediumhigh heat, working in batches if necessary. Place 12 cup cheese on top of each one and top with 4 ounces sliced meat. Place the remaining 4 tortillas on the top. Cook until the cheese start to melt, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until golden and the cheese is melted, another 2 minutes on the other side.nRemove the quesadillas from the skillet. Peel open the quesadilla and spoon about 12 cup Roasted Tomatillo and Apple Salsa on top. Close the quesadilla and slice into quarters. Serve with Evas Chunky Guacamole.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the tomatillos, apples, garlic, onion and jalapenos on a baking sheet. Toss with the olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and roast until the tomatillos are softened and slightly charred, about 20 minutes. Peel the garlic. Puree all the ingredients in a blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Makes 3 12 cups.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nIn a large bowl, place the avocados, tomatoes, onion, cilantro, serrano, lemon juice, and salt, to taste. Stir gently until well combined. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve.nCook s Note: To keep the guacamole from turning brown, press a pit from one of the avocados into the center of the dish. Remove it before serving., ingredients: [1 1pound skirt steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 8inch flour tortillas, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, divided, 2 cups Roasted Tomatillo and Apple Salsa, recipe follows, Evas Chunky Guacamole, recipe follows, 1 pound tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 2 green apples, such as Granny Smith, quartered, 2 whole cloves garlic, unpeeled, 12 white onion, 2 jalapeno chile, stemmed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ripe avocados, cut into 12inch dice, 2 medium ripe tomatoes, seeded and cut into 12inch dice, 1 small white onion, finely chopped, 14 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 12 serrano chile, finely minced, 2 small lemons, about 4 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Steak Quesadillas with Roasted Tomatillo and Apple Salsa, picturelink: V5BszIniMS0LB2dw.ojcom7D2.VDO}, 49249: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDrizzle the oil over the pork and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Transfer the pork to a rack over a heavybottomed roasting pan.nRoast the pork until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the loin reads 140 degrees F, about 1 hour.nLet the pork rest for 10 minutes, before storing and reserving for leftover recipes., ingredients: [One 2 12pound boneless pork loin roast, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper], title: Roasted Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 49250: {instructions: Fill a pitcher with shaved ice. Add the vodka and plum wine and stir well. Strain into martini glasses. Garnish with a handful of frozen raspberries in each glass. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups shaved ice, 2 cups vodka, 1 cup plum wine, Frozen raspberries, for garnish], title: Plumtini, picturelink: null}, 49251: {instructions: Add a tablespoon or so of olive oil into a hot pan over mediumhigh heat and throw in the garlic and chopped onions and give them a stir.nNow add the wine or chicken broth, whisking to deglaze the bottom of the skillet. Cook until the liquid reduces by half.nAdd the crushed tomatoes and stir to combine. Add salt and pepper to taste and a pinch of sugar. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes.nToward the end of the cooking process, chop up your fresh parsley and basil and add it to the sauce to taste, stirring to combine., ingredients: [Olive oil, 3 to 4 whole cloves garlic, minced, 1 whole small to medium onion, chopped, 12 cup white wine or chicken broth, Three 15ounce cans crushed tomatoes, Salt and ground pepper, Pinch sugar, Fresh parsley leaves, Fresh basil leaves], title: Marinara Sauce, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 49252: {instructions: Stir the stock, lemon juice, basil, thyme and black pepper in a small bowl.nLightly oil the grill rack and heat the grill to medium. Grill the chicken for 35 minutes or until its cooked through, turning the chicken over halfway through grilling and brushing often with the stock mixture. Discard the remaining stock mixture., ingredients: [1 34 cups Swansonu00ae Chicken Stock, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon dried basil leaves, crushed, 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crushed, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 bonein chicken breast halves, skin removed about 2 pounds], title: Lemon Herb Grilled Chicken, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 49253: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Place bacon into a dry pan. Heat to render fat and fry bacon. Add onion and kidney. Season with cayenne, salt, and black pepper. Saute another 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and add bread crumbs, rosemary, and egg.nPlace stuffing in lamb, packing tightly. Tie up like a parcel. Tuck the edges of the meat underneath the string. Dust the outside of the meat with flour. Season with salt and pepper and brush with butter. Place on a rack in a baking dish. Cook for 1 hour, 10 minutes.nMix together honey, mustard, Worcestershire sauce. At 1 hour, 10 minutes, baste the meat with the honey mixture. Add 12 cup of the cider to the roasting pan to prevent honey mixture from burning. Cook 12 hour more, basting from time to time.nRemove the meat, cut off string, and place meat on warmed serving dish. Pour excess fat from baking pan. Deglaze pan with 12 cup cider, bring to boil. Strain., ingredients: [2 slices bacon, sliced thinly, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 sheeps kidneys, cut into 14inch slices, core removed, Cayenne pepper, to taste, Black pepper, to taste, Salt, to taste, 12 cup bread crumbs, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon rosemary, 1 3 12 pound leg of lamb, boned and with shank, Flour, to dust, Clarified butter, to brush, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup cider], title: Colonial Goose, picturelink: null}, 49254: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to boil over medium heat for the pasta.nBroil or char the red bell pepper under hot broiler with oven door slightly ajar or roast it over flame burner holding the pepper with tongs. Put the pepper into bowl and cover it with plastic wrap. Let cool, then peel, seed and finely chop. Set aside.nWhen the water comes to a boil, add some salt. Cut an X shaped mark gently through the tomato skins at the stem end, then add them to the boiling water. Boil for 1 full minute, then remove them with a spider or tongs and cool on the counter for 1 to 2 minutes. Do not cold shock. The heat will gently cook the tomato a bit. Add pasta to the boiling water and cook to al dente. Drain, run under cold water and drain again.nPut the extravirgin olive oil into a large shallow serving dish and stir in the chile and grated or garlic paste.nPeel the tomatoes and cut them in half seed and chop. Add them to the garlic oil mixture along with the chopped roasted red bell pepper. Stir in most of the basil, reserving a little for garnish.nAdd the pasta and toss to combine. Garnish with extra basil and black pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper, Salt, 5 mediumlarge vine ripened tomatoes, 1 pound spaghetti, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 chile pepper, finely chopped, 1 large clove garlic, peeled and grated or crushed to a paste, 12 cup torn or shredded basil leaves, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cold Spaghetti with Spicy Raw Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49255: {instructions: Blend all ingredients except grenadine until smooth, pour into a stemmed cocktail glass. Drizzle grenadine over top., ingredients: [1 scoop vanilla ice cream, 1 oz. triple sec, 12 oz. white creme de cacao, Drizzle of grenadine], title: Vampire Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 49256: {instructions: Special equipment: 9inch aluminum pie pan, 1 mediumsized brown paper bagnMake the Crust: In a food processor combine the flour, sugar, and salt. Add the butter and pulse until peasized pieces appear. Add the water and pulse brieflyu00bfit will still look crumbly. Transfer the crumbs to 2 pieces of parchment paper or foil and form into 2 disks. Wrap the discs with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nOn a work surface lightly dusted with flour, roll out 1 disk to a circle about 18inch thick. Keep rolling until the circle is at least 2 inches larger than your pan. Line the pie pan with the dough, letting the edge hang over a bit. Roll the second disk, place it on a sheet pan and chill it until youre ready to build your pie.nArrange a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.nMake the Filling: In a medium bowl, toss the apple slices, sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice, vanilla, cinnamon, salt, and nutmeg together. Transfer to the pie shell and dot with the butter. Brush the overhanging edges of the dough with water. Carefully cover with the rolledout top crust and pinch the edges together, turning them under all around to make a thick edge. To decorate the rim, press it all around with the back of a fork, or just pinch it to seal. With a scissors, cut a few Vvents in the center.nSlide the pie into the brown paper bag and fold the top down. Staple bag shut and place it on a sheet pan. Bake for 1 hour.nRemove the pie from the oven and cut a large circle in top of the bag. Return to the oven and bake until the crust is golden brown, about 15 minutes more.nLet the pie cool at least 30 minutes before serving. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 1 cup cold unsalted butter 2 sticks, cut into pieces, 13 cup ice water, 5 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and thickly sliced, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces], title: Apple Pie Baked in a Bag, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 49257: {instructions: In a small saucepan over moderate heat, add the nectar, pear liqueur and star anise. Bring up to a boil and turn heat off. Allow to steep for 5 minutes, then discard the star anise. Cool to room temperature and chill until ready to use.nTo serve, drop 1 cranberry to the bottom of each champagne coupe or flute. Add 2 tablespoons of the spiced pear mixture for coupe glasses and 3 tablespoons for the flute glasses. Top with Prosecco and enjoy, ingredients: [2 cups pear nectar, 1 cup pear liqueur recommended: Poire William, 2 star anise, 4 bottles Prosecco, 16 cranberries], title: Anise and Pear Bubbly, picturelink: b3px5h9e2qrBUG09ZeZvHjffc9r11H2}, 49258: {instructions: For the rice: Bring 4 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepot. Add the basmati, flax seeds, onions, garlic and salt. Cover, reduce the heat to low, and cook until the rice is tender and has absorbed all of the liquid, 15 to 20 minutes. If using a rice cooker, combine the ingredients in the rice cooker, stir, and cook according to manufacturers instructions.nFor the beans: Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until softened and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Add the garbanzo beans, thyme and chicken broth. Turn the heat down to low and cook until the flavors have melded and the liquid has reduced by half, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the rice to a large mixing bowl. Add the garbanzo bean mixture and mix to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups basmati rice, 14 cup flax seed, 12 small onion, diced, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 small onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, One 15ounce can garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 cup chicken broth], title: Basmati Rice with Flax Seeds and Garbanzo Beans, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 49259: {instructions: Put the light rum, aged rum, orange juice, agave, lime juice, sherry and nutmeg in a punch bowl or bucket and stir thoroughly. Add large ice cubes and garnish with orange wheels studded with cloves. Ladle into punch glasses or drink with straws from the container., ingredients: [20 ounces light rum, 10 ounces Jamaican aged rum, such as Smith and Cross, 10 ounces orange juice, 5 ounces agave nectar, 5 ounces fresh lime juice, 3 ounces dark sherry oloroso, 2 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg, Orange wheels studded with cloves, for garnish], title: Kickin Bucket, picturelink: 0efhulMRzavEGXAarEr7ilGVbKrhsK}, 49260: {instructions: For the apples and filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nHalve the apples across the equator. Scoop out the core of the apples, leaving a well in the center. Level the bottoms of the apples if needed.nIn a large bowl, combine the peanut butter, yogurt, peanuts and agave. Fill the apple halves evenly and place them on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the filling is set and the apples are slightly tender, 20 to 25 minutes.nFor the topping: Add the jelly to a small bowl, then add a few drops of hot water at a time to loosen it, stirring, until you reach a syrup consistency.nSprinkle the toast pieces over the top of the apples, drizzle the jelly syrup on top and sprinkle lightly with salt., ingredients: [2 Honeycrisp apples, 1 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 14 cup chopped roasted peanuts, 2 tablespoons agave nectar, 14 cup grape jelly, 1 slice white bread, toasted and finely chopped, Kosher salt], title: Sunnys PB and J Stuffed Apples, picturelink: gbB8MrImQU3N10jMF8eW3olDq07c0G}, 49261: {instructions: Puree 1 14 cups light coconut milk, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 6 mint leaves and 18 teaspoon each cayenne pepper and kosher salt in a blender. Scoop mango sorbet into bowls, drizzle with the coconut sauce and top with chopped pistachios.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Sorbet With Coconut Sauce, picturelink: gKZeH4pxgayPVNrZOibIh.u5bA83nK}, 49262: {instructions: 1. In a large sheet pan, spread the asparagus out and drizzle with 12 tablespoons of the olive oil to coat. Season with salt and pepper.n2. Next, place the almonds on the pan, add 1 teaspoon of oil to coat then roast in at 400 degrees F for 10 minutes. Remove and set aside.n3. In a large skillet, heat 1 teaspoon of oil until very hot.n4. Add the chicken and begin to brown. Add the onion and garlic and saute until tender  about 78 minutes.n5. Add the lime juice and carefully add the rum and lime zest. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer slowly until cooked.n6. Toss in half of the almonds and place the hot rice on a warm platter.n7. Top the rice with the chicken, arrange the roasted asparagus, drizzle the juices on top and garnish with the remaining almonds and mint., ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus, trimmed, 34 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 cup Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Slivered Almonds, 1 pound skinless boneless chicken breasts, 1 small onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 23 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup light rum, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 13 cup mint, chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Mojito Chicken Breast, picturelink: null}, 49263: {instructions: Line a sieve with cheesecloth or paper towels and suspend it over a bowl. Pour the yogurt into the sieve and allow it to drain, refrigerated, for 3 hours or overnight.nPlace the thickened yogurt into a medium bowl and add the almonds reserving 1 tablespoon for the garnish, honey, vanilla, and orange zest. Thin with peach nectar until it is a desirable consistency.nAdd the raisins, peach reserving 1 tablespoon for garnish and raspberries reserving 2 tablespoons for garnish. Garnish with the reserved almonds, peach and raspberries., ingredients: [4 cups plain yogurt, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 14 cup good honey, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 12 to 1 cup peach nectar, 14 cup raisins, 1 peach, peeled and diced, 12 pint fresh raspberries], title: Peach and Raspberry Almond Swirls, picturelink: mJWvVk89M0FVOqjJuJjWX919Cs6OFBq}, 49264: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nSeason the chicken and place chicken pieces, skin side down, onto a broiler pan. Broil the chicken, turning the pieces over once, cooking until the chicken is browned and cooked through, about 20 minutes.nSlice off 1 end of each of 3 lemons. With a sharp knife, supreme lemons: in a downward motion, peel away rind and pith. Separate segments of lemon wedges from skin and put in a bowl. Squeeze out juice from leftover skins. Juice the other 3 lemons into same bowl. Add oil, parsley, salt, and pepper.nOnce chicken is cooked, remove from the broiler and cover with sauce. Return to broiler and cook for 5 minutes. Remove and serve., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, cutup into 8 pieces, 6 lemons, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh minced Italian parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper], title: Chicken with Chunky Lemon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49265: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo attain maximum heat, preheat broiler for at least 15 minutes before using.nBroil chicken halves, turning once, for about 30 minutes or until skin is goldenbrown and juices run clear when bird is pierced with a fork.nRemove chicken from broiler, leaving broiler on. Using a very sharp knife, cut each half into about 6 pieces leg, thigh, wing, 3 small breast pieces.nPlace chicken on a baking sheet with sides, of a size that can fit into the broiler. Pour Lemon Sauce over the chicken and toss to coat well. If necessary, divide sauce in half and do this in two batches.nReturn to broiler and broil for 3 minutes. Turn each piece and broil for an additional minute.nRemove from broiler and portion each chicken into each of 6 warm serving plates.nPour sauce into a heavy saucepan. Stir in parsley and place over high heat for 1 minute. Pour an equal amount of sauce over each chicken and serve with lots of crusty bread to absorb the sauce.nWhisk together juice, oil, vinegar, garlic, oregano, and salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Whisk or shake vigorously before using., ingredients: [Two 2 12 to 3pound broiling chickens, halved, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley, Lemon Sauce recipe follows, 2 cups fresh lemon juice, 1 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Raos Famous Lemon Chicken Pollo al Limone, picturelink: GNmZxTDvdE7jLKunPB69thJ2w.GqQSu}, 49266: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a stand mixer with the beater blade attachment, beat the butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar and chocolate until smooth. Add the eggs and mix until fully combined. Sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt in a bowl and add slowly to the batter until mixed. Add the vanilla and fold in the chocolate chips.nDrop by generous spoonfuls onto the prepared baking sheet, about 2 inches apart. Bake for 15 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, softened, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 1 ounce unsweetened baking chocolate, melted, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: Brownie Batter Cookies, picturelink: lx4Ck.qFWapxAkAKEpWIOAe.jTVjXD.}, 49267: {instructions: In a food processor, combine pistachios, oregano, thyme, and garlic powder. Process until finely chopped and transfer to a shallow dish. Season both sides of tilapia fillets with salt and pepper. Brush honey mustard over both sides of tilapia and then transfer to pistachio mixture. Press mixture into both sides of fish.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add tilapia and cook 2 to 3 minutes per side, until forktender.nHeat remaining oil in a small skillet over high heat. Add prosciutto and cook 2 minutes, until golden brown. Add pine nuts and cook 1 minute, until nuts are golden brown. Add chard leaves, cover and steam 2 minutes, until leaves soften. Arrange chard mixture on a serving platter and top with Gorgonzola and serve with tilapia., ingredients: [1 cup shelled pistachios, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 tilapia fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons honey mustard, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 4 ounces prosciutto, diced, 4 tablespoons pine nuts, 6 cups fresh chard leaves, 14 cup crumbled Gorgonzola or blue cheese], title: PistachioCrusted Tilapia with Chard, FlashFried Prosciutto, Gorgonzola and Pine Nuts, picturelink: uoK0hSWnFg2H8lxKLUuW8I.LDt6}, 49268: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients in a large bowl. Stir and toss well. Can be stored in the refrigerator 2 days., ingredients: [1 medium white cabbage, finely sliced, 2 carrots, peeled and shredded, 2 teaspoons celery salt, 12 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano crushed, 23 cup olive oil, 13 cup red wine vinegar], title: Spicy Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: null}, 49269: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 2quart baking dish.nToss the corn kernels with their juices and heavy cream together in a large bowl and mix to combine. Transfer 1 cup of the corn mixture to a food processor and puree until very smooth, then add back to the bowl. Fold in the jalapenos, chipotle sauce, 14 cup cilantro, and 1 12 teaspoons salt. Spread the corn mixture evenly into the prepared baking dish.nMix the crushed tortilla chips, flour, sugar and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Drizzle in the melted butter and toss together with a fork until clumps start to form. Sprinkle evenly over the corn filling.nBake until the top is light golden brown and the corn filling is bubbling up the sides, 35 to 40 minutes. Let sit for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with the Cotija and remaining 14 cup cilantro. Serve with lime wedges on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the baking dish, 6 to 8 ears of corn, kernels removed about 4 cups and juices scraped from the cobs and reserved, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 14 cup chopped pickled jalapenos, 1 tablespoon sauce from canned chipotle in adobo, 12 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves, Kosher salt, 1 cup crushed tortilla chips about 2 14 ounces crushed to peasize, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup crumbled Cotija cheese about 2 14 ounces, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Spicy Creamed Corn Crumble, picturelink: 9.qJlYGPwVHz9ztS23frN3BIYLIScli}, 49270: {instructions: In a large pot over high heat, add the potatoes and cover with water by 1inch. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then add a pinch of salt, reduce the heat and simmer until slightly tender, but not easily poked by a fork, about 10 minutes. Drain the potatoes and pour put them onto a baking sheet to cool completely.nIn a large pan add the olive oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. When the oil begins to swirl, add the potatoes, season with salt and leave alone to allow a crust to form, about 5 minutes. Once a crust forms on the bottom give the potatoes a toss or flip them with a spatula and allow them to crisp on the other side, about 2 to 3 minutes more. Remove the potatoes to a serving bowl with a slotted spoon. Serve drizzled with Roasted Red Pepper Sauce.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the bell peppers, onion, garlic, and peppercorns on a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and season with a healthy pinch of salt. Mix with your hands to fully coat the vegetables, and arrange the bell peppers, skin side up, so that the garlic and peppercorns can hide under the cavity of the bell pepper halves. Roast until the skin of the peppers begins to blacken and pucker, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately put all of the ingredients and residue from the baking sheet into a bowl, and quickly cover tightly with plastic wrap. Let the peppers steam for about 5 minutes. Remove the pepper halves and, using your fingers, remove their skin by gently ripping and pulling it off, and return the peeled peppers to the bowl.nAdd the mixture to a blender along with the chili sauce. Pulse lightly until almost smooth, but still having a slight texture. Season, to taste, with salt and pour it into a small bowl., ingredients: [2 pounds creamer or red bliss potatoes, halved, or quartered if large, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Roasted Pepper Sauce, recipe follows, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and halved, 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and halved, 12 red onion, halved, 3 cloves garlic, 8 to 10 whole black peppercorns, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon hot chili sauce recommended: Sriracha], title: Crispy Potatoes with Roasted Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49271: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a heavybottomed saucepot, render the salt pork until just crisp. Remove and discard. Sweat the onion in the pork fat until tender. Add the potatoes and cover with milk. Bring to a boil and let simmer until potatoes are soft. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a separate pot, fitted with a steamer basket, bring the reserved clam juice to a boil. Add clams and cover. Steam for three minutes until all clams are open. Remove the clams as they open and transfer to a bowl. Add the steaming juices to the pot with the chowder. Using a stick blender puree to desired consistency. Adjust seasonings.nFinely chop the drained canned clams. Fold into the chowder. Serve with steamed clams, parsley, sour cream and grape tomatoes, as garnish., ingredients: [3 ounces salt pork, finely diced, 1 12 cups small diced yellow onion, 6 cups small diced baking potatoes, like russets, 2 cups milk, 1 6.5 ounce can clams, drained, juice reserved, 12 Little Neck clams, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, Sour cream, for garnish, Grape tomatoes, halved, for garnish], title: Clam Chowder, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 49272: {instructions: Combine sugar and water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Boil until the sugar dissolves and the syrup is clear. Remove from heat, add 12 cup of the mint leaves and steep 15 minutes. Strain syrup, let cool and refrigerate until chilled. The syrup will keep, refrigerated, for 2 weeks.nIn a bowl, mix the pink grapefruit juice with the syrup. Pour into an ice cream machine and freeze according to the manufacturers directions. Transfer to a container and freeze until serving time. Wrap and freeze the reserved grapefruit halves. Meanwhile, peel the grapefruit or pomelo and pull it apart into segments. Using the tip of a small sharp knife, loosen the white membrane surrounding each segment and pull it away, trying not to pierce any of the little juice pods. Break up the segments into the juice pods and set aside.nPlace the sorbet in the refrigerator for 15 minutes before serving to soften slightly.nScatter half the grapefruit or pomelo juice pods over the bottom of the frozen grapefruit halves. Scoop sorbet over the grapefruit and cover with remaining grapefruit juice pods. Garnish with mint leaves., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 13 cup water, 12 cup mint leaves, washed, plus extra for garnish, 3 cups freshly squeezed pink grapefruit juice reserve 2 grapefruit halves for serving, 1 grapefruit or pomelo, for garnish], title: Pink Grapefruit or Pomelo Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 49273: {instructions: Season the oxtail with the salt and black pepper. In a kettle large enough to hold the oxtails, add 12 cup of virgin olive oil. Heat the oil and add the oxtail making sure you brown all sides. Once this is done, transfer the oxtails from the oil to a warm plate. In the same kettle add the remaining 12 cup of oil and heat. Then add onions, bell peppers, and garlic to make the sofrito. Stir this mixture for about 10 minutes. Add the rest of the ingredients and reintroduce the oxtails to the kettle. Stir well and simmer over medium heat for 2 to 3 hours or until the meat easily pulls away from the bone. Serve with white rice, double fried plantains, and avocado salad if in season, ingredients: [4 pounds Oxtails cut into 2inch pieces, 1 cup of virgin Spanish olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 5 cloves of garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup tomato paste, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon oregano, 1 teaspoon cumin, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup of vino seco dry red cooking wine, Salt to taste], title: Oxtail Stew, picturelink: null}, 49274: {instructions: For the cookies: Position an oven rack in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, nutmeg and salt in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and granulated sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then beat in the sour cream, vanilla and lemon zest. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture and use a rubber spatula to gently fold and stir until just combined.nScoop the dough by level tablespoonfuls onto one of the prepared baking sheets and refrigerate until slightly chilled and firm, about 15 minutes.nWith lightly floured hands, roll each piece out into a 512inchlong rope. Join the ends together to form 2inch rings. Place on the prepared baking sheets, leaving about a 1 inch between the cookies.nOnce youve filled the 2 baking sheets you should be able to fit about 14 on each sheet, bake the cookies until puffed and very light brown on the bottom, 10 to 12 minutes, switching the baking sheets in the oven halfway through baking. Transfer the cookies to a rack to cool. Let the baking sheets cool and bake the remaining cookies.nFor the glaze: Whisk together the confectioners sugar, lemon juice, grape jelly and 13 cup water in a medium bowl. Dip the rounded top of the cooled cookies into the glaze, letting any excess drip off, and place back on the rack. Immediately decorate with chocolate sprinkles before the glaze sets. Let the cookies sit for about 30 minutes for the glaze to harden. Store at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 14 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup granulated sugar, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, 2 14 cups confectioners sugar, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons grape jelly, Chocolate sprinkles, for decorating], title: JellyGlazed Doughnut Cookies, picturelink: LJIIu68UXuKbY6N5AOisF68bKcGmkSG}, 49275: {instructions: In a stockpot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the oil, garlic and onion. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and saute until the onion gets tender and aromatic, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and stir well. Add the ground beef and cook until browned, stirring frequently and breaking it apart, about 5 minutes. Add the chili powder and cumin and stir until evenly distributed. Stir in the tomato sauce and broth and lower the heat to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes. Stir in the barbecue sauce and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 medium onion, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 pound lean ground beef at least 90 percent lean, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, One 15ounce can nosaltadded tomato sauce, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons barbecue sauce], title: BBQ Beef Chili, picturelink: iv3BYJ29hvu6xfesgNIpQHpLJf9XhS}, 49276: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nMake the twists: On a floured surface, roll out the dough into a 10by18inch rectangle. Spread the poppy seed filling evenly over the dough, leaving a 1inch border on one of the long sides. Brush the clean border with water. Tightly roll the dough into an 18inch log, rolling toward the clean border.nUsing a chefs knife, cut the log crosswise into 12 rounds, 1 12 inches wide each. Dampen your hands, then stretch and pat each round into an oval shape. Twist each oval in the middle to form a figureeight shape. Place on the prepared baking sheets. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until plump, 20 minutes.nUncover the dough and retwist, if necessary. Bake until golden, about 20 minutes, switching the position of the baking sheets halfway through. Transfer to racks and let cool slightly on the baking sheets.nMake the glaze: Combine the confectioners sugar, butter, lemon juice and zest, milk, vanilla and salt in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave 45 seconds stir until smooth. Brush on the twists.nWarm 12 cup water and the milk in a saucepan over low heat until a thermometer registers 100 degrees F to 110 degrees F. Remove from the heat and sprinkle the yeast on top, then sprinkle with a pinch of the sugar set aside, undisturbed, until foamy, about 5 minutes.nWhisk the melted butter, egg yolk and vanilla into the yeast mixture until combined. In a large bowl, whisk the flour, the remaining sugar, the salt and nutmeg. Make a well in the center, then add the yeast mixture and stir with a wooden spoon to make a thick and slightly sticky dough. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until soft and elastic, about 6 minutes. Shape into a ball.nBrush a large bowl with butter. Add the dough, turning to coat lightly with the butter. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature until the dough is doubled in size, about 1 hour, 15 minutes.nTurn the dough out of the bowl and knead briefly to release excess air reform into a ball and return to the bowl. Lightly butter a large piece of plastic wrap and lay it directly on the surface of the dough. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 batch Basic SweetRoll Dough, recipe follows, 1 cup canned poppy seed filling found in the baking aisle, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 12 cup whole milk, 1 14 ounce packet active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 14 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, plus more for brushing, 1 large egg yolk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg optional], title: Poppy SeedLemon Twists, picturelink: G1KXhc07gAH7R8KPO7JzWU60KBIN86}, 49277: {instructions: In a small bowl combine salt, sugar, tobarashi, and pulverized nori. Stir in tuna to coat, cover and refrigerate about 2 hours to lightly cure. Divide into 8 even portions and place on flat bamboo spoons. Drizzle with ginger soy syrup.nMings Ginger Soy SyrupnIn a pan lightly coated with oil, combine garlic, ginger, and scallions over medium heat, season with salt and pepper, and let sweat. Deglaze pan with soy sauce, honey and lime juice. Let reduce by 30 percent to 40 percent until the mixture becomes a syrup, about 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool and transfer to a bottle. Store in the refrigerator.nYield: about 2 cups or 32 servings of 1 tablespoon eachnRecipe courtesy Ming Tsai: ., ingredients: [1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon tobarashi Japanese 7spice, 1 teaspoon nori from about 1 seaweed sheet used to wrap sushi, such as from a package of 10 yakinori, pulverized, 4 ounces ahi tuna sashimi or sushi grade finely diced into 116thinch cubes, 1 tablespoon Ming Tsais Ginger Soy Syrup, recipe follows, 8 mini 312 to 4inch bamboo spoons see www.montessoriservices.comstore, Grapeseed oil as needed to lightly coat pan, 3 tablespoons minced garlic about 6 to 9 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons peeled minced fresh garlic root about a 1 12 to 2inch piece, 1 bunch scallions white and tender green parts only, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup naturally brewed soy sauce, 1 cup honey, 2 limes, juiced], title: NoriCured Ahi Tuna on Bamboo Spoon, picturelink: null}, 49278: {instructions: Adjust rack to uppermiddle position and heat oven to 400 degrees F.nMix eggs, mustard, thyme, salt, and pepper in a shallow dish. Put Melba toast crumbs in another shallow dish. Set a large wire rack over an 18 by 12inch foillined jellyroll pan.nUsing 1 hand for dry ingredients and the other for wet, lay chicken pieces, 4 at a time, in egg mixture, roll to coat. Then lay 1 piece at a time in Melba crumbs. Press a mix of crumbs into top of chicken. Turn piece over and repeat, pressing crumbs into other side. Gently shake off excess.nSet chicken on rack. Spray top portion of chicken pieces evenly with oil. Bake until chicken is nutty brown and juices run clear, 30 minutes for drumsticks and 35 minutes for thighs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large eggs, beaten lightly, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 package 5 14 ounces plain Melba toast, pulsed to sand and pebble texture, 4 drumsticks and 4 thighs, skin removed, Spray bottle filled with vegetable oil or vegetable oil cooking spray], title: OvenFried Chicken Thats as Good as Fried, picturelink: null}, 49279: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: About 20 small paper cups and icepop sticksnPut the mango, condensed milk, ginger, cardamom and lime zest and juice in a blender and puree until smooth. Distribute the mixture among the paper cups, add the icepop sticks and freeze until firm, at least 6 hours., ingredients: [One 16ounce bag frozen mango chunks, thawed, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon cardamom, Grated zest and juice of 1 lime], title: Mango Lassi Ice Pops, picturelink: MNOBWoRknnych.A6JNjIszDligOG5SO}, 49280: {instructions: Place the cream in a small pot and reduce by half by gently simmering 20 minutes.nHeat a medium skillet with olive oil over medium heat, add onions and garlic, season with salt and pepper and saute until translucent, 6 to 7 minutes. Drain the spinach by wringing dry in clean kitchen towel. Separate the spinach with your hands and add to onions and garlic. Season spinach with nutmeg then stir in the reduced cream. Adjust flavor with salt and pepper.nPreheat broiler.nTrim the tops off tomatoes and scoop out the seeds. Stuff tomatoes with creamed spinach and top each with 14 cup blue cheese. Broil to brown the cheese. Garnish the tomatoes with chives., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 boxes chopped frozen spinach, defrosted, A few grates nutmeg, 2 large beefsteak tomatoes, 12 cup blue cheese crumbles, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Creamed Spinach Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: 5ilwtyE3341fORf.8NtpICqPef.sRK}, 49281: {instructions: In a 6quart stock pot heat the olive oil and the carrots, fennel, leek, celery, thyme, rosemary, bay leaf, garlic, and orange peel. Cook while stirring for 5 minutes. Add the wine, tomato paste, fish stock, and saffron. Bring to a simmer and cook for 8 minutes.nBegin adding the seafood: first the clams cook for 1 minute and then the white fish cook for another minute. Then the shrimp, mussels, calamari, scallops, and lobster tails. Add the liqueur and chopped tomatoes. Simmer for 8 minutes.nPlace in large soup tureen or serve in individual dishes with garlic toast and rouille.nPut all ingredients except olive oil in a blender and whip at low speed until smooth. Slowly add the olive oil in a steady stream, forming a mayonnaiselike emulsion. Serve in a small bowl., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 carrots, cut into julienne, 1 bulb fresh fennel, cut into julienne, 1 leek, cut into julienne, 1 rib celery, cut into julienne, 1 sprig thyme, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 10 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 1 strip dried orange peel, 2 cups dry white wine, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 quart fish stock or clam juice, 6 pinches of saffron threads, 8 small clams cleaned, 1 pound fresh white fish of your choice, cut into 1inch cubes, 16 large shrimp peeled and veined, 1 pound mussels cleaned, 8 ounces calamari cleaned, 16 large scallops, 2 6ounce lobster tails cut into thirds, 2 ounces anise flavored liqueur, such as Pernod, 1 pound ripe tomatoes, seeded and roughly chopped, Garlic toast, as an accompaniment, Rouille, as a garnish, recipe follows, 2 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon anise flavored liqueur, such as Pernod, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small dried chile pepper, 1 pinch saffron, 2 teaspoons olive oil], title: Bouillabaisse, picturelink: null}, 49282: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a standard 12cup muffin tin with paper liners. Spread the wheat bran evenly on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until fragrant and toasted, about 8 minutes. Remove the bran from the oven and increase the heat to 450 degrees.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the toasted bran, graham flour, allpurpose flour, baking powder, cinnamon, salt and cloves. In a large bowl, whisk together the molasses, vegetable oil, dark brown sugar and eggs. Stir in the buttermilk, raisins and ginger.nGently stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients, just until everything is evenly moistened. Dont overdo it.nDivide the batter evenly among the prepared cups. Transfer to the oven and immediately reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake until the tops are nice and puffed and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with moist crumbs attached, 22 to 25 minutes. Transfer the muffins to a rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup wheat bran, 12 cup graham or whole wheat flour, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 34 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 34 cup buttermilk, 14 cup raisins, 3 tablespoons minced fresh ginger], title: Gingerbread Bran Muffins, picturelink: z.aEiXVW2ixP4R4Jpsnj7AERBS7ZTa}, 49283: {instructions: Rinse lentils and drain. Place lentils, onions and bay leaf in medium large saucepan with enough water to cover by 1inch. Bring to a simmer over medium heat then reduce heat to very low, cover, and cook very gently 20 minutes. Uncover, stir in salt, and add water if necessary to just cover the lentils. Continue cooking gently, covered, 10 to 25 minutes until lentils are just cooked through creamy, not floury in the center, but not mushy either.nFrozen pearl onions are a super easy way to introduce a savory note to legumes as they are cooking. Lentils are the quickest cooking member of the legume family and need no soaking since the seed coat is very thin., ingredients: [2 cups brown or green lentils, 12ounce package frozen pearl onions, 1 bay leaf, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Lentils with Pearl Onions, picturelink: null}, 49284: {instructions: Melt 1 12 tablespoons of the butter in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the carrot, leek, and celery. Season with salt and pepper. Cook gently, stirring often, until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from heat and cool.nPreheat the toaster oven to 425 degrees F. Cut out a 13 by 15inch parchment paper rectangle. Fold in half crosswise. Unfold and brush the whole rectangle lightly with some oil. Lay the fillets on one half of the parchment, skinned side down, and season with salt and pepper. Drain the vegetables of as much liquid as possible and divide among the fillets. Drizzle with the lemon juice. Top each vegetable mound with 1 teaspoon butter and drizzle each with 1 teaspoon of the truffle oil.nFold the other half of the paper over the fillets and, starting with the top, make 14inch folds all around the perimeters and press to crimp and seal. Close the final crimp with a paper clip. Place the packet on a baking sheet and bake until puffed and lightly browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a warmed serving plate and serve at once, preferably while the packet is still puffed., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 2 carrots, julienned, 1 large leek, julienned, 1 celery rib, julienned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 2 thin fish fillets, no thicker than 13 inch, such as pompano or flounder, about 6 ounces each, skin removed, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons white truffle oil], title: Fish en Papillote with Julienned Vegetables and Truffle Oil, picturelink: null}, 49285: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl add lime juice, chili flakes, rice wine vinegar, sugar, and extravirgin olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and whisk to combine.nCombine the jicama, carrots, cabbage and onion, cucumber, red pepper and cilantro in large bowl and toss.nAdd dressing to vegetables and let sit for 15 minutes, stirring 2 or 3 times. Serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons lime juice, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 6 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 12 cups peeled, julienned jicama, 1 cup, peeled, julienned carrots, 1 cup shredded napa cabbage, 12 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1 cup julienned English cucumber, 12 cup julienned red bell pepper, 1 tablespoon cilantro, chopped], title: Jicama Slaw, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 49286: {instructions: To make roux, heat the oil in heavy skillet until very hot. Add the flour a little at a time, stirring constantly, until it forms a paste. Lower heat and continue to stir until dark brown, do not burnnTurn off heat and continue to stir until mixture stops bubbling.nFill large pot half full with water. Season the chicken with the garlic powder, black pepper, red pepper and salt. Add the chicken, basil, rosemary, green pepper, celery, onion, sausage, crab legs and roux to the pot. Bring to full boil, stirring constantly to keep roux from sticking to bottom.nReduce heat and simmer until the chicken is tender, about 2 12 hours. Add the shrimp, simmer about 30 minutes longer. Add the oysters and cook 5 minutes more. Serve with rice or crackers., ingredients: [1 cup cooking oil, 2 12 cups flour, 2 stewing chickens, 3 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 1 teaspoon red pepper, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons dried basil, 2 tablespoons dried rosemary, 2 or 3 cans oysters, Cooked rice or crackers, as an accompaniment, 1 cup green pepper, diced, 1 cup celery, diced, 1 cup onion, chopped, 3 pounds smoked sausage, sliced in thin pieces, 2 pounds crab legs, 1 pound shrimp, cleaned and deveined], title: Jordan Babineauxs Gumbo Texas Style, picturelink: null}, 49287: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a stand mixer or large bowl using a hand mixer, blend the butter, both sugars, vanilla and eggs. In a medium bowl, stir together the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt. Gradually add the flour mixture into the butter mixture and blend until combined. Stir in the chocolate chips, coconut and pecans.nDrop the dough by tablespoonfuls onto the prepared baking sheets, 12 cookies per sheet, and bake 8 to 10 minutes. Cool on a baking rack., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, softened, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa, such as Hersheys, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch salt, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup shredded sweetened coconut, such as Bakers Angel Flake Coconut, 1 cup chopped pecans], title: Sunnys German Chocolate Cake Cookies, picturelink: 2xpZwcbD70mGSvvRf075B0RNdW9nAa}, 49288: {instructions: Special equipment: La Caja China Box Model 1 or Model 2, heavyduty silicone grill mitts to protect hands when handling hot Caja China Box and parts.nMake marinade: peel and mash the garlic cloves. Mix all the ingredients together in a bowl. Let stand for a minimum of 1 hour. Strain marinade and then inject the marinade into the pig. Let marinate overnight, in the refrigerator, for best results.nOpen the pork by the belly, but do not cut or poke holes into the upper or side skin. Place the grease tray inside the Caja China. Tie the pig in between the grids, on its back, and place in the grease tray. Close the Caja China with the ash pan and charcoal grid. Allow 4 inches of separation between the roast and the ash pan. We recommend the pork be at room temperature at the time of roasting.nPrepare the charcoal: we recommend Kingsford Charcoal because it lights faster, burns evenly, and lasts longer. Never use instant charcoal. Start with 14 pounds of charcoal for Caja China Model 1 and 16 pounds for Model 2. Place the charcoal into 2 piles of equal size, on each end of the charcoal tray. Never place charcoal on center of tray. Add lighter fluid and light.nWhen the charcoal is lit for 15 minutes, distribute it evenly throughout the tray. Once this process is completed, roast pork for 3 hours, without opening the Caja China. Add more charcoal after 1 hour and distribute evenly throughout the tray. After 3 hours, wearing heavyduty silicone mitts, remove the charcoal tray, ash pan, and dump the ashes. Then turn the pork over and cut into the skin, every 4 to 6 inches. Place the ash pan and charcoal tray, filled with new charcoal, back into position and continue the roasting process. Check the skin after 20 minutes, slightly opening the box by 1 of the corners. You can continue this process until the skins crispness is to your liking. For a pig this large, it will probably require a full hour on its second side.nRemove the pork from the Caja China. Deposit the contents of the grease tray into a container, let cool, and discard with trash. You can slice the pork with a plate it is not necessary to use a knife., ingredients: [1 garlic head, 6 ounces orange juice, 2 ounces lemon juice, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chopped oregano leaves, 3 teaspoons salt, 4 ounces water, 1 75pound pig], title: Mojo Criollo Roasted Pig, picturelink: EB95ZPcJX5nHYX7coKymhB.rMQPhB6}, 49289: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until softened but not browned, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the wine and lemon juice and cook for another 2 minutes. As the sauce thickens, add the shrimp and cook for about 1 to 2 minutes making sure not to overcook them. As a final touch, add the parsley and season with salt and pepper.nTo make the garlic bread, slice the bread lengthwise. Spread the butter over the cut side of the bread. Spread the minced garlic evenly over the butter and sprinkle the parsley and paprika over the top. Bake in the oven for about 4 minutes until lightly browned.nTo serve, cook your favorite pasta and top with shrimp and sauce. Garnish with lemon slices, chopped parsley, and slices of garlic bread., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 4 tablespoons minced garlic, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 8 sprigs parsley, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, Lemon slices, as a garnish, 1 loaf Italian bread, 4 ounces butter, melted, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 sprigs parsley, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon paprika, Serving suggestion: pasta], title: Shrimp Scampi Firemen Style, picturelink: null}, 49290: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the remaining 2 tablespoons salt and the white and black pepper. Rub the inside and outside of the turkey with the saltandpepper mixture. Fill the large cavity and neck cavity with as much stuffing as they hold comfortably. Do not pack tightly, or the stuffing will not cook through. If all the stuffing does not fit, simply transfer the extra to a buttered baking dish, and bake covered, for 30 minutes and uncovered for 15 minutes more in a preheated 375 degree F oven. Tie the legs together loosely with kitchen twine. Fold the neck flap under, and secure with toothpicks. Place the turkey, breast side up, on a roasting rack in a heavy metal roasting pan. Fold the wing tips under the turkey. Soak a clean kitchen towel in the chicken stock. Lift the towel out of the stock, and squeeze it slightly, leaving it very damp. Spread it evenly over the turkey. Place the turkey in the oven so breast is facing the front of the oven. Roast for 3 hours, basting every 30 minutes. Carefully remove the towel. Turn roasting pan so the breast is facing the back of the oven. Baste turkey with pan juices. The skin gets fragile as it browns, so baste carefully. Add onions, carrots, celery, and parsley stems to the roasting pan around the turkey. Roast 1 hour more, basting after 30 minutes. Insert an instantread thermometer into the thickest part of the thigh. Do not poke into a bone. The temperature should reach 165 degrees F and the turkey should be golden brown. The breast does not need to be checked for temperature. If the legs are not fully cooked, baste the turkey, return to the oven, and cook for 15 to 20 minutes. When fully cooked, remove the turkey from the oven, and let it rest, covered, for at least 20 minutes. Transfer to a carving board. Make the gravy, and serve with turkey.nBrining a Turkey:nIn a pot large enough to accommodate the turkey, combine 2 gallons water, the bourbon, 2 cups salt, and the sugar. Stir to dissolve salt and sugar. Add turkey, and refrigerate for 18 to 36 hours. Remove turkey from the brine, and dry well with paper towels. Let stand, covered, at room temperature for 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Place cornbread cubes on a baking sheet in a single layer. Bake until dry, about 20 minutes set aside. In a large saute pan over medium heat, cook sausage until its no longer pink. Transfer to a small bowl set aside. Melt butter in the same saute pan. Add onion and celery, and cook over medium heat until translucent, 10 to 15 minutes. Add apples and cranberries, stir to combine, and cook 5 minutes. Add halfandhalf, and cook, stirring for 3 minutes. Add sage, and remove from heat. Transfer to a large bowl. Add cornbread and sausage stir to combine. Let cool completely before stuffing the turkey, or store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 days. Yield: enough stuffing for a 12 to 15 pound turkey. Cornbread: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, for baking pan 1 12 cups coarse yellow cornmeal 12 cup allpurpose flour 1 12 teaspoons baking powder 1 teaspoon coarse salt 1 14 cups milk 1 tablespoon molasses 1 large egg Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter an 8 by 8inch baking pan. In a medium bowl, sift together cornmeal, flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. In a small bowl, combine milk, molasses, and egg. Add to the dry ingredients, and mix well. Pour batter into prepared baking pan, and bake until golden brown and a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack. When cool, gently run a knife around pan unmold. Yield: 1 8inch pannWhen turkey is fully cooked and has been removed from the roasting pan, place the pan over medium heat. Add chicken stock. Bring liquid to a boil, scraping the crisp bits from the bottom and sides with a wooden spoon. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring, for 10 minutes. Strain through a fine sieve into a glass measuring cup. Let stand until fat rises to the surface, about 10 minutes, then skim it off and reserve. Transfer defatted stock mixture to a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. In a second saucepan over medium heat, add melted butter and enough reserved fat to make 13 cup. Add flour, and cook, stirring constantly, until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove half of this mixture from the saucepan, and set aside. Whisk in the simmering stock mixture. If a thicker gravy is desired, add more of the reserved flour mixture, a little bit at a time, until thickened. Continue to cook over low heat for 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Season with salt and pepper. Yield: 10 to 12 servings, ingredients: [1 12 to 15pound brined turkey, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon freshly ground white pepper, Cornbread, Apple, and Sausage Stuffing, recipe follows, 4 cups homemade chicken stock, or lowsodium canned, 2 medium onions, roughly chopped, 2 carrots, roughly chopped, 2 celery stalks, roughly chopped, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley stems about 1 bunch, Chriss Thanksgiving Gravy, for serving, recipe follows, optional, 2 gallons cold water, 2 cups bourbon, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 to 15pound turkey, giblets removed and rinsed, Cornbread, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 4 medium red onions, finely chopped, 8 celery stalks, finely chopped, 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and chopped, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 12 cup chopped fresh sage, 5 cups homemade chicken stock, or lowsodium canned, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 13 cup allpurpose flour, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Roasting a Turkey, picturelink: null}, 49291: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the sweet potatoes on the oven rack and bake until forktender, about 45 minutes. When the potatoes are finished cooking, let cool slightly, about 5 minutes. Slice them open lengthwise and scrape out the flesh with a fork into a large bowl. Increase the oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nAdd the granulated sugar, milk, eggs, vanilla and salt to the bowl with the sweet potatoes. Mash the mixture with a potato masher until combined and slightly lumpyyou dont want it to be perfectly smooth.nNow, in a separate bowl, mash the brown sugar, pecans, flour and butter with a pastry cutter or fork until thoroughly combined. The mixture should resemble a crumble.nSpread the sweet potato mixture in a 14cup ovalshaped baking dish and sprinkle the crumb mixture all over the top. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes.nPhotographs by Kang Kim, ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes about 1 34 pounds, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup milk, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup pecans, chopped, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Soul Sweet Taters, picturelink: nuOE5jjz0CbnmmRbeAyLEGT0igIGG}, 49292: {instructions: Heat a deep fryer to 350 degrees F.nSaute mushrooms in a skillet with 1 tablespoon of olive oil until soft. Keep warm in pan.nSaute spinach in pan with 1 tablespoon of olive oil until soft. Keep warm in pan.nPeel potatoes. Cut off sides of potatoes. Add potatoes to a pot of boiling water with saffron, for color and taste. Boil until tender. Drain.nSeason the fish with white pepper and salt on both sides. Heat a nonstick skillet over high heat. Brush fish on both sides with olive oil. Add fish to skillet and sear on both sides, 3 minutes each side.nUsing only the white part of the leek, halve lengthwise. Take each half and julienne thinly. Wash and dry. Deep fry in hot oil for 1 to 2 minutes until crisp. Drain on paper towels.nPut spinach in center of plate. Put mushrooms on spinach. Put whitefish on top of mushrooms. Cover fish with Mousseline Mustard Sauce. Put 2 potatoes on side of plate. Put a small heap of leeks on top of fish.nCombine in a saucepan, shallots, white wine, vinegar, salt and pepper. Reduce to 10 percent of its original volume. When reduced, add heavy cream. Slowly whisk in soft butter, spoon by spoon. Fold in mustard. Adjust seasoning, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound shiitakes, Olive oil, 1 pound spinach leaves, rinsed, 8 medium sized potatoes, 1 tablespoon saffron, 4 fillets 7 to 8ounces Lake Superior jumbo whitefish, White pepper and salt, 1 leek, Mousseline Mustard Sauce, recipe follows, 4 medium shallots, chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon champagne vinegar, Pinch salt, Pinch white pepper, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 cup butter, softened, 2 tablespoon whole grain Dijon mustard], title: Seared Lake Superior Whitefish with a Mousseline Mustard Sauce over a Bed of Spinach and Mushrooms served with Saffron Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 49293: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the fish on one half of a sheet of parchment paper large enough to wrap the entire fish. Season the fish inside and out with salt and pepper. Tuck the herbs inside of the fish. Spread the potatoes, onion and tomatoes over and around the fish. Drizzle with the 3 tablespoons olive oil and the 12 cup wine and season again with salt and pepper. Fold the other half of the paper over the fish, double fold the edges and crimp. Place the package on a baking sheet and place in the center of the oven and bake for 25 minutes.nIn a saute pan, sweat shallots and garlic. Add the remaining 1 cup of wine and clam broth. Reduce by half. Toss pasta with reduction. Remove the package from the oven and cut it open with scissors. Let sit a few minutes.nDivide the pasta among 4 plates, then fillet the fish and divide it among the plates. Arrange several spoonfuls of the vegetables around the fish and ladle some of the juices over the fish and pasta. Drizzle with some of the cooking juices and extra virgin olive oil.nArugula Salad: Place arugula on a large platter. Squeeze lemon juice over and drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Place slices of cheese on top., ingredients: [1 sea bass about 2 pounds scaled and cleaned with head and tail on, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 fresh bay leaves, 8 sprigs parsley, 1 large potato, peeled, thinly sliced, 12 red onion, sliced paper thin, 8 cherry tomatoes, sliced in half, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup dry white wine, plus 1 cup wine, for sauce, 2 shallots, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups clam broth, 34 pound angel hair pasta, cooked al dente, Extra virgin olive oil, 12 pound arugula leaves, washed and dried, 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 ounces thinly shaved ParmigianoReggiano], title: Sea Bass with Potatoes and Tomatoes in Parchment with Angel Hair Pasta and Arugula Salad with Lemon and Olive Oil, picturelink: null}, 49294: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice the baguette into 14inch thick rounds, drizzle with oil, and season with salt and pepper. Spread on a baking sheet, and bake until crisp and lightly golden, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a rack and cool in a single layer.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onions and peppers and cook, stirring often, until onions are golden brown and peppers are tender.nSeason steak with salt and pepper. In another large skillet, heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil over mediumhigh heat. Add steak and cook about 6 minutes per side, or until an instantread meat thermometer registers 120 degrees F. Set aside to cool. Slice the steak paper thin a slicer is great for this. Keep warm until ready to assemble.nTo assemble:nLay a slice of meat on each slice of baguette toast and top with 1 teaspoon of caramelized onions and peppers and a drizzle of the cheese sauce. Serve.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved.nCheese Sauce:n3 tablespoons unsalted buttern3 tablespoons allpurpose flourn2 cups whole milkn1 tablespoon Dijon mustardn1 tablespoon drained prepared horseradishn1 teaspoon kosher saltn12 teaspoon sweet paprikan14 teaspoon cayenne peppernFreshly ground white peppernPinch freshly ground nutmegn1 cup grated yellow Cheddarn1 tablespoon grated ParmigianoReggianonMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the flour with a wooden spoon and cook stirring constantly in a figure 8, until pale yellow, about 1 minute. Slowly whisk in the milk and bring to a boil. Add the Dijon, horseradish, salt, paprika, cayenne, white pepper, and nutmeg. Reduce the heat to maintain a simmer and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the cheeses. Set aside and keep warm.nYield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [1 baguette, about 2 feet long, thin ends discarded, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, diced small, 1 small red bell pepper, diced small, 1 1inch thick NY strip steak, about 1 pound, Cheese Sauce, recipe follows], title: OpenFaced NY Strip Philly Cheese Steaks, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 49295: {instructions: For the Marinade:nSeason the meat with cumin and black pepper. Sear it in high heat until nicely browned on all sides in a hot skillet with a touch of canola oil. Reserve.nHeat the meat broth in a saucepan over low heat.nHeat a large soup pot on medium heat with the bacon in it. Stir. When the bacon is almost cooked, add the butter. Allow the buttter to melt. Now add the garlic, red onion, carrot, celery, and bay leaf. Turn up the heat to fairly high. Cook about 10 minutes or until the point where some caramelization has occurred. Now add the broth and the skirt steak. Bring to a boil. Skim off any impurities and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cook for 1 12 hours.nStrain off the broth through a fine strainer and reserve the meat in a bowl to cool slightly. Discard the vegetables.nReduce the cooking broth to a fairly intense consistency and reserve.nPlace each piece of meat on a cutting board and cover it with plastic wrap. Pound the meat with a hammer to cause the meat to separate into strands. Pull the meat apart and put it in a bowl.nMix the marinade ingredients together well and add them to the shredded meat. Allow the marinade to season the meat overnight in the refrigerator. The next day: Discard the marinade and allow the meat to warm up a little before cooking it for the second time.nHeat a large skillet. Add a little light cooking oil and fry the meat in it, stirring well, until crispy and brown. Season with salt and pepper. Reserve the meat in a bowl. Dress the shredded cooked strands of meat in a ratio of 17 ounces of meat to 5 ounces of the reduced broth. Reserve the extra broth to spoon around the hash cake. Reserve.nForm the hash cake in the bottom of each serving dish. Top with the Caramelized Onions and the cooked meat. Serve with more of the broth.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Peel, dice, and blanch the sweet potato, bonito, and yucca. Toss with the butter, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Oven roast until all are easily pierced with a small knife. Place them in a bowl.nSaute the bacon until it starts to crisp. Add the butter and vegetables and saute. Remove from the heat while still al dente.nMix together the roasted garlic, vinegar, parsley, and cilantro. Toss with the roasted potatoes and the sauteed vegetables. Reheat in the oven to order.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat. Add the olive oil and butter. When it begins to foam, add the onions and stir well once to coat. Now let it caramelize nicely, stirring and pushing the onions around only a little bit from time to time. When the onions are nicely colored, about 8 to 10 minutes, turn the heat down to medium and cook another 10 minutes.nNow sprinkle the sugar over them. Stir gently again and let cook for 1 minute. Now add the vinegar and stir 1 last time. Let reduce until almost no liquid remains, about 1 to 2 minutes. Season the onions and remove them to a bowl until needed. Keep warm., ingredients: [2 12 pounds skirt steak, cut into 4 to 5inch wide pieces with the grain, 3 tablespoons freshly toasted and ground cumin, 1 tablespoon freshly toasted and ground black pepper, Canola oil, 2 quarts meat broth, or beef stock, warmed, 2 ounces smoked bacon, rind removed, medium dice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced thinly, 1 large red onion, peeled and medium dice, 1 large carrot, peeled and medium dice, 2 stalks celery, washed and medium dice, 1 bay leaf, broken, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly toasted and ground cumin, 12 cup fresh lime juice, Hash Cake, recipe follows, Caramelized Red Onions, recipe follows, 3 large sweet potatoes, 3 large boniato, 3 large yucca, 14 cup butter, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces smoky bacon, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 yellow pepper, seeded and diced small, 1 red pepper, stems and seeds discarded, diced small, 1 poblano, stems and seeds discarded, diced small, 4 jalapenos, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 1 red onion, diced small, 12 cup roasted garlic, 14 cup sherry wine vinegar, 12 cup chopped Italian parsley, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 red onions, peeled and sliced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Vaca Frita with a Tropical Tuber Hash Cake and Caramelized Onions, picturelink: null}, 49296: {instructions: Remove any debris from the beans, then rinse and soak them overnight in cold water, refrigerated. Drain any remaining water after the soaking, before adding the beans to the soup pot.nIn a large soup pot with a heavy bottom, heat the olive oil. Add the ham hock to the oil and begin to brown. Add the onions, peppers, celery, chili, and cumin, and cook over medium heat until the vegetables wilt. Add the garlic and tomato paste and cook an additional 2 minutes, stirring to make sure you dont burn the tomato or garlic. Add the water and bring to a boil.nAdd the cleaned and soaked black beans, return to a boil, then lower to a simmer and cook 2 to 2 12 hours, or until the beans are tender. Remove the ham hock from the pot, let cool enough to handle, then strip the meat from the bone. Chop the meat coarsely and add back to the soup. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Add the sherry and cook 2 minutes more. Ladle into bowls and garnish each serving with 1 tablespoon sour cream and a sprinkling of scallions or chives., ingredients: [1 pound dried black turtle beans, 3 tablespoons pure olive oil, 12 pound smoked ham hock or other smoked pork, 3 medium white onions, chopped about 1 12 cups, 2 large sweet red peppers, chopped, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 14 cup tomato paste, 4 quarts cold water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 14 cup dry not cooking sherry, optional, Sour cream, Chopped scallions or chives], title: Cuban Black Bean Soup, picturelink: null}, 49297: {instructions: 1.Combine all ingredients except chicken in small bowl mix well. 2.Grill chicken 5 inches from heat for 12 to 15 minutes or until juices are clear when pierced, turning once and brushing frequently with prepared sauce. 3.Discard sauce after cooking., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Garlic  Herb Seasoning Blend, 12 cup apricot preserves, 2 tsp. Dijonstyle mustard, 2 tsp. honey, 1 tsp. vinegar, 1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breast halves], title: Chicken with Apricot Dijon Mustard, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 49298: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly grease a 9 by 13inch casserole dish.nFilling: Using a kitchen towel, squeeze off the excess liquid from the spinach. In a mediumsized bowl, mix together the spinach, feta, jalapenos, and yogurt. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, mix together the milk and grits. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine the onion, turkey, eggs, Worcestershire, parsley, stock, salt, pepper, and the grits. Mix until well combined. Transfer half of the mixture to the casserole dish and shape it into a mediumsized log. Using your fingers, make an indentation in the meat for the filling. This should resemble a canoe. Add the filling to the indentation and top with the remaining meat. Form the meatloaf, being sure to cover the filling completely with meat. Pour the tomato sauce over the meatloaf. Bake in the oven until the internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 55 to 60 minutes. Remove the meatloaf from the oven and let it rest for 10 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [Oil, for greasing dish, 1 10ounce box chopped spinach, thawed and drained, 12 cup crumbled feta, 12 cup seeded and finely chopped red jalapeno, 2 tablespoons yogurt, 34 cup cold milk, 12 cup quickcooking grits, 1 onion, diced, 2 12 pounds ground turkey, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce], title: Stuffed Turkey Meatloaf, picturelink: tHHjzcPBLsQx4EabW63Nn4j3WiU.WEe}, 49299: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the hops oil: Fill a glass bottle to the top with the hops, about 4 cups depending on the size of the bottle. Zest and juice 10 of the lemons and reserve for the citrus shallot dressing. Juice the remaining 2 lemons and reserve 12 cup juice for the hummus. Slice the lemon rinds and add them to the bottle. Add the olive oil until the bottle is full. Turn the bottle upside down so the hops and rinds float upwards, infusing the oil. The longer the oil sits, the stronger the flavor. Infuse for a minimum of 48 hours, turning the bottle several times a day.nFor the hummus: Pour the beans into a large stockpot. Cover with cold water until the water line is about 3 inches above the beans. Partially cover the stockpot with a lid and bring the water to a boil over mediumlow heat. Simmer the beans slowly so they dont crack and break, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. If the water has been completely absorbed but the beans dont seem tender, add a bit of warm water and continue cooking to the desired texture. Drain any excess water and pour the beans onto a cookie sheet in an even layer to cool.nFor the citrus shallot dressing: Add the orange zest and juice to a mixing bowl with the reserved zest and juice of 10 lemons. Add the olive oil and shallots and use a whisk or blender to mix together. Refrigerate until using.nTo finish the hummus, puree the basil and garlic in a blender or food processor. Add the cooled beans and process. While the blender is running, gradually add the reserved 12 cup lemon juice and the olive oil. Add salt and pepper to taste. Refrigerate until using.nFor the roasted red bell peppers: Roast the peppers by placing them on an open gas flame, turning them frequently with tongs, until all sides are charred black, 7 to 10 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes. Peel the peppers, removing the skins, seeds and stems. Dice the peppers, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt. Set aside.nFor the sandwiches: Prepare a grill to mediumhigh heat.nDrizzle olive oil over the asparagus spears and red onion slices. Season with salt and pepper. Grill the vegetables about 1 minute per side. Grill each side of the ciabatta halves until lightly browned.nTo assemble: Spread a small amount of hummus in the middle of each plate to keep the sandwich from sliding around when fully assembled. Place a grilled ciabatta half on top of the hummus and spread a generous amount of hummus on top of each ciabatta half, about 14 cup. Add some roasted red bell peppers and grilled red onions.nIn a small bowl, toss the arugula in the citrus shallot dressing. Pile up some arugula on top of each bread piece, followed by 4 spears of grilled asparagus. Finish with the pear tomatoes and sliced Fresno chiles. Lightly drizzle the hops oil over the sandwiches. Season with salt and coarsely ground black pepper., ingredients: [About 4 cups fresh hops see Cooks Note, 12 whole lemons zest, rinds and juice will be used throughout the recipe, About 3 12 cups olive oil, 1 12 cups dried Great Northern white beans, 1 cup tightly packed fresh basil, 5 garlic cloves, 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, Zest and juice of 10 oranges, 1 cup olive oil, 5 shallots, finely diced, 4 red bell peppers, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt, Olive oil, for drizzling, 40 spears asparagus, trimmed 4 per sandwich, 1 red onion, sliced into 14inch rounds, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 5 whole ciabatta loaves, sliced in half lengthwise, 2 12 cups arugula, 40 pear tomatoes, sliced in half, 2 Fresno chiles, seeded and thinly sliced into rounds], title: OpenFaced Asparagus Sandwich, picturelink: TbdAyZ1NU1wjPeygFcG8U3tqZTlnH6}, 49300: {instructions: Special equipment: Pastry bag fitted with small, round tip cookie cutters in the shape of gingerbread men and women, dreidels, Christmas tree ornaments, and snowflakes wire, string or yarn for stringingnMake the Gingerbread: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and mix. Add the eggs and mix. Add the molasses and vanilla and mix.nSift the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, and cloves together. Working in batches and mixing after each addition until just combined, add the dry ingredients to the buttersugar mixture. Shape the dough into a thick disk, wrap in waxed paper, and refrigerate 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease 1 or 2 cookie sheets. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough out 14inch thick and cut out with desired cookie cutters.nTo make the Royal Icing: In a mixer, blend the confectioners sugar, milk, and egg white together. Add more sugar to get a pipeable consistency.nTo make Gingerbread Men and Women: Use gingerbread man and woman cookie cutters and cut out the cookies, rerolling the scraps as needed. Decorate them with raisins and white chocolate chips for eyes, nose, mouth, and buttons down the front. Bake until firm, 8 to 10 minutes, and let cool on the pan.nMeanwhile, add some festive colors to your icing with food coloring and lay out colored sugars in small glass bowls with spoons. Using a pastry bag fitted with the smallest plain tip, pipe a few colorful borders or white borders and coat with sanding sugar. When set, add more lines of icing in white.nTo make snowflakes: Use a snowflakeshaped cookie cutter to cut out the cookies, rerolling the scraps as needed. If you plan to hang the cookies, use a toothpick to make holes in the cookies about 18inch wide, keeping in mind that the holes will shrink as the cookies bake and puff up a bit. Bake until firm, 8 to 10 minutes, and let cool on the pan. Using only white icing and a pastry bag fitted with the smallest plain tip, pipe thin lines from the center of the cookie out to the points, like spokes of a wheel. Connect the spokes with thin lines between them, making a spiderweb effect to give it the look of a snowflake. Let the icing harden before threading the cookies onto wire, string, or yarn for hanging.nTo make ornaments: Use any holidaythemed cookie cutter to cut out the cookies, rerolling the scraps as needed. If you plan to hang the cookies, use a toothpick to make holes in the cookies about 18inch wide, keeping in mind that the holes will shrink as the cookies bake and puff up a bit. Bake until firm, 8 to 10 minutes, and let cool on the pan. Meanwhile, color some of your icing in festive colors with food coloring, or use colored sugars. Using a pastry bag fitted with the smallest plain tip, pipe a few colorful borders and decorations on the cookies. When set, add more lines of icing in white. Let the icing harden before threading the cookies onto wire, string, or yarn for hanging.nTo make dreidel trios: Use a dreidel cookie cutter and cut out 3 cookies. Lay 1 on a greased sheet pan. Fanning out at an angle, with the handles overlapping at the top, lay 2 more dreidels next to the first one it will look like a paperdoll effect. The handle is now 3 layers thick press on it gently to thin it slightly and make it larger. Repeat with the remaining dough, rerolling the scraps as needed.nIf you plan to hang the cookies, use a toothpick to make a hole in the cookies about 18inch wide, keeping in mind that the hole will shrink as the cookies bake and puff up a bit. Bake until firm, 8 to 10 minutes, and let cool on the pan. Color some of your icing blue with food coloring, or use blue colored sugar and white icing together. Using a pastry bag fitted with a small plain tip, pipe Hebrew letters or stars of David on the cookies faces. Let the icing harden before threading the cookies onto wire, string, or yarn for hanging., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 egg, 12 cup dark molasses not blackstrap, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 14 cups cake flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 cups or more confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon egg white See Disclaimer, Raisins, as needed, White chocolate chips, as needed, Various food coloring, Various colors of sanding sugar], title: Gingerbread People Holiday Cookie Projects: White Snowflakes, Dreidel Trios and Ornaments, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 49301: {instructions: Marinate the duck breast with fivespice powder, ginger root, scallions, salt and pepper for at least 6 hours or overnight, covered and refrigerated.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Heat skillet on moderately high heat, do not add any oil. Sear duck breast skin side down, brown both sides. Transfer duck to oven proof plate and cook the duck in the oven for 10 minutes for medium rare. Pour off grease from the skillet, add plum wine, add duck stock, season with salt and pepper and reduce the sauce to 1 cup. Then incorporate the butter into the sauce and set aside and keep warm. Remove duck from oven let it sit for 5 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [10 ounces boneless duck breast, with skin, 1 teaspoon fivespice powder, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger root, 3 scallion heads white part only, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, 2 cups duck stock or canned chicken stock, 1 cup plum wine, 1 ounce unsalted butter], title: Seared FiveSpice Duck Beast with Plum Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49302: {instructions: For the crust: Lightly grease a 9 by 13inch cake pan. Put all of the nuts and the salt in the food processor and blend to a fine consistency. Add 1 cup of coconut butter, 1 cup agave syrup, and the raw cocoa powder and mix together. Press nut mixture into the prepared pan.nFor the filling: Combine all ingredients and whip with a hand mixer until smooth. Pour the filling on top of the crust and smooth over.nPut in refrigerator for 2 hours or until firm., ingredients: [1 cup each pecans, walnuts, and almonds, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup raw cocoa powder, 1 cup agave syrup, 1 cup coconut butter, 1 cup coconut butter, 2 super ripe avocados, 2 bananas, 1 cup raw cocoa powder, 1 cup agave syrup, 1 cup almond milk], title: Raw Chocolate Cake, picturelink: yjiCezt8q1YYbQAhyND7yp5nYycVju}, 49303: {instructions: Heat the oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Sweat the shallots until translucent and without any color, 1 to 2 minutes, and then add the garlic and cook 1 minute longer. Pour in the wine and bring to a simmer before adding the mussels. Cover tightly with a lid and steam until the mussels open, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the mussels from the pot to avoid overcooking, and discard any that do not open. Serve alongside the cooking liquid., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 shallots, finely diced, 6 garlic cloves, 1 cup white wine, 1 pound mussels, cleaned and debearded], title: Steamed Mussels, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 49304: {instructions: In a blender combine yolks, pepper and 1 tablespoon lemon juice.nIn a small saucepan heat the clarified butter until bubbling hot.nCover the blender and blend the yolk mixture on high speed for several seconds. Either remove center cap of blender lid or carefully remove lid with blender still running. Pour hot clarified butter in a thin stream into whirring egg mixture. As sauce thickens add a tablespoon of hot water at a time to help prevent the sauce from thickening too much.nTaste the sauce and adjust the seasoning with lemon juice, salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 egg yolks, Salt and pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 sticks unsalted butter, clarified, Hot water, to thin sauce accordingly], title: Blender Hollandaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49305: {instructions: Combine the lime juice, honey, cilantro and salt together in a small bowl and whisk until thoroughly combined.nIn a large bowl, combine the cantaloupe, honeydew and watermelon. Add the honeylime mixture and toss to coat evenly. Garnish with additional cilantro, if desired. Chill the salad in the refrigerator until serving., ingredients: [14 cup fresh lime juice about 2 limes, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro could swap for mint, plus more for garnish, optional, Pinch kosher salt, 2 cups cantaloupe balls, from about 1 cantaloupe, 2 cups honeydew balls, from about 1 honeydew, 2 cups watermelon balls, from about half a watermelon], title: Mixed Melon Salad with Cilantro and Lime, picturelink: null}, 49306: {instructions: Special equipment: a small offset spatulanMake the cookies: Whisk together the flour, ginger, cinnamon, black pepper, salt, baking soda, allspice, nutmeg, cayenne, and baking powder in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes scrape down the sides of the bowl, as needed. Beat in the molasses until combined, then the egg the mixture will look curdled. Add the flour mixture and beat on low speed until the dough comes together. Divide the dough in 2 pieces, flatten each half into a disk and wrap each disk in plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 2 hours or up to overnight.nPosition 2 racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nKeeping one disk refrigerated, roll the other disk on a wellfloured work surface to 14 inch thick, sprinkling flour on and under the dough as needed and sliding a spatula underneath every so often to prevent sticking If the dough looks crackly or breaks apart, press it back together from the outside edge in. Using cookie cutters, cut out gingerbread shapes as close together as possible. Pull away the extra dough around each shape then use a small offset spatula to transfer the shapes to the prepared cookie sheets, spacing them 1 inch apart. Reroll the scraps and cut out more cookies. Freeze the cookies until firm, about 15 minutes.nBake the cookies, rotating the baking sheets from top to bottom and from front to back halfway through cooking, until they are slightly firm to the touch but not browned at the edges, about 12 minutes. Repeat the rolling, cutting and baking with the remaining dough disk.nCool the cookies for 5 minutes on the baking sheet then transfer them to a cooling rack to cool completely, about 20 minutes The cookies will continue to firm as they cool.nMake the icing: Combine the confectioners sugar, meringue powder and 3 tablespoons water in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer on low speed until the frosting thickens, trying not to incorporate too much air. The icing should be pure white and thick, but not fluffy and bubbly.nScrape the icing into a resealable plastic bag and snip the corner to the desired size. Pipe the icing onto the cookies to decorate, as desired, sticking the candy onto the icing while it is still wet. Let the cookies stand at room temperature until the icing hardens, at least 1 hour., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting and rolling see Cooks Note, 3 tablespoons ground ginger, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter cut into 1inch pieces, at room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup molasses, 1 large egg, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup meringue powder egg white powder, Cinnamon candies, such as Red Hots, chocolate chips, raisins or other candies for decorating], title: The Spiciest Gingerbread Cookies Ever, picturelink: gzmsrE51p9ScWQRTTW5iCta5Wn8o9hm}, 49307: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLay the bacon strips on a roasting rack and bake in the oven until crisp, about 20 minutes. To make bacon curls: Wrap each slice of raw bacon around a metal skewer in a barberpole fashion and lay the skewers on the roasting rack. Pat dry with a paper towel. When cool enough to handle, break into pieces or in half, if using curls.nPut the egg in a small saucepan with enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, cover, and remove from the heat. Set aside for 10 minutes. Drain the egg and roll it between your palm and the counter to crack the shell, then peel under cool running water. Rub the egg through a finemesh strainer and set aside.nRemove the large outer leaves from the romaine hearts and rinse. Chop these leaves into bitesize pieces and spin dry. Use an extremely sharp knife to minimize bruising the edges. Halve the hearts through the cores to make 4 wedges. Rinse under cold running water and shake to air dry.nDivide the wedges among 4 plates. Mound some of the chopped romaine on top and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon about 14 cup of Blue Cheese Dressing over each salad and top with some of the sieved egg and bacon. Pass the remaining dressing at the table.nPulse the mayonnaise, blue cheese, buttermilk, shallot, lemon zest, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and celery seeds in a food processor to make a chunky but pourable sauce. Stir in the parsley and season with plenty of pepper. Use immediately or refrigerate in a tightly sealed container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [8 strips goodquality bacon, 1 large egg, 2 hearts romaine lettuce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Blue Cheese Dressing, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese about 4 ounces, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 shallot, peeled, 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon celery seeds, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Hearts of Romaine with Blue Cheese and Bacon, picturelink: lnC9qciRfCLeUCIq0zkZIGv5sLwx3h2}, 49308: {instructions: Stir sugar and water in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat boil until syrup turns deep amber, occasionally brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush and swirling pan. Remove from heat. Add vinegar mixture will bubble vigorously, orange juice, and shallots. Bring mixture to a boil, stirring, and simmer until reduced to 34 cup. Add demiglace. Reduce to 1 cup. Strain through fine sieve. Correct seasoning by adding orange liqueur, lemon juice, salt, and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Set aside. Using small knife, cut off peel and white pith from 2 oranges. Working over bowl, cut between membranes to release segments. Sauce and oranges can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover separately chill. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Using sharp knife, score duck skin do not pierce meat in crosshatch pattern. Sprinkle duck with salt and pepper and pat dry. Heat large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Place duck breasts skin down in skillet and cook until brown and crisp, about 8 minutes. Turn duck and cook 2 minutes more. Roast in oven for 7 minutes if using Muscovy duck breast or 10 minutes if using Magret duck breasts. Transfer to cutting board and let stand 10 minutes. Meanwhile, bring sauce to simmer, whisk in butter 1 tablespoon at a time and then the 1 tablespoon grated orange peel whisk just until butter melts. Drain orange segments and mix into sauce. Set aside. Slice duck breasts crosswise on diagonal. Arrange on 6 plates. Spoon orange segments with sauce alongside. Sprinkle with remaining peel. Wine Suggestions: Red Burgundy: SavignyLesBeaune Premier Cru by Maurice Ecard Louis Jadot, ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 14 cup sherry wine vinegar, or red wine vinegar, 2 cups fresh orange juice, 14 cup minced shallots, 1 12 cups diluted duck demiglace a 6 12ounce container stirred together with 3 tablespoons water, Orange flavored liqueur, Lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large oranges, 3 1 pound boneless Muscovy or Magret duck breast halves, thawed if frozen, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons julienned orange zest], title: Duck a Lorange, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 49309: {instructions: Put the masa harina in a bowl and mix in the salt. Add about 1 cup warm water and mix with your hands add more water as needed until the dough comes together. Add the honey and smear it into the dough. Knead for a few minutes to smooth the dough out. The dough should be firm and springy and should not stick to your hands. Test by forming a small disk, if it cracks around the edges you need more water.nPlace a piece of heavy plastic like from a garbage bag onto a tortilla press. Form a 1 12inch ball of dough and place it in the center of the press. Top with another piece of plastic, close the press, and push the lever down to form the tortilla. Alternately, the dough balls can be rolled between plastic sheets with a rolling pin. Open the press and remove the top layer of plastic. Carefully peel the tortilla off the bottom plastic and place it onto a hot, ungreased cast iron skillet cook for about 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove the tortilla and place it on a clean tea towel keep it covered to keep it soft and pliable. Continue until you have used up all the dough., ingredients: [4 cups masa harina, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups warm water, 2 teaspoons honey], title: Corn Tortillas, picturelink: AgXCECG20Eu6Po2OisWdIACUs5.mHbu}, 49310: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chocolate chips in a small bowl. Place over a small saucepan of barely simmering water. Stir until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 3 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly.nPlace the melted chocolate, avocados, agave, cocoa powder, vanilla and salt in a food processor. Blend until smooth and creamy, scraping the sides of the bowl as needed. Spoon into glasses and refrigerate for at least 3 hours can be prepared 1 day in advance. Garnish with fresh raspberries and serve., ingredients: [12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli, 4 very ripe 8 ounce avocados, peeled and pitted, 12 cup agave, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon fine salt, Fresh raspberries, for garnish], title: ChocolateAvocado Mousse, picturelink: JjeWbItWFGhe54UHdJzREfZvkb.lHy}, 49311: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the onion and red bell pepper into rough chunks and put in a bowl mince the jalapenos and add them to the onion and peppers. Drizzle about 1 tablespoon of the extravirgin olive oil over the vegetables and toss. Add a good pinch of salt and some pepper, toss, and place on 1 side of a rimmed baking sheet.nDrizzle the peaches with another tablespoon of oil, being sure to coat the cut sides well. Put them, cut side down, on the other side of the baking sheet. Roast the fruit and vegetables until caramelized, about 25 minutes. Using tongs, pull the skin off the peach halves and discard.nArrange 2 peach halves on each serving dish, cut side up, on a bed of the roasted vegetables.nNote: If freestone peaches are not available, split the peaches leaving the pits intact they can be removed easily after roasting., ingredients: [1 purple onion, skin removed, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and ribs removed, 2 jalapenos, stemmed, seeded, and ribs removed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 ripe fresh freestone peaches, halved and pitted], title: Smokey Roasted Peaches, picturelink: peEInMFliwvYL406HMQbq2KksxkGyC}, 49312: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the tomatoes in half, horizontally. Use a small spoon to gently hollow out the inside of the tomatoes, discarding the seeds and reserving the pulp and being careful not to puncture the outer shell. Chop the reserved pulp and put in a medium bowl. Add the parsley, bread crumbs, cheese, and pepper and mix gently to combine. Place the tomato halves in a buttered casserole dish, and fill with the bread crumb mixture. Drizzle the top of the tomatoes with olive oil. Bake until the tops are browned, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [5 beefsteak tomatoes, 1 cup chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, 34 cup Italianstyle bread crumbs, 1 cup grated provolone, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon butter, softened, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Herb Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 49313: {instructions: Whisk together the fromage blanc and eggs until well combined. Stir in the flour and seasonings and mix well. Cover and let rest in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Into a saucepan of lightly salted, simmering water drop spoonfuls of the batter and poach for about 5 minutes. Test one for doneness by cutting it open the batter should be completely firm in the center. Drain the dumpling and toss them in melted butter with a little chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 14 cup fromage blanc or quark, 2 eggs, 1 cup flour, Salt, and fresh pepper, to taste, Pinch nutmeg, Melted butter, for garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Fromage Blanc Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 49314: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 3quart baking dish. Melt 6 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and 14 teaspoon sugar and cook until soft and golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl, reserving the skillet.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil add the noodles and cook until al dente, about 6 minutes. Drain the noodles and add to the bowl with the onion mixture season with salt and pepper.nPulse the eggs, cottage cheese, sour cream, milk, cinnamon, orange zest, the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor until smooth. Add to the noodles and toss, then transfer the mixture to the prepared dish. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in the skillet over medium heat, add the cornflakes and toss. Sprinkle over the pasta and bake until just set, 35 to 40 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the dish, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon plus 14 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt, 12 ounces wide egg noodles, Freshly ground pepper, 3 large eggs, 2 cups smallcurd cottage cheese, 2 cups sour cream, 2 cups whole milk, Pinch of ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 3 cups cornflakes, coarsely crushed], title: Noodle Kugel, picturelink: jh7M.yPx2E47t2DsHXytRYvEqpJvCyy}, 49315: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh. In a small bowl, combine cumin, garlic powder, thyme, salt, and pepper. Rub the spice blend over all of the steak pieces along with 1 tablespoon of the oil. Let rest at room temperature, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large pot, add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and heat over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until tender, about 4 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and garlic and saute until mushrooms are tender, adding extra oil if needed. Pour in the broth, jalapenos and crushed tomatoes. Bring to a boil then reduce heat and simmer while beef cooks.nOn a hot grill sear steak until golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes per side. Remove from grill to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Cut beef into strips and stir into soup, along with spinach. Season soup, to taste. Transfer to serving bowls and top with a dollop of sour cream and tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pound London broil steak, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 12 pound white mushrooms, sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 cups beef broth, 14 cup jarred sliced pickled jalapenos, 1 cup crushed canned tomatoes, 1 11ounce bag bag baby spinach, 12 cup sour cream, 3 cups tortilla chips, crumbled], title: Steak Soup, picturelink: d6YOFU5LwyJdupI0BPieNlCDcP3S}, 49316: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a 4quart saucepan over medium heat, add oil. Add the onions, garlic, and salt. Sweat for 3 minutes or until vegetables are translucent and aromatic. Add the remaining ingredients and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 8 hours over low heat, stirring occasionally. Check seasoning.nCut eggplants in half, scoop out seeds, and sprinkle with salt, cut side up. Place the eggplant halves on a baking sheet and let sit for 1 hour. Place 1 12 ounces of sausage in each eggplant half. Place in the oven and bake for 15 minutes. Top each eggplant with some tomato sauce and fresh mozzarella. Place back into oven for 10 minutes or until the cheese melts., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 cups finely chopped white onion, 6 garlic cloves, sliced, 2 tablespoons salt, 4 cups canned chopped San Marzano tomatoes, with juice, 1 cup white wine, 2 cups beef stock or water, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, 12 baby eggplants, Salt, 2 pounds beef sage sausage, 2 cups tomato sauce, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, grated or sliced], title: Stuffed Baby Eggplants, picturelink: null}, 49317: {instructions: Preheat a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add oil and butter. When butter melts, toast broken pasta and nuts for 2 to 3 minutes, until lightly golden. Add rice and stock, raise heat and bring liquid to a boil. Stir rice, cover pot and reduce heat to simmer. Cook rice 18 minutes, until tender. Add parsley and fluff with fork.nPreheat a griddle pan or large nonstick skillet to mediumhigh heat. Season steaks with salt and drizzle with a little extravirgin olive oil. When pan is very hot, add meat and cook steaks 4 minutes on each side, medium rare, up to 6 or 7 minutes on each side, medium well. Medium rare is recommended for this cut of meat, similar to a hanger steak.nPlace parsley, shallot, capers, anchovies in a food processor and grind. Scrape herb mix into a small bowl. Stir in Worcestershire sauce and vinegar and about 1 teaspoon of coarse black pepper, 13 palm full.nTo serve, place steaks alongside a serving of rice. Top steaks with 14 of the sauce. Garnish plate with sliced tomatoes seasoned with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 to 13 cup broken thin spaghetti or vermicelli pasta, 2 ounces 14 cup slivered almonds, 1 cup enriched white rice, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 4 6 to 8ounce pieces Flat Iron steak, a tender but steaky, affordable cut of beef from the tip of the shoulder top blade, available from the butcher counter, Salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 cup flatleaf parsley, 1 shallot, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons capers, 6 fillets anchovies, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Black pepper, 2 beefsteak tomatoes, sliced], title: Flat Iron Steaks with Great Green Sauce and Nutty RoniNRice, picturelink: ymeIncs7dt2553OGq0bbj6ZdPCRckm2}, 49318: {instructions: Cut open the bread, spread on some butter and toast. Build your debris with desired amount of mayo, mustard, red onion, lettuce and tomato. Dont forget to salt and pepper your tomato. Place the warm Roast Beef on top and top with Gravy. EnjoynPreheat the oven to 225 degrees F. Place the beef in large pan or roaster, fatside up. Salt and pepper liberally. Put 1inch water in the bottom of the pan and cover tightly with foil. Bake for 12 hours.nRemove the beef from the pan and place on a large cutting board. Try to use one with a drip well. Allow the beef to rest at least 30 minutes so that the juices will redistribute. Set aside the juices to cool and reserve for the gravy. The roast will be super tender and all will become debris. Be sure to remove all fat, veins and tendons. All leftovers can be frozen for later use.nSeparate the beef fat from the juices. Place about half of the fat in a heavybottomed saucepot and melt with a low heat. Freeze the remainder for later use.nUse just enough flour to soak up the fat. You are now making a roux. Allow the flour to cook, stirring continually, to brown slightly. Add salt and pepper. Careful, you can always add salt. Add about half of the juice from the beef and stir. This will thicken. Adjust as needed. Taste and adjust seasoning as desired. Again, freeze the remainder for later use., ingredients: [1 goodquality French bread loaf, Softened butter, Mayo, as needed, Creole mustard, as needed, 1 red onion, sliced, 1 head lettuce, shredded, 1 tomato, sliced, Salt and ground black pepper, Roast Beef and Gravy, recipe follows, One 22pound whole inside round, Salt and ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour], title: Roast Beef Debris, picturelink: null}, 49319: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. If you have a baking stone, preheat it now.nUsing a minimum amount of flour to keep the dough from sticking roll out the pizza dough, getting it as thin as you can. You can make the dough into either a rectangle or a round.nPlace the dough on a slightly oiled baking sheet or on a pizza peel if you are using baking stone.nWhisk together the fromage blanc, creme fraiche, egg yolk, and seasonings and spread this mix thinly over the dough leaving a 12inch border around the edges. Sprinkle the onions and bacon over the tart and slide directly into the oven.nBake for approximately 5 minutes or until the dough is fully cooked and golden.nCheck the underside of the tart. Slice and serve very hot., ingredients: [8 ounces basic pizza dough, 14 cup fromage blanc or quark, 14 cup creme fraiche, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon salt, Pinch white pepper, Pinch nutmeg, 2 ounces white onion, thinly sliced and blanched in boiling water, 2 ounces smoked bacon, cut into fine slivers], title: Tarte Flambee, picturelink: null}, 49320: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil over mediumhigh heat in a large nonstick skillet. Cook the onions until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the potatoes, 12 teaspoon salt and the pepper. Add 23 cup water and cover the skillet. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Scrape the potato mixture into a large bowl and cool, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Wipe out and reserve the skillet. The potato mixture can be made 6 hours ahead. Keep at room temperature.nCombine the eggs, garlic, olives, parsley, thyme and remaining 34 teaspoon salt in another large bowl. Fold in the cheese and the cooled potato mixture.nPreheat the broiler. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil to the same skillet and heat over mediumhigh heat. Pour in the egg mixture, spreading evenly. Cook, uncovered, until the sides are set and the top edge begins to brown, about 5 minutes. Run a flexible heatproof rubber spatula around the sides of the pan to loosen the omelet. Cover tightly reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the center is almost set, about 5 minutes.nBroil the omelet until the top is fully cooked and begins to brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Let the omelet rest for 2 minutes. Loosen the omelet again around the sides and underneath as far as possible. Slide the omelet onto a platter and garnish with parsley and thyme sprigs. Cut into wedges. Serve warm or at room temperature with Quick and Easy Romesco Sauce.nCombine the bell peppers, oil, tomato paste, almonds, vinegar, garlic, paprika, salt and pepper in a blender or food processor. Blend until the sauce is almost smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally. If the sauce is too thick, blend in the reserved roasted bell pepper juice, 1 teaspoonful at a time, to thin out the sauce. Transfer the sauce to a small bowl. The sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 small onions, sliced, 5 small Yukon gold potatoes 1 12 pounds, peeled, cut into 18inchthick rounds, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 large eggs, at room temperature, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 6 large pimientostuffed olives, thinly sliced or coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley, plus sprigs for garnish, 34 cup coarsely chopped or crumbled feta about 3 ounces, Quick and Easy Romesco Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, plus sprigs for garnish, One 15to16ounce bottle roasted red bell peppers, drained, juices reserved, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup tomato paste, 14 cup Marcona almonds or hazelnuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, chopped, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Spanish Potato Omelet, picturelink: YrJwo9WQ0GpqRG8mB4LW47keN0nsodW}, 49321: {}, 49322: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a butter baking dish, spread out sweet potatoes. In a small sauce pan, stir together orange juice, honey, salt and rum. Bring mixture to a simmer and pour over potatoes. Cover dish with foil and bake 45 minutes or until tender. Baste the potatoes occasionally with liquid., ingredients: [3 cups sweet potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 12 cups orange juice, 3 tablespoons honey, Dash of salt, 14 cup dark rum], title: Glazed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 49323: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the patties: Combine the lamb, harissa, cumin, paprika, salt, pepper and garlic in a bowl and mix well by hand. Form into eight 12inchthick patties 3 to 4 inches across.nHeat a grill pan over high heat. Grill the patties, working in batches if necessary, until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F, 1 to 2 minutes per side.nFor the rice: Combine the raisins and 1 cup of water in a microwavesafe bowl microwave for 1 minute, then drain and set aside.nPlace the cauliflower florets in a food processor and pulse until the cauliflower resembles small pebbles, 3 or 4 pulses.nBring 1 12 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan set over high heat. Add the cauliflower and cook, stirring, until tender, about 2 minutes. The water should be fully evaporated at this point, if not, drain the cauliflower using a fine mesh sieve.nRemove the pan from the heat and stir in the raisins, almonds, parsley, lemon juice and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nServe the lamb patties over the cauliflower rice., ingredients: [1 pound ground lamb, 2 teaspoons harissa paste, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon hot paprika, 14 teaspoon sea salt, Pinch ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup golden raisins, 1 large head cauliflower, cut in 2inch florets about 2 12 pounds, 13 cup sliced toasted almonds, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Spicy Lamb Patties with CauliflowerAlmond Rice, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 49324: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 10inch cake pan or springform pan. In a mixer with a whip attachment, beat the butter until creamy. Gradually beat in the sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla extract.nSift the cake flour, salt, and baking powder together and use a rubber spatula to fold the dry ingredients into this butter mixture until a soft dough forms and no white streaks of flour remain. Spread half the batter evenly in the bottom of the prepared pan. Stir the almond extract into the cherry preserves. Spoon the cherry preserves over the batter, spreading it within 2 inches of the border.nDrop the remaining batter by large spoonfuls or pipe it with a plain tip over the preserves. Spread the batter carefully over the jam to the edge of the pan. Sprinkle with sliced almonds, if using.nBake for 40 to 50 minutes, or until a bamboo skewer inserted into the cake comes out with a few moist crumbs clinging to it. Let cool in the pan on a wire rack. Unmold the cake and dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 13 cups granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 34 cups cake flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon pure almond extract, 13 cup sour cherry preserves, 14 cup sliced almonds, optional, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Basque Cake with Cherry Preserves, picturelink: gWHUwRhK.vp.dB15OwAunwrEGudWZha}, 49325: {instructions: To prepare the steak: Place the wine, rosemary, thyme, bay leaves, onion, garlic and olive oil in a large shallow baking dish and stir to combine. Add the steak and turn to coat both sides. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight. Heat the grill, remove the meat from the marinade, season both sides with salt and pepper to taste and grill 6 to 7 minutes on each side. Let sit 5 minutes and slice against the grain.nPreheat grill. Brush the vegetables with olive oil and season the vegetables with salt and pepper to taste. Grill all the vegetables until just cooked through. Arrange on a platter and sprinkle with herbs.nPlace the beans, garlic and lemon juice in a food processor and process until the beans are coarsely chopped. Add tahini and oil and process until smooth. Add some of the cooking liquid if too thick. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Scrape into a bowl and fold in the parsley and mint.nBrush the pita on both sides with olive oil and grill until lightly golden brown. Cut into wedges., ingredients: [3 cups dry red wine, 4 small sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 2 pound flank steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large ears fresh corn, husked and cut crosswise into 4 pieces, 1 small eggplant, cut crosswise into 12inch thick rounds, 1 large Vidalia onion, cut into 34inch thick wedges, 1 large red bell pepper, seeded and quartered, 1 large yellow bell pepper, seeded and quartered, 1 large zucchini, quartered, 12 asparagus spears, trimmed, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Finely chopped parsley and chives, 2 cups cooked white beans, 14 cup cooking liquid reserved, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup tahini, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped parsley, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint, 12 pitas, Olive oil], title: Red WineRosemary Grilled Flank Steak with Grilled Mixed Vegetables and Lemony White Bean Skodali with Grilled Pita, picturelink: null}, 49326: {instructions: Bring 1 gallon salted water to a rolling boil in a large stockpot. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil and pasta and cook until al dente, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain in a colander, shaking vigorously, and immediately transfer to an oiled cookie sheet or clean countertop to cool. When cooled, transfer to a bowl, and toss with a little olive oil. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature.nMeanwhile, roast bell peppers over a gas flame or on a tray under the broiler. Keep turning so the skin is evenly charred, without burning and drying out the flesh. Transfer charred peppers to a paper or plastic bag, tie the top closed and let steam until cool to the touch, about 15 minutes. To peel peppers, pull off the charred skin by hand and then, only if necessary, dip the peppers briefly in water to remove any blackened bits. Do not peel the peppers under running water since that would wash away the flavorful juices. Once peeled, cut away stems, seeds and veins, and slice peppers into strips.nHeat remaining tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add onions, salt, and pepper, and cook until golden brown. Lower heat to moderate, add garlic, cook 1 minute, then add paprika, and cook 1 minute more. Add red peppers and tomatoes, cook an additional 1 to 2 minutes, and remove from heat.nTransfer to a medium bowl and combine with sour cream and hot sauce. Pour over reserved pasta, toss well, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound pasta, small tubes or shells, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 3 large red andor yellow bell peppers, 1 medium onion, julienned, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon finely ground black pepper, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons Hungarian or Spanish paprika, 1 large tomato, seeded and diced, 12 cup sour cream, 3 dashes hot sauce], title: Pasta Salad with Roasted Peppers and Onions, picturelink: null}, 49327: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the beef all over with salt and a generous amount of pepper. Add the oil to the skillet and heat until shimmering. Add the butter and swirl to melt. Add the beef and sear until mahogany brown on all sides, about 8 minutes total.nTransfer the skillet to the oven. Roast until an instantread thermometer inserted in the center registers 125 degrees F. for mediumrare, about 25 minutes. Transfer the roast to a cutting board, tent it very loosely with aluminum foil, and let it rest for 10 to 15 minutes.nSlice crosswise, arrange on a platter, and serve with the mushroom ragout.nMushroom Ragout:n1 pound mixed mushrooms, such as shiitake, cremini, or white buttonn2 to 4 tablespoons unsalted buttern1 medium shallot or 12 small onion, choppedn12 teaspoon kosher saltnFreshly ground black peppern3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves strippedn12 cup Madeira, vermouth, or white winen13 cup heavy creamnClean the mushrooms by brushing with a kitchen towel or a brush to remove any loose dirt. Remove the shiitake stems and discard. Trim the dry ends off the cremini and white mushroom stems. Quarter all the mushrooms and put in a bowl.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and spread them out evenly in the pan, increase the heat to high. Let the mushrooms cook undisturbed until they brown, then shake the pan to turn them over. Add the additional butter along the sides of the pan as the mushrooms cook if the pan seems very dry. Continue to cook until nicely browned, about 5 minutes. Add the shallot and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Season the mushrooms with the salt and pepper and add the thyme. Pull the pan off the heat and add the Madeira or the wine. Return pan to the heat and scrape up any of the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the heavy cream and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and serve.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [2 pounds centercut beef tenderloin roast, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon butter, Optional: Dijon or Wholegrain mustard, cracked mixed peppercorns, or herbes d Provence, Mushroom Ragout, recipe follows], title: Roast Beef Tenderloin with Mushroom Ragout, picturelink: null}, 49328: {instructions: Over medium heat, saute onions and garlic in a 1 gallon stock pot. Add diced potatoes and fresh thyme. Cover with stock and simmer until potatoes are soft. Puree with hand blender. Slice leek into thin circles and fold into potato soup and simmer until leeks are soft but still bright green. Finish soup with cream, and salt and pepper.nCut circles out of four slices of fresh rye bread. Brush with olive oil and toast. Garnish with smoked salmon.nPour potato leek soup evenly into four soup bowls and garnish with smoked salmon crouton and fresh parsley., ingredients: [6 potatoes, diced, 1 onion, 3 cloves of garlic, 1 sprig fresh thyme, cleaned, 2 quarts of chicken stock, 1 cup of cream, 1 leek, 3 slices of julienne smoked salmon, 4 slices of rye bread], title: Potato Leek Soup with Smoked Salmon and Rye Croutons, picturelink: null}, 49329: {instructions: In a skillet set over medium heat, heat olive oil until hot. Add the scallions and cook until softened. Add the mushrooms, salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Add remaining ingredients and cook, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes more. Transfer to a food processor and puree. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups wild mushrooms, chopped such as cepes, morels, chanterelles, hen of the woods, 2 teaspoons garlic, minced, 12 cup scallions, minced, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons plain sundried tomatoes, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wild Mushroom Crostini Topping, picturelink: null}, 49330: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometernMix together the corn, flour, milk, Parmesan, red bell peppers, cornmeal, jalapenos, sugar, baking powder, cayenne, turmeric, 1 teaspoon salt and the egg in a large bowl.nHeat 4 to 5 inches oil in a Dutch oven or large heavybottomed pot over high heat to 360 degrees F. Working in batches, drop 4 to 5 spoonfuls of the batter into the hot oil and cook, turning occasionally, until browned and crisped, about 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt while still hot. Serve with Black Pepper and Honey Sour Cream.nCombine the sour cream, honey and black pepper in small bowl., ingredients: [2 cups yellow corn kernels, thawed if frozen, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup whole milk, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup diced red bell peppers, 2 tablespoons yellow cornmeal, 1 tablespoon diced jalapenos, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon turmeric, Kosher salt, 1 large egg, Vegetable or canola oil, for cooking, Black Pepper and Honey Sour Cream, recipe follows, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Corn Fritters, picturelink: uf1dx209ktGffmnjEA34oHjrH27JfDa}, 49331: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix ingredients in the following order: cream, mayonnaise, and stout. Stir well. Use as you would regular mayonnaise, on sandwiches, in vinaigrettes, or as a dip., ingredients: [12 cup cream, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup Irish stout], title: Annelies Irish Stout Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 49332: {instructions: Place the broth and chicken in pressure cooker. Place the frozen blocks of spinach on top. Pour on the sauce and sprinkle on the curry powder. Gently stir the curry powder into the sauce. Do not stir the chicken into the sauce the goal is to prevent scorching the pasta sauce on the bottom while the cooker is coming up to pressure.nLock the lid in place. Over high heat, bring to high pressure. Reduce the heat just enough to maintain high pressure and cook for 4 minutes for boneless chicken pieces or 12 minutes for chicken parts. Quickrelease the pressure. Remove the lid, tilting it away from you to allow excess steam to escape.nStir well. Taste the sauce, and add more curry powder and salt, if needed. Garnish portions with chopped cilantro, if you wish., ingredients: [12 cup chicken broth or water, 3 12 pounds chicken parts, preferably thighs, skinned and well trimmed, or 212 pounds boneless, skinless chicken, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 10ounce packages frozen spinach rinse away any ice crystals, 1 12 cups thick tomato pasta sauce, 1 tablespoon mild curry powder, or more to taste, Salt to taste, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Chicken and Spinach in Curried Pasta Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49333: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason salmon fillets with salt and pepper. Mix lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce together and pour over the salmon fillets. Saute the salmon in olive oil in a skillet on both sides until golden brown, approximately 2 minutes on each side.nIn a clean skillet, heat 14 cup of olive oil to lightly smoking. Add cleaned and cut mushrooms and saute on high heat until light brown. Remove from skillet and add 1 tablespoon butter and chopped shallots. Saute until golden brown. Add the Madeira and veal stock and reduce to a syrupy consistency. Add cream, herbs, mushrooms, and small pieces of the remaining butter and mix well. Place on top of salmon. Serve with Potato Croquettes.nCut the potatoes into 2inch pieces, and cook in salt water until fork tender. Drain water from the potatoes then place the pot back on the heat. Add the potatoes to the pot and steam for 2 to 3 minutes to dry the potatoes well. Mash the potatoes until creamy. While they are still hot, add butter, egg yolks, salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Mix well with a wooden spoon until smooth. Let cool until easy to handle. Form potatoes into golf ballsized balls.nBeat the egg and place into a shallow bowl. Mix hazelnuts and bread crumbs together in a shallow bowl. Roll potato balls in flour, then into the beaten egg, then into hazelnutbread crumb mixture. Place balls in the refrigerator and let stand for 2 hours.nHeat oil to 350 degrees F in a 1quart casserole. Place potato balls in oil and fry until golden brown. Remove from oil and place on a paper towel to absorb excess oil. Serve with salmon., ingredients: [2 pounds salmon fillets, sliced into 3ounce slices, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Olive oil, 1 pound assorted wild mushrooms, 1 tablespoon butter, plus 7 tablespoons, 14 cup chopped shallots, 12 cup Madeira, 12 cup reduced veal stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh chervil, Potato Croquettes, recipe follows, 3 large baking potatoes, like russets, peeled, 14 pound butter, 4 egg yolks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nutmeg, 1 whole egg, 1 cup Oregon hazelnuts, finely chopped, 2 cups white bread crumbs, 12 cup white flour, 4 cups canola oil, for frying], title: Scallopine of Columbia River Salmon with Wild Mushroom Ragout and Potato Croquettes, picturelink: 3KCIV1T0tB74eix1n.3VcRSgSObl26}, 49334: {instructions: Combine the tomato sauce, 1 cup water, the chickpeas, bell pepper, apricots, garlic, garam masala, red pepper flakes and 12 teaspoon salt in a large skillet and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Nestle the chicken in the tomatochickpea mixture reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer and cook, uncovered, turning the chicken once, until cooked through, about 20 minutes.nDivide the chicken and tomatochickpea mixture among plates, top with the yogurt and sprinkle with parsley and garam masala to taste. Serve with the pita wedges., ingredients: [1 14ounce can nosaltadded tomato sauce, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 small bell pepper any color, thinly sliced, 13 cup dried apricots, halved, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 teaspoon garam masala or ground cinnamon, plus more for topping, Large pinch of red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 4 6ounce skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 14 cup lowfat 2 percent Greek yogurt, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping optional, 3 wholewheat pitas, quartered], title: Stewed Chicken and Chickpeas, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 49335: {instructions: Heat skillet over medium high flame until its nice and hot. In the meantime with a sharp knife, score the skin side of the snapper and salt and pepper. Add 18 of a cup of the olive oil to skillet. Put the snapper meatside down, sear until youve got a golden crust then turn the fillet over and cook 2 minutes more. Take the fillets out of the skillet and set aside while you saute the fennel in the same skillet for 5 minutes. Set the fennel aside and drain any oil from the skillet. Put remaining 18 cup olive oil into skillet over medium heat. Add shallots, garlic, saffron, and saute for 1 minute. Deglaze skillet with wine, lemon juice and pernod. When there is almost no liquid left in skillet add fish stock or water. Bring to a simmer and add fennel back to skillet and continue to simmer for 2 more minutes. Put snapper on top of fennel, put skillet in a preheated 425 degree oven for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from oven and put fennel on a plate and snapper again on top of fennel. Return skillet to high flame and reduce pan juice by half, remove pan from heat and add butter. Swinging pan until dissolved and sauce has thickened, salt and pepper to taste and spoon around fish and fennel., ingredients: [2 8ounce snapper fillets, bones reserved, 14 cup olive oil, 1 fennel bulb, cut in wedges, 2 tablespoons shallots, 1 teaspoon garlic, 1 good pinch saffron, 14 cup white wine, Lemon juice of one lemon, 18 cup pernod, 12 cup fish stock, recipe follows, or water, Salt to taste, Fresh ground black pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons butter], title: Pan Seared Snapper in Saffron Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49336: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine 12 cup of the oil, the carrot, celery, cauliflower, oregano, thyme and 3 tablespoons water. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, covered, until the vegetables are somewhat tender, about 6 minutes. Transfer the vegetable mixture to a small bowl and stir in the olives, pimento and salt. Set aside to cool.nWhen the olivevegetable salad has cooled, stir in the parsley.nSlice the bread in half lengthwise. Using your hands, scoop out the inside of each bread half to make a shallow pocket. Brush the inside of the top half with the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Fill the bottom bread half with the olivevegetable salad and pack it down with your hands. Layer the provolone, mortadella and sopressata over the salad without letting any hang over the sides. Cover with the top bread half and tightly wrap the sandwich with plastic wrap. Place the sandwich on a cutting board or baking sheet and weigh it down with a heavy object, such as a castiron skillet, for at least 1 hour or up to 3 hours.nRemove the plastic wrap and cut the sandwich into fourths or sixths. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium carrot, thinly sliced, 12 stalk celery with leaves, thinly sliced, 12 cup small cauliflower florets, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 34 cup pitted large green olives, finely chopped, 14 cup brinecured pitted black olives, such as kalamata, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped jarred pimento sweet peppers, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, One 6inchround Italian bread loaf with sesame seeds, 6 ounces sliced provolone, 6 ounces sliced mortadella, 4 ounces sliced sopressata], title: Muffuletta, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 49337: {instructions: Whisk the cornstarch into the vegetable broth. Melt the butter over medium heat in a saute pan, and then add the chicken broth mixture, red peppers and garlic. Simmer 30 minutes. Pour hot mixture into blender and blend until smooth to make red pepper sauce. While the pepper sauce is simmering, begin the polenta.nCombine vegetable stock and cream in a large heavy saucepan. Heat to a gentle boil over medium heat, being careful not to burn. While whisking constantly, gradually add the cornmeal. Once cornmeal is incorporated, keep heat low and continue to whisk until mixture is slightly thickened and creamy. Stir in Parmesan, and season with pepper. Since Parmesan is salty, add salt only if needed. Set aside in a warm place.nHeat oil in a saute pan. Saute onion, garlic, carrot, zucchini, yellow squash, and eggplant, until they begin to soften. Stir in tomato paste, chopped fresh parsley, thyme, and let cook until flavors integrate, about 10 more minutes. Add olives and heat through. Season with salt and pepper, as needed. Remove from heat and stir in fresh tomato. Let sit to rest.nPlace cheese polenta onto serving plate, making a well in the center. Top with vegetable ragout in the center, and spoon red pepper coulis over top. Garnish with fresh basil., ingredients: [3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 12 cups vegetable broth, 3 ounces 6 tablespoons or 34 stick butter, 2 roasted red bell peppers, seeded and peeled, 1 clove garlic, 2 cups vegetable stock, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and pepper, 18 cup grapeseed oil, 1 onion, medium diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and diced medium, 1 zucchini, medium dice, 1 yellow squash, medium dice, 1 small eggplant, medium dice, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup kalamata pitted black olives, cut in 12, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 fresh plum tomatoes, diced, 6 to 8 sprigs fresh basil], title: V is for Vegetarian Ragout over Cheese Polenta with Red Pepper Coulis, picturelink: 9Y3pF2kNs7yYraVNRFGQiwwZXe1Cmcm}, 49338: {instructions: Make the Cream Puffs: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine the water, butter, salt, and sugar in a large saucepan and bring to a rolling boil over mediumhigh heat. When it boils, immediately take the pan off the heat. Stirring with a wooden spoon, add all the flour at once and stir hard until the flour is incorporated, about 30 to 60 seconds. Return the pan to the heat and cook, stirring, 2 minutes to evaporate some of the moisture.nScrape the mixture into a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or use a hand mixer or mix by hand. Mix at medium speed. With the mixer running, add 3 of the eggs, 1 at a time, stopping after each to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Mix until the dough is smooth and glossy and the eggs are completely incorporated. The dough should be thick, but should fall slowly and steadily from the beaters when you lift them out of the bowl. If the dough is still clinging to the beaters, add another egg and mix until completely incorporated.nUsing a pastry bag, pipe the dough in bitesize kisses about 1 12 inches across onto 1 of the cookie sheets.nDip your finger in flour and push down the points to smooth out any bumps. Bake 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and bake until puffed up and light golden brown, about 25 minutes more. Try not to open the oven door too often during the baking. Let cool on the baking sheet.nMake the Caramel: Pour the sugar into the center of a deep saucepan. Carefully pour the water around the sugar, trying not to splash any sugar onto the sides of the pan. Do not stir gently draw your finger through the center of the sugar to moisten it. Over high heat, bring to a full boil and cook without stirring, swirling the pot occasionally to even out the color, until ambercaramel in color, 10 to 20 minutes. When the mixture is done, remove the pot from the heat and rest the bottom in the ice bath for 15 seconds to stop the cooking.nDip the top of each cream puff in the caramel and place it caramelside down, with the base sticking straight up, on the other greased cookie sheet. The caramel will pool slightly around the puff and will harden and develop a foot. When you turn the puffs over later, this will be a smooth flat lid for each profiterole. Let cool until set, at least 10 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, carefully turn the puffs over and cut each 1 horizontally in 12 using a long serrated knife. Fill each with a small scoop of ice cream or sweetened, flavored whipped cream. Place the lid on top and serve immediately.nEquipment: A pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip 2 cookie sheets, well greased, or 1 lined with parchment paper and 1 greased, or lined with nonstick baking mats an ice water bath and a mini ice cream scoop., ingredients: [1 cup water, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, 1 14 cups sugar, 13 cup water, Ice cream of your choice, or lightly sweetened whipped cream, Equipment: A pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip 2 cookie sheets, well greased, or 1 lined with parchment paper and 1 greased, or lined with nonstick baking mats an ice water bath and a mini ice cream scoop], title: Caramel Topped Cream Puffs, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 49339: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nGrease 2 12cup muffin tins and set aside.nIn a large bowl, sift dry ingredients together. In a separate bowl, beat eggs and then add milk and melted shortening. Add liquid ingredients to dry ingredients all at once and stir until dry ingredients are moistened but not smooth. Fill wellgreased muffin tins with 2 ounces of batter each and bake for about 20 minutes., ingredients: [12 ounces allpurpose flour, 12 ounces cornmeal, 3 12 ounces sugar, 12 tablespoon salt, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 3 small eggs, 3 cups milk, 4 ounces shortening, melted], title: Hockaday School Corn Muffins, picturelink: null}, 49340: {instructions: 1. Use 3 12 to 4inchlong cookie cutter coated with cooking spray to cut drumstick shapes from Kelloggsu00ae PopTartsu00ae Frosted Pumpkin Pie toaster pastries. Place one drumstick on each serving plate. Lightly sprinkle with cocoa powder.n2. Add scoops of yogurt and apple slices to serving plates.n3. Top the yogurt with darkcolored jam to resemble gravy, if desired., ingredients: [4 KELLOGGSu00ae POPTARTSu00ae Frosted Pumpkin Pie toaster pastries, Sweetened cocoa powder or cinnamon, 2 cups lowfat Greek yogurt or lowfat yogurt, any flavor, 2 medium apples, cored and sliced, Darkcolored jam, such as blackberry or blueberry], title: Thanksgiving Breakfast, picturelink: QCTZBYoBX3Wmcx5JlSEWsJuxED1bM2}, 49341: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap 3 layers of foil around the outside of a 9inchdiameter springform pan with 3inchhigh sides. Butter the pan.nCombine the graham crackers, sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse until crumbly. Add the butter and pulse until moistened. Press the crumb mixture evenly onto the bottom and 1 12 inches up the sides of the prepared pan. Bake just until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Let cool completely.nReduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nFor the filling: In an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese on medium speed until fluffy. Add the sugar and vanilla and beat until combined. Add the eggs 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add the sour cream and mix until smooth, about 35 seconds. Pour the filling into the cooled crust.nSet the cheesecake in a large baking pan. Add enough hot water to the baking pan to come 1 inch up the sides of the cheesecake pan. Bake until almost set the center will move slightly when the pan is gently shaken but not puffed, about 1 hour. Let cool at room temperature for 2 hours. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate until completely cooled, preferably overnight or for at least 6 hours.nFor the pomegranate sauce: Combine the pomegranate juice and sugar in a saucepan and cook over high heat until reduced to 12 cup, about 15 minutes. Let cool. Add the pomegranate seeds and mix to combine.nPour the pomegranate sauce on top of the cooled cheesecake and serve., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for buttering the pan, 12 graham crackers, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, Four 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, 12 cup sour cream, 2 cups pomegranate juice, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup fresh pomegranate seeds], title: Cheesecake with Pomegranate Sauce, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 49342: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Grease bottom and sides of 9inch round glass baking dish with 1 tablespoon I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread set aside.nMelt remaining 1 tablespoon Spread in 10inch skillet over medium heat and cook green onions, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, stirring frequently, until green onions are crisptender, about 2 minutes. Turn onto baking sheet, then cool in refrigerator.nWhisk eggs in medium bowl. Stir in goat cheese, breaking up lumps. Season with remaining salt and pepper. When it is fairly smooth, whisk in remaining ingredients.nPour egg mixture into prepared dish, then sprinkle with green onions. Bake 30 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 20 minutes. Garnish, if desired, with additional green onions.nNutrition Information Per Serving:nCalories 180, Calories From Fat 140, Saturated Fat 8g, Trans Fat 0g, Total Fat 16g, Cholesterol 140mg, Sodium 260mg, Total Carbohydrates 4g, Sugars 2g, Dietary Fiber 1g, Protein 7g, Vitamin A 20, Vitamin C 8, Calcium 10, Iron 6, ingredients: [2 Tbsp. I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread, divided, 12 green onions or scallions, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 tsp. Kosher salt, divided, 12 tsp. ground white or black pepper, divided, 4 eggs, 4 ounces goat cheese, sliced, 12 cup half and half, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup milk, Dash hot pepper sauce, Dash Worcestershire sauce], title: Crustless Quiche With Goat Cheese and Scallions, picturelink: 07XLJlOiVfIj87YqL6yk9WY28SoldFO}, 49343: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the iced tea, lemon juice and 2 cups water in a pitcher. Add some Simple Syrup to taste save the rest for another use and stir. Stir in the bourbon and serve over ice.nCombine the sugar with 1 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat and stir. Bring to a boil, then remove from heat and let cool completely., ingredients: [2 cups brewed iced tea, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 cup bourbon, 1 cup granulated sugar], title: Back Nine Spiked Arnold Palmer, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 49344: {instructions: Rinse the broccoli under cold, running water and place, still wet, in a small soup bowl. Season with the soy sauce. Cover with a wet paper towel and microwave on high for 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and uncover.nMeanwhile, lightly sear the scallops on high heat in a small saute pan with the olive oil, about 2 minutes. Add the broccoli, chicken stock, ginger juice or grated ginger and the clams. Season with a pinch of sea salt. Cover and continue cooking for 2 minutes or until the clams have opened. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup small broccoli flowerets, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 ounces large sea scallops, about 3 pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger juice, or 12 teaspoon grated ginger, 8 live New Zealand littleneck clams  wild edibles, Sea salt to taste], title: Scallops and Baby Clams with Broccoli, Ginger and Soy Sauce Flavors, picturelink: null}, 49345: {instructions: Combine the rice, 1 34 cups water, the salt, and butter in a small heavybottomed saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat reduce the heat to low, stir once, and simmer, covered tightly, for 15 minutes. I need to pull the pot half off the burner to keep it from boiling over. Turn off the heat and allow the rice to sit covered for 5 minutes. Add the parsley, dill, scallions, and pepper. Fluff with a fork, and serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup uncooked longgrain white basmati rice recommended: Texmati, 1 34 cups water, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced fresh curly parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh scallions, white and green parts, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Herbed Basmati Rice, picturelink: Y3pxSaYNcyoJ3h.UqMpEXlYF7sdjkvq}, 49346: {}, 49347: {instructions: In a pie plate, combine flour, salt, and black pepper. Lightly coat both sides of the meat with the seasoned flour: shake off any excess. Reserve the remaining seasoned flour to use in the gravy later. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet. Add the meat and cook over high heat, turning once, for 1 to 2 minutes per side, until browned. Remove with tongs or a fork to a plate, Depending upon the skillet size, this may need to be done in 2 batches. Do not crowd pan, or the meat will not brown. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil to the drippings in the pan along with the onion, celery, and carrots. Cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring, for 2 minutes, until lightly browned. Reduce the heat to low, cover the skillet, and cook for about 10 minutes, until the vegetables are almost tender. Add the garlic and sprinkle the reserved seasoned flour over vegetables. Cook, stirring 1 minute. Add oregano, tomatoes with their juices, and the wine. Return the meat and any accumulated juices to the pan. Bring to a simmer, cover, and cook over low heat for 20 minutes, or until the meat and vegetables are tender. Season with additional salt and pepper to taste. And stir in optional parsley if you desire., ingredients: [14 cup flour, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 pound round or chuck steak, cubed, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 large celery rib, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, very thinly sliced, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 16ounce can stewed tomatoes, with their juices, 1 cup red wine, Parsley, chopped optional], title: Ragout of Beef with Red Wine, picturelink: null}, 49348: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: twelve 6ounce ramekinsnFor the butternut squash puree: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the squash out on a baking sheet and sprinkle with the oil, salt and pepper. Roast until tender, 25 minutes allow to cool slightly. Transfer to a food processor and pulse until smooth. Measure out 1 12 cups puree.nFor the mac and cheese: Cook the pasta according to the package directions. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water, and transfer the cooked pasta back into the hot pot it was cooked in.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a large saucepan. Sprinkle in the flour and cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Whisk in the milk and simmer until thickened add the onion powder, salt, ground mustard and cayenne. Stir in the Cheddar, pecorino and 1 12 cups squash puree and cook until the cheese is melted. Pour the cheese sauce into the drained pasta and mix well. Slowly incorporate the reserved pasta water, mixing well, using about 34 cup depending on desired creaminess.nSpray twelve 6ounce ramekins with nonstick cooking spray fill with about 34 cup of the pasta mixture and place on a large baking sheet.nFor the topping: Put the bread in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse until the bread is in fine crumbs. Mix the breadcrumbs with the Parmesan and sprinkle some of the mixture over each portion of pasta drizzle each serving with a teaspoon of canola oil. Bake until the crust becomes golden and crispy, 12 minutes. Garnish with chopped parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound butternut squash, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes about 3 cups, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Black pepper, 1 pound wholegrain elbow macaroni, such as Barilla Plus, Big pinch cayenne, 12 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup lowfat 1percent milk, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground mustard, 12 cup shredded pecorino cheese, Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 1 slice wholegrain bread, toasted, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Canola oil, for drizzling, 14 cup chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Crispy Mac and Cheese Cups, picturelink: LzVDcPq8Q2wI59ig6XjjFDdlGKPBw6a}, 49349: {instructions: In a large bowl, over ice combine all of the liquid ingredients. Float the orange slices on top, for garnish and serve., ingredients: [4 cups cranberry juice, 1 bottle sparkling cider, 1 liter ginger ale, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, about 2 lemons, 12 ounces vodka, optional, 1 orange, sliced], title: Holiday Party Punch, picturelink: jICBTZWhbRQIES11LxJGvxvfLjUWTW}, 49350: {instructions: Put the chicken thighs, lemon, cilantro leaves and stems into a skillet or saucepan. Fill with water just to cover the chicken and season generously with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat to maintain a very gentle simmer. Cook until the chicken is tender and falling from the bones, about 40 to 45 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the poaching liquid and allow to cool. When cool, remove the skin and strip the meat from the bones, discarding the skin and bones. Reserve the meat.nIn a bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, curry, honey, and lemon juice. Stir in the scallions, celery, and grapes until combined. Add the cooled chicken meat and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nServe heaping portions of the salad in butter lettuce leaves., ingredients: [4 whole chicken thighs, 1 lemon, quartered, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, 12 bunch cilantro stems, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 34 cup halved seedless red grapes, Butter lettuce leaves, for serving], title: Curried Chicken Salad in Lettuce Cups, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 49351: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the lower 13 of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRinse the game hens and pat dry with paper towels. In a small bowl, mix together the olive oil, shallots, orange zest, lemon zest, thyme, mint, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Rub 2 tablespoons of the zest mixture over the skins of the game hens. Place the remainder of the zest mixture under the skin and into the cavities of the hens. Using kitchen twine, truss the legs together. Place the hens in a shallow 9 by 13inch baking dish. Add the chicken stock, Marsala wine, lemon juice, orange juice, and cranberries. Roast for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the leg juices run clear. Remove the game hens and set aside. Place the flour in a small saucepan. Whisk in the pan juices. Bring the juices to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes until slightly thickened. Whisk in the butter and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nTo serve, remove the kitchen twine and place the hens on 2 serving plates. Drizzle with the citrusherb sauce., ingredients: [2 1 12 to 2pound Cornish game hens, 14 cup olive oil, 2 shallots, minced, 2 tablespoons orange zest, from 2 medium oranges, 2 tablespoons lemon zest, from about 3 lemons, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 2 tablespoons Marsala wine or dry sherry, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 14 cup dried cranberries or currants, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Roasted CitrusHerb Game Hen, picturelink: bylcgoGffMFXRJijqADaOISY9Li12RO}, 49352: {instructions: Scrub and steam or boil the potatoes until tender, using whatever potatoes you have available, but bearing in mind that the waxy fleshed variety such as fingerlings are particularly good in salads as they do not collapse. Cook the asparagus tips in lightly salted water. Steam, poach or grill the salmon.nSkin or peel the potatoes, if you wish, and dice or slice them. Mix them with the asparagus and then with the dressing. If using mayonnaise and the potatoes are too hot, this will cause the mayonnaise the split. Grate in the lemon zest, add seasoning and the herbs, and fold into the salad. Spoon the potato and asparagus onto the plate, with a fillet of salmon on top. Whole herbs or baby greens can be used to garnish it, as can edible flowers., ingredients: [2 pounds new potatoes, 2 pounds green asparagus, 8 or 10 5 ounces salmon fillets, skinned, Homemade vinaigrette, mayonnaise or yogurt, 1 lemon, zested, Sal, to taste, Pepper, to taste, Chopped chives or salad onions, Finely chopped chervil, Diced cucumber, Fresh chervil or tarragon], title: Salmon, Asparagus and New Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 49353: {instructions: In a large pot, on high heat, heat the olive oil. When pot is hot, add turkey and chicken and saute quickly until golden brown on all sides. Remove the meats and reserve. To the pan, add the peppers, cilantro and garlic and turn heat to medium high. Cook until caramelized. Pour the rice into the pan and coat it with the mixture. Add the 4 cups water, scallions and packets of Sazon. Stir until mixed well and turn the heat to high until the rice begins to boil. Add the meats and simmer until the rice is cooked through and the mixture begins to thicken slightly. Add more water if needed.nIn a blender, place some of the spinach in and 12 cup of water and blend well. Add more spinach as it is blended and more water, if needed. The mixture should be very green and thick. When the rice is done and right before serving add the spinach puree and mix well. Salt and pepper, to taste. Fill 2 round molds with rice, pat down slightly and invert onto the center of each plate to make drums. Place the olives on the tips of the breadsticks to make drumsticks and write a message on the rim of the plate with the tomato paste. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 cup turkey sausage, sliced, 1 pound of chicken tenders, diced, 1 red pepper, diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, finely diced, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup white rice, 4 cups water, plus 12 cup, 2 scallions, finely diced, 2 packets Goya Sozan, 1 pound fresh baby spinach, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 black olives, 2 thin breadsticks, 1 tube sundried tomato paste], title: Spinach Paella, picturelink: null}, 49354: {instructions: Heat butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Add shallots and cauliflower and season with salt. Saute the cauliflower until it begins to lightly caramelize and become tender. Add stock and simmer for 20 minutes or until vegetables are completely soft.nPuree mixture until smooth in a blender. Add the heavy cream and nutmeg and bring the soup to a simmer.nAdd the dumplings and poach them in soup for 3 to 5 minutes. Check your seasoning and remove from heat.nIn a soup bowl place the lobster meat and 1 claw in center and pour 8 ounces of soup and dumplings on top and drizzle with truffle oil.nMix all ingredients together and roll into small firm balls about 12inch in diameter., ingredients: [4 ounces butter, 4 tablespoons shallots, minced, 1 head cauliflower, greens removed, head cut into small pieces, Salt, 6 cups lobster or chicken stock, Lobster dumplings, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 pinch nutmeg, 3 1 12 pound whole lobsters, cooked, meat removed from shell, 12 cup tail meat reserved for dumplings, tail meat sliced into rounds, 1 tablespoon truffle oil, 1 12 cups white bread crumbs, 12 tablespoon softened butter, 1 egg beaten, 2 teaspoons chopped tarragon, 12 cup chopped cooked lobster meat, Milk, to bind, Salt and ground white pepper], title: Cauliflower Soup with Lobster Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 49355: {instructions: Add the cream cheese and butter to a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl at least once. Add the salt and beat another minute, then add the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and slowly add the confectioners sugar. Beat until fully incorporated.nUse on your favorite red velvet cake., ingredients: [16 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, Pinch fine salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: wd5LfwQ1gZYSHOvkZjFWY.W0PCL784u}, 49356: {instructions: For the broccoli: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread hazelnuts on a pie pan and toast in the oven for 8 to 10 minutes, transfer nuts to a kitchen cloth and rub to remove the skins. Coarsely chop the nuts In a steamer, steam the broccoli until just tender, about 5 minutes. In a large skillet, combine the hazelnut oil, garlic and hazelnuts. Cook over high heat, stirring until the garlic is pale golden. Add the broccoli and crushed red pepper and toss . Season with salt and cook for 1 to 2 minutes.nFor the soba noodles: Place noodles in a large bowl. Whisk together the soy sauce, lime juice, garlic, ginger, olive oil and sesame oil. Pour over the noodles, add the cilantro and toss to combine, season with salt and pepper. Garnish with scallion.nFor the salmon: Season salmon on both sides with salt and pepper. Mix together the sesame seeds in a medium bowl. Dredge salmon skinside down in the seeds. Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sear the salmon seedside down in the pan and cook until golden brown. Turn the fillets over and continue cooking for 3 to 4 minutes for medium doneness., ingredients: [14 cup hazelnuts, 1 large bunch of broccoli, cut into 1 12inch florets, 2 tablespoons hazelnut oil, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 pound soba noodles, cooked al dente, 12 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro, 3 scallions finely chopped, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Sesame Seed Crusted Salmon on Soba Noodles with Twiced Cooked Broccoli with Garlic and Hazelnuts, picturelink: null}, 49357: {instructions: Steam the broccoli, either in a microwave or steamer, until tender and reserve.nMelt the butter in an omelet pan or small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomatoes, onions, peppers, and mushrooms and cook, stirring frequently until the onions soften and the tomato juices evaporate, about 5 minutes. Add the broccoli to the pan and season the vegetable mixture with salt and pepper. Pour the eggs over the vegetables. Cook until the eggs begin to set 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle the cheeses over the omelet. Cook until the eggs are no longer runny then fold the omelet in half. Raise the heat if the omelet is not brown. Cook for another 1 to 2 minutes, if necessary, then transfer to a plate and serve with wholewheat toast and fresh fruit., ingredients: [14 cup small broccoli florets, 2 tablespoons clarified butter or 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup diced Roma tomatoes, 14 cup diced yellow onions, 14 cup diced green pepper, 14 cup diced mushrooms, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, wellbeaten, 1 ounce Muenster, shredded, 1 ounce Cheddar, shredded, Whole wheat toast and fresh fruit, as accompaniments], title: The Rachael Omelet, picturelink: d7UxleDr8GnNYjBCa8uYE0mHixpPGsW}, 49358: {instructions: Toss the vegetables in a large bowl with the oil, garlic, oregano, salt and pepper. Let sit at least 1 hour to marinate.nPreheat the grill.nGrill the vegetables over hot coals or cook in a hot dry skillet until tender, turning occasionally to avoid charring.nTo assemble, warm the tortillas briefly on the grill to render them pliable, and spread them out on a counter. Divide the vegetables and place in a strip down the center of each tortilla. Top with the Avocado Corn Relish and drizzle with some of the Tomatillo Salsa being careful not to over sauce, or the burritos will be soggy. Fold the bottom quarter of each tortilla up and then roll from the side into a cylinder. Serve immediately, with the remaining salsa on the side.nPlace the flour, salt and shortening in the bowl of a heavyduty mixer. Beat with the paddle until crumbly, 3 to 5 minutes. With the mixer running, gradually add the warm water and continue mixing until the dough is smooth, about 3 minutes.nDivide the dough into 8 pieces. Roll each into a ball and place on a baking tray or board. Cover with a towel and let rest at room temperature at least 15 minutes or up to 1 hour.nCut out eight 12inch squares of waxed or parchment paper for stacking the tortillas. On a lightly floured board, roll each ball into a 10inch circle, and transfer to a paper square. Stack on a baking tray or platter and refrigerate until cooking time. Uncooked tortillas can be kept in the refrigerator, well wrapped with paper squares between the layers, up to 2 days.nTo cook, heat a dry griddle or 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. Carefully peel off the paper and cook the tortillas, one at a time, until puffy and slightly brown, 30 to 45 seconds per side. Set aside to cool slightly on a towellined platter. Bring to the table wrapped in a towel for warmth, or wrap well and refrigerate or freeze for quesadillas or other dishes.nYield: 8 large tortillasnMethod for Tomatillo Sauce Green Salsa:nIn blender place tomatillos, jalapenos and water. Puree until just chunky. Add remaining ingredients and puree about 2 minutes more, or until no large chunks remain. This salsa keeps in the refrigerator, in a covered container, about 3 days.nHeat 12 cup of the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.nSaute the corn with the salt and pepper, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and set aside to cool.nCut the avocados, bell pepper and roasted poblanos into 14inch dice.nAdd to the Sauteed corn along with the scallions, red wine vinegar and the remaining 14 cup olive oil.nMix well and let sit 20 to 30 minutes to blend the flavors.nServe at room temperature. Corn relish can be stored, tightly covered, in the refrigerator up to a day. To make 2 to 3 days in advance, mix all the ingredients except the avocado and store in the refrigerator. Add the avocado shortly before serving., ingredients: [2 zucchini, trimmed and sliced lengthwise into wedges, 2 yellow squash, trimmed and sliced lengthwise into wedges, 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded and cut into quarters, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 bunch oregano, leaves only, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 Flour Tortillas, recipe follows, 1 cup Avocado Corn Relish, recipe follows, 12 cup Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour 3 12 ounces, 1 teaspoon salt, Scant 12 cup vegetable shortening 3 12 ounces, 1 cup warm water, 1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and cut into quarters, 2  4 large jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and roughly chopped, 12 cup cold water, 12 medium onion, cut in half, 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves, 2 teaspoons salt, 34 cup olive oil, 4 cups fresh corn kernels about 5 ears, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 avocados, peeled and seeded, 1 red bell pepper, cored and seeded, 4 Poblano chiles, roasted, peeled and seeded, 4 scallions, white and light green thinly sliced on the diagonal, 12 cup red wine vinegar], title: Vegetarian Burritos, picturelink: null}, 49359: {instructions: Simmer giblets in water for about 20 minutes. Strain water and reserve for gravy. Allow giblets to cool and chop very fine.nTo make the roux: Melt butter in a saute pan. Add flour and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until golden brown.nBring reserved stock and cider to a boil. Whisk in roux and simmer until thick. Add giblets and season with salt and black pepper.nNote: A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [Giblets from 1 turkey, 2 cups water, 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup apple cider, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Apple Cider Gravy with Giblets, picturelink: null}, 49360: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill to medium heat and rub the grate with a towel dipped in oil. In a large bowl, add the oil and the vegetables and toss. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nGrill the vegetables, turning rarely, over medium heat until soft and charred, about 5 minutes for the asparagus, 10 minutes for the onions, 15 minutes for the peppers and mushrooms. Take vegetables off the grill and put in a bowl. Add the pesto sauce to a small bowl and add the grilled mushrooms. Toss to coat the mushrooms with the pesto.nFor each burger, spread 1 tablespoon of the mustard on the bottom of the bun, top with 14 of the goat cheese, then layer on the mushrooms, onion, bell pepper, and asparagus. Cover with the top of the bun and serve., ingredients: [13 cup vegetable oil, plus more for grill grate, 8 pieces asparagus, trimmed, 1 sweet onion, cut into 1inch rings, 1 bell pepper, trimmed, cored, and quartered, 4 large portobello mushrooms, stems and gills removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup prepared pesto sauce, 4 tablespoons Cajun mustard, 4 ciabatta buns, halved and toasted, 4 ounces crumbled goat cheese], title: The Girl Burger, picturelink: 7Aie.eHC37FmzKkhNDEuJrNHOnUF.}, 49361: {instructions: Rinse and pat dry chicken breasts. Season with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the chicken and brown well on both sides, about 5 minutes. Remove chicken and set aside. Add remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the pan and heat until hot but not smoking. Add the onion and squash and cook until just soft. Stir in the garlic and mushrooms. Cook until vegetables are crisp tender about 5 minutes. Stir in the red peppers and chopped tomatoes and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated. Using a slotted spoon, remove the vegetables to a bowl. To the same pan, add the marinara sauce, 12 cup of reserved tomato juices, tomato paste, and red wine vinegar. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat to medium low. Return the chicken breasts to the pan and cook until chicken is no longer pink, about 10 minutes. Just before chicken is done, return the vegetables with the freshly chopped herbs to the pan and heat through. Transfer chicken and vegetables to a serving platter., ingredients: [4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves about 2 pounds, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 14 pound mushrooms, halved, 12 pound butternut squash, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 small jar roasted red peppers, drained and cut into 14inch strips, 14 12 ounce can peeled tomatoes, drained, chopped and juices reserved, 1 12 cups marinara sauce, homemade or store bought, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped oregano], title: Chicken and Vegetables Marinara, picturelink: null}, 49362: {instructions: Make the marinade: Whisk 2 tablespoons cornstarch, the rice wine, oyster sauce and 2 tablespoons water in a large bowl. Cut the tofu in half horizontally to make 2 large rectangles, then cut each rectangle into 4 squares. Add to the marinade and turn to coat.nCook the peanuts in the peanut oil in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring, until lightly golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and transfer the nuts to a bowl with a slotted spoon.nDrain the tofu, reserving the marinade sprinkle both sides with the remaining 4 tablespoons cornstarch. Return the skillet to mediumhigh heat add the tofu and cook until golden, 4 minutes per side. Remove to a plate. Add the ginger, garlic, chiles and 1 teaspoon salt to the skillet stirfry 30 seconds. Add the mushrooms and snap peas stirfry until crisptender. Whisk the marinade with 1 12 cups water, add to the skillet and stir until thick, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tofu and nuts and heat through. If using dried chiles, remove before serving.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [6 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 13 cup oyster sauce, 1 14 ounce block firm tofu, drained, 1 cup unsalted peanuts preferably raw, 14 cup peanut oil or vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 8 whole dried arbol chiles or 2 jalapeno peppers, halved lengthwise, Kosher salt, 12 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps quartered, 1 pound sugar snap peas, strings removed, halved crosswise], title: Tofu and Peanut StirFry, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 49363: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta according to the package directions.nMeanwhile, add the oil and butter to a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and melt the butter. Add the garlic and onions and saute until starting to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chopped red peppers and cook until hot, 2 to 3 minutes.nCarefully transfer the contents of the skillet to a food processor or blender. Put on the lid and puree the pepper mixture until totally blended there will still be some texture to the peppers.nPour the pepper puree back into the skillet. Add the broth, 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper, and stir until heated. Splash in the cream and stir to combine. Add the parsley and basil and stir to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning if you need to.nDrain the pasta and add it to the skillet. Add the Parmesan, and then stir it together to coat the pasta.nServe in bowls with extra Parmesan and a sprinkling of parsley and basil on top., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound pasta of your choice I prefer short ones like rigatoni, penne, etc., 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 large onion, finely diced, One 16ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained and roughly chopped, 1 cup vegetable or chicken broth, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley, plus more for serving, Several leaves fresh basil, chopped, plus more for serving, 12 cup Parmesan shavings, plus more for serving], title: Quick and Easy Roasted Red Pepper Pasta, picturelink: V6EutvLiJIn2RJSK85RbP6loXZFma}, 49364: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and add the rice and salt. Cook over a low heat for 3 minutes, stirring constantly to make sure the rice doesnt burn. Add 2 cups of the broth and the juice and zest of 2 limes and bring it to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes or until the rice is done. Add more liquid as needed. The rice shouldnt be sticky.nJust before serving, stir through the juice of 1 lime and lots of chopped cilantro., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 cups longgrain rice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 to 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Juice of 3 limes and zest of 2 limes hold back juice of 1 lime for garnish, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Garlic Cilantro Lime Rice, picturelink: ajtHIFu9ulNAq5Td1ZueaSzk3FLrhO}, 49365: {instructions: Place the flour, 34 teaspoon of salt, and the butter in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and pulse 12 to 14 times, until the butter is the size of peas. With the processor running, pour the vinegar and ice water through the feed tube and continue to process and pulse until the dough just comes together. Dump out on a floured board, form into a disk, wrap in plastic, and chill for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the zucchini in a colander set over a plate. Toss it with 2 teaspoons of salt and set aside for 30 minutes. Spread the zucchini out on a clean dish towel, roll it up, and squeeze gently to remove some of the liquid. Put the zucchini slices into a bowl and toss with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. With a fork, mash together the goat cheese, thyme, lemon zest, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Roll the dough out on a floured board to an 11inch circle and place on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Spread the dough with the goat cheese mixture, leaving a 12inch border. Lay the zucchini slices in tightly overlapping circles, starting at the very edge of the pastry the zucchini will shrink when it bakes. Continue overlapping circles of zucchini until the whole tart is covered. Drizzle with the remaining tablespoon of olive oil and sprinkle with pepper. Bake for 40 to 50 minutes, until the dough is golden brown. Cut in wedges and serve hot, warm, or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks cold unsalted butter, 12inchdiced, 12 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 5 tablespoons ice water, 1 12 pounds zucchini, unpeeled and sliced 18 inch thick, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, divided, 8 ounces plain creamy goat cheese, such as Montrachet, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon grated lemon zest], title: Zucchini and Goat Cheese Tart, picturelink: rUMX.bKcRWcbX09NwYRw.sBEj4Yp7i}, 49366: {instructions: Whisk 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar and 1 tablespoon peanut oil in a large bowl. Add the steak and toss to coat refrigerate until ready to cook.nWhisk the remaining 1 tablespoon each cornstarch and soy sauce, the oyster sauce and chicken broth in a small bowl set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon peanut oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the ginger, broccoli and the remaining 1 teaspoon sugar and stirfry 3 to 4 minutes transfer to a plate. Heat 1 more tablespoon peanut oil in the skillet, add the onion and stirfry 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook, turning gently, 2 minutes. Transfer the onion and tomatoes to the plate with the broccoli.nReduce the heat to medium high add the remaining 2 tablespoons peanut oil to the skillet. Add the garlic and steak and stirfry 1 minute. Whisk the sauce mixture, then add to the skillet and simmer 1 minute. Return the vegetables to the skillet cook until the meat is cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Serve with rice, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons cornstarch, 4 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sugar, 5 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 pound flank steak, thinly sliced against the grain, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 4 thin slices peeled ginger, 1 head broccoli, cut into florets, 1 large onion, halved and sliced 12 inch thick, 3 plum tomatoes, quartered lengthwise, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Cooked white rice, for serving optional], title: Chinese Beef With Broccoli, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 49367: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a 4 quart saucepan. Add onion and carrots, cover and simmer 5 minutes or until tender. If vegetables stick to saucepan, add some water, cover and continue to simmer.nAdd the garlic and saute for a moment. Add 1 of the cans of beans and mash with a potato masher. Add the other can of beans along with the broth and bring to a simmer with the sage. Simmer 10 minutes or until as thick as you like it. If too thick, add more water if too thin, boil down until some of the liquid has evaporated.nStir the escarole or romaine lettuce into the pot, cover and simmer 5 minutes or until lettuce is tender. Uncover, add parsley and adjust seasoning. Serve with bread and salad for a complete meal., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 carrots, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 cups chicken broth, 2 16ounce cans white cannellini beans, drained, 4 fresh sage leaves, cut into chiffonade, 8 ounces escarole or romaine lettuce, cut into chiffonade, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley, salt and pepper], title: White Bean Soup with Escarole, picturelink: null}, 49368: {instructions: Special equipment: Kitchen stringnPreheat oven to 275 degrees F.nBlend together sage, rosemary, garlic, fennel seeds, salt, and pepper in a food processor until a thick paste forms. With motor running, add wine and oil and blend until combined well. If necessary, trim fat from top of pork, to leave a 18inch thick layer of fat. Make 3 small incisions, each about 1inch long and 1inch deep, in each side of pork with a small sharp knife, and fill each with about 1 teaspoon herb paste. Spread remaining herb paste over pork, concentrating on boned side, and tie roast with kitchen string at 2inch intervals.nPut pork, fat side up, in a roasting pan and roast in middle of oven 6 hours. Transfer roast to cutting board and let stand 15 minutes. Discard string and cut pork roast with an electric knife if you have one into thick slices., ingredients: [2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, 10 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon dry white wine, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 6pound boneless pork Boston shoulder roast not tied, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage], title: SixHour Pork Roast, picturelink: null}, 49369: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the oil over mediumlow heat, add the onions, saute for 5 minutes. Add the peppers and cook for 5 minutes more. Stir in the garlic and marjoram, continue to cook for 2 minutes more. Transfer vegetables to a bowl with a slotted spoon and reserve. Add the meat to the pan, increase the heat to medium, and cook the meat, breaking it up with a wooded spoon, until it just loses its color about 5 minutes. Pour excess fat from the pan and discard. Combine the meat and vegetables in the pan along with the tomato sauce, sugar, Worcestershire, vinegar, mustard, and 12 cup of the water. Bring the mixture to a simmer, cover, and cook for 20 minutes. If the mixture appears to be too dry add the additional water. Season with the salt and pepper to taste. When ready to serve divide the mixture evenly between the buns. Serve.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, diced, 1 small red pepper, trimmed, seeded and diced, 4 large cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried marjoram, 2 pounds ground beef chuck preferred, Three 8 ounces cans tomato sauce, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons yellow mustard, 12 to 34 cup water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 hamburger buns, toasted], title: Sloppy Joes, picturelink: null}, 49370: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and cook, undisturbed, until they start to color, about 5 minutes. Stir and continue cooking until golden, about 3 more minutes. Add the red onion and jalapeno season with salt and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Stir in the brisket and cook until heated through. Add 34 cup brisket sauce and cook, stirring, until absorbed, about 3 minutes.nStir in the Swiss chard until just wilted, about 2 minutes. Season with salt, then arrange the sliced cheese on top. Cook until the cheese begins to melt, about 1 more minute.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the eggs and season with salt. Cook until the whites are set, about 3 minutes.nDivide the hash among plates top each with a fried egg. Heat the remaining 14 cup brisket sauce in the empty skillet. Drizzle on the hash. Serve with the avocado.nCombine the brown sugar, chile powder, cumin, celery salt, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Rub all over the brisket, then transfer to a 5to6quart slow cooker. Combine 34 cup ketchup, the vinegar and Worcestershire sauce in another small bowl. Pour over the brisket along with 34 cup water. Cover and cook on low, 8 hours.nRemove the brisket to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Meanwhile, skim off the excess fat from the sauce stir in the remaining 12 cup ketchup. Reserve onethird of the brisket about 12 ounces and 1 cup of the brisket sauce for Southwestern Brisket Hash. Slice the remaining brisket and divide among plates. Top with some of the sauce and serve with potato salad and cornbread.nPer serving: Calories 453 Fat 12 g Saturated 5 g Cholesterol 115 mg Sodium 676 mg Carbohydrate 16 g Fiber 0 g Protein 67 gnPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound small redskinned potatoes, quartered, 1 small red onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, Kosher salt, 12 ounces leftover brisket from SlowCooker Barbecue Brisket, chopped, recipe follows, 1 cup leftover brisket sauce from SlowCooker Barbecue Brisket, recipe follows, 1 small bunch Swiss chard, stems removed, leaves chopped, 2 ounces monterey jack cheese, thinly sliced, 4 large eggs, 1 avocado, cut into wedges, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons chipotle chile powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 12 to 5 pounds pointcut beef brisket, trimmed fat cap intact, 1 14 cups ketchup, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Potato salad and cornbread, for serving optional], title: Southwestern Brisket Hash, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 49371: {instructions: For the chocolate layer: Place the chocolate chips and cream in a small bowl. Place over a pan of barely simmering water and stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth, about 5 minutes. Spoon the mixture into the bottom of 6 espresso cups. Refrigerate until set, about 20 minutes.nFor the jelly layer: Pour 12 cup water in a medium bowl. Sprinkle the gelatin on top and set aside for 5 minutes until softened. In a small saucepan, combine another 12 cup water, sugar, and espresso powder. Bring to a boil, whisking frequently, until the sugar has dissolved. Pour the espresso mixture over the gelatin and whisk until the gelatin has dissolved. Whisk in the coffee liqueur. Set aside to cool, about 15 minutes. Ladle the gelatin mixture over the chocolate layer. Refrigerate until set, about 1 12 hours.nFor the whipped cream: In a medium bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the cream on medium speed until thick. Add the vanilla and beat until the cream holds stiff peaks.nLet the jellies stand at room temperature for 15 minutes. Dollop with whipped cream and serve., ingredients: [12 cup semisweet chocolate chips recommended: Ghirardelli, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 14ounce packet unflavored gelatin recommended: Knox, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 14 cup coffee liqueur recommended: Kahlua, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Special equipment: 6 espresso or 4 4ounce demitasse cups, or 4 ramekins], title: Espresso and Chocolate Jellies, picturelink: zNUuyM1ZMcDbX6y9R7V0O6caooiHdze}, 49372: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoast the guajillo, ancho, and cascabel chiles on a pan in the oven until toasted and aromatic. Let cool they should be crispy. Grind them in a spice grinder. Season the outside of the racks and the legs with the ground chile powder.nReduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nHeat the 2 tablespoons olive oil and 2 tablespoons butter in a saute pan. Brown the cippolini onions on both sides, and then deglaze with the some of the liquid from the Barbacoa. Braise in the oven, turning them occasionally to glaze them, until very tender.nCut each potato in half and use a melon baller to make 32 little balls. In a saute pan, brown the potatoes on both sides in 2 tablespoons each olive oil and butter, then deglaze with more of the liquid from the Barbacoa. Braise in the oven, turning over occasionally to glaze them well, until very tender.nSeason the leg of goat with salt. Heat some olive oil in a roasting pan over mediumhigh heat and sear the leg on all sides until well browned. Wrap in banana leaves. Roast until it reaches an internal temperature of 130 degrees F, 25 to 30 minutes. Let rest.nSeason the racks of goat with salt. Heat some olive oil in a roasting pan over mediumhigh heat and sear the racks until well browned. Roast in between banana leaves until it reaches an internal temperature of 125 degrees F for medium rare, about 6 minutes. Let rest.nTo plate: Divide the cippolini and potatoes evenly among 8 broad rimmed bowls. In each bowl, arrange a portion of the Barbacoa see Barbacoa recipe, a slice of the roasted leg, and a rack chop with the bone. Sprinkle the cut side of the meat with sea salt. Use the braising liquid from the Barbacoa to fill the well of the bowl and provide the sauce for the dish. Garnish with 3 chives and freshly ground black pepper.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [6 guajillo chiles, seeded, 6 ancho chiles, seeded, 6 cascabel chiles, seeded, 2 bonein racks of goat 2 to 3 pounds total bones frenched, 2 legs of goat 4 to 5 pounds total, Olive oil, 4 tablespoons butter, 16 cippolini onions, Braising liquid from the Barbacoa of goat shoulder recipe, 16 butterball potatoes, C size, Banana leaves, Sea salt, 24 long chives, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Goat Rack and Leg, picturelink: null}, 49373: {instructions: Rinse fish and pat dry. Baste the grill rack with clarified butter. Break the eggs onto a platter and mix with the clarified butter to form an egg wash for the fish. Preheat the broiler. Dust the fish with flour. Brush with egg wash on both sides. Place under broiler and broil for 5 minutes. Remove from the oven turn the fish over and brush and brush with egg wash. Return to the broiler and broil until golden brown. Remove the shell and then the sand track from the shrimp and cut them in half lengthwise. Wash the mushrooms, dry and cut into 12inch slices. Saute shrimp and mushrooms a few minutes in a hot pan coated with a little clarified butter. Squeeze about 2 teaspoons of lemon juice over the mixture and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add 2 ounces Sherry and ignite. Wash, dry and chop the chives. Add to shrimpmushroom mixture.nBlend the 2 teaspoons of salted butter with the 2 tablespoons of flour to form a Beurre Manie. Add butterflour mixture to the pan and stir until well combined. Heat a serving platter. Slide fish onto platter, cut in half from the head to the tail and pour shrimpmushroom sauce over fish., ingredients: [1 14 pounds Pompano, cleaned, All purpose flour for dusting, 1 egg, Clarified butter, 6 ounces jumbo shrimp, 6 ounces mushrooms, 1 lemon, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 level teaspoon fresh chives, 2 teaspoons salted butter, 2 teaspoons all purpose flour], title: Pompano Buster, picturelink: Noj026pdzeKl8n6G58HlW7Cv8ATOiZ6}, 49374: {instructions: Whisk together mustard powder and pickle vinegar until smooth. Let the mixture sit for 10 minutes so flavors have time to develop. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir in roasted garlic paste. Transfer to a jar and refrigerate., ingredients: [12 cup mustard powder, 6 Tbs. pickle vinegar juice thats in a jar of dill pickles, Gray salt, freshlyground black pepper, 1 Tbs. Napastyle Roasted Garlic Paste optional], title: Ballpark Mustard, picturelink: null}, 49375: {instructions: Special equipment: eight bamboo skewers, soaked in cold water 30 minutesnFor the pickled vegetables: Combine the sugar, fish sauce, vinegar and 1 cup water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. Transfer the mixture to an airtight container and add the papaya, chiles and carrots. Mix well, seal and let pickle overnight or up to 24 hours.nFor the beef: Combine the Kroeung paste, annatto oil, fish sauce and liquid sugar in a mixing bowl with a pinch sea salt. Stir until the salt has dissolved, then add the beef and mix until well coated. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours.nHeat a grill or grill pan to medium heat.nThread the beef slices onto the soaked skewers and grill until desired doneness, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Slice the baguettes halfway through, creating a pocket. Fill each one with some pickled vegetables and 2 beef skewers. Pull the skewers out of the rolls and serve., ingredients: [4 13 ounces sugar, 13 cup fish sauce, 13 cup white vinegar, 1 pound green papaya, peeled and shredded, 2 long red chiles, finely sliced, 12 carrot, shredded, 14 cup Kroeung paste Cambodian curry paste, 2 tablespoons annatto oil, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon liquid palm sugar or shaved palm sugar jaggery, Sea salt, 1 pound 2 ounces beef brisket, finely sliced, 4 Vietnamese baguettes], title: Khmer Beef Skewers, picturelink: null}, 49376: {instructions: Rinse the squid under cool water and pat dry with paper towels. Cut the body of the squid into 12inch rings and trim the tentacles as necessary. Combine the milk, egg, and basil leaves in a bowl mix with a fork until lightly beaten. Put the prepared calamari in the milk mixture and stick it in the refrigerator while getting everything else set up it fries better if marinated and chilled for about 15 minutes.nPour about 2 inches of oil in a fryer or large, heavy pot and heat to 375 degrees F. Mix the flour and paprika in a pie dish or plate season with a fair amount of salt and pepper. Toss the calamari in the seasoned flour to coat. Fry for 1 to 3 minutes or until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and salt, to taste. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the fried calamari to paper towels to drain. Serve immediately with lemon wedges and dipping sauces.nSmoked Jalapeno Aioli:n1 cup mayonnaisen1 to 2 canned chipotle chile in adobon1 garlic clove, coarsely choppedn12 lemon, juicedn1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsleynPinch saltnCombine all ingredients in a food processor and blend for 1 minute to combine. Set aside to allow the flavors to marry. Serve as a dipping sauce with fried calamari.nYield: 1 cupnTomatoBasil Sauce:n3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oiln2 garlic cloves, mincedn4 fresh basil leaves, handtornn1 16ounce can crushed tomatoesnPinch sugarnKosher salt and freshly ground black peppernCoat a saucepan with 2 tablespoons of the oil and warm over medium heat. Add the garlic and basil cook, stirring, until soft. Add the crushed tomatoes and sugar season with salt and pepper. Simmer the sauce for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the remaining olive oil. Serve as a dipping sauce with fried calamari.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [1 pound whole squid, cleaned, 1 cup milk, 1 large egg, 6 fresh basil leaves, chopped, Canola oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons paprika, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lemon wedges, for serving, Smoked jalapeno aioli, for dipping, recipe follows, Tomatobasil sauce, for dipping, recipe follows], title: Calamari Fritti, picturelink: null}, 49377: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Scrub the sweet potatoes and dry well transfer to a baking sheet. Bake until easily pierced with a knife, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool 5 minutes.nRoast the poblanos over the flame of a gas burner or under the broiler, turning, until charred all over, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let cool. Peel off the charred skins and remove the stems and seeds. Finely chop the peppers and set aside.nOne at a time, hold each sweet potato with a kitchen towel and halve lengthwise. Scoop the flesh into a large bowl, leaving a 14inchthick shell. Mash the flesh with the butter, 3 tablespoons crema, the lime zest and adobo sauce until smooth. Stir in the poblanos and scallions season with salt and pepper. Brush the potato skins with melted butter and season the insides with salt and pepper. Return to the baking sheet.nMound the filling into the sweet potato skins and sprinkle the tops with the cheese. Return to the oven and bake until the filling starts browning and the skins are crisp, 16 to 18 minutes. Season with salt.nStir the remaining 3 tablespoons crema in a small bowl with enough lime juice until thin enough to drizzle. Season with salt. Drizzle the lime crema over the sweet potatoes and top with cilantro.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes 10 to 12 ounces each, 2 poblano chile peppers, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus melted butter for brushing, 6 tablespoons Mexican crema or creme frache, Grated zest and juice of 1 lime, 2 teaspoons adobo sauce from a can of chipotles in adobo, 14 cup chopped scallions, Freshly ground pepper, 1 cup grated mild cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, Chopped fresh cilantro, for topping], title: PoblanoCheddar TwiceBaked Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 49378: {instructions: Heat a grill pan to mediumhigh or heat an outdoor grill.nPeel and rinse the tomatillos. Halve the tomatillos and thread onto metal skewers along with the onions, peppers and garlic. Spray the skewered ingredients with cooking spray and grill for 15 minutes. Scrape the charred ingredients into a food processor and add the cilantro, the lime zest, lime juice, honey, cumin and salt, to taste. Process to form a sauce  if too thick, add 14 to 13 cup water. Add the chicken and the sauce to a large bowl and toss together.nChar the tortillas on a grill or over a flame burner. Spray a cake pan with cooking spray, then add a tortilla and top with 14 of the chicken mixture, 4 rounded teaspoonsized dollops of creme fraiche or sour cream and some shredded Swiss and Monterey Jack. Add another tortilla and continue to build until you have 4 layers of chicken and cheese ending with a tortilla. Spray the top tortilla with cooking spray and put the pan in a preheated 400 degree F oven or on an outdoor grill with the lid down to melt the cheese, about 5 minutes. Put a plate over the pan and invert it onto a cutting board. Cut into 4 wedges and serve., ingredients: [6 tomatillos, Metal skewers, 1 medium red onion, peeled and quartered, 1 jalapeno pepper, halved and seeded, 1 poblano pepper, seeded and quartered, 2 large cloves garlic, peeled, Cooking spray, A small handful cilantro leaves, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 13 palmful, Salt, 1 rotisserie chicken, skin removed and meat shredded, 5 8inch flour tortillas, 34 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 2 cups shredded Swiss cheese, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack or mild Cheddar], title: Chicken Suizas Quesadilla Cakes, picturelink: null}, 49379: {instructions: Marinate shrimp and sliced chicken together in soy sauce, wine, cornstarch and white pepper for 20 minutes. In a hot wok coated well with oil, stir fry ginger, scallions and garlic. Add marinated shrimp and chicken to oil and stir fry quickly for 30 seconds to one minute. Remove shrimp and chicken and set aside. Use same oil to stir fry bean sprouts, peppers and onions. Season and cook for 1 minute and set aside. Wipe out wok and coat well with oil. When oil is smoking hot, add 2 beaten eggs and rotate the pan so as to quickly spread the eggs into a pancake shape. While the egg is still partially fluid, add rice noodles to the wok. Stir and fold noodles and the eggs should be broken up into small pieces and dispersed uniformly. Continue to stir to avoid noodles from sticking to the pan. Add curry powder and check for seasoning. When noodles are steaming hot, add back shrimp, chicken and vegetables to the noodles and continue to mix and stir until everything is steaming hot.nPLATING Serve family style on an oval platter., ingredients: [1 pound thin rice noodles, soaked in cold water for 2 hours, and drained, 1 pound baby shrimps, without shells, deveined, rinsed and drained, 1 skinless chicken breast, 14inch strips, 14 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, Canola oil, to cook, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 12 cup scallions batons, 1inch lengths, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 pound bean sprout, picked, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 onion, julienned, 2 eggs, lightly scrambled, 2 tablespoons Madras curry powder, Salt and white pepper to taste], title: Pops Singapore Noodles, picturelink: null}, 49380: {instructions: Place all the vegetables in a large heavybottomed saucepan with a big splash of olive oil and the ginger, garlic, chili, basil stalks, coriander seeds and cloves. Season with the pepper and a good pinch of salt.nCook gently over a low heat for 10 to 15 minutes until softened, stirring every so often. Add all the tomatoes and 1 12 cups of cold water. Bring to the boil and simmer gently until the sauce reduces by half.nAdd the basil leaves, then whiz the sauce in a food processor or with a hand blender and push it through a sieve twice, to make it smooth and shiny. Put the sauce into a clean pan and add the vinegar and the sugar. Place the sauce on the heat and simmer until it reduces and thickens to the consistency of tomato ketchup. At this point, correct the seasoning to taste.nSpoon the ketchup through a sterilized funnel into sterilized bottles, then seal tightly and place in a cool dark place or the refrigerator until needed  it should keep for 6 months., ingredients: [1 large red onion, peeled and roughly chopped, 12 bulb fennel, trimmed and roughly chopped, 1 stick celery, trimmed and roughly chopped, Olive oil, Thumbsized piece fresh ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced, 12 a fresh red chili, deseeded and finely chopped, Bunch fresh basil, leaves picked, stalks chopped, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 2 cloves, Sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound amazing cherry or plum tomatoes, halved plus 1 pound canned plum tomatoes, chopped or 2 pounds yellow, orange or green tomatoes, chopped, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup soft brown sugar], title: Homemade Tomato Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 49381: {instructions: Halve and core the pear, then cut into slices, leaving the stemend intact and not cutting through to separate the slices. Squeeze the lemon juice over the cut side of the pear halves.nSeason the ricotta with 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, then place in 2 mounds on a plate. Top the ricotta mounds with the sliced pear halves, gently fanning out the slices. Drizzle the pears with honey and sprinkle with the pine nuts., ingredients: [1 ripe Anjou or Bosc pear, 12 a lemon, 12 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Honey, for drizzling, 1 tablespoon toasted pine nuts], title: HoneyRicotta Pear, picturelink: null}, 49382: {instructions: Arrange carrots on a steamer rack in a large pan over 1inch water. Cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat. Steam until tender about 12 minutes. Plunge carrots into cold water to stop the cooking. Pulse in a food processor or pass though a food mill fitted with the medium disk. Add formula, breast milk, or boiled and cooled water as needed. Fill 14cup plastic containers or ice cube trays with puree., ingredients: [1 12 pounds organic carrots, peeled if not organi, and cut into 1inch pieces], title: Carrots  Babyfood, picturelink: null}, 49383: {}, 49384: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook as the label directs. Drain and rinse under cold water until cool.nWhisk the vinegar, yogurt, mustard, scallions, dill, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Drizzle in the olive oil, whisking to combine. Add the spaghetti, bell pepper, ham, cheese and romaine toss to combine.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces multigrain spaghetti, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons lowfat plain yogurt, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill optional, Freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced, 2 ounces delisliced ham, cut into strips, 2 ounces cheddar cheese, cut into sticks, 12 small head romaine lettuce, thinly sliced], title: HamandCheese Noodle Salad, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 49385: {instructions: fdfd, ingredients: [d], title: Recipes are temporarily unavailable. Please check back in the near future and we are sorry for any inconvenience., picturelink: null}, 49386: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute mushrooms, onions and peppers until tender, 7 to 8 minutes then season with salt and pepper. Deglaze the pan with stock.nCombine the sausage and sirloin with grill seasoning, garlic and parsley. Mix and form 4 patties thinner at the center and thicker at the edges for even cooking and to keep burgers from bulging. Heat cast iron or nonstick skillet with 1 tablespoon olive oil over mediumhigh heat, cook patties 12 minutes turning once and top with mushrooms, onions and peppers and 2 slices of cheese. Turn heat off and cover pan with foil to melt cheese, 2 minutes. Pile on buns and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound cremini mushrooms, sliced, 1 large onion, quartered lengthwise then sliced, 2 Cubanelle peppers, seeded and halved lengthwise, then thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup beef stock, 1 pound bulk hot Italian sausage, 1 pound ground sirloin, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 2 large cloves garlic, grated, A handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 8 deli slices provolone cheese, 4 sesame Kaiser rolls, split], title: MOP Sausage Burgers, picturelink: oG0GuR7SzGG.zT6wv.9ELMj.eLwOGW}, 49387: {instructions: To make the glaze: In a large bowl combine the miso paste, soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil, and garlic.nPreheat grill to medium.nBrush salmon fillets with the glaze. Grill over medium direct heat and continue brushing with glaze throughout cooking process., ingredients: [1 cup miso paste soy bean paste, 1 cup low sodium soy sauce, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 6 salmon fillets], title: Miso Glazed Salmon, picturelink: VuD6c68KNdgahb8OchdHGV9fzZycG}, 49388: {instructions: Spread the mascarpone evenly over the pickle slices. Top with a few threads of pickled red onion and a sprinkle of chives., ingredients: [12 cup mascarpone cheese, Twelve 12inchthick pickle slices, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced pickled red onion, 1 tablespoon finely cut fresh chives], title: Mascarpone Pickle Bites, picturelink: null}, 49389: {instructions: Pie Crust: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, mix the flour, salt, and sugar for 1 minute. Add the butter and mix just until you have a crumbly, sandy mixture. You should still be able to see the pieces of butter. In a small bowl, stir the water and vinegar together. With the mixer running at medium speed, drizzle in the watervinegar mixture and mix just until a dough forms. You should still see small bits of butter. Turn out onto a work surface, divide the dough in half, and shape into round, flat disks. Wrap separately in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes before using. Or, refrigerate up to 48 hours or freeze up to 1 month before using. If frozen, let thaw in the refrigerator overnight before rolling out.nWhen the time comes to roll out the dough, let the dough warm up for a few minutes at room temperature. Dust a work surface with just a few tablespoons of flour and keep some extra flour at hand. If you like, you can roll out the dough between 2 sheets of waxed paper flouring the bottom sheet and the top of the dough before rolling, which makes it much easier to transfer to the pan later on. However, you wont be able to check the progress of the dough as easily. Its entirely up to you. Sprinkle a little flour on top of the dough and start rolling outward from the center with quick, light strokes. Dont worry if the edges split a bit concentrate on forming a good circle from the center. Lift up and rotate the dough 14 turn every minute or so to help ensure even rolling. The dough should feel smooth and soft some say it should feel like the inside of your forearm. If it gets sticky, sprinkle on a bit more flour, but dont do this more than 2 or 3 times the dough will absorb too much flour. Instead, put it back in the refrigerator for 15 minutes to firm up the butter. Keep rolling until the circle is at least 2 inches larger than your pan for example, 11 inches wide for a 9inch pie pan, or 3 inches larger for deepdish pies.nSet your pie or tart pan nearby. We always use heavy aluminum pans, because glass pans seem to bake the crust too fast. However, we know that the advantage of glass is that you can easily check the color of the crust. Again, its up to you. Either choice will work. To transfer the crust to the pan, we find it easiest to roll a finished crust up onto the rolling pin, then gently unroll it in the pan. Or, you can fold it gently in quarters, lift it up, position the center point on the center of the pan, and unfold it into the pan. If using waxed paper, peel off the top layer, turn the crust gently into the pan, and peel off the remaining paper. Make sure that the dough is allowed to settle completely into the pan.nDont stretch and press the dough into the corners stretched dough will likely shrink back when you bake it. Instead, lift the edges of the crust to let it settle down into the corners. If the dough tears a bit, dont be concerned well patch it in a minute. Using scissors or a sharp knife, trim the dough to within 34inch of the rim. Use any extra scraps to patch the crust, pressing with your fingers wet them if necessary or set aside. Leave the edges of the bottom crust hanging over the rim.nRoll out the second piece of dough into a circle about 11 inches in diameter. Line a sheet pan with parchment or waxed paper. Roll the dough up onto the rolling pin, and then unroll it onto the sheet pan. Chill for 20 to 30 minutes before filling.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees.nIn a medium bowl, toss the apple slices, sugar, salt, cornstarch, cinnamon, nutmeg, and vanilla together. Transfer to the pie shell, and dot with the butter. Brush the overhanging edges of the dough with water. Carefully place the rolledout top crust on top and pinch the edges together, turning under all around to make a thick edge. To decorate the rim, just press it all around with the back of a fork. For a slightly more advanced look, press the thumb and forefinger of one hand together. Use them to gently push the thick dough rim outward, while pushing inward with the forefinger of the other hand, so that they intersect in a V with the dough in between. Repeat all around the rim to make a wavy edge.nWith the tips of a pair of scissors, snip 4 evenly spaced small vent holes in the top crust. Brush the top of the pie with cream, then sprinkle evenly with sugar.nPlace the pie on a sheet pan to catch any juices that boil over. Bake in the center of the oven for 10 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees and bake until the crust is golden brown and the juices are bubbling at the vents, 40 to 50 minutes more. Check the pie after 30 minutes if the crust is browning too quickly, cover lightly with foil. Let cool at least 30 minutes before serving. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 ounces 3 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup ice water strain out the ice just before using, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 5 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and thickly sliced, 12 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Apple Pie as It Should Be, picturelink: Zo1O8W5CSi0Jg96hi4niPMxQS88wNMO}, 49390: {instructions: On a clean cutting board, remove the tentacles from the bodies of the squid and reserve. Make sure the tubes are cleaned out and split them open lengthwise so they look like a flat triangle. Using a matte knife, lightly score the squid in a crosshatch pattern. Cut each tube into four pieces of roughly equal size.nIn a bowl, combine 1 tablespoon of soy sauce with 1 teaspoon of cornstarch and toss the squid in it to coat. Marinate while preparing for the rest of the dish. Combine the miso broth and balsamic vinegar with the remaining cornstarch.nIn a hot pan or wok, add the sesame oil and swirl to coat the pan. Add the squid and cook for 30 to 40 seconds. It will curl up naturally and brown. Working quickly, add the garlic, ginger, and chiles. Allow them to fry for 10 to 15 seconds stirring constantly they can burn fast. Add the onion, mushrooms, and bell pepper and saute for another minute. Pour in the stock mixture and simmer until the sauce begins to thicken. Season with white pepper and additional soy sauce, if necessary. Serve over rice., ingredients: [12 pound squid tentacles and tubes, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 12 cup miso broth 12 cup water mixed with 1 tablespoon miso paste, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 12 teaspoon thinly sliced garlic, 14 teaspoon minced ginger, 2 dried arbol chiles, 13 cup medium dice sweet onion, 14 cup tornintostrips oyster mushrooms, 13 cup medium dice red bell pepper, Freshly ground white pepper], title: Squid Vicious, picturelink: null}, 49391: {instructions: Mix flour, sugar and salt in a mixing bowl. Work butter into flour mixture with hands or a pastry blender until it resembles coarse meal. Add enough cold water to bring dough together into a ball, handling dough as little as possible. Wrap dough ball in plastic wrap. Chill at least 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nRoll the dough into a free form circle, approximately 14inches in diameter. Place on baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Sprinkle center of dough with 14 cup of flour. Toss nectarines, plums and blueberries with 1 cup of sugar. Spread mixture in center of dough to within 3 inches of edge. Fold dough border over the mixture, leaving a circle uncovered in the center. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until the dough is golden brown and fruit is tender.nDust with confectioners sugar. Serve warm or at room temperature with creme fraiche., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 pound unsalted butter, cold, 2 tablespoons cold water, 14 cup flour, 5 cups nectarines and plums seeded and sliced, 1 pint blueberries, 1 cup sugar, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Creme fraiche, for garnish], title: Nectarine Plum and Blueberry Crostata, picturelink: null}, 49392: {instructions: Mix the flour, salt and yeast in a bowl. Stir in 1 12 cups375 ml water to blend. What youll have is a wet, shaggy, sticky dough, but not so wet as to be batter. Cover the bowl with a tea towel and let it rest in a warm place for at least 12 hours, and up to 24 hours. Its ready for the next step when the surface is dotted with bubbles.nFlour a work surface and dump the dough out onto it. Sprinkle over a little more flour and fold it once or twice. Cover with the tea towel and let rest 15 minutes.nUsing only enough flour to keep the dough from sticking to your fingers, shape the dough into a ball. Coat a cotton towel with cornmeal, wheat bran or flour and lay the dough on it, seamside down. Dust with more cornmeal, wheat bran or flour. You need quite a lot because you want to be sure the dough doesnt stick to the towel. Cover and let rise for about 2 hours. When ready, the dough will be more than double in size.nHalf an hour before the dough is ready, preheat the oven to 450 degrees F230 degrees C. Put a 2liter castiron pot or Dutch oven cocotte inside to heat.nWhen the dough is ready, remove the pot from the oven and turn the dough into it, seamside up. It will look messy, but this is OK. Shake the pot to settle the bread evenly. Cover with the lid and bake for 30 minutes. Remove the lid and bake until the loaf is nicely browned, another 15 to 30 minutes. Cool on a rack., ingredients: [3 cups375 g allpurpose flour, plus more as needed, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon instant yeast, Cornmeal, wheat bran or extra flour, as needed], title: The Miracle Boule, picturelink: null}, 49393: {instructions: Rub the chicken quarters with lime, rinse, and pat dry. Sprinkle with salt.nIn a suitable bowl, mix the rest of the ingredients and add the chicken. Rub mixture in thoroughly and allow to marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours, preferably overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F or light the barbecue.nGrill or roast the chicken slowly until very tender, for about 40 minutes., ingredients: [1 4 to 5pound whole chicken, cut in quarters skin on, 1 lime, halved, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon oil, 2 tablespoons jerk seasoning or 3 tablespoons jerk marinade, 1 tablespoon dark rum or 2 tablespoons regular rum, optional], title: Jerk Chicken, picturelink: null}, 49394: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients in a mixing bowl and incorporate evenly. In a small pot, heat 4 to 6 cups of water.nFill your mug half full with the mixture and pour in hot water. Stir to combine. Seal the rest in an airtight container, keeps indefinitely in the pantry. This also works great with warm milk., ingredients: [2 cups powdered sugar, 1 cup cocoa Dutchprocess preferred, 2 12 cups powdered milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or more to taste, Hot water], title: Hot Cocoa, picturelink: A3x8ncHgtDbpOJGe3Mxe7T8cpEXrC}, 49395: {instructions: Simmer the prunes in the wine over moderate heat, covered, until plump and tender, about 10 minutes. Strain and reserve the red wine.nBone and tie the pork fillets. Saute the fillets in the oil until they are a rich golden brown on all sides, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer fillets to a plate. Add the mirepoix and the bones to the pan and saute to brown lightly, 8 to 10 minutes. Additional oil may have to be added to keep the mirepoix from burning.nAdd the wine from the prunes and deglaze the pan. Place the pork fillets on top of the mirepoix the liquid should come part way up the pork chops, cover, and simmer gently over very low heat or until the fillets are tender when pierced with the tip of a sharp knife, 5 to 8 minutes.nPlace the fillets in an oven preheated to 325 and immediately turn off the heat. The meat should be cooked within 10 and 15 minutes. Take care not to overcook the pork. Use tongs to transfer the meat to a heated platter and remove the strings. Arrange three prunes on each fillet, then cover the fillets with foil.nPour the rest of the contents of the pan through a finemesh strainer, pressing down on the vegetables to extract all the juices. Return the juices to the pan and reduce by half rapidly, stirring and scraping any brown bits that cling to the pan. Add the cream and continue to boil down rapidly until the color becomes a light beige and the mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon.nWhisk in the jelly and continue to cook, whisking, until the jelly is dissolved. Taste and correct seasoning of the sauce. Spoon the sauce over the fillets, sprinkle with minced parsley, and serve., ingredients: [18 large dried pitted prunes, 2 cups dry white wine, 6 rib pork chops, 1 12inch thick, Canola oil, 14 cup each diced carrot, celery, and onion, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream or creme fraiche, 2 teaspoons red currant jelly, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced parsley], title: Braised Pork Fillets with Prunes and Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49396: {}, 49397: {instructions: In a chilled bowl, mix tuna, hot pepper sauce, chives, olive oil, salt and pepper together. Using a PVC mold or empty can, build a parfait alternating layers with tuna and tobiko, then tuna and caviar. Top with whipped cream and garnish with chive points. Drizzle plate with vinaigrette.nMix all together. Should not be emulsified but a broken vinaigrette. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [4 ounces Ahi tuna, finely diced, 2 dashes hot pepper sauce, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives, 1 teaspoon olive oil, Salt and black pepper to taste, 4 ounces wasabi tobiko, 2 ounces Osetra caviar, 1 tablespoon unsweetened whipped cream, per serving, Wasabi Tobiko Vinaigrette, 12 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 14 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon wasabi tobiko, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Ahi Tuna Parfait with Wasabi Tobiko Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 49398: {instructions: Line up 4 parfait, white wine, or other tall glasses.nSpoon 2 tablespoons of yogurt into each glass and smooth surface.nSpoon 2 tablespoons of granola overtop and smooth surface.nSpoon 2 tablespoons of fruit overtop and smooth surface.nRepeat the process, adding a bit of honey here and there, to taste., ingredients: [2 cups plain yogurt, 2 cups your favorite granola, 2 cups fresh berries raspberries, blueberries, strawberries hulled and sliced, andor other fruit such as bananas, peaches or mangos, peeled and sliced, 4 tablespoons honey], title: Granola, Yogurt, Berry Parfait, picturelink: null}, 49399: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with a nonstick liner.nMelt the chocolate in a large heatproof bowl set over simmering water, stirring until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 4 minutes. Remove the bowl from the heat and add the popcorn, peanuts, and salt. Fold the mixture until the popcorn and peanuts are evenly coated with the chocolate.nScrape the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet and spread into a thin layer.nRefrigerate for about 30 minutes, or until cold and firm. Break into small clusters and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 5 days., ingredients: [12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, preferably Valrhona Caraebe 66, chopped, 3 cups freshly popped popcorn, 12 cup salted peanuts preferably Virginia, Pinch of kosher salt], title: Popcorn and Peanut Bark, picturelink: null}, 49400: {instructions: Cut the bacon into 1inch pieces a fry it in a heavy skillet until it is crisp and has rendered most of its fat. Add the okra and onion and saute them in the bacon drippings, stirring occasionally, until the onion is translucent and the okra is tender. Add the rice, water, and salt and pepper and continue to cook for 5 minutes, making sure that all of the ingredients are well mixed. Transfer the rice and okra mixture to top section of a steamer, add water to the bottom, cover, and cook until the rice is fluffy and dry. The cooking times will depend on the type of rice, but this should take between 45 minutes and 1 hour. Serve hot and use a rice spoon, if you have one. In the rest of the world, this is a longhandle stuffed spoon. In rice eating Charleston, its a rice spoon., ingredients: [5 strips lean bacon, 3 cups thinly sliced okra, 1 small onion, minced, 1 cup washed raw longgrain rice, 1 cup water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Limpin Susan, picturelink: null}, 49401: {instructions: 1. Place a chicken breast on a cutting board and set your palm on top of it. Use a sharp knife to slice the chicken into 2 or 3 cutlets. Repeat with the other 2 breasts. Blot dry with paper towels and season with the salt and pepper. Place the flour in a shallow dish and dredge the chicken through it, evenly coating the chicken on both sides. Place on a plate and set aside. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Set the chicken in the pan and cook on each side until browned, 6 to 8 minutes total. Transfer the chicken to a platter.n2. Add the mushrooms to the pan and cook, stirring often, until they are browned, about 5 minutes.n3. Pour the wine and lemon juice into the pan, using a wooden spoon to stir and scrape up any browned bits from the pan bottom.n4. Add the capers and then stir in the butter until it is melted and the sauce comes together. Turn off the heat and pour over the chicken before serving., ingredients: [3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, rinsed and patted dry, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 pound white button mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced, 14 cup dry white wine, Juice of 2 lemons, 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: FourStep Chicken Piccata, picturelink: null}, 49402: {instructions: Pour the wine into a large cast iron pot and add all of the ingredients. Place a lid on the pot, and heat on the stove for a minimum of 5 minutes, or until boiling. Remove the pot from the fire and be sure that the duck liver is completely submerged in the liquid. Allow everything to come to room temperature, and then place the pot in the refrigerator for 24 hours. Remove the duck liver from the wine, and cut into thick slices. Accompany the meat with a salad and some green asparagus spears served with a vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 12 bottles red wine preferably from Bordeaux, About 1 pound fresh duck liver, 3 12 ounces sliced carrots, 4 pieces star anise, 1 cup sliced leeks, 1 large onion, peeled and sliced, 2 cloves, 1 tablespoon sweet peppercorns, 2 large handfuls coarse salt, 1 large handful powdered sugar, Salad, your choice, for serving, Vinaigrette, your choice, for serving, Green asparagus, for serving], title: Duck Foie Gras in Spiced Red Wine, picturelink: null}, 49403: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the top 12 inch off each head of garlic, exposing the cloves. Set the garlic in the center of a square of heavy aluminum foil. Pour 1 teaspoon of the honey and 1 teaspoon of the olive oil over the garlic, replace the tops, and fold up the sides of the foil to make a package, crimping the top tight. Bake until very tender and golden, 40 to 45 minutes.nTransfer the baked garlic to a bowl, including all the juices in the foil pouch. When cool enough to handle, remove the garlic heads and carefully pop out the garlic cloves by pushing up from the bottom try to keep the cloves intact. Add the remaining teaspoon honey and tablespoon olive oil and gently stir to combine.nHeat a very wide skillet over medium heat, and add the butter and pine nuts. When they begin to sizzle and turn golden brown, add half of the Swiss chard. Cook, stirring, until the greens wilt, a minute or two. Add the remaining chard. Once all of the chard is wilted, season with salt and pepper, and cook until most of the liquid has simmered off, another 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the honeyroasted garlic to the chard, mix very gently to combine, and serve., ingredients: [2 heads garlic, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons salted butter, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 2 bunches almost 2 pounds Swiss chard, stripped of stems and cut into 1inch pieces 10 cups, Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Swiss Chard with HoneyRoasted Garlic, picturelink: null}, 49404: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nPlace jalapenos on a sheet tray and roast for 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nHeat the oil in a medium saute pan. Add onions, peppers, garlic and sausage and cook for about 2 minutes. Remove and place in a large bowl. Cool to room temperature, then add mascarpone, and Parmesan. Mix ingredients thoroughly and season with salt and pepper.nPlace approximately 1 tablespoon of mixture into each jalapeno half, and top with 12 teaspoon of mozzarella cheese.nPlace the sheet tray of stuffed peppers in oven and bake for 5 minutes or until mozzarella cheese melts.nGarnish with minced chives and Parmesan., ingredients: [15 jalapenos, preferably red, cut in 12, seeded and deveined, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 14 cup minced red onion, 14 cup minced red bell pepper, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 pounds mild Italian sausage, casings removed, 2 cups mascarpone or cream cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, Salt and pepper, 12 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, Minced chives], title: Italian Stuffed Jalapenos, picturelink: null}, 49405: {instructions: Bring water to a boil, add brown rice, cover and cook over very low heat for 30 minutes. Check the brown rice if not tender, cook for 5 minutes longer. Drain and spread the rice out in a shallow bowl to cool somewhat.nWhile rice is cooking in the bottom of a mixing bowl combine the oils, vinegar, mustard and season to taste with salt and pepper.nWhen chicken is done, combine the rice, peas, basil and parsley and adjust the seasoning., ingredients: [2 34 cups salted water, 1 cup uncooked long grain brown rice, 3 tablespoons each vegetable and olive oil, 3 to 4 tablespoons rice or Champagne vinegar, Touch of Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups thawed frozen petite peas, 14 cup torn basil leaves, 14 cup chopped flat leaf parsley leaves], title: Warm Brown Rice Salad, picturelink: null}, 49406: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F and arrange rack in middle. Butter 4 6ounce ramekins and set aside.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in a large frying pan over medium heat. When it foams, add onion, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and cook until softened, about 1 minute. Add spinach and cook until spinach is well wilted, about 2 minutes.nPlace ham on bottom of ramekins and top with spinach. Crack eggs into ramekins, place 1 tablespoon cream over each egg, and divide half of cheese evenly among ramekins.nPut ramekins on a baking sheet and bake, rotating pan halfway through baking, until whites are just set but yolks are still runny, about 15 to 18 minutes.nMeanwhile, spread remaining 2 tablespoons butter on 4 slices sourdough bread. Top with grated cheese and toast until golden brown. Serve eggs with toast., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more to butter ramekins, 2 tablespoons minced yellow onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces baby spinach, 4 slices Canadian bacon, 4 large eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 ounce grated aged Cheddar, plus extra for serving, Sourdough bread], title: Baked Eggs with Canadian Bacon, Spinach, and Aged Cheddar, picturelink: kZ3Xj7y8QrFs0zV1.uJKem8EORYgIAG}, 49407: {instructions: Open cheese place in the middle of serving plate, top with sundried tomato spread and the chopped parsley. Surround with flat bread crackers., ingredients: [1 container soft herb cheese recommended: Boursin, 14 cup sundried tomato spread or tapenade, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 package flat bread crackers], title: Easy Cheesy Snacks, picturelink: null}, 49408: {instructions: Halve the 3 avocados and remove the pits. Spoon out flesh into a food processor and add wasabi, lemon juice, salt and pepper, to taste. Process until its a smooth consistency. Cover and place in refrigerator until ready to serve.nHeat a frying pan on medium heat. Cook pancetta until crispy and fat has rendered. Remove pancetta from pan reserving the fat and add butter and garlic. Once the butter has melted add the scallops to the pan and gently sear until lightly browned. About 1 minute per side. Spoon some avocado puree on each plate, arrange pancetta on top followed by the seared scallops. Dice your red pepper finely and garnish., ingredients: [3 avocados, 3 teaspoons wasabi powder, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 slices pancetta, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 garlic clove, smashed, 6 large sea scallops, 12 red bell pepper, finely diced for garnish], title: Seared Scallops with Pancetta over Avocado and Wasabi, picturelink: GdCth1kRm03JbnBNy7TGi9SKYE1ZW.i}, 49409: {instructions: Mix flour, paprika, and salt together and set aside. In a small bowl, blend the egg and the halfandhalf. Heat butter in a large saute pan. Dip perch fillets in egg wash first and then into the flour mixture. Carefully place them into the hot butter in the saute pan and brown on both sides. Remove from the butter and drain on a paper towel to absorb excess butter. Serve immediately.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 1 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup clarified butter, 1 12 pounds fresh, skinned lake perch], title: Sauteed Lake Perch, picturelink: null}, 49410: {instructions: Arrange melon in a shallow dish. In a bowl combine Muscat de BeaumesdeVenise and 5 tablespoons of the sugar. Pour over melon and chill for 24 hours. Drain.nPrepare the pastry: In a bowl combine flour and 1 tablespoon of sugar with salt. Add butter and blend until mixture resembles coarse meal. In another bowl whisk together the egg and milk. Add flour mixture and stir until mixture forms a soft dough. Chill, covered, 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Roll out the dough into a 18inch thick round on a floured surface. Place the dough onto a 10inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Prick the pastry shell all over with a fork and cover with a sheet of buttered wax paper. Fill the shell with dried beans, and place in the preheated oven for 8 minutes. Remove the beans, prick again with a fork, and bake for another 10 minutes or so, or until the tart is golden brown. Remove and let cool.nPrepare the apricot glaze: In a small, heavy saucepan, combing the apricot jam with 1 tablespoon of sugar and 2 tablespoons of Muscat de BeaumesdeVenise. Bring to a boil and boil for 1 minute. Strain.nTo assemble: Brush a thin layer of the hot apricot glaze over the bottom of the tart shell. Then place a thin layer of pastry cream you might have a bit left over. Arrange the melon slices over the pastry cream. Warm the remaining apricot glaze and brush over the melon slices. Let the tart rest for at least 15 minutes.nGarnish the center of the tart with mint leaves. Include a mint leaf with each serving. If desired, serve a chilled glass of the melon marinade with the tart., ingredients: [1 small melon, such as cantaloupe or honeydew, peeled, seeded and sliced thin, 23 cup Muscat de BeaumesdeVenise, plus 2 tablespoons, 8 tablespoons granulated sugar, in all, 1 12 cups sifted flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons chilled sweet butter, cut into bits, 1 whole egg, plus 2 egg yolks, 14 cup milk, 12 cup apricot jam, 1223 cup pastry cream, Mint for garnish], title: Melon Tart with Muscat de BeaumesdeVenise, picturelink: null}, 49411: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 9inch tart pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust: Combine the butter, flour, and salt in a food processor. Pulse until the mixture looks like Parmesan cheese. Drizzle in half the cold water and pulse until the mixture forms a rough ball, adding the remaining water if needed. Remove the dough from the food processor, form into a disk, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nFor the filling: In a small saucepan, melt the butter and cook it until it starts to brown and begins to smell like hazelnuts. Transfer the butter to the bowl of a stand mixer equipped with a paddle. Add the sugar and beat together on medium speed. Gradually add the flour. Once the flour has combined, add the eggs one at a time. Beat in the vanilla bean seeds.nFor the apples: In a large saute pan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the apples and sugar and cook until the apples start to soften, 6 to7 minutes. Pull the pan off the burner and add in the brandy. Return to the fire and flambe, if desired, or just let the alcohol burn off. Toss in the raisins.nTo assemble: Remove the dough from the fridge 15 minutes before ready to use, this will allow the dough to soften and come to room temperature.nDust a clean work surface with flour. Roll the dough out 18inch thick and lay it in the tart pan with lots of overhang on the sides. Schmear half the filling into the bottom of the tart pan and top with the apple mixture. Fold the extra dough over the top of the apples. Brush the dough with the egg wash.nBake the tart in the oven until the top is golden brown and slightly crispy, 45 to 50 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into peasize pieces, 1 cup flour, Pinch kosher salt, 14 cup ice water, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup flour, 3 eggs, 1 vanilla bean, split and insides scraped, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and cut into 18ths, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup brandy, 12 cup golden raisins, Flour, for dusting, 1 egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water], title: Apple Brown Butter Tart, picturelink: yvPDSW2HPyF.ZEkyaGvnHjKp5YxNG}, 49412: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to warm, 250 degrees F.nPreheat large griddle or large nonstick skillet over medium heat.nTo a small pot over medium low heat add 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, eyeball it. To warm oil, add butter and melt it into the oil. Keep a pastry brush on a spoon rest or small plate on hand.nLay out 8 slices of rye bread. Dot bread with teaspoonfuls of red pepper relish. Top with even amounts of smoked turkey, sauerkraut and thinly sliced cheese. Top cheese with remaining slices of bread. Brush griddle or skillet with oil and butter mixture. Grill and toast sandwiches 2 or 3 minutes on each side. Transfer sandwiches to cookie sheet and place in oven to keep warm. Wipe off griddle or skillet.nLay out 8 slices of mini pumpernickel bread. Cut sliced Swiss cheese into pieces that will fit bread. Layer cheese and sliced tomatoes on bread. Season with salt, pepper, chives and place another layer of cheese on tomatoes. Top sandwiches with another slice of bread. Brush griddle or skillet liberally with oil and butter. Grill and toast sandwiches 2 or 3 minutes on each side. Transfer grilled cheese and tomato sandwiches to warm oven. Wipe griddle or skillet clean.nMix beef, Worcestershire, onion and seasoning or salt and pepper. Form 8 small patties. Raise heat to medium high. Fry patties in 1 tablespoon vegetable oil on griddle or skillet 2 or 3 minutes on each side. Place patties on rye bread bottoms and wipe griddle or skillet clean. Top patties with cheese and another slice of bread. Reduce heat on griddle or skillet back to medium and brush with oil and butter. Grill sandwiches 2 or 3 minutes on each side until toasted.nRemove mini Rachaels and grilled cheese and tomato sandwiches from the warm oven. Pass trays of sandwiches with mini pickles, mini pretzels. Mini candies and cookies treat your sweet tooth., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 16 slices mini rye bread, 12 cup sweet red pepper relish, 1 pound smoked turkey, thinly sliced, 1 pound sauerkraut rinsed and drained, 13 pound sliced sharp cheddar, 16 slices mini pumpernickel bread, 14 pound thinly sliced Swiss cheese, 2 plum tomatoes, sliced, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped chives or 2 scallions, chopped, 1 pound ground sirloin, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, several drops, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon steak seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning or salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan, 16 slices mini rye bread, 14 pound thinly sliced Swiss cheese, Mini pickles, mini pretzels, Retro candies such as Dots, Good n Plenty, Whoppers, etc., Chess Men butter cookies recommended: Pepperidge Farm brand], title: Mini Sandwich Buffet: Mini Grilled Cheese and Tomato, Mini Rachaels and Mini Spicy Patty Melts, picturelink: I51O4VdXWBhC3NK5bcg05LuLWtbFEKq}, 49413: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the cheeses and cornstarch and toss to coat. Rub the inside of a heavy saucepan with the garlic and discard the garlic. Add the wine and lemon juice and bring the mixture to a boil. Stir in the cheese mixture gradually over moderate heat, stirring until smooth. Stir in the kirsch, if desired. Season with pepper and nutmeg. Simmer mixture for 23 minutes and transfer to a fondue stand set over a low flame. Serve immediately, taking care to remember to continually stir the fondue to prevent it from separating., ingredients: [1 pound Gruyere cheese, coarsely grated, 8 ounces Emmentaler cheese, coarsely grated, 4 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 garlic clove, halved, 1 12 cups dry white wine, preferably Neuchatel, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 12 tablespoons kirsch, if desired, Freshly ground pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, pinch], title: Basic Cheese Fondue, picturelink: null}, 49414: {instructions: tBeat the peanut butter, cream cheese, confectioners sugar, vanilla and 12 cup cream in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until smooth and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the remaining 12 cup cream and beat until creamy, about 2 more minutes. Do not overbeat.nWhisk the jam, framboise and 13 cup water in a bowl until smooth. Spread about 3 tablespoons of the jam mixture in a 9by5inch glass loaf pan. Cover with half of the ladyfingers, arranging them lengthwise. Brush with half of the remaining jam mixture. Dont worry if it looks like a lot of liquid the ladyfingers will absorb it as the tiramisu sits.nSpread half of the peanut butter cream over the ladyfingers. Top with 2 cups raspberries and the remaining ladyfingers. Brush the ladyfingers with the remaining jam mixture and spread the remaining peanut butter cream on top. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 8 hours.nUncover the tiramisu and top with the remaining 2 cups raspberries and shaved chocolate. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [12 cup creamy peanut butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup seedless raspberry jam, 13 cup framboise raspberry liqueur or raspberry juice, 14 Italianstyle crisp ladyfingers, 4 cups raspberries, Shaved chocolate, for topping], title: PBJ Tiramisu, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 49415: {instructions: Bring the water and milk to a boil. Add the cornmeal and turn down to a simmer. Continually whisk for 4 minutes until smooth. Stir in 12 the cheese, the butter, 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, the fresh corn and seasoning until the cheese has melted. Grease a casserole with the remaining teaspoon of olive oil and pour in the corn mixture. Top with the remaining cheese and bake in a preheated 400 degree oven until all cheese is melted and browned on top. To serve, cut with dental floss., ingredients: [1 34 cups water, 1 34 cups milk, 1 cup cornmeal polenta medium grind is preferable, 34 pound kashkaval cheese, grated, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon extra virgin olive oil, 2 ears corn, kernels cut off, Salt and pepper], title: Baked Mamaliga, Its the Corniest Polenta, picturelink: null}, 49416: {instructions: Heat milk until it is nearly boiling a double boiler is safest. Mix sugar, flour, and beaten eggs together. Remove milk from heat and stir 1 ladle full into the sugar mixture to temper the eggs. Add the tempered egg mixture into the hot milk. Return to low heat and stir until mixture begins to thicken. When cool, add vanilla. Strain through a wire strainer to remove any lumps. Whip whipping cream and add sugar to taste, put aside. Grate fresh nutmeg and put aside, this will also be used to top dessert once complete.nCream sugar and butter. Add egg yolks 1 at a time. Mix the flour and baking soda together. Add sour cream and flour, alternating to the butter and sugar. Beat egg whites stiff and fold in. Pour into greased and floured tube cake pan. Bake at 300 degrees F. in a preheated oven for 1 12 to 1 34 hours. Invert immediately into a glass serving bowl and drizzle with Sherry. Pour custard on top, and then add already made whipping cream. Top with freshly grated nutmeg., ingredients: [1 quart milk, 1 scant cup sugar, 2 level teaspoons plain flour, 4 eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla, Heavy whipping cream, Nutmeg, freshly ground, 1 cup butter, 3 cups sugar, 6 eggs separated, 3 cups twice sifted flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup sour cream], title: Tipsy Squire, picturelink: null}, 49417: {instructions: Put the beans in a large bowl and cover with about 3 times their volume of cold water. Soak overnight in a cool place.nDrain the beans and transfer to a large pot or Dutch oven. Add 10 cups water and the ham. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, then reduce the heat to low and cook until the beans are tender, about 1 hour, 30 minutes. Transfer the ham to a plate to cool slightly, then remove the bone, if used, and dice the meat. Return the meat to the pot.nMeanwhile, cover the potato with water in a saucepan and season with salt. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce the heat and simmer until the potato is forktender, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain the potato transfer to a bowl with the milk and mash with a potato masher or fork until smooth. Add the mashed potato to the bean soup and stir until combined.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, garlic and parsley and cook until the vegetables are translucent, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the vegetable mixture to the soup, reduce the heat to low and cook 1 hour, adding up to 2 more cups water if the soup is too thick. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 pound dried navy beans, picked over, 1 pound ham preferably with bone, 1 large russet potato, peeled and quartered, Kosher salt, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Senate Bean Soup, picturelink: aEDHmMe0heHsQeV0n0fjDFVGG4KHl4K}, 49418: {instructions: Cut each fennel bulb into 4 slices. Place the fennel bulbs in a large pan over medium heat. Add the salt, sugar, saffron, grapefruit juice and orange juice to the pan. Cover with baking parchment paper and bring to a simmer. Braise the fennel until soft. Remove 2 of the fennel slices and the cooking juices from the pan. Place into a blender and blend into a puree. The remaining 2 fennel bulbs will be used in the presentation of the dish.nPlace a pan over medium heat and add the olive oil. While the oil is heating, sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper. Once the oil in the pan is hot, sear the fish skinside down for 2 minutes before flipping over and cooking an additional 2 minutes.nPlace a spoonful of the fennel puree on a plate and smooth it onto the plate in a circular motion, creating a bed of fennel puree. On top of the puree, add the braised fennel pieces. Place the seared fish on top of the braised fennel and serve., ingredients: [3 fennel bulbs, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon sugar, 3 saffron pistils, 1 fresh grapefruit, juiced, 1 fresh orange, juiced, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 jack fish or red snapper fillets, on the skin 6 ounces each, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Braised Fennel and LineCaught Lagoon Fish, picturelink: Ks4bsSMvObh1T2QFa82kIs8keTrgYJy}, 49419: {instructions: Quarter apples, brush with olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Place on grill and cook until tender making sure not to burn. Place apples and remaining ingredients in blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [12 Granny Smith apples cored and peeled, 1 ounce olive oil, 1 tablespoon of salt, 4 ounces apple cider, 1 tablespoon of toasted and ground caraway], title: Homemade Grilled Applesauce with Caraway, picturelink: null}, 49420: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring 1 cup of heavy cream and the cardamom to a boil. Reduce until only 14 cup remains. Allow to cool. Reserve. Whip the remaining 1 cup of heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Stir in the reserved mixture. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon black cardamom seeds], title: Cardamom Cream, picturelink: null}, 49421: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the cream and sugar into the bowl of a stand mixer with the whisk attachment and whip until stiff peaks are formed. Add the sour cream and whisk to combine. Add the marshmallows, orange, pineapple, coconut, pecans and cherries and stir to combine. Transfer to a glass serving bowl, cover and place in the refrigerator for 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 ounces sour cream, 6 ounces homemade mini marshmallows, approximately 3 cups, 1 cup clementine orange segments, approximately 6 clementines, 1 cup chopped fresh pineapple, 1 cup freshly grated coconut, 1 cup toasted, chopped pecans, 12 cup drained maraschino cherries], title: Ambrosia, picturelink: ErOa8ZeUFwzGPJkSQAgUkWkGfn63Yu}, 49422: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease the sides and bottom of 2 9inch cake pans with shortening and then dust them with flour. In a large mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients except the coffee. Mix at low speed until blended, scraping the sides of the bowl occasionally with a rubber spatula. Slowly add the coffee while mixing on low. Mix until smooth. Bake for about 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool in the pans on a wire racks for about 20 minutes, then invert onto racks and remove pans. Cool completely., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa, 1 cup vegetable shortening, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup milk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup hot, strong coffee], title: Colettes Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 49423: {instructions: This is for testing purposes only. It is the method text., ingredients: [], title: Jills Pork Roast, picturelink: null}, 49424: {instructions: Special equipment: Bamboo skewers soaked in warm water for 10 minutesnUsing a sharp knife, slice the steak, against the grain and on angle, into thin strips about an inch wide.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the paste, coconut milk, sugar, fish sauce, and turmeric, if using. Add the beef, mix well, and set aside at room temperature to marinate for at least 1 hour.nPreheat an outdoor grill.nThread the beef onto skewers, then lightly spray them with oil. Working in batches grill the beef, over high heat until just cooked through, about 2 to 4 minutes. Transfer the beef skewers to a serving platter and serve with the peanut sauce.nToast the dried chiles in a small dry skillet over mediumhigh heat until smoky and fragrant. Transfer to a medium bowl, cover with hot water, and set aside until softened, about 10 minutes. Drain and roughly chop the chiles.nToast the coriander, cumin seeds, and peppercorns in the skillet over mediumhigh heat until toasted and fragrant. Transfer to a bowl and let cool slightly. Grind the spices in a spice mill clean coffee grinder.nIn a food processor, combine the chiles, ground spices, and all of the ingredients, except for the oil, and puree into a paste. Gradually add the oil with the machine running, and puree until smooth. Store the paste in a tightly sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nStirfry the coconut cream in a small saucepan over medium heat, until the oil separates and sizzles, about 2 minutes. Add the curry paste and stirfry until fragrant, about 2 minutes.nWhisk in the broth, coconut milk, peanut butter, and fish sauce. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer and cook, stirring, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Transfer the sauce to a serving bowl and cool to room temperature. Whisk in the lime juice just before serving., ingredients: [1 flank steak about 2 pounds, very cold See Cooks Note., 12 cup Thai Red Curry Paste, recipe follows, 34 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 14 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Southeast Asian fish sauce, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric optional, Spray oil, Peanut Sauce, recipe follows, 8 dried red chiles, like arbol, stemmed and seeded, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon white peppercorns, 14 cup packed roughly chopped coriander leaves, stems, and roots cilantro, 2 tablespoons Southeast Asian fish sauce, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom optional, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 medium fresh red chiles, stemmed and chopped, 5 cloves garlic, 3 shallots, 2 fresh lemongrass stalks about 6 ounces, trimmed and thinly sliced, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, like soy, peanut, or corn, 2 tablespoons coconut cream skimmed from the top of canned coconut milk, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon Thai Red Curry Paste, see above, 1 cup chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 14 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 14 cup chunky peanut butter, 1 tablespoon Southeast Asian fish sauce, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, or more to taste], title: Grilled Ribbons of ThaiStyle Steak, picturelink: null}, 49425: {instructions: Into a bowl sift together flour and salt. Make a well in the center, pour in the beer and add the oil in a stream, stirring constantly until smooth. Strain the batter into another bowl and let it stand, covered with plastic for 3 hours or refrigerate overnight. Just before using, stir the batter and fold in the egg whites., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup flat beer, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 2 medium egg whites, beaten until they hold stiff peaks], title: Beer Batter for Fritters, picturelink: null}, 49426: {instructions: For the dough: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter and pulse until it resembles coarse sand with some peasized pieces of butter, about 20 pulses. Add the cream cheese and sour cream, and pulse until it comes together in a rough dough with some uneven pebbles sizedpieces. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and divide into four equal portions. Pat each portion into a flat square and wrap in plastic wrap. Freeze for 15 minutes.nFoe the filling: Meanwhile, chop the hazelnuts in a clean food processor. Add the preserves, raisins and salt and puree to make a very smooth paste.nRoll a portion of dough into a 6 by 14inch rectangle about 14inch thick. Dont worry about slightly rough edges these will be rolled inside of the rugalach. Spread onequarter of the filling over the surface with a small spatula. Starting with a long side, roll the dough up into a tight cylinder ending with the seam on the bottom. Press the top slightly to flatten and wrap in plastic wrap. Freeze for another 15 minutes. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling. The cylinders can be frozen for up to a month.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven 375 degrees F and evenly position the racks. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nSlice the cylinders into 1 12inch pieces, and place seamside down on the prepared sheets. Whisk the egg yolks together and brush over the tops. Sprinkle with sugar and bake until pale golden and crispy on top, about 25 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let cool slightly on the baking sheets. Carefully transfer the rugelach to a rack to cool. Store in a tightly sealed container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, cut in pieces and chilled, 8 ounces cream cheese, cut in pieces and chilled, 2 tablespoons sour cream or Greek yogurt, 34 cup hazelnuts, toasted, 1 cup apricot preserves, 23 cups golden raisins, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 egg yolks, 14 cup sugar], title: Golden Rugalach, picturelink: BA.tcxYvOkIsj6De1VgYvtX119wNJmy}, 49427: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 deep dish glass pie pannTo make pastry sift flour into a bowl. Cut cold butter into small pieces with a wire cheese cutter. Add butter to flour and work it into the flour with the back of a fork. Do not use your hands or anything that would add heat to the mixture. When the butter has been worked into the flour as much as possible, add ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time and mix it in with a large spoon. It will probably only take 2 or 3 tablespoons of water to form the dough. As soon as the dough can be rolled into a ball in the bowl put it in plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator.nWhen the dough has been in the refrigerator for 12 hour, start to coat the bottom of the pie pan. I prefer to use the deepest pie pan I can find. Spread 1 tablespoon of butter over the bottom and sides of the pie pan. Depending on the size of the pan you might have to use more or less, but I like my coating to be generous. Then sprinkle 13 cup of brown sugar over the butter, with a light coating covering the bottom and sides. As with the butter you may have to use more or less depending on pan size. Then place the pecan nut halves, flat side up, on the bottom and sides of the pan. I start in the middle with 1 nut and then put the rest in circles around the center, closely spaced. Finish with a layer of nuts covering the side of the pan. The entire bottom and sides should be covered with nuts. Next take the dough out of the refrigerator, cut the ball in 12, wrap 12 in the plastic wrap and put it back in the refrigerator. Roll out the other 12 taking care not to handle the dough too much. Place the rolled out dough in the pie pan over the pecan nut coating, and trim the edges. Cover with plastic wrap and put in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nTo make the filling place 14 cup of butter and 1 cup of sugar in a small pan and cook over medium heat. When the butter and sugar have mixed into a liquid form add 12 vanilla bean. Stir the mixture constantly until it starts to turn brownish, or caramelized. Then remove it from the heat. Fill a large bowl with cold water and squeeze in 12 of the lemon. Peel the apples, cut into thin slices and put into the bowl with cold lemon water. I like to cut the slices rather thin, 18inch or so. In a small bowl mix together 1 rounded teaspoon cinnamon, 1 pinch nutmeg, and 2 tablespoons of allpurpose flour. Drain the apples in a colander and wipe all water out of the large bowl. Put the apples back in the bowl and sprinkle with the cinnamon, nutmeg and flour mixture. Mix until they are all covered.nTake the pie pan out of the refrigerator and put 12 on the apples over the bottom pastry layer. Squeeze 12 of the lemon into the caramelized butter and sugar mixture, mix and pour half of the mixture through a sieve onto the apples. Layer the other 12 of the apples on top of that and pour on the rest of the caramelized mix. The pie should be just slightly over filled, and formed to a dome in the middle. Remove the second half of the pastry ball from the refrigerator and roll it out. Brush the bottom lip of the pie pastry with water to help form a seal. Place the rolled pastry on top of the pie and trim with kitchen scissors. Crimp the edges together with your fingers to make a good seal between the top and bottom pastry layers. Cut 3 small slits in the top to allow steam to escape. Place pie on a cookie sheet and wrap aluminum foil around the pie edges.nPlace the cookie sheet and pie in the center of the oven and allow to cook for 15 minutes. Then reduce the heat to 350 degrees F and cook for an additional 25 minutes. Remove the aluminum foil and check the crust to see if it is golden brown. You will probably have to continue to cook for another 5 to 10 minutes for the crust to turn golden brown. Remove the pie from the oven and allow it to set for 5 minutes. Then place a large plate over the top of the pie and flip it over. Gently lift the pie pan off of the pie. It should come off clean, but if any pecans stick to the pie pan remove them and put them back on the pie. Allow to cool at least 1 12 hours before cutting., ingredients: [2 cups all purpose flour, 1 stick butter 12 cup, Small glass water with ice cubes, 1 package pecan nut halves, 13 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 stick butter 14 cup, 1 cup sugar, 12 vanilla bean, 1 lemon, 6 to 8 Granny Smith apples, 1 rounded teaspoon cinnamon, 1 pinch grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Michaels Upside Down Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 49428: {instructions: Sprinkle the brisket with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and cut crosswise into 3 pieces. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the brisket in batches and brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a 5to6quart slow cooker.nAdd the tomato paste to the skillet and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Whisk in the wine, vinegar and pickling spice sachet and simmer 4 minutes. Add to the slow cooker along with the beef broth, carrots, celery, leeks and half of the gingersnaps. Cover and cook on low, 8 hours.nRemove the meat, vegetables and spice sachet. Whisk the remaining gingersnaps into the cooking liquid and add salt, pepper and parsley to taste. Set aside 1 piece of brisket, 1 cup vegetables and 2 cups gravy to make Corn, Squash and Beef Casserole. Slice the remaining meat and serve with the vegetables and gravy.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 4to5pound flatcut beef brisket, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup dry red wine, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon pickling spice, tied in cheesecloth with twine, 1 cup lowsodium beef broth, 6 carrots, quartered crosswise, 4 stalks celery, quartered crosswise, 2 leeks, halved lengthwise and sliced 12 inch thick, 12 gingersnap cookies, crumbled, Chopped fresh parsley, to taste], title: SlowCooker Sauerbraten, picturelink: UlLRfgidW73tuMBIBzZQ7dMTRW2q6kq}, 49429: {instructions: Blend cucumbers, watercress leaves, lime and lime juice with sour cream. Season with salt and Tabasco sauce., ingredients: [2 kirby cucumbers, peeled, halved and seeded, 14 cup packed watercress leaves, Grated lime rind and lime juice, 14 cup or more sour cream, Salt and Tabasco sauce], title: Cucumber Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49430: {instructions: To prepare yogurt sauce: In a small bowl, mix yogurt, cilantro, and cumin. Set aside.nTo prepare sausage patties, put meat in a large bowl and add garlic, cilantro, vinegar, paprika, salt, and spices, including a generous grinding of pepper. Mix with your hands until well blended. Form mixture into 8 small patties. Cook patties on a barbecue or in a nonstick frying pan or welloiled skillet until seared on the outside and cooked through inside, about 8 minutes total. Serve drizzled with yogurt sauce., ingredients: [1 cup plain yogurt regular or nonfat, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 pound ground lamb or beef, not too lean, 2 cloves garlic, minced or pressed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon paprika sweet or hot, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Ground black pepper], title: Moroccan Lamb Sausage Patties, picturelink: null}, 49431: {instructions: In a wok or large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil until hot. Add shrimp and salt and pepper to taste and stirfry over moderately high heat for 2 minutes, or until shrimp turn pink. Transfer shrimp to a plate. Add remaining oil to wok. When hot, ad gingerroot, scallions, and garlic and stirfry 30 seconds. Add broccoli and baby corn, and stirfry for 1 minute. Add broth, rice wine, sherry, soy sauce, and salt to taste, cover, and steam 2 minutes. Return shrimp to wok and stirfry 1 minute, or until heated through. Swirl in sesame oil and transfer to heated serving dish., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 tablespoon minced fresh gingerroot, 2 whole scallions, trimmed and sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 cups broccoli florets, 1 can baby corn, drained we may need to cut each ear of corn in half if too long, 34 tablespoons chicken stock or broth, 12 tablespoons rice wine or dry sherry, 2 tablespoons lite soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil], title: Fast Meals: Shrimp StirFry, picturelink: null}, 49432: {instructions: Stuff the turkey with the above ingredients. Ten minutes before the turkey is ready, you take a mixture of red mustard and soy sauce and mix them together then apply it to the turkey. Let it stay the oven for about another 3 minutes., ingredients: [Cashew nuts, Broccoli, Diced carrots, Onions, Celery], title: Elinda Cashew Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 49433: {instructions: Cook Texmati rice according to package directions. At the last minute blend in orange zest and 1 tablespoon butter, salt, pepper and 1 cup thawed frozen peas., ingredients: [1 box Texmati rice, Orange zest, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt  freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup thawed frozen peas], title: Orange Rice and Peas, picturelink: null}, 49434: {instructions: Place oil in a wok over medium high heat. Stir fry the ginger, garlic, jalapeno, and scallions for 1 minute. Add the clams and stir well to blend. Add the Shoa Hsing and a scant 34 cup water. Cover wok, and boil the clams open for about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove clams and place in a colander shake over wok to let the juices run off into wok. Set aside. To the wok, add the oyster sauce, the soy sauce, the sugar and the black beans. Stir well. Cook over medium high heat for 30 seconds. Mix the cornstarch in a small cup with a little water until a milky liquid is formed, then add to the boiling liquid in the wok which will thicken immediately. Stir well for 10 seconds, remove from heat, and add sesame oil. Return clams to wok and toss to coat. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 teaspoons peanut oil, 2 tablespoons ginger, finely minced, 1 tablespoon garlic, finely minced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 14 cup minced scallion, 2 dozen Manila clams or New Zealand cockles, 14 cup Shoa Hsing or dry sherry, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 teaspoon thin soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons salted black beans, crushed with a clever, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Manila Clams with Black Bean and Ginger Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49435: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBrush olive oil all over bottom half of bread. Sprinkle garlic over oil. Top with cheese and close bread, as if making a sandwich.nWrap bread in foil and bake 10 to 15 minutes, until cheese melts., ingredients: [1 loaf Italian or French bread, halved crosswise, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 cup shredded mozzarella regular or partskim], title: Gooey MozzarellaGarlic Bread, picturelink: null}, 49436: {instructions: In a small bowl, place 12 cup soymilk and sprinkle gelatin over top. Set aside 5 minutes.nIn a medium saucepan, combine 2 12 cups soymilk and sugar. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until milk is hot but not boiling and sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes.nRemove from heat stir in reserved gelatin mixture until dissolved. Stir in the remaining soymilk and sesame paste. Transfer the mixture to a blender or use an immersion blender with liquid in pot and blend until smooth.nSet a medium bowl in a bowl of ice water pour soymilk mixture into the empty bowl. Let the mixture stand, stirring occasionally, until cool, about 45 minutes. Pour milk mixture into glasses. Refrigerate 3 to 4 hours or until firm., ingredients: [5 12 cups soymilk, 2 tablespoons powdered gelatin, 23 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons black sesame paste], title: Black Sesame Sweet Tofu, picturelink: null}, 49437: {instructions: In a medium bowl, beat the egg. In a shallow baking dish or pie plate, combine the flour and garlic powder.nHeat about 1 inch vegetable oil in a heavybottomed pot until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 375 degrees F.nUsing a mandolin or carefully with a knife, slice the zucchini into 18inch rounds. Add a handful of the zucchini rounds to the bowl with the egg and toss to coat. Remove, allowing the excess egg to drain off. Dredge in the flour, shaking off the excess. Place in a single layer on a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining zucchini rounds.nFry the breaded zucchini in batches until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with flaked sea salt while hot.nServe with Tzatziki and lemon wedges.nIn a medium bowl, stir together the yogurt, cucumbers, mint, red wine vinegar, salt and garlic. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 large egg, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 medium zucchini, Flaked sea salt, for sprinkling, Tzatziki, recipe follows, Lemon wedges, for serving, 12 cup plain Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons seeded, diced cucumbers, 1 teaspoon minced fresh mint, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, Pinch kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, minced], title: Zucchini Chips with Tzatziki Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49438: {instructions: Combine the sifted flour, yeast, salt, 14 cup of sugar, and the spices in a large bowl. In another bowl, combine the grapeseed oil, egg yolks, and beer. Combine the dry and wet ingredients and whisk until all the lumps are gone.nSet a mixer on mediumhigh speed and in another bowl, whip the 3 egg whites with the remaining tablespoon of sugar to a mediumsoft peak. Carefully fold the egg whites into the beer batter. Let this mixture rest covered, at room temperature for 1 hour.nIn a fryer or deep pot heat the oil to 375 degrees F.nWhip the heavy cream by hand or with an electric mixer until it becomes stiff. Set aside.nCombine the flour, cinnamon, mace, and granulated sugar. Coat the fruit with this, shaking off the excess. Now dip each piece of fruit into the batter, and drop 1 by 1 into the hot oil. Cook the beignets until they are golden brown. Place them on a large plate lined with paper towels, gently patting them to soak up excess oil.nDust with powdered sugar and serve immediately with the whipped cream topped with mint leaves.nFor even more flavor, serve drizzled with Almibar Syrup.nCombine all of the ingredients in a saucepan, bring them to a boil, then let them simmer uncovered for 15 minutes, until the mixture is slightly golden and syrupy and reduced to about 1 cup. Remove the vanilla bean and cinnamon stick. Refrigerate the syrup. It will keep for up to 2 months.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [2 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 14 ounce dried yeast 1 packet, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup, plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon ground mace, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 2 egg yolks, 1 14 cups cold, light beer, 3 egg whites, Canola oil, for deepfrying enough to submerge the beignets, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground mace, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 14 cup powdered sugar, 5 small bananas, peeled, cut in 12 crosswise or 3 regular bananas, peeled, cut in 12 lengthwise and again crosswise, 1 ripe mango, peeled, cut into 10 strips, 10 thick strips pineapple, Powdered sugar, 20 mint leaves, shredded, for garnish, VanillaCinnamon Almibar, recipe follows, 1 vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 stick cinnamon, 2 tablespoons freshsqueezed lime juice], title: Tropical Fruit Beignets, picturelink: TdKI1TgUHmB2zh856vmKK3LbB1zjx4O}, 49439: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Divide the shrimp among 6 small ramekin dishes and set aside.nIn a small bowl, mix the garlic, tomatoes, onions, chili paste, and salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the mixture between the 6 ramekin dishes over the shrimp. In a saucepan, over mediumhigh heat, blend both the oils and heat to 325 degrees F. When the oil reaches the proper temperature, pour it evenly into the ramekin dishes. Bake in the oven until the shrimp turn pink, about 6 to 8 minutes. To finish, slice the bread on a bias, about 1inch thick. Remove the ramekins from the oven and serve immediately with the bread on the side for dipping., ingredients: [30 1620 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 cup halved grape tomatoes, 12 cup diced red onion, 2 tablespoons Thai chili paste, or more to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup grapeseed oil, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 loaf baguette or French bread], title: Thai Spicy Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 49440: {instructions: Place the yeast and warm water into a medium size bowl and stir to dissolve the yeast. Add the flour and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon or your hand for 2 to 3 minutes, until smooth, and dough is elastic. The starter will be thick and stretchy. It will become more elastic after it has risen.nScrape the starter into a clear container with high sides, and cover with plastic wrap. Mark the height of the starter and the time on a piece of tape on the side of the container so you can see how much it rises.nAt this point, you have two options. If you plan on making the dough the same day, let the sponge rise at room temperature until it has risen to the point where it just begins to indent on top. This may take 6 to 8 hours. It will triple in volume, and very small dents and folds will begin to appear in the top of the surface as it reaches its peak and begins to deflate. Use it before it sinks too much.nIf you plan to make the dough the following day, let the sponge rise for 1 hour after mixing, then place it in the refrigerator and let it rise for at least 14 hours before taking it out to use. Be sure to compensate for the cold temperature of the starter by using warm water in the dough. Let it sit out, covered, until it reaches room temperature. This may take several hours., ingredients: [7 ounces warm water, 14 teaspoon fresh yeast, 7 ounces organic bread flour], title: Sponge Starter, picturelink: null}, 49441: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a castiron skillet over high heat for 2 minutes. While the skillet heats, pat the steaks dry with a paper towel, and then sprinkle with the chopped rosemary and some salt and pepper. Add the oil to the skillet and, once it shimmers and is almost smoking, add the steaks and rosemary sprig and sear for 4 minutes on each side, until well browned with a nice crust. Remove the steaks and rosemary sprig to a plate and loosely tent with foil.nWhile the steaks rest, lower the heat to medium, add the shallots and thyme to the skillet and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the wine, turn the heat back up, and scrape up any browned bits that are stuck to the bottom of the skillet. Reduce the wine by half, about 3 minutes. Stir in the beef broth, blackberries and berry preserves. Mash the berries into the sauce with a wooden spoon. Continue simmering until the sauce is reduced and coats the back of a spoon. Remove from the heat and swirl in the cold butter. Taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper if needed.nServe the steak drizzled with the sauce., ingredients: [Two 6ounce center cut filet mignon steaks, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, plus 1 sprig, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 12 cup fruity red wine pinot noir, 23 cup lowsodium beef stock, 14 cup fresh blackberries, 2 tablespoons blackberry preserves, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cold], title: Rosemary Beef Tenderloin with Blackberry Red Wine Sauce, picturelink: 0bGYleM092utYM9DyriL3h5gwCw3oQu}, 49442: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nTo prepare Pimento Cheese, in a medium mixing bowl, combine Cheddar and Jack cheeses, mayonnaise, cream cheese, pimento peppers, pickle juice, horseradish sauce, and mustard mix until well combined.nTo prepare Honey Slaw, in a small mixing bowl combine mayonnaise, honey, and cabbage mix until well combined.nHeat a 12inch nonstick grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Add bacon and cook until the bacon is crispy, about 5 minutes, flipping once. Drain on paper towels. Pour off almost all of the bacon fat from the pan, leaving a very thin layer.nTo make the patties, combine the beef, country ham, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Handling the meat as little as possible to avoid compacting it, mix well. Divide the mixture into 4 equal portions and form into patties to fit the buns.nUsing the same grill pan as before, cook the hamburgers over mediumhigh heat for 3 minutes per side or until cooked medium rare.nMeanwhile, place buns on a rack in the oven. Bake for 3 to 5 minutes. Also, place the plates that the burgers will be served on in the oven to heat.nTo assemble the burgers, spread a generous amount of Pimento Cheese on the cut sides of the buns. On each bun bottom on top of the Pimento Cheese, place a thin layer of Honey Slaw. Top the slaw with a burger patty, 2 slices of bacon, and crushed potato chips. Add the bun tops. Place the completed hamburgers on a nonstick baking sheet and bake in the oven for 1 minute. Serve burgers on warm plates., ingredients: [1 cup shredded extrasharp Cheddar, room temperature, 13 cup shredded Monterey jack, room temperature, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, room temperature, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, room temperature, 2 ounces jarred diced pimento peppers, drained, 1 tablespoon bread and butter pickle juice, 12 tablespoon horseradish sauce, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 14 cups shredded cabbage, 8 slices thickcut applewood smoked bacon, 1 14 pounds ground chuck, 14 pound cured and smoked country ham, finely chopped or chopped in a food processor, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 potato hamburger buns, split, 12 cup crushed kettlecooked plain potato chips], title: Southern Pimento Cheese Burgers, picturelink: bs.5.WRDWaUSsG8XP1gE.iirUrWvzuy}, 49443: {instructions: Prepare grill or heat grill pan on stove top. Soak wooden skewers in water for 30 minutes.nLay an onion slice on a flat work surface. Poke the skewer through center of the 12inchthick side of the onion slice, carefully pushing the skewer all the way through the onion slice and out the other side. The skewer and onion should resemble something like a lollipop. If the skewer is long enough push another onion slice onto the skewer. Skewer the remaining onion slices in the same manner. Brush onions on both sides with thin coats of oil and season generously with salt and pepper. Grill the onions, flipping occasionally, until browned and lightly charred, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove to a platter and allow to cool.nIn a large bowl whisk together the lime juice and honey until well combined. Coarsely chop the grilled onions and add to the lime mixture, tossing to coat. Add the diced papaya and chopped cilantro and carefully stir to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds Vidalia or another sweet onion, peeled and cut crosswise into 12inch thick slices, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 ripe papayas, peeled, seeded and diced, 12 cup packed cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped], title: Grilled Vidalia Onion and Papaya Relish, picturelink: null}, 49444: {instructions: Mix egg, flour, milk, cumin and chick pea puree to a smooth batter. Adjust viscosity with additional milk or flour. Add virgin olive oil, parsley and coriander and whisk well. Preheat nonstick pans and place 3 inch pastry ring in each pan. Pour 1 ounce olive oil in each ring and proceed to make pancakes 14 inch thick. Sprinkle currants on bubbling side and turn when brown. Brown evenly on both sides., ingredients: [1 egg, 2 cups chick pea flour, 1 cup milk, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 4 ounces chick pea puree, 4 ounces olive oil, 2 teaspoons chopped parsley, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh coriander, 8 ounces pure olive oil, 4 teaspoons currants], title: Chick Pea Pancake, picturelink: null}, 49445: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nOne day before you grill the duck, set the duck on a baking rack set over a baking sheet and store in the refrigerator uncovered to dry.nHeat grill to medium heat and set up rotisserie. Season duck with salt and pepper and skewer it onto the rotisserie rod. Place a drip pan under the duck to catch the rendered fat. Once the fat had begun to render off the duck, brush with the Hoisin Baste every 10 minutes. Cook the duck for 1 to 1 12 hours for mediumrare doneness. Remove from the grill and brush with more of the baste. Let the duck rest for 10 minutes before slicing into thin slices.nDrizzle the oranges with peanut oil, Place oranges on the grill, flesh side down and grill until golden brown. Remove from the grill and cut each 12 into 14s.nDrain scallions. Place Hoisin Baste, 2 slices of duck and scallions onto each pancake. Squeeze grilled orange over the meat, roll and eat.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan on side burners or on the grates of the grill. Add onions, garlic and ginger and cook until soft. Add remaining ingredients and season with salt. Cook until the tomatoes cook down, about 25 to 30 minutes. Use an immersion blender to puree or transfer the mixture to a blender and blend until smooth. Return the sauce to the saucepan and cook until thickened, about 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool to room temperature., ingredients: [1 Long Island duck, about 5 to 6 pounds, Salt and pepper, Hoisin Baste, recipe follows, 2 oranges, halved, 1 bunch scallions, cut into 3inch pieces and soaked in ice water, 8 Chinese pancakes or 6inch flour tortillas, warmed, Peanut oil for drizzling, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 large red onion, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1inch piece peeled ginger, coarsely chopped, 2 cups diced plum tomatoes, 12 cup water, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon chile paste, Salt], title: Rotisserie Duck with Hoisin Baste served with Grilled Oranges, Scallions and Pancakes, picturelink: oIBYwdfNQZ5GfCOnVVg0Dnx63VkLVOy}, 49446: {instructions: In a 350 degree oven, roast beets until cooked through, about 45 minutes. When cool enough to handle, rub skins off and dice into 12inch squares. Place beets, jicima, onion, chilies, and mussels in a bowl with the olive oil, cilantro, juices, salt, and pepper. Refrigerate a few hours to blend flavors. Divide ceviche evenly on tostadas and garnish with a dollop of mashed avocado on each. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 medium golden beets, 1 medium jicima, peeled and diced into 12inch squares, 1 small red onion, peeled and diced finely, 2 to 3 jalepeno chilies, stemmed, seeded and finely diced, 12 ounces smoked mussels, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 bunch cilantro leaves, washed, fried and roughly chopped, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 to 10 crispy flat corn tortillas, 1 avocado, peeled and seeded, mashed], title: Smoked Mussel Ceviche Tostadas, picturelink: null}, 49447: {instructions: For the stuffingnDice the bell peppers and onions. Saute the bell peppers and onions in garlic butter. Set aside to cool.nPress extra water out of crabmeat and set aside. Combine crab meat, bell pepper and the rest of the ingredients, mix very well, set aside.nFor the sauce:nBring whipping cream and half and half to a boil. Add the asiago cheese, remove from heat.nFor the seasoning:nCombine all ingredients in a container with a tight fitting lid.nCut a pocket into the pork chop and stuff it with the pepper jack cheese and crab mix. Season with the blackening seasoning. Cook your pork chop any way you see fit.nServe with 5 ounces hot angle hair pasta. Place the bone end of the chop in the angel hair and cover with Asiago sauce., ingredients: [14 of each, red, yellow and green bell peppers, chopped, 14 red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons garlic butter, 1 pound fresh crabmeat, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped basil leaves, 14 cup bread crumbs, 1 fresh egg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pepper jack cheese, About 12 pound shredded asiago, 23 cup half and half, 23 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 cup Spanish paprika, 12 cup cayenne pepper, 12 cup Black pepper, 12 cup salt, 1 cup chili powder, 1 cup granulated garlic, 1 cup granulated onions, 5 1 12inch thick bonein pork chops, 2 pounds angle hair pasta, cooked, for serving], title: Blackened Stuffed Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 49448: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the chile on a rimmed baking sheet, rub with 1 tablespoon of the oil, and season with salt and pepper. Roast in the oven until the skin of the chile is blackened, about 15 minutes. Remove the chile from the oven, place in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let the chile steam for 15 minutes. Peel, stem, and seed the chile and then coarsely chop it.nTo make the queso sauce, melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Add the milk, increase the heat to high, and cook, whisking constantly, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the cheese until melted season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nDivide the meat into 4 equal portions about 6 ounces each. Form each portion loosely into a 34inchthick burger and make a deep depression in the center with your thumb. Season both sides of each burger with salt and pepper. Cook the burgers, using the remaining 1 12 tablespoons oil. See how Bobby cooks perfect burgersnPlace the burgers on the bun bottoms and top each with a few tablespoons of queso sauce, chips, and some of the poblano. Cover with the bun tops and serve immediately.nToasted Burger BunsnI think the taste and the texture of buns are best when lightly toasted. To toast a bun on a grill, grill pan, or griddle, split the bun open, place it cut side down on the grill, and grill until light golden brown, about 10 seconds. Alternatively, you can place the split bun halves cut side up on a baking sheet and cook them under a preheated broiler until light golden brown, about 30 seconds. Keep a close eye on them and dont let them get too brown or else that texture will take on a life of its own and defeat the purpose of starting with a soft bun., ingredients: [1 large poblano chile, 2 12 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds ground chuck 80 percent lean or ground turkey 90 percent lean, 4 hamburger buns, split toasted, if desired see below, 12 blue or yellow corn tortilla chips, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups whole milk, 8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, coarsely grated about 2 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Santa Fe Burger, picturelink: .lcQdY4GUslC1VGX0rlqPdhbbeCRy}, 49449: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees.nPlace the pancetta slices on a baking rack set in a sheet pan and roast for 8 to 10 minutes until crisp. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, bring 2 to 3 quarts of water to a boil in a large pot and add 1 tablespoon of salt. Fill a large bowl with ice water and have a sieve or colander ready in the sink. Put the snap peas into the boiling water for only 10 or 15 seconds, drain, and put immediately into the ice water. Cool completely and drain. Cut each snap pea in half lengthwise and place in a large bowl.nPlace the snap peas in a large bowl and add the red onion.nTo make the vinaigrette, whisk together the olive oil, vinegar and lemon juice. Pour enough vinaigrette on the snap peas to moisten. Crumble the pancetta over the salad and add 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper. Add the Parmesan and toss well., ingredients: [14 pound pancetta, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 1 pound sugar snap peas, trimmed, 14 cup minced red onion, 12 cup good olive oil, 2 tablespoons Champagne or white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Snap Peas with Pancetta and Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 49450: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in large bowl. In a small bowl, stir together lime juice, mustard, mayonnaise, tabasco and salt and pepper. Slowly drizzle in olive oil while constantly stirring with fork. Pour dressing over chicken mixture in large bowl and toss to combine. Serve over greens or as a sandwich., ingredients: [2 cups shredded chicken, 1 jalapeno, finely chopped, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 1 red pepper, chopped, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 avocado, peeled and diced, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, Splash of tabasco, Salt, Pepper, 12 cup olive oil], title: Spicy Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 49451: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 7 by 11inch baking dish.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the figs, cinnamon sticks and 2 cups water to a boil and then let simmer over medium heat until almost all the liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Discard the cinnamon sticks. Set aside.nIn a food processor, beat the softened butter with the brown sugar and vanilla extract until the mixture is creamy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, scraping down the side of the bowl after each addition, and continue beating until the mixture is light, about 3 minutes. Add the fig mixture and process until pureed. Add the flour and baking soda. Pulse just until a smooth batter forms. Set aside.nScrape the batter into the prepared baking dish and bake until the fig cake is springy and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes.nFor the toffee sauce: In a medium saucepan, melt the butter, add the brown sugar and continue cooking for 5 minutes. Add the heavy cream, bring to a boil, stirring once in a while over moderate heat until it starts to thicken, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the vanilla. Keep warm.nFor the candied figs: In a small saucepan, bring the sugar and 1 cup water to a boil. Let it simmer until it reaches 300 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 10 minutes. Turn off the heat. Place the figs, fleshside down, on a tray lined with parchment paper. Pour the sugar mixture over the figs to coat them. Let cool at room temperature for 10 minutes until ready to serve.nUsing a fork, poke holes all over the top of the warm fig cake. Drizzle half of the hot toffee sauce over the cake. Return the cake to the oven and bake for 5 minutes longer until the toffee sauce is bubbling around the edges but not fully absorbed.nServe the pudding warm with the remaining toffee sauce, ice cream, if desired, and candied figs., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing pan, 20 dried, tender figs, cut in half, 2 4inch cinnamon sticks, 2 cups dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 cups dark brown sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups sugar, 6 fresh whole figs, halved, Ice cream, for serving, optional], title: Sticky Fig Pudding with Candied Fresh Figs, picturelink: null}, 49452: {instructions: Guacamole: Combine the avocados, red onions, jalapenos, tomatoes and lime juice in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSalad: In a medium bowl combine the crabmeat, hearts of palm, edamame, pineapple and pineapple juice.nDressing: In a saucepan, over medium heat, cook pineapple juice and orange juice until thickened into a syrup. Cool for about 5 minutes. Transfer the syrup to a blender, turn on the blender, slowly pour in the oil and blend until smooth.nAssembly: Spread the guacamole out on a serving platter. Add a layer of the crab mixture and top with mixed greens. Drizzle with the dressing and serve., ingredients: [3 avocados, halved, pitted and flesh diced, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 2 jalapenos, chopped, 2 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 1 lime, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1pound container jumbo lump crabmeat, 12 cup chopped hearts of palm, 1 cup frozen edamame, thawed, 12 cup finely diced fresh pineapple, 14 cup fresh pineapple juice, 1 bag mixed greens, 2 cups pineapple juice, 2 cups orange juice, 12 cup canola oil], title: Crab and Guacamole Salad, picturelink: iACnc0L4pJkrhMpQ02TF183DAPcMRrS}, 49453: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and position a rack in the middle of the oven. Line one 12cup standard muffin tin with cupcake liners.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl.nIn another medium bowl, beat the eggs and sugar with an electric mixer until light and foamy, about 2 minutes. While beating, gradually pour in the butter and then the vanilla.nWhile mixing slowly, add half the dry ingredients. Then add all the milk and follow with the rest of the dry ingredients. Take care not to overmix the batter.nRemove onethird of the batter about 1 cup and stir in the cocoa powder. Fill the liners evenly with yellow and chocolate batter, according to the marbling method you are following.nBake until a tester inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes on a rack in the tin for 10 minutes, and then remove from the tin. Cool on the rack completely. Decorate as desired., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder], title: GoTo Marble Cupcakes, picturelink: d5obY6wEsjrtZ7iEHLH4Yb4.CFOnWS}, 49454: {instructions: In a saucepan cook onion in butter, covered, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes, or until tender. Add peas and broth and simmer, uncovered, 5 minutes, or until peas are tender. Stir in mint.nIn a blender puree soup until smooth and pour through a coarse sieve back into pan. Heat soup over moderate heat until hot and remove pan from heat. Add white pepper and salt, to taste, and stir in all but 4 teaspoons buttermilk.nDivide soup between 4 bowls and gently spoon remaining buttermilk onto each serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups chopped onion, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 6 cups shelled fresh or frozen peas, 5 cups lowsalt chicken broth, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves, Freshly ground white pepper, 23 cup wellshaken buttermilk, Toasted French bread, as an accompaniment], title: Fresh Pea Soup with Mint, picturelink: null}, 49455: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F.nPlace the shrimp in a cazuela or an ovenproof casserole and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle olive oil over shrimp, add crushed garlic, and toss to coat. Roast in the oven until pink and cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Drizzle generously with Red Chile Oil and sprinkle with thyme and Toasted Garlic Chips. Serve with crusty bread.n1 cup olive oiln6 dried chiles de arbol, lightly toasted and crushedn6 cloves garlic, finely choppednPinch saltn3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removednBlend all ingredients including the thyme leaves in a blender until smooth.. Strain through a fine mesh strainer into a bowl.n1 cup olive oiln8 cloves garlic, thinly slicednSaltnHeat the oil in a small skillet until it begins to shimmer. Add the garlic and cook until the slices begin to brown and curl. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels and season with salt., ingredients: [24 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, Red Chile Oil, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, Toasted Garlic Chips, recipe follows], title: Oven Roasted Shrimp with Toasted Garlic and Red Chile Oil, picturelink: OHnPx5c5wUvPsg527pHnDPK5w5.kBJ6}, 49456: {instructions: In a medium bowl, add the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, coriander, ginger, cloves, and white pepper. Stir well to combine.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat together the butter and brown sugar on medium speed until combined, about 2 minutes. Reduce to low speed, and beat in half of the flour mixture, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary.nBeat in the milk, then add the remaining flour mixture. Continue to beat until a firm dough forms. Shape dough into a 12inchthick rectangle. Wrap dough in plastic, and chill it in the refrigerator for several hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degree with the racks in the upper and lower thirds. Line two or three baking sheets with parchment paper set aside.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator. Using wooden molds, in various sizes, dab the molds all over with a small piece of dough this provides a light buttery coating, which will prevent sticking. Generously sprinkle molds with flour, tapping to remove any excess. Take a piece of dough that is roughly the size of the mold, and press it with the palm of your hand into the mold. With a long thin knife, scrape away the excess dough. Invert the mold over the baking sheet, and rap the far end of the mold against the pan, holding it at an angle to release the formed cookie. Use a paring knife to trim any excess dough around cookies and in the negative spaces. Reflour the molds and repeat with remaining pieces of dough. Press together scraps of trimmed dough, and chill to prepare them for molding.nBake cookies until firm and golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Slide parchment paper from each baking sheet to a rack to cool. Cookies may be stored between sheets of parchment paper in an airtight container for up to 1 month., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup firmly packed lightbrown sugar, 13 cup milk or water], title: Speculaas, picturelink: null}, 49457: {instructions: Heat a large pot over mediumhigh heat, add oil, the onions and ground turkey. Saute until turkey is just cooked stirring frequently to break up clumps.nAdd the chicken stock to the pan and stir in garlic, chiles, tomato puree and enchilada sauce mix. Bring to a boil then reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Put some of the chopped avocado in the bottom of each bowl and ladle the soup on top stir to combine. Top with cheese, crushed chips and sour cream. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola or vegetable oil, 1 cup diced red onion, 1 14 pounds ground turkey breast, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 1 4ounce can diced green chiles, 34 cup tomato puree, 1 tablespoon enchilada sauce mix recommended: Lawrys, 1 avocado, pit removed, flesh chopped, 1 cup shredded Mexicancheese blend, 34 cup crushed baked blue corn chips recommended: Guiltless Gourmet, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Tortilla Soup, picturelink: ugshKBkvOCfjD0wN.3OZIsSBVR8wq2}, 49458: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill over high heat.nOn a heavy duty sheet of aluminum foil, add the chocolate, 5 marshmallows, chocolate cookies, and top with chopped mint. Carefully close the foil and put on the grill over indirect heat. Heat until the chocolate is melted. Put the remaining 5 marshmallows onto a skewer and grill on all sides.nPut a pizzelle on each of 5 plates and top with the chocolate mixture. Add a dollop of whipped cream, and a toasted marshmallow. Garnish with a broken pizzelle and mint leaves., ingredients: [2 cups chopped dark chocolate, 10 marshmallows, 5 chocolate sandwich cookies, chopped recommended: Oreo, 1 small bunch fresh mint leaves, chopped, plus leaves for garnish, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped, Pizzelles], title: Smores, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 49459: {instructions: Sift the granulated sugar. Crush the hazelnuts very small best results in a blender. Wash the sultanas. Wash and grate the carrots. Grease the cake tin 9 by 12inch deep. Place a bowl over a pan of hot water. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Into a warmed bowl place the egg yolks and 4 ounces of the granulated sugar and whisk together until the mixture thickens. It should be doubled in bulk, lighter in color and creamy in texture. When this happens, set aside the yolk and sugar mixture for a moment off the heat. Into a clean, cold bowl place the whites of eggs, add 1 teaspoonful cold water and some freshly ground salt and whisk quickly until they are stiff and peaked. Gradually beat into the fluffy whites of eggs the remaining 6 ounces of granulated sugar until it is fully incorporated. Set aside until required. Place the egg yolk mixture over the warm water and add the ground nuts and lemon juice. To this add the grated carrots and lemon zest. Fold in the 1 teaspoonful of flour and sultanas. Remove the bowl from the heated water. Fold in 2 tablespoonfuls of egg whites. Then put all the mixture into the remainder of the whites of eggs and fold in well. Add the 14 teaspoonful of cinnamon. Pour all the mixture into the greased cake tin and put it into the preheated oven set at 350 degrees F., on the middle shelf, for 60 minutes. Remove cake from the pan and cool completely. Cut cake in half, spread the jam over the bottom and replace top. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar before serving., ingredients: [1 14 cups granulated sugar, 10 ounces hazelnuts, 3 12 ounces sultana raisins, 3 medium carrots 10 ounces, 6 egg yokes, 6 egg whites, 1 teaspoon cold water, Freshly ground salt, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon lemon zest thin rind, 1 teaspoon all purpose flour, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 4 teaspoons raspberry jam, 1 tablespoon icing sugar confectioners sugar], title: Carrot Cake, picturelink: p4.kRdQ0mtU78F4AYB7vmLyz.k33542}, 49460: {instructions: To make the sweet peppers: Plump the raisins in the sherry.nCombine the raisins, peppers, tomato, onion, olives, chopped cilantro, jalapeno, and garlic. Add the vinaigrette and toss to combine. Let the salad rest at room temperature for 30 to 45 minutes before serving.nTo make the Canapes: Blend the goat cheese and the clabbered cream until smooth and transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a round tip.nTo assemble the canapes, pipe the goat cheese mixture in a ring around the whole wheat bread rounds. Mound about 1 tablespoon of the pepper salad in the center and top with a cilantro leaf. Serve.nCombine the vinegars and mustard. Whisk in the oil gradually. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Add fresh herbs., ingredients: [1 heaping tablespoon golden raisins, 1 tablespoon dry sherry wine, 1 roasted red pepper, peeled, seeded, and cut into 18inch by 12inch matchsticks, 1 roasted green pepper, peeled, seeded, and cut into 18inch by 12inch matchsticks, 1 roasted yellow pepper, peeled, seeded, and cut into 18inch by 12inch matchsticks, 1 tomato, peeled, seeded and julienned, 12 red onion, julienned, 3 tablespoons black olives, cut in strips, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 13 cup balsamic vinaigrette, recipe follows, 8 ounces soft fresh goat cheese or sour cream, 12 cup clabbered cream or sour cream, 30 1 12inch whole wheat bread rounds, buttered and toasted, 30 cilantro leaves, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 cups mild olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons minced herbs, such as chives, parsley, and tarragon], title: Goat Cheese Canapes with Sweet Peppers, picturelink: null}, 49461: {instructions: In a very large stockpot, bring about 6 quarts water to a boil. Plunge the crabs headfirst into the water, and cook for 12 minutes from the time the water returns to the boil. Remove the crabs with tongs and set aside. When cool, remove the triangular belly flap on the underside and discard. Turn crab over and starting from rear of crab, pull firmly to lift off top shell, and discard. Pull off and discard the spongy fingers from the body and the tiny paddles from the front. Scoop out the orange crab butter and, if desired, reserve for another use. Cut the body into quarters and pick the crabmeat from inside, using a small fork or a metal pick, and reserve. Twist the claws and legs off of the body. Crack the claws and legs along the edges of the shells, using a heavy nutcracker or a small hammer. Pick the crabmeat from the claws and legs, and reserve.nTry to keep the crabmeat in fairly large chunks, but make sure you get all of it.nIn a large mixing bowl, beat the eggs lightly. Add the sour cream, diced poblano and yellow peppers, celery, salt, and pepper. Toss together until well mixed. Add the crab, shredding it into approximately 34 inch chunks, and the bread crumbs. Mix together gently but thoroughly.nDivide the mixture into 12 cakes, shaping them into patties about 34 inch thick and 3 inches in diameter. Refrigerate them on a large plate, loosely covered, for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a large heavy skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the butter and 1 tablespoon of the oil over medium high heat. Saute 6 crab cakes at a time, for about 3 minutes on each side, being very careful when you turn them so that they do not fall apart. They should be golden brown on each side. Place the cooked crab cakes on a baking sheet in the oven to keep warm while you add the remaining butter and oil to the pan and saute the other six crab cakes in the same way., ingredients: [3 whole Dungeness Crabs about 6 pounds, or 112 pounds picked over crabmeat, 2 large eggs, 1 cup sour cream, 2 poblano chiles, stemmed, seeded, and finely diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and finely diced, 1 rib celery, finely diced, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Mexican Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 49462: {instructions: Pour apricot juice into a champagne flute. Add champagne and stir. Place apricot slice on the rim as a garnish., ingredients: [1 part apricot juice, 2 parts Champagne, 1 apricot slice, for garnish], title: French Kiss Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 49463: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the strawberries and amaretto. Cover and refrigerate at least 3 hours or overnight.nIn a large bowl, whip the cream with the confectioners sugar until soft peaks form tips curl. In a medium bowl, stir half of the whipped cream into the ricotta to lighten it. Gently fold in the remaining whipped cream and cinnamon. Fold the pistachios into cream mixture.nPlace a layer of crushed amaretti cookies in each of 4 parfait glasses. Top each with a layer of strawberry slices and then cannoli cream. Repeat layering. If desired, top with miniature chocolate chips., ingredients: [1 pound strawberries, hulled and sliced, 3 tablespoons amaretto or orange liqueur, 23 cup heavy cream, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup unsalted pistachios, chopped, optional, 24 amaretti cookies, crushed, Miniature semisweet chocolate chips, optional], title: Strawberry Cannoli Parfaits, picturelink: CaoT0lOmiFe7500783x1aPtSu2OQ.te}, 49464: {instructions: Heat a large castiron skillet over high heat. Add the tomatillos, jalapeno and red onion chunks. Cook, turning, until blistered, 5 to 6 minutes for the onion and 7 to 8 minutes for the tomatillos and jalapeno. Transfer to a cutting board cool slightly. Chop the tomatillos and onion seed and chop the jalapeno.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomatillos, chopped onions and half of the jalapeno. Cook until the vegetables release their juices, then add the chicken, the juice of 1 lime and 12 teaspoon salt. Simmer until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Keep warm over low heat.nToss the watermelon, 12 cup cilantro, the sliced red onion, the remaining jalapeno, juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon olive oil and half of the cheese in a bowl. Season with 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Warm the tortillas in a dry skillet.nAdd the remaining 1 cup cilantro to the chicken mixture. Divide among the tortillas top with the watermelon salad, the remaining cheese and the avocado. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 1 large jalapeno pepper, 1 small red onion 12 cut into large chunks, 12 thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups shredded rotisserie chicken skin removed, Juice of 2 limes, plus wedges for serving, Kosher salt, 2 cups chopped watermelon, 112 cups fresh cilantro, 34 cup crumbled Cotija cheese about 3 ounces, Freshly ground pepper, 12 corn tortillas, 1 avocado, chopped], title: ChickenWatermelon Tacos, picturelink: aB4TTFsFckfylaAVq8hWQAeisyvnM.}, 49465: {instructions: Fill a large saucepan about halfway, with warm water. Bring to a simmer. Peel and slice potatoes, and add them to the simmering water. Add a few pinches of salt, increase the heat, and bring to a boil. Check the potatoes with a knife. If the knife has some resistance, continue simmering the potatoes until the knife comfortably slides through the potatoes. When the potatoes have cooked through about 15 minutes, drain them in a large colander. Add them back to the saucepan. To the saucepan, add the milk and butter, followed by a the nutmeg. Mash potatoes until smooth. Stir in Dijon mustard. Season with more salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound yukon gold potatoes, Salt, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Pinch ground nutmeg, 1 tablespoon whole grain Dijon mustard, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Dijon Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 49466: {instructions: Combine the butter, garlic, cilantro and 1 teaspoon lime juice in a food processor or with a mixer until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, and add more lime juice if needed.nPhotographs by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, slightly softened, 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 to 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Cilantro Butter, picturelink: Z1SCh1aLnUkebF6NrwC8lK3OC9HXETi}, 49467: {instructions: Line a small shallow dish or bowl with plastic wrap or waxed paper. Coat wrap with vegetable spray. Arrange a pattern in bottom of the dish using the sundried tomatoes and basil. Add 1 12 tubs of garlic and herb cheese about half a pound to the dish and smooth over, then layer in the sundried tomato spread and the pesto. Spread the remaining cheese on top of the pesto. Place a serving plate over the bowl and invert the bowl. Hold on to the edges of the waxed paper or wrap to release the cheese. Remove the waxed paper or plastic wrap. Arrange the sliced baguette along 1 side of the torta.nArrange carrots and tomatoes along the opposite side of the torta., ingredients: [Vegetable spray, 4 pieces sundried tomatoes, 4 leaves fresh basil, 3 tubs, 6 ounces each, soft garlic and herb cheese recommended: Alouette brand, 14 cup sundried tomato tapenade, 14 cup prepared basil pesto, 1 baguette or whole grain baguette, presliced at the bread counter, Handful baby carrots, Handful grape tomatoes], title: Instant Pesto Torta with Bread and Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 49468: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and grease and flour an 8 by 12 inch cake pan, knocking out excess flour.nIn a bowl whisk together flour, sugar, corn starch, poppy seeds, baking powder, and salt and with fingers blend in butter until incorporated. In a large measuring cup, lightly beat together milk, zest, vanilla and egg.nStir milk mixture into flour mixture until just blended and pour batter into pan. Bake cake for 35 minutes or until tester comes out clean. Remove cake from pan and cool on rack., ingredients: [1 14 cup all purpose flour, 23 cup sugar, 12 cup corn starch, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup skim milk, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla, 1 large egg], title: Lemon Poppyseed Cake, picturelink: null}, 49469: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat. Brush the sweet potatoes with 1 tablespoon of the oil, and sprinkle with a large pinch of salt. Lightly oil the grill grates. Arrange the sweet potato rounds on the grill, cover with the lid and cook until there are nice grill marks and the potatoes are tender but not mushy, 8 to 12 minutes per side. Set aside to cool completely. These buns can be refrigerated in an airtight container up to 2 days.nMeanwhile, mash the beans and corn in a medium bowl until the beans form almost a paste. Add the cheese, 3 tablespoons of the cornmeal, the egg white, scallions and 34 teaspoon salt. Form the mixture into 4 patties about 12 inch thick. Refrigerate for at least 20 minutes up to overnight.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat. Put the remaining 2 tablespoons cornmeal onto a plate. Dredge both sides of the patties in the cornmeal. Cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven, and bake until the burgers reach an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 5 minutes.nBrush 4 of the grilled sweet potato slices with some of the mayonnaise. Put the lettuce leaves and burgers on the remaining 4 slices, and sandwich together., ingredients: [2 large, fat sweet potatoes about 1 12 pounds, peeled and cut into eight 12inch rounds, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, Kosher salt, One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed, 12 cup frozen corn, thawed, 13 cup finely diced pepper Jack cheese, 5 tablespoons stoneground cornmeal, 1 large egg white, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 4 lettuce leaves], title: Black Bean and Corn Veggie Burger with Sweet Potato Bun, picturelink: UuUHzJb4O4KaszivLFq2eq9OYVzmjQ6}, 49470: {instructions: Combine greens, celery, and apples in a large bowl. Whisk together both vinegars and the shallot. Slowly whisk in the oil, and season with salt and pepper. Toss the salad ingredients with some of the vinaigrette. Garnish with shaved Parmigiano., ingredients: [1 small head escarole, torn into bitesized pieces, 1 Belgian endive, leaves separated, 1 celery stalk, cut on the diagonal into thin slices, 1 small Granny Smith apple, halved cored and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon finely diced shallot, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Shaved ParmigianoReggiano, for garnish], title: Winter Green Salad with Green Apple Vinaigrette, picturelink: AOMuIuZfGrXRfuvjBu88FifAssIIW}, 49471: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 56 mini cupcake cups from 3 24cup mini cupcake or muffin pans or 18 regularsize cupcake or muffin cups from 2 12cup regularsize cupcake or muffin pans with paper cupcake liners.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt. In a second bowl, mix the eggs, buttermilk, and oil. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients. Once the ingredients are mixed, add the lemon zest and lemon juice, and blend until combined. Bake the cupcakes until golden brown and the centers spring back when lightly pressed, 16 to 18 minutes for minis or 22 to 24 minutes for the regularsize cupcakes. Cool the cupcakes in the pans for 5 minutes and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nIncrease the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Transfer the kiwi cream to a pastry bag fitted with a small round tip and fill each cupcake with some of the cream. Transfer the meringue mixture to a separate pastry bag fitted with a large round tip and pipe the meringue on top of each cupcake. Place the cupcakes on baking sheets and bake until lightly browned and cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes.nIn a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the sugar, eggs, and kiwi mixture. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook, stirring until it thickens and coats the back of a wooden spoon, about 12 minutes. Set the pan over a large bowl of ice and continue to stir until the mixture has cooled slightly. Strain the mixture into a clean bowl and refrigerate until thickened and well chilled.nIn the bowl of an electric stand mixer, combine the egg whites and sugar and whip until the mixture is firm and glossy., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon zest, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Kiwi Cream Filling, recipe follows, Meringue Frosting, recipe follows, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 14 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 large ripe kiwi about 4 ounces, peeled, pureed and strained about 3 tablespoons, 14 cup egg whites from 2 large eggs, 14 cup sugar], title: Lemon Kiwi Cupcake, picturelink: CXBee1JcaTyLIc4VE64IvMTzcP1vWEi}, 49472: {instructions: Combine eggs with salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Whisk vigorously for 15 seconds. Melt butter in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. When butter is melted and foamy, add eggs and reduce heat to medium. Using a rubber or flat wooden spatula, push eggs toward center while tilting skillet to distribute runny parts. When eggs are almost set, scramble them, gently turning them over several times. Remove skillet from heat. In a second medium bowl, toss arugula and spinach with 2 tablespoons olive oil, and vinegar. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside. Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Brush tortillas on both sides with remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Grill each tortilla lightly on 1 side, 5 to 10 seconds. Place tortilla, grilledside down on work surface. Divide Herb Cream Cheese evenly between the tortillas. Divide salmon evenly between tortillas and top with eggs. Divide greens between tortillas and top each with about 2 tablespoons alfalfa sprouts. Fold in sides of tortilla and roll up. Slice in 12 on the diagonal. Transfer to plates. Garnish each plate tomato quarters, basil, scallions, and sliced onion.nIn a medium bowl, combine cream cheese, pepper, parsley, and scallions. Using a wooden spoon, beat until creamy. Yield: 1 cupnHeat oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium bowl, toss tomatoes with vinegar and oil. Spread evenly on a small baking sheet. Bake until tomato skins shrivel and tomatoes turn slightly brown, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [8 large eggs, lightly beaten, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups arugula leaves, washed and spun dry, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 4 12inch spinach tortillas, 1 cup Herb Cream Cheese, recipe follows, 8 ounces smoked salmon, 12 cup alfalfa sprouts, Roasted Plum Tomatoes, recipe follows, Small bunch basil leaves, minced, for garnish, 4 scallions, white part only, julienned, for garnish, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, for garnish, 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons minced parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons minced scallions, 8 plum tomatoes, quartered, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Breakfast Burrito, picturelink: null}, 49473: {instructions: In a bowl combine all ingredients, marinate olives, covered and chilled, stirring occasionally, at least 1 day and up to 3., ingredients: [4 cups mixed olives Alfonse, Gaeta and Sicilian drained, 14 cups caper berries, drained, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon julienne strips orange zest, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, crushed, 1 large garlic clove, sliced], title: Mediterranean Marinated Olives, picturelink: null}, 49474: {instructions: Pull the lettuce leaves from the head, rinse gently under cold water, and lay out on clean towels to dry. Use a spoon to remove the flesh in 1 piece from each half of the avocado. Thinly slice the avocado flesh into thin wedges.nWhisk together all the dressing ingredients.nArrange the lettuce leaves on a plate and top with the avocado wedges, scallion, and cilantro. Finish with a healthy drizzling of the dressing., ingredients: [2 small to medium heads Boston lettuce, discard any wilted leaves, 1 Hass avocado, pitted, 1 large bunch scallions, thinly sliced, Leaves from 1 bunch cilantro, finely chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, About 20 grinds fresh black pepper, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard], title: Boston Lettuce Avocado Salad and Lime Dressing, picturelink: f.ly5mhatKQ2c.kHmvJ9Mp49pHevO}, 49475: {instructions: Spray a 5quart slow cooker with butter flavored cooking spray.nCombine all ingredients in large mixing bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes. Transfer to slow cooker. Cover and cook on LOW for 4 12 to 6 hours.nServe warm., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box spice cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 1 3.4ounce box instant butterscotch pudding mix recommended: JellO, 1 cup water, 2 cups shredded carrots, 34 cup canola oil, 4 eggs, 1 8ounce can crushed pineapple, 1 cup sour cream], title: Heirloom Carrot Spoon Cake, picturelink: 4FdijN8BZT6aqz1xagehQOCtzCpge}, 49476: {instructions: For the dough: In a mixing bowl with a paddle attachment, add the dry ingredients and mix for 5 seconds to blend. Add the butter and vanilla and mix until the butter is about the size of peas. Add the cold water and blend until the dough just comes together. Form the dough into a roughly shaped ball, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours.nApplesauce filling: Peel, core, and slice the apples. Put the apples with the rest of the ingredients into a saucepan. Bring to a boil, turn down the heat, and cook until the apples are very soft, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, cool, and refrigerate.nDiced apples: Peel, core, and cut the apples into large dice. Toss with the sugar, vanilla and lemon juice and set aside.nAssemble the bomboloni: Remove the dough from the refrigerator. Roll out to 14inch thick round. Cut into 6inch rounds. Place about 14 cup of the Apple Sauce Filling onto the center of each round. Top with a few pieces of the Diced Apples. Pull the sides up towards the center to form a bundle, pinching the dough together towards top. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour before bakingnBake the bombolonis: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the bombolonis from the refrigerator and place them on a greased or parchment paper lined baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, about 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [9 ounces cake flour about 3 cups, 12 cup all purpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, Pinch gray salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into large pieces, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 2 tablespoon cold water, 4 Granny Smith apples, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 vanilla bean, or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon water, 4 Granny Smith apples, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Apple Bomboloni, picturelink: 0gabneMUY0QJ0B5Y14NdwZPbJMdkzW}, 49477: {instructions: Slice the onions and place on top of short ribs. Cover with wine. Make a sachet with juniper berries, bay leaves, thyme, and rosemary and place in the liquid. Marinate, refrigerated, for 24 hours.nRemove buffalo from marinade, reserving marinade. Heat 12 cup oil in a medium sized stockpot. Lightly coat buffalo in the flour and brown on both sides. Remove buffalo and add the marinated sliced onions, cooking until golden brown. Pour off excess oil. Add back the buffalo with the onions, and the reserved marinade. Simmer for ten minutes. Add the veal stock and chokecherry preserves. Simmer covered for about two hours. Adjust seasoning, to taste.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a large saute pan. Add mushrooms and onions and saute until onions begin to brown, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 onions, 4 Buffalo short ribs 1 12inches each, 2 cups red wine, 1 tablespoon crushed juniper berries, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon thyme, 1 sprig rosemary, 12 cup canola oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 cup flour, 4 ounces chokecherry preserve, 1 pint veal stock, Salt and pepper, 4 medium sized mushrooms, sliced, 16 summer pearl onions, Fresh grated horseradish, Serving suggestions: mashed potatoes, sauteed mushrooms and onion, and a side of freshly grated horseradish], title: Braised Buffalo Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 49478: {instructions: Chop the meat into small pieces, rinse and place into a large stockpot. Add the water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer 3 hours, until the meat is tender.nAdd the remaining ingredients and cook until the vegetables are tender. Season with salt and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds goat head, organs and feet 2 pounds lamb meat may be substituted, 1 12 gallons water, 5 green bananas, sliced, 1 pound yams, diced, 1 12 christophenes also called chayotes, seeds and skin removed, chopped, 12 pound taro root, diced, 12 pound carrots, diced, 12 pound turnips, diced, 1 12 bunches scallions, chopped, 2 scotch bonnets or habaneros, chopped, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, chopped, Salt], title: Mannish Water, picturelink: null}, 49479: {instructions: Cook macaroni, drain do not rinse.nIn a large saute pan, saute the onions in butter. Add the flour to make a roux and cook for 1 minute. Add the milk, bay leaves, paprika, salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer, stirring often. Mix the 2 cheeses together in a small bowl. Once the mixture is at a simmer, add 3 cups of cheese mixture and the cottage cheese. Stir well, remove from heat, and remove bay leaves from mixture. Add macaroni noodles to milk mixture, mix well.nPour 12 of macaroni mixture into a 2quart baking dish, cover with 12 of the remaining grated cheese, add remaining macaroni mixture and cover with the remaining grated cheese mixture.nIn small bowl mix together the topping ingredients and top the macaroni. Place into the oven and bake until golden brown, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups uncooked macaroni noodles, 1 cup diced onion, 14 cup melted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups milk, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups grated Cheddar, 2 12 cups grated Monterey jack, 1 cup cottage cheese, 14 cup melted butter, 14 cup bread crumbs], title: Ruths Diner  Gramma Claires Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 49480: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometernHeat 3 inches of oil in a medium Dutch oven until the oil reaches 365 degrees F.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, vinegar, sugar, togarashi and wasabi in a small bowl. Top with the pickled ginger. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nPeel the onions and cut them crosswise into 12inchthick slices. Separate the slices in rings. Set up a dredging station with two shallow dishes. Pour the buttermilk into the first dish. In the second dish, whisk together the panko, flour, sesame seeds, cayenne, garlic powder, onion powder and salt. Dip each onion ring in the buttermilk and then in the seasoned panko mixture. Set on a baking sheet in a single layer until you have dredged all the onion rings.nWorking in batches, gently add the breaded onion rings to the hot oil and fry until golden brown and crispy, about 4 minutes, flipping them over halfway through. Remove to a papertowellined baking sheet and season with togarashi.nServe the onions rings with the wasabi dipping sauce., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons togarashi powder, plus more for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon wasabi paste, 14 cup pickled ginger, julienned, 2 yellow onions, 2 cups buttermilk, 4 cups panko breadcrumbs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup black sesame seeds, 4 teaspoons cayenne, 4 teaspoons garlic powder, 4 teaspoons onion powder, 4 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Togarashi Onion Rings with Wasabi Dipping Sauce, picturelink: lmeQQlphaqIUkQP2HfsiTK2xTktIPK}, 49481: {instructions: Remove skin from ham, leaving 14 to 12inch of fat on ham. Score the fat into diamond shapes and insert cloves in a decorative manner. In a saucepan, bring bourbon, molasses, and peppercorns to a simmer, to cook off the alcohol  be careful, the alcohol will flame a little. Allow to cool. Put ham on a rack in a baking pan, add 1inch of water, baste with the glaze and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven. Depending on weight of the ham, the time will vary. It will take approximately 20 minutes per pound. Bake for 3 hours covered and last 12 hour uncovered, basting every 20 minutes with glaze., ingredients: [1 smoked ham New York State 12 to 14 pounds, Cloves, 1 cup bourbon, 2 cups molasses, 1 tablespoon peppercorns], title: CountryBaked Ham with Bourbon Molasses Glaze, picturelink: null}, 49482: {instructions: Place the cabbage in a large bowl, sprinkle with the salt and rub in the salt with your fingers. Transfer to a colander and place the colander over the bowl. Fill a large sealable plastic bag with water, close tightly and place on top of the cabbage as a weight. Place in the refrigerator to drain for about 4 hours. Squeeze the cabbage with your hands to press out as much water as possible, and put the cabbage in bowl. In a small saucepan combine the vinegar, sugar, and water, bring to a boil. Pour over the cabbage and toss to combine. Marinate the slaw in the refrigerator for 4 to 6 hours before serving, stirring occasionally. Serve.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [One 3pound head red cabbage, cored, trimmed, and finely shredded on a vegetable slicer, 2 tablespoons kosher salt plus more, 1 14 cups cider vinegar, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 cup water], title: Red Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: null}, 49483: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBake bacon on slotted broiler pan until crisp 15 to 20 minutes.nCombine meat with paprika, poultry seasoning, grill seasoning, parsley and shallots. Mix well and form into 4 12 pound patties. Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Cook meat patties 14 to 15 minutes, turning once.nMix buttermilk with the sour cream, garlic, lemon juice, hot sauce, chives, dill, salt and pepper, to taste.nSplit and toast rolls. Place burgers on bun bottoms and top with 2 slices bacon, lettuce, season tomatoes and set in place, arrange avocado on top of tomatoes. Top bun tops with buttermilk dressing and set in place., ingredients: [8 slices good quality bacon, 1 pound ground turkey breast, 1 pound ground chicken, 1 teaspoons paprika or smoked sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 23 palm full, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, a palm full, A handful chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup buttermilk, 14 cup sour cream, 1 large clove garlic, grated or minced, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 3 tablespoons, finely chopped chives, 1 tablespoon, finely chopped dill, Salt and pepper, 4 crusty wholewheat Keiser rolls, 12 pieces green leaf lettuce, 8 slices ripe tomato, 8 slices avocado], title: Open Wide TurChicken Club Burgers, picturelink: ggAjTu62HL2.HLLAkTHpgX52SZNqGC}, 49484: {instructions: For the salted caramel milkshake:nCombine the ice cream, milk, and caramel sauce in a blender and blend until smooth.nFor the salted caramel sauce:nIn a heavybottomed saucepan, combine the sugar and water over mediumlow heat until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat and bring to a boil, without stirring. If necessary, use a wet pastry brush to wash down any crystals on the side of the pan. Boil until the syrup is a deep amber color, about 5 to 6 minutes.nRemove the sugar from the heat and carefully whisk in the heavy cream. The mixture will bubble. Stir in the unsalted butter, and salt. Transfer the caramel to a dish and cool.nCooks Note: This recipe will last in the refrigerator up to 2 weeks. Reheat before serving., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla bean ice cream, 12 cup whole milk, 14 cup salted caramel sauce recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 34 cup heavy cream, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon gray sea salt, crushed or kosher salt,  Salted Caramel Variations, recipes follow], title: Salted Caramel Milkshake, picturelink: null}, 49485: {instructions: In a large pot bring salted water to a boil and blanch the asparagus by placing them in boiling salted water for 1 minute, and immediately shocking them in a bowl of ice water an ice water bath. Trim the very bottom of the asparagus and discard. Cut off the top 2 inches of the asparagus and set aside for garnish. Finely chop the remaining asparagus. In a medium bowl, combine the asparagus with the mayonnaise, mustard, tomatoes, lemon zest and lemon juice. Gently fold the crabmeat into the asparagus mixture and season to taste with lemon pepper and House Seasoning. Using the extra lemon juice wet the rim of the martini glass and dip it into the crab boil seasoning. Put the crab mixture into the prepared glass and serve with the asparagus tops, lemon wedges, and olives as garnish.nMix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months., ingredients: [12 to 15 fresh asparagus stalks, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons spicy or Dijon mustard, 2 to 3 small tomatoes, diced, Juice and zest of 1 lemon, plus more for dipping glass, 1 pound lump crab meat, cleaned, picked and cooked, 1 pound claw crab meat, clean, picked and cooked, Lemon pepper and seasoning salt, House Seasoning, recipe follows, Crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, Lemon wedges, for garnish, Olives, for garnish, 1 cup salt, 14 cup black pepper, 14 cup garlic powder], title: Uncle Bubbas Crab Martini, picturelink: Wy29kmeRH5QJmiq9DjHcHAjiwKt5wW}, 49486: {instructions: To prepare venison: In a spice grinder or food processor, grind the peppercorns, juniper berries, fennel seeds, and thyme together. Mix with 4 tablespoons of the olive oil and rub on the venison. Cover and let stand in the refrigerator for 4 to 12 hours. Remove the venison from the refrigerator 1 hour before cooking to come to room temperature.nTo make the cranberry sauce: In a food processor or spice grinder, coarsely grind the cinnamon, fennel seeds, cloves, peppercorns, and juniper berries together. Place in a cheesecloth square and tie closed with a string.nIn a heavy medium saucepan, combine the cranberries, wine, vinegar, sugar, and orange juice concentrate. Add the spice bundle and bring the liquid to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the cranberries are very soft. Remove the spice bundle, pour the sauce into a bowl, and let cool. Use now, or cover and refrigerate for up to 3 days. Bring to room temperature before serving.nWhile the cranberry sauce cools, make the baked apples: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a medium saucepan, cook the cider, vinegar, star anise, cinnamon, cloves, allspice, and butter for 5 minutes. Place the apples, cutside down, in a baking pan. Pour the cider mixture over the apples. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until semisoft set aside and keep warm, or reheat just before serving.nTo make the venison: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large skillet, heat the remaining 4 tablespoons oil and brown the venison on all sides. Place on a rack in a roasting pan and roast in the oven for about 50 minutes for mediumrare. For mediumdone, roast 6 to 7 minutes longer. Remove the venison from the oven, cover loosely with aluminum foil, and let stand for 5 minutes before slicing.nTo make the chard: In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the chard and apple cider and saute for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, transfer the venison to a platter and arrange the apples beside it. Divide the chard and cranberry sauce between bowls. Serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons juniper berries, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 2 teaspoons dried or fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup olive oil, 1 3pound boneless venison leg roast or turkey breast, trimmed and tied, 1 cinnamon stick, snapped in half, 4 teaspoons fennel seeds, 4 teaspoons whole cloves, 4 teaspoons black peppercorns, 4 teaspoons juniper berries, 6 cups fresh cranberries about 12 ounces, 1 12 cups red wine, such as pinot noir, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 23 cup sugar, 23 cup undiluted orange juice concentrate, 4 cups apple cider, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 6 star anise pods optional, 2 cinnamon sticks, 4 whole cloves, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 cup unsalted butter, 4 Braeburn, Jonathan, Gala, or Red Delicious apples, cored and halved lengthwise, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 bunches firm red or white chard, stemmed, 14 cup apple cider or cider residue from baked apples, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Leg of Venison with CiderBaked Apples, Red Chard, and Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 49487: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.nWhip whites and sugar together in a large mixing bowl with an electric mixer. Sift together cocoa and powdered sugar. Fold the dry ingredients into the meringue when it has reached full volume. Then fold in the cocoa nibs. Spread the chocolate meringue onto a parchment paper lined sheet pan, sprayed with nonstick spray, about 14inch thick.nBake for about 1 hour or until the meringue is hard and completely dried out., ingredients: [4 12 ounces egg whites, 4 12 ounces sugar, 34 ounces cocoa, 1ounce 10X powdered sugar, 34ounce cacao nibs], title: Chocolate Meringue, picturelink: null}, 49488: {instructions: To a martini shaker filled with ice, add all ingredients. Shake and strain into martini glass. Garnish with lime wheel., ingredients: [Ice, 1 shot tequila, Splash lime juice, 2 shots cranberry juice, Lime wheel, for garnish], title: Cosmorita, picturelink: 9fP51jItvvxqJ1tSh70RYTeVF8.vPYy}, 49489: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cupcakes:nPreheat the oven to 350 F. Line two 12cup standard muffin tins with cupcake liners.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt, and set aside.nUsing a handheld mixer, cream the butter and granulated sugar together until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time until just combined. Add the vanilla and coconut extracts. Add the buttermilk and the dry ingredients, being careful not to over mix. Mix in the coconut.nFill the cupcake liners twothirds full with batter. Bake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool on wire racks before frosting. Keep the oven on.nFor the frosting:nUsing a handheld mixer, beat the cream cheese and butter together until light and smooth. Add the vanilla, and then slowly add the confectioners sugar 1 cup at a time until thoroughly incorporated.nTo assemble:nFrost the cupcakes generously with about 4 tablespoons of frosting. Garnish with the toasted coconut flakes., ingredients: [2 12 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 12 sticks 10 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups granulated sugar, 5 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 23 cup buttermilk, 1 12 cups sweetened coconut flakes, 1 cup sweetened coconut flakes, lightly toasted, for garnish, 24 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 cups confectioners sugar], title: Coconut Cupcakes with Coconut Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: nUttM15xaOw8GnQUc8hM5EGlS5Ayhbm}, 49490: {instructions: In the bowl of a stand mixer, place the cheese and milk. Or use a mediumsized bowl and a wooden spoon. Using the paddle attachment, whip the cheese or stir it vigorously for at least 5 minutes, or until it is very smooth and creamy. If the cheese is still crumbly, add more milk 12 teaspoon at a time.nTo assemble, spread about 18 teaspoon of cheese on each apricot. If using California apricots, put the goat cheese on the shiny side. Drizzle a little honey over the cheese and top with a light sprinkling of thyme. Place a walnut half on top, arrange the apricots on a platter and serve., ingredients: [4 ounces fresh goat cheese, 2 teaspoons milk, more if needed, 40 dried apricots about 6 ounces, preferably Turkish, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves or 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 40 candied walnut halves], title: Apricot Coins, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 49491: {instructions: Brush steaks on both sides with oil. Season to taste. Place in the center of the cooking grate. Cover grill. Cook, turning once halfway through cooking time, until fish is opaque but still moist in center about 10 minutes. Season to taste., ingredients: [3 seafood steaks, such as yellowfin tuna, halibut, swordfish, salmon or seabass, cut about 1inch thick, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Seafood Steaks, picturelink: null}, 49492: {instructions: Melt butter. Add onions, and saute until wilted. Add mushrooms, saute until juice is rendered out.nAdd dill, paprika, and mix well.nAdd tamari, water, bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer.nIn a large stockpot, make roux using butter and flour, cook 10 minutes. Drain some water from soup and beat into roux in stockpot until smooth. IMPORTANT you will get flour lumps if you try to skip this stepnAdd watersmoothed roux to kettle. Add milk and simmer until it thickens again, coating back of spoon. Turn off heat, beat in sour cream until well blended, then beat in salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound butter, 6 cups yellow onion, 10 pounds mushrooms, chopped, 1 cup dill, 1 cup paprika, 2 cups tamari, 2 gallons water, 2 pounds butter, 6 cups flour, 1 gallon milk, 1.75 gallons sour cream, 1 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoons pepper], title: Hungarian Mushroom Soup, picturelink: null}, 49493: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nHeat the butter, olive oil and garlic in a very large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. You may need two pans for this. Add the crab, season to taste with salt and pepper and toss well.nTransfer to the oven and roast until the garlic turns light brown and the crab is heated through about 12 minutes. Toss once halfway through. Pour the contents of the pan into a large warm serving bowl, add the lemon juice and the parsley and toss well., ingredients: [45 garlic cloves, 6 Tbs. unsalted butter, 6 Tbs. extravirgin olive oil, 4 Dungeness crabs, about 114 lbs. each, cooked, cleaned and cracked, sea salt preferably Gray salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 Tbs. freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Famous Roast Garlic Crab for Four, picturelink: null}, 49494: {instructions: Rub the meat with chicken base and put it into a large container. Allow the beef to marinate, overnight, in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the beef into a large roasting pan and roast it until rare, about 2 12 hours. Remove the roast to a cutting board and let cool before thinly slicing.nSaute the onions and peppers together in a grill pan over mediumlow heat until softened. Add 6 ounces of thinly sliced beef over the peppers and onions. Top with 4 slices of cheese and allow it to melt.nPut the grilled meat, cheese, onions and peppers on the hero bun and serve., ingredients: [1 22pound top round beef roast, Granulated chicken base, 2 ounces sliced onions, 2 ounces sliced green peppers, 4 slices American cheese, 18inch hero bun], title: Philly Cheese Steak Deluxe, picturelink: null}, 49495: {instructions: Combine the stock, grapefruit juice, and sugar in a shallow heavybottomed saucepan. Cook to the caramel stage there will be wisps of smoke coming from the center of the pan. Carefully whisk in the cream. Allow the mixture to boil and deepen in color. Reduce the mixture to 1 or 1 12 cups, whisking constantly. When it is carameldark, add the soy sauce. Strain through a finemesh strainer and reserve, ingredients: [1 34 cups light or dark chicken stock, 23 cup fresh grapefruit juice, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 teaspoon light soy sauce], title: CitrusSavory Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49496: {instructions: To assemble the Poire Belle Helene, place a scoop of chocolate ice cream at the bottom use a sundae glass. Drizzle the chocolate sauce over the ice cream then place a pear on top. Drizzle more chocolate sauce on top of the pear, and top it with whipped cream and another drizzle of sauce.nPour the water, sugar, lemon zest, and lemon juice into a nonreactive 4quart heavybottomed saucepan and place over mediumhigh heat. Using a sharp knife, slice the vanilla beans in half lengthwise. Separate the seeds from the skins by scraping the blade of the knife along the inside. Add the seeds and skins to the mixture and continue heating.nPeel and core the pears but do not halve them. Coring the pears from the bottom will encourage the poaching liquid to seep inside the pear and help it cook evenly inside and out. Add the pears to the lemon mixture and bring to a boil. When it reaches a boil, reduce the heat to a simmer and let cook for about 1 hour. Do not overcook the pears they should be soft enough to pierce easily with a wooden skewer or toothpick.nIn order to keep the pears immersed in the liquid and help them to poach evenly, you must make a parchment paper lid to cover them. To make the lid, cut a round disk from a sheet of parchment paper that is slightly smaller than the diameter of your pan. Place the paper lid directly on top of the pears and poaching liquid. When the pears are fully poached, pour them and the poaching liquid into a clean container. You will need 1 whole pear for each serving.nHeat the milk and chopped chocolate together in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan this will keep the milk from burning over mediumhigh heat until bubbles form around the edge of the pan. While the milk is heating, combine the sugar and egg yolks and whisk until thoroughly incorporated and thick. Temper the egg mixture by pouring about half of the hot milk into it and whisk well. Now pour the tempered egg mixture into the remaining hot milk and chocolate. Cook over mediumhigh heat until slightly thickened, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula. The mixture has finished cooking when it is thick enough to coat the back of the spatula, about 3 to 5 minutes. If you want to reduce the cooling time, you can cool the chocolate ice cream base over an ice bath. When the mixture is cool, spin it according to the type of ice cream machine you are using. The ice cream is ready when it is creamy and smooth, like the consistency of softserve ice cream. Place the ice cream in an airtight container and store in the freezer until ready to use.nPour the milk into a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan, place over mediumhigh heat, and bring to a boil. When it boils, remove the milk from the heat and make a ganache by adding the chopped chocolate. Whisk well, stirring into the edge of the saucepan to combine. The ganache should be homogenous and smooth. Set the ganache aside. In a 1quart heavybottomed saucepan, combine the heavy cream, butter, and sugar. Place the saucepan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. The butter should be completely melted and the sugar completely dissolved. Once the mixture has come to a boil, pour the cream into the warm ganache.nPlace the sauce over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil, stirring constantly with a whisk. As the chocolate sauce cooks, it will begin to thicken slightly. When it reaches a boil, remove it from the heat and pour it into a clean, dry bowl. Cover by placing plastic wrap directly on top of the sauce to prevent a skin from forming. Let the chocolate sauce cool to room temperature before storing in the refrigerator. When cold, the chocolate sauce will become thick enough to be scooped with a spoon., ingredients: [Poached pears, recipe follows, Chocolate ice cream, recipe follows, 2 cups heavy cream, whipped, Chocolate sauce, recipe follows, 1 quart water, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 12 lemons, juiced, 1 12 vanilla beans, 4 ripe Bosc pears, 4 cups whole milk, 7 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 8 egg yolks, 1 cup whole milk, 10 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup sugar], title: Poire Belle Helene, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 49497: {instructions: Place egg yolks in a blender on low speed and slowly drizzle in the vegetable oil. Blend until smooth and mixture becomes thick and airy. Add the white vinegar and blend. Add the cranberries and blend until berries incorporate into the mixture. Finish by adding salt and pepper to taste.nServe with pork or turkey., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 8 ounces vegetable oil, 2 ounces white vinegar, 1 cup dried cranberries, Salt and pepper, Serving suggestions: pork or turkey], title: Sundried Cranberry Aioli, picturelink: null}, 49498: {instructions: Whisk together everything but oil. In a thin stream, whisk in oil to form an emulsion.nWill keep refrigerated up to 4 days, ingredients: [12 cup grated lemon zest, 12 cup grated lime zest, 8 ounces lemon juice, 12 ounces orange juice, 1 bunch scallion white and half of the green, minced, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon shellfish glace, 8 ounces red bell pepper, cut into confetti, 2 red or orange Scotch bonnet chiles, slivered, 1 pint light olive oil], title: Ceviche Dressing, picturelink: null}, 49499: {instructions: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or in a bowl using a handheld mixer, begin to beat the egg whites and sugar on low speed. Be sure the bowl and beaters are free of any fat and that there is no egg yolk in the whites. After 30 seconds or so, scrape down the bowl with a rubber spatula and gradually increase the speed of the mixer to medium. Beat until the mixer thickens and stiffens, about 3 minutes.nSTORING ICING: Keep Royal Icing in an airtight container. To prevent a crust from forming while using the icing, keep the container covered with a damp towel or plastic wrap. Royal Icing will keep refrigerated for up to 2 days. Before reusing, lightly beat with a whisk or fork.nYield: 2 12 cups icing to cover about 4 to 6 dozen 3inch cookiesnRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 pound 1 box confectioners sugar], title: Royal Icing Cookie Paint, picturelink: null}}